[{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"Aufhören","Author":"Sindarina","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13174969","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Aufhören Sieh mich nicht so an. Ich habe nichts für dich. Ich kann nur schießen. Und hier bestehen. Willst du das wirklich? Da ist Bewunderung in deinen Augen. Weil du jung bist. Voller Träume. Kehre um, solange es geht. Träume zerbrechen. Du wirst älter, müder, schwächer. Endlose Tage. Man wird dich auf irgendeinem Boot Hill begraben – wie jeden, der gewaltsam stirbt. Oder du bleibst irgendwo in der Wildnis liegen. Niemand wird sich an dich erinnern. So kommt es eben, wenn man alleine ist. Und ich weiß, dass du das nicht willst. Sieh mich nicht so an. Um deinetwillen, lass es bleiben. ","Summary":" Aufhören Sieh mich nicht so an. Ich habe nichts für dich. Ich kann nur schießen. Und hier bestehen."},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"The Story of First Meetings","Author":"QuickSilverFox3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13133118","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"So how did you two meet?\" An innocent enough question at face value, common enough to be heard a hundred times over, in bars, in saloons, in passing on the road. Always directed at Goodnight, with a sideways glance at Billy, his features even more unexpected the further out they travelled. After all, he was easily recognisable as Goodnight Robicheaux, famed Angel of Death, bringer of death and holy judgement from miles away with pinpoint accuracy in the war. In addition he was charming, a true Southern gentleman with an easy smile, a rich laugh and full of sayings to calm even the twitchiest of nerves. How could Billy compare to that? He was shorter and slighter, face foreign and alien to many of the people encountered. He was as silent as the grave, serious and watching, always watching, dark eyes under dark furrowed brows. And the people turned to Goodnight to ask that question, just like Faraday did now. The man grinned, clearly nervous even though he did not seem to be letting himself feel it, while his travelling companion was terrified, casting nervous glances at Billy every few seconds. \"Where ever I go, Billy goes,\" Goodnight said firmly, putting to rest any arguments the man may have thought about making. Goodnight didn't need to look to know what Billy was doing: slouched against the wall, hat resting at his side and knife carefully tucked back away in his hair; cigarette clamped between his teeth as he gently exhaled smoke, watching, always watching. But now, Faraday. All nerves and fidgeting fingers drumming over the hilt of his guns, the easy smile of a lucky man who knew exactly how lucky he was. And lo and behold, the question reared it's head once again. \"How did we meet Billy?\" Goodnight asked, not expecting an answer as the other grabbed a plate from the table, movements quick enough to make the nervous man- Teddy, Faraday had said his name was- flinch. Billy flicked his eyes up at him, extinguishing the cigarette in a puff of ash and beginning to eat, scooping up the vaguely brown mush with his fingers. Goodnight tipped his head back, cigarette pinched between his fingers as he felt the cold of the lather spread over his cheeks, the snick-snick of the razor was the barber sharpened it just behind him. \"I was serving a warrant on him for the North Pacific Railroad,\" he said, the fabrication falling from his lips easily now, words almost masking his shiver as he recalled the true events of that day. The sky grew darker and then darker still even as the sun beat down hot and heavy, high in the midday sky. Crows filled the air, sky reverberating with their throaty caws, ground seeming to shudder as they briefly took to the air only to land once more on the twisted bodies that had once been men. Their blood oozed into the ground, empty eyes staring up at the crow filled sky and the mud soaked into Goodnight's trousers as he knelt there, kept company in the mud made red by corpses he put there, crows eager for their meal and him. He looked like a man. No man could do what he just did. \"I found Billy down in an old redneck saloon in Texas.\" Goodnight was still there, in the barbers chair, the man's rough hands carefully gliding the razor across his skin, a cold bite in its wake, feet propped up and watching his audience. Faraday was swirling his drink around in the bottle, amber liquid sloshing against the sides, the man always in motion. Teddy was still eyeing up Billy, a rabbit in the face of a much more dangerous predator, trying to keep still so as to not draw attention. And Billy… Goodnight always knew what Billy was doing, had seen his reaction to this story a hundred times before: slow methodical movements, dark eyes staring out at the world staring back, face inscrutable save fire a faint hint of amusement. \"Thank you for my present,\" the person who was not a man, but looked like one said staring around the sea of bodies. The crows flapped and worried, letting loose their croaking caws but didn't come any closer, didn't start their feasting, they waited as Goodnight waited, his gun long since fallen from cold numb fingers. \"Your present?\" He managed, raising his head just enough to look at the man who was not a man's face. He was striking, all hard angles and knowing grin containing too many glints of sharp teeth. \"Yes. You summoned me and gave me a truly lovely present. I'm touched.\" The man crouched down in front of Goodnight, hands resting on his knees as he stared back at him, gaze seeming to burrow through him and see into his very soul. Goodnight held the man's gaze and saw stars erupt and die in his eyes, suns spinning across an endless empty blackness, cities collapse and burn, before he dropped his gaze, gasping for breath, hands trembling. The man in front of him chuckled, a deeper sound that rolled deeper, the noise shaking the earth beneath them, mud spattering against Goodnight's face. He stared down at his hands, and stopped. His hands were covered in blood, the thick red liquid growing slightly tacky as time advanced ever onwards. Goodnight raised his gaze once more to meet the man's eyes once more and saw his own face, a fine mist of blood arcing over his cheeks, droplets covering every available inch. He saw his end in the man's endless dark eyes. \"And all these good ol' boys, they didn't want to serve Billy's kind, alright?\" It gave him a sick almost twisted sense of satisfaction to see the flush that rose in his audiences cheeks at that point. It didn't matter where they told this falsehood, or to who, be it barmaids or preachers, soldiers or farmers. Everyone couldn't meet his eyes at this point if they were white, their own guilt causing them to look away. Faraday held his gaze for longer than most before his eyes twitched away, taking a long swig from the bottle before returning to his swirling motion, the other hand tracing a gentle finger of the barrel of his gun. Teddy couldn't even manage that, his eyes dropping even further as he stared at the stained and pitted wood of the table top, nudging his own plate along the surface. Goodnight knew he was no better than them, had learnt since the misguided days of his youth but he kept his head high now. The razor continued, the barber silent and focused. Snick, snick, snick. Billy grinned, the motion concealed behind his glove, tossing the now empty bowl expertly back onto the table. He leant back, resting his head against the wall as he retrieved the stub of his cigarette, placing it back into his mouth. \"Why me?\" Goodnight's question hung in the air, his gaze locked onto the man's dark eyes. His mouth was dry, words jumbling in his head. He was normally an eloquent man, the right word or saying never far from his mind, but now here, kneeling in amongst this carnage he caused, they swam away from his grasping fingers. \"Because you give thanks to me,\" the man said, dark eyes unblinking, what would have been a kindly smile on his face save for the presence of too many teeth, \"You give thanks to me with every shot fired, with every life extinguished. You were given to me and so I am given to you.\" Unbidden, one trembling hand raised up to the locket tucked around his neck. \"This will keep you safe,\" his grandmother had whispered, her accent thickening deliberately so that his mother didn't understand, closing his fingers around the locket with a grip as strong as iron and skin that felt like paper. And so it had. \"That bullet-\" he began, before the man cut him off, leaning forward to rest his forehead against his own, eyes still staring, breath that smelt like smoke. \"It would have killed you. I hold your death Goodnight and it's not today.\" Goodnight breathed in the sweet smoke, stared into his death reflected back at him from this spirit, demon, man crouched in front of him, close as close could be. \"Thank you.\" That seemed to surprise the man, a flash of genuine shock disrupting the endless scenes of death in his eye and the man rocked backwards on his heels, mouth quirked into a smile as he tiled his head this way and that, studying Goodnight. \"You're welcome,\" he said finally, slowly rising to his feet. The man blocked out the sun, Goodnight still on his knees before him, a supplicant before his God. One gloved hand entered his field of vision, finger wriggling after a few moments. \"On your feet. We have a long way to go now.\" \"So this, uh, petite son of a bitch took on the whole room bare knuckled.\" Goodnight laughed at his, tipping his head back further, eyes half lidded in remembrance. They were remembering, he knew, Billy's skill with a knife, the swiftness of his movements and of the blood that decorated the once golden sand outside in the corral. What was a man's life worth if he willingly traded it away for pride and some coins? Faraday glanced over at Billy, seeing the man in a new light, not as an inferior, but something nearing an equal, another killer to be feared. Teddy shifted nervously in his sea, wood creaking under his weight, another quick nervous swallow of his beer, Adam's apple bobbing in his throat. This wasn't as much of a lie as the first part, the admiration and respect in Goodnight's voice real. Billy was a sight to see in action, teeth bared in a snarl, eyes focused and intent on his target as he moved to spring, fist impacting with a force not expected from a shorter man and definitively not from a foreigner. Few men stood against Billy and remained standing, and when the man truly let loose? There would be no survivors. This Goodnight knew for certain. \"What makes you think I'm going to go with you?\" Goodnight asked, raising his gaze once more, ignoring the offered hand. The man grinned, once again displaying his too sharp, too many teeth. \"You don't have to go anywhere with me. This is America, after all. Land of the free. And I am very far from my home in this land and it's new gods. But I will be with you.\" \"And what do you get out of it? I don't die unless you say and you get?\" Goodnight demanded, some of his old fire reigniting in his chest, cold creeping up his limbs sodden from the mud. \"I get company, I get something to pass the time, I get you,\" the man explained simply, seeming to be delighted that Goodnight was regaining his spirit, \"I go where you go.\" \"My daddy always said I didn't have the common sense God gave a goat,\" Goodnight said, more to himself than to the man, but he laughed regardless, a low deep chuckle that shook Goodnight's very bones. He looked up at this spirit, this man, and stretched out a hand to take his. \"I watched in awe and I said to myself, 'Goodnight this is a man to befriend, not arrest.\" Goodnight caught the look that passed over the barber's face as the man turned to sharpen the razor. The look of guilt verging on the edge of shame, a man pushed to the edge of something he was struggling against with all his might, and losing. He twisted his head, neck cracking and glanced at Billy. Dark eyes met his, a flash of movement that was Goodnight's death twisting with the flow of time before Billy blinked and the vision was gone. Now was not his time yet. Faraday shifted forward on his seat, the man not even aware of the movement as he followed the story, bottle hanging from loose fingers, eyes never leaving Goodnight. Teddy had shifted forward as well, body curved ever so slightly away from Billy, eyes locked on Goodnight as well. They had both heard the stories, of his battles, of his kills, knew his moniker and Sam trusted them. Just what was the man up to this time? He was always a tricky one, wrapped up in a coat of decency and honour. A good man in a sea of lawlessness. The townspeople called his betting ring a scam when they had enough drink to loosen their lips and they were nowhere in sight, this Goodnight knew. The man now lying on the table of the gravedigger was not the first death that had occurred due to drunken bravado and it would not be the last one they caused. The time of their departure was growing nearer and nearer, and this was no way to live. They were running from town to town, Goodnight fleeing from his death looming over him, running from the horrors he had seen and committed during the war, and Billy was there with him every step of the way. \"What's your name?\" The mud squelched under their boots, the earth seeming to reach out and try to drag them down to consume them. The crows descended as the man left with Goodnight, their sound of ripping flesh and harsh cries trailing after them. \"I don't have one, not now,\" the man said after a few moments of deep thought, one arm wrapped around Goodnight's waist to steady him. They had walked for a few moments now, hand wrapped tightly around Goodnight's, a steadying beacon of burning contact. This was closer to another person who wasn't actively trying to kill him than Goodnight had been in months and he found himself drawn closer despite himself. \"I have to call you something if we are going to be travelling together,\" Goodnight replied, swinging their re-joined hands as they walked, gun bumping against his back. \"Call me Billy Rocks, Goodnight Robicheaux.\" \"Billy Rocks,\" Goodnight said, rolling the name about his tongue as if it was fine whisky, savouring the taste of it, \"It is a pleasure to meet you.\" \"Nice to meet you as well,\" Billy replied, raising their hands to press a quick kiss to the back of Goodnight's hand as if he was a Southern Belle. \"You got any tricks then?\" Goodnight asked, ignoring the blush that threatened to spread across his cheeks. \"Wouldn't you like to know,\" Billy countered, raising an eyebrow at him, \"Can't have you getting bored with me so soon.\" \"My daddy always used to say I was like a dog with a bone.\" \"Well then I will just have to keep your interest,\" Billy replied lightly as the duo made their way carefully from the battlefield, shielding their eyes from the glare of the setting sun. \"And so here we are,\" Goodnight concluded, stretching his hands out, bottle still clutched between two fingers. The wind slipped through the cracks in the small saloon, biting against the now bare places of his face as he turned his head to consider his reflection in the mirror. A roar from the other side of the bar, the sounding of glass smashing against the floor drew Faraday's and Teddy's attention for a few seconds, but that was enough. The barber moved quickly with a speed that came with practice, with familiarity with his tools and drew the sharpened razor across Goodnight's throat. Goodnight's eyes met his in the mirror, saw the exact moment that sick satisfaction dropped and turned to blood freezing dread. \"You are going to regret that.\" Billy's voice was as calm as the grave, time seeming to slow around them like moving through thick honey. \"Leave now.\" Time returning to it's normal pace was like emerging from deep water, lungs fighting the urge to gasp, heart pounding in his chest as his sweat stung his eyes. But he resisted, saw the barber pack away his things, motions stiff like a wooden marionette, his death written on his face. \"So what did you say Chisolm was needing us for?\" Goodnight asked, drawing Faraday's attention back to him, the normal background noise of the saloon filtering back in, sunlight through a broken pane. \"There's this town, name of Rose Creek...\" Goodnight didn't need to look to know where Billy was, didn't need to look to know what he was doing. Billy was slouched against the wall of the saloon, dark eyes staring out at the world who shot curious glances back, gaze dropping as if it would burn to meet his eyes, unlit cigarette clamped between his teeth as he exhaled clouds of sweet smelling smoke. ","Summary":" \"So how did you two meet?\" An innocent enough question at face value, common enough to be heard a"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"Proud","Author":"Sindarina","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13174874","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Proud More than one of my friends is long gone. We were then young and proud. We moved around and always found work, whether as lawmen or their adversaries. We were adventurers. For a short time. We didn't have whiskey. So I hit Tom's head with the revolver pommel before the doctor started. Nothing helped. Bill was caught off guard. T he rustlers came in the night and he was alone. I never knew what became of Edd. He simply vanished. I stopped having illusions a long time ago. We must only know how to fire a revolver. No reason for pride. ","Summary":" Proud More than one of my friends is long gone. We were then young and proud. We moved around and a"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"Zusammen am Rand","Author":"Sindarina","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13174838","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Zusammen am Rand Wir müssen verrückt sein. Vin, ich, wir alle. Ob wir nun einen Mann mehr oder weniger für unsere Sache gewinnen – genügen wird es nie. Die andere Seite ist in der Überzahl. Auch wenn ich meine letzte Patrone darauf verwetten würde, dass wir unsere Chancen deutlich verbessern werden, ehe es zu Ende geht. Aber wir wollen es ihnen nicht zu einfach machen. Die Bauern, ihre Frauen und Kinder brauchen uns auf eine Weise, wie ich es nie zuvor erlebt habe. Wir können sie nicht ihrem Schicksal überlassen. Das ist es, was mich antreibt. Und Vin hat vielleicht noch andere Gründe, die ich nicht kenne. Schießen können wir alle. Nur warum wir es tun, das entscheidet jeder für sich. Jedenfalls fühlt es sich richtig an. Darum suchen wir weiter, hören uns um. Waffen sind teuer und schwer zu bekommen. Männer kosten weniger und lassen sich eher finden. In einem Saloon stoßen wir auf eine Gruppe, dem Aussehen nach Viehtreiber. Wir beachten sie zunächst nicht weiter und holen uns etwas zu Trinken. Sicher das Beste, wenn wir uns zu ihnen setzen. So können wir feststellen, ob nicht einer von ihnen … Sie kommen meinem Gedanken zuvor. Ich zucke innerlich zusammen, als ich sie höre. „Das ist doch mal ein Abend! Mir will nicht in den Kopf, warum unser schweigsamer Kamerad schon wieder nicht dabei ist.\" „Da sagst du was, Pete. Kein Trinken, kein Kartenspiel, kein Garnichts. Dabei ist er verdammt gut mit Messer und Revolver! Die Mädchen müssten sich um ihn reißen ...\" Ich trete näher. „Ihr redet von Britt.\" „Und wenn's so wäre?\" Das werte ich als ein Ja. Ich bin nahe daran, zu lächeln, und tausche einen Blick mit Vin. Volltreffer. „Ich bin Chris, ein Freund. Wo hält er sich auf?\" Der zuvor mit Pete Angesprochene zuckt die Achseln. „Jetzt? Weiß der Geier. Morgen Mittag? Bei den Bahngleisen. So wie wir alle.\" Wir bedanken uns und gehen für die Nacht ins Gasthaus. Unterwegs hänge ich meinen Erinnerungen nach. Doch kaum in unserem Zimmer, ist es damit vorbei. „Wie habt ihr euch kennengelernt?\" Vin klingt ehrlich interessiert. Die Frage war zu erwarten. Aber mir ist nicht nach vielen Worten. „Lange Geschichte.\" „Und noch eine lange Nacht. Nun komm schon.\" Als ich schweige, fährt er fort. „Das erinnert mich an diesen Mann, der sich in einer Berghöhle verlief.\" Ich fühle mich seltsam berührt und etwas belustigt zugleich. „Ja, und weiter?\" „Er wiederholte immer stumm sein Mantra `Schweigen ist Gold´. Am Ende fand er auch welches. Nur den Ausgang fand er nicht.\" Botschaft angekommen. Ich strecke mich auf dem Bett aus und ziehe an meiner Zigarre. Wo fange ich am besten an? Es lag schon eine ganze Weile zurück. Ich war wohl nicht viel älter als Chico, und ebenso wie er fuhr ich manchmal aus der Haut. Zu jener Zeit dachte ich noch, dass alle Revolvermänner gleich wären. Es spielte keine Rolle, wo ich herkam oder wie ich war. Ich würde dazugehören. Nun, da irrte ich mich. Eines Abends, ich war eben zum Kartenspiel in den Saloon gekommen, da legte einer meiner Bekannten demonstrativ die Füße auf meinen Stuhl. „Heute nicht.\" „Was soll das, Bob?\" Es erschien mir wie ein schlechter Scherz. „Hast wohl einen zu viel gehoben\", schaltete sich ein anderer ein. „Einen Scheiß hab ich. Er ist hier fremd, er soll wegbleiben.\" Ich spürte, wie mir das Blut zu Kopf stieg. Zugleich fühlte ich mich ziemlich allein. Die Gesellschaft dieser Leute wurde mir mit einem Mal verleidet. Aber mir war klar, dass ich nicht einfach gehen durfte. „Nein. Ich sorge lieber dafür, dass du wegbleibst. Für immer.\" Als ich die Hand an meinen Colt legte, rührte sich Bob, doch eine ruhige Stimme brachte uns zur Besinnung. „Was versprecht ihr euch davon?\" Ein großer, schlaksiger Mann blickte zu uns herüber. Er hatte nur wenige Worte gesprochen. Sie wirkten trotzdem. Bob schien sich reichlich unbehaglich zu fühlen. „Ich wollte Chris hier nur ein wenig aufziehen. Keine große Sache nicht.\" „Stimmt. Es wäre nichts passiert, Britt\", schloss sich ihm Frank an, der mir zuvor beigesprungen war. Britt also. Es war offensichtlich, dass er ihren Respekt genoss. Und dass er, ebenso wie ich, nicht wirklich zu ihnen gehörte. Er war in ihrer Nähe und doch wieder nicht. Denn in Wahrheit stand er für sich alleine. „Gut. Ich gehe. Du auch?\" In dieser knappen Frage lag etwas so Einladendes, dass ich nickte. Ohne weiter auf die Tischgesellschaft zu achten, folgte ich meinem neuen Bekannten hinaus. An der von der Straße abgewandten Seite des Saloons ließen wir uns auf die Erde sinken. Ich hatte noch nie viel gebraucht, aber dort bemerkte ich einmal mehr, worauf es ankam. Keine Stühle, keine Betten, kein warmes Essen. Ich fühlte mich wohl in Britts Gesellschaft und vermisste nichts. Lieber unter freiem Himmel mit ihm als am Tisch mit … Wir saßen eine Weile schweigend da. Damals war ich gesprächiger als heute und ging mehr auf die Leute zu. Zugleich wusste ich es auch zu schätzen, wenn es um mich her einfach mal still war. Ich mochte es, von Zeit zu Zeit in meine Träume und Gedanken abzugleiten. Und ich zog schon immer ruhige, von Pausen durchsetzte Unterhaltungen andauerndem Wortschwall vor. So konnte ich meine Antworten ungestört vorbereiten, ehe ich sie gab, und gut abwägen, was ich fragen wollte. „Sie hatten Respekt vor dir\", bemerkte ich schließlich. „Oder glatte Angst. Warum?\" „Ich bin gut mit Messer und Revolver. Der Beste. Sagt man.\" In seiner Stimme hörte ich keinen Stolz. Eher das Gegenteil. „Trotzdem würdest du nur angreifen, wenn es nicht anders geht\", sprach ich meinen Gedanken laut aus. „Nur dann. Aber um des Tötens willen? Niemals.\" Ich würde auch nie jemanden erschießen, nur um ihn fallen zu sehen. Das bedeutet für mich eine Verrohung, eine Geringschätzung des Lebens, die mich abstieß. Britt schien ebenso zu empfinden. Ich spürte unsere Verbindung. Im Westen gab es viele Männer, die allzu schnell zur Waffe griffen. Oder die nicht sahen, wie schön Schweigen sein konnte. Oder die allgemein jeden verurteilten, der anders war. Und als hätte er dasselbe gedacht, wandte sich Britt wieder an mich. „Wir beide sind hier falsch, was?\" „Das brauchst du mir nicht zu sagen\", erwiderte ich, und dann überraschte es mich selbst, wie sehr ich mich ihm auf einmal öffnete. „Unser Verhalten fällt aus der Reihe. Aber du sprichst zumindest … richtig. Das ist das passende Wort, nehme ich an. Ich hingegen brauche nur den Mund aufzutun, da hören schon alle, wo ich herkomme. Ich dachte, das wäre unwichtig. Ist es aber nicht.\" „Südstaatler.\" Es wurde wieder still zwischen uns, aber es war nicht unangenehm. Irgendwie spürte ich, dass ihm nichts von dem auf der Zunge lag, was ich in späteren Jahren noch oft zu hören bekommen würde. Hinterwäldler. Analphabeten. Arme Schlucker. Oder das fast schon unausweichliche Seit wann sprichst du Englisch? Ich war vor Jahren fortgegangen, doch dabei zog sich noch immer etwas in mir zusammen. Irgendwann holte ich eine Flasche Whisky. „Auch einen Schluck?\" Er schüttelte den Kopf. Vorhin hatte ich ihn schon nicht rauchen gesehen. Nun also auch kein Trinken. Und was war mit Mädchen? Mir schien, als könnte er der anständigste Mann sein, den ich kannte. Der bodenständigste. Nur war er es nicht. Er war trotzdem so sehr – zu sehr – wie ich. Genauso frei. Frei, überall hinzugehen, weil er nichts hatte und ihn nichts hielt. „So, das war's\", ende ich. „Unsere erste Begegnung.\" „Es blieb also nicht dabei?\", fragt Vin, der mir anscheinend in den Kopf blicken kann. „Nein. Danach kam die Geschichte mit den Gesetzlosen ...\" „Und die wäre?\" Ich muss tatsächlich lachen. „Genug von mir. Was ich gerne wissen würde … Wo kommst du her? Ich meine, ursprünglich.\" Meinem Freund scheint es etwas unbehaglich zu sein. Dann lächelt er aber. „Das könnte dauern.\" „Es ist noch nicht Morgen.\" Ich biete ihm die andere Bettseite an, wir rauchen und reden. All die Nächte, die ich alleine verbracht habe, kommen mir unheimlich weit weg vor. So, als kämen sie niemals wieder. ENDE ","Summary":" Zusammen am Rand Wir müssen verrückt sein. Vin, ich, wir alle. Ob wir nun einen Mann mehr oder weni"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"A Different Approach","Author":"FallenQueen2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13252444","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Different Approach The Magnificent Seven When two new bounty hunters decide to take a different approach to collect Vasquez, they will regret it. Tags: kidnapped Faraday, everybody lives/nobody dies AU, taking Faraday to get to Vasquez, idiots in love \"So brother, how do you reckon we get the Mexican? Many others have failed when they tried, what makes your plan different?\" Roy asked his brother Bishop who just grinned and nodded at the campsite that had seven men scattered about it, including their bounty. \"They went after the bounty directly, we gotta be clever and sneaky here. We don't pull the bounty directly, we make him come to us of his own free will.\" Bishop explained as the two watched their target hand a bottle of booze to the man lounging next to him by the fire. \"We pull him, the one with the bum leg. Easy pickings and the Mexican seems awfully fond of him if you get my drift brother dear.\" Bishop smirked as realization dawned on his brother's face and they both looked at their new target who was unaware of them as he rubbed at his leg. \"They are about a days ride out of the next town, we wait for them there and then… We wait for the most opportune moment and we strike.\" Bishop tugged his brother back towards where they had tied their horses up. \"With a little bit of persuasion here and there, we'll be gathering on that bounty by sundown tomorrow.\" Roy finished the thought with a giant grin on his face. ~~/~~ \"You sure you're okay guero?\" Vasquez asked, eyeing Faraday carefully as the other man pulled himself up to his feet. \"Just stiff you mother hen,\" Faraday snapped playfully, dodging the smack Vasquez aimed at him. \"Now, now fellas play nice,\" Goody said with amusement glinting in his eyes as Billy blew some smoke out of his curved up lips. \"Where are you going anyways, Faraday?\" Goody asked curiously, they were all sitting in the town's tavern and that was where Faraday usually lived. \"Just going to check in on Jack is all, he was acting off during the ride here.\" Faraday shrugged as he downed the last of his whiskey before placing it back on the table. \"You want company?\" Vasquez looked up from the card game he was playing with Red. \"Nah, you stay here and lose your money Vas.\" Faraday teased as he tipped his hat at his companions before limping out of the tavern laughing when Spanish swearing reached his ears as the doors swung shut behind him. Faraday inhaled deeply a few times before lowering himself down the steps that led to the saloon and began to the trek to the stables. Jack had been awful twitchy coming into this town like he knew something was off with it and Faraday trusted his horse's instincts but they had been sleeping on the road for days and his leg needed a proper bed for one or two nights. Faraday was lost in his thoughts and concerns about Jack and his aching leg that he was taken off guard when a burly arm wrapped around his windpipe from behind. A cloth being pressed against his mouth and nose cut off his startled cry. A sickly sweet scent entering Faraday's nose and the world spun around him before darkness took him. \"Are you sure about this?\" Roy asked his brother as he looked down at the unconscious man in his arms. \"Stop asking stupid questions,\" Bishop rolled his eyes as he unhooked Faraday's gun belt from his hips and unrolled Vasquez's bounty poster and another note. Roy slung the unconsciousness cowboy over his shoulder with ease as he watched his brother pull out a dagger from his belt and stabbed the wanted poster and Faraday's gun belt to the wall of the building behind them. \"That should get their attention,\" Bishop dusted off his hands as he took in the sight of the note, poster, and belt hanging from the wall. \"Let's get out of here before someone notices.\" Roy insisted and Bishop rolled his eyes but the two headed off. Roy hefted the limp cowboy over the back of his own horse, noticing that a nearby horse was neighing and thrashing in its stall. \"That horse is gonna draw unwanted attention, we better hurry,\" Bishop stated from his place on his own horse, eyeing the snarling horse warily. Roy swung himself up onto his own horse and kicked his heels into the flanks of the creature. \"Isn't attention what we want?\" Roy asked as the two galloped out of the small town, heading towards the run-down house a mile or two of the town where they were going to wait for their bounty to arrive. \"Not yet, little brother, we need to make sure our bargaining tool doesn't go anywhere first,\" Bishop said as he jerked his chin at the unconscious man behind Roy. \"We're gonna tie him up all pretty like to make our point real clear,\" Bishop said as the two dismounted and Roy slung the still limp man back over his shoulder. The two entered the house and Bishop picked up a length of rope and tested its strength for a moment. \"The bounty ain't for this one, so we're not gonna hurt him right?\" Roy asked as he settled Faraday on the floor, checking that he was still breathing all right. \"The worst he'll get is some rope burn,\" Bishop rolled his eyes as he pulled Faraday up into a rickety old chair and quickly lashed him to wood with the rope. Bishop pulled out a bandana from his pocket and tied it firm around Faraday's eyes before he fingered a silver pendant that was hanging from his neck. \"Keep an eye on him, if he wakes up give him another hit,\" Bishop ordered and Roy nodded as he carefully took the drug-drenched cloth from his brother and kept his eyes trained on Faraday. Time passed slowly for Roy, minus the one time Faraday groaned and began to move, Roy shoved the cloth against his face again and the man fell unconscious again. \"About damn time, looks like he actually came alone. This one must mean a lot to him.\" Bishop said sounding impressed from his place at the window with his gun resting on his thigh. \"He looks pissed,\" Roy commented as he stood behind Faraday while his brother cocked his gun and opened the door as Vasquez stepped onto the old porch. \"Where is he?\" Vasquez snarled his accent thick as he glared at Bishop once the door was open. \"No harm has come to him as promised.\" Bishop shifted just enough for Vasquez to see Faraday tied and blindfolded to the chair behind him with Roy standing guard. \"He's unconscious is all,\" Roy added in, seeing that Vasquez was opening his mouth to call out to the blond in the chair. \"He better only be unconscious.\" Vasquez snarled, fingers twitching towards the guns on his hips, familiar guns actually. \"The deal is rather simple Mr. Vasquez,\" Bishop said, butchering Vasquez's name causing their bounty's eyes to twitch. \"You come with us to collect your bounty and we let your friend here go, no fuss and no muss.\" Bishop drawled as he gestured to Faraday behind him with his gun causing Vasquez to tense up. \"You shouldn't have taken him, it was a bad move,\" Vasquez said simply as he took two steps back, confusing both Roy and Bishop. Roy let out a strangled noise when a bullet found its way in between his eyes, his body falling like a puppet with its strings cut off. \"Roy! You son of a bi-!\" Bishop brought his gun up around to shoot Vasquez, the Mexican looking smug and righteous. A knife in his throat cut off Bishop's words, blood sprayed in the air as Bishop dropped his gun and collapsed to the floor. \"I told you cabrón, taking him was a bad move.\" Vasquez spat at the dying man whose eyes closed a moment after. \"Good shot,\" Vasquez called over his shoulder as he hurried over to Faraday, cutting his love free. \"Assholes deserved worse.\" Billy huffed as he and Goody stepped into the house. Sam, Red, and Jack were on the perimeter in case there were more than the two in the house. \"Joshua, guerito. Wake up for me.\" Vasquez said softly as he tore the ropes and blindfold off of the blond. Faraday's head lolled to the side, eyes stilled closed and a pit formed in Vasquez's stomach. \"Joshua! Faraday! Come on wake up guerito!\" Vasquez felt panic beginning to swell up and choke him as he began to shake the limp blond harder. \"Let me try,\" Billy stepped forward as Goody pulled Vasquez back a few steps, hand curled firmly around the Mexican's wrist. \"Trust Billy on this. He has woke me up many times from unconsciousness when drugs have been used.\" Goody said soothingly and Vasquez felt a bit more relaxed, he trusted these men after all. Billy knelt in front of Faraday as he pulled a small roll of paper from his back pocket, he uncurled the top of the paper and waved it underneath of Faraday's nose a few times. \"Come on Faraday,\" Billy muttered as he held the paper a bit closer and his shoulders lost their tension when Faraday groaned and coughed as he came back to consciousness. \"Guero!\" Vasquez was at Faraday's side the moment his eye fluttered open. \"Heeeyyy Vasssss,\" Faraday slurred as he rolled his head over to rest on the other man's thigh. \"Thank you, Billy,\" Vasquez said and Billy just nodded silently as he went to stand next to Goodnight who looked just as relieved as Vasquez felt. \"I'm sorry about all this guerito, it's my fault you where taken,\" Vasquez said softly, grateful when Billy and Goody stepped out to tell the others that Faraday was all right. \"I'm fine Vasssss, you're worth it, besides… Your medallion kept me safe.\" Faraday said his words still slurred and eyes hazy with the drugs that had been used on him. \"Te Amo,\" Vasquez murmured as he dipped his head down to softly kiss the blond who hummed happily. \"Get me out of here?\" Faraday lifted his trembling arms and Vasquez wished he had been the one to kill at least one of those bounty hunters. He pushed the thought aside and lifted his love into his arms, holding him close and something settled in his chest when Faraday rested his face in the crook of his neck. \"And I love you too ya Texican,\" Faraday muttered fondly and Vasquez just smiled as he stepped out of the house to re-join their group that was waiting for them. ","Summary":" A Different Approach The Magnificent Seven When two new bounty hunters decide to take a different a"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"Aime-Moi","Author":"HuntressDaugher","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12442634","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is the result of listening to \"Sunrise\" from In the Heights after watching Mag7 again. Seriously, give it a listen and tell me it doesn't remind you of Goody and Billy. For 8OrangeMatilda8 for being an awesome reviewer and inspiring me to keep going with my long-fic...which I keep procrastinating because of things like this. Most of the French is translated by Goody and Billy (which I did with Google). But for the two lines that aren't translated: J'aime-I love Jamais je ne t'oublierai-I will never forget you Disclaimer: I don't own Mag7. Four years Goodnight devoted to the Confederacy—four years and most of his hope of a peaceful life. He returned to Louisiana in the spring following Appomattox only to have that last little bit of hope dashed as well, so he buried it with everyone else he'd loved. He floated it down the little creek behind his once beautiful home. He set it to flames with the rest of his life. Four years after Appomattox, all Goodnight had was his Cajun blood and a head full of memories from before with which he could ground himself. He spent his days riding between towns after a bounty and his nights remembering a time that would never be again. He wasn't good at bounty hunting. When he'd been raised to be debonair and gracious, when he'd been taught to let lines of poetry and prose flow from his mouth as easily as a 'how do you do,' and even after he'd spent four years of his life behind the barrel of a rifle, he struggled with the idea of blood money. The war had taken more than he'd ever offered, but he still clung to a little scrap of decency, that maybe, just maybe , he could still be better than what he'd been made into. He turned in whoever he'd caught, but he made note of the guilt that came with it because maybe he wasn't completely gone. And then, four years after Appomattox, Goodnight visited a bar in Texas, and there was Billy Rocks. 000 Usually it's Billy who is up and being productive in the morning long before Goodnight can even wipe the crud from his eyes. Goodnight hadn't slept, though, so it isn't a challenge to clear his mind. He presses a single kiss to Billy's bare shoulder and eases off the bed, congratulating himself when Billy doesn't stir. Sleeping Billy makes for a pretty sight, Goodnight thinks, with his hair down from its knot and scattered over the pillow and his face completely relaxed. Slipping on his britches, Goodnight smiles at Billy's sleeping form, pulls his suspenders over his shoulders, and slips out the door onto the balcony of their room. The West is beautiful, and though it is not home, Goodnight watches with endless wonder at the picture the sun makes, splaying reds and oranges across the sky, with fog rolling off the mountains they'll pass through today. He's so enraptured that he doesn't notice the door opening and closing behind him, and he jumps when arms snake around his middle. \"Teach me more,\" comes Billy's deep, soft voice next to Goodnight's ear, and then there's the weight of Billy's chin on his shoulder. Lost in Billy's unexpected, tender touch, Goodnight is quiet for a moment as he processes both whether he should step away from Billy's very public display and the request he'd made. It had started out as a way to pass time, teaching each other their respective foreign languages, until Goodnight proved to be nothing short of a horror with Korean, tripping over the words with his heavy Southern tongue. Now it's mostly Goodnight teaching Billy simple words in French—the only part of home he's ever gained the courage to share. He chooses to remain in Billy's arms and honor his request. \" Cheval ,\" Goodnight says, testing to see what Billy remembers. \"Horse,\" Billy answers almost immediately, pressing his face into Goodnight's neck, and Goodnight grins both at the hot breath and that Billy remembered. \" Bouche ?\" Billy kisses Goodnight's neck, then up to his jaw, and when Goodnight's breath hitches, he feels rather than sees Billy's smirk. Goodnight tries to turn his head to meet Billy, but the other man retreats, moving his kisses to Goodnight's back, saying, \"Mouth.\" \" Toit ,\" Goodnight tries out of spite, knowing Billy gets it mixed up with 'three.' \"Roof,\" Billy answers without pause. Goodnight frowns, having been almost certain he'd catch Billy, and glares at the foggy mountains, now set against a yellow sky. Hoping to confuse him, Goodnight asks, \"Are you sure?\" \" Absolument ,\" Billy says, with a smile in his voice that Goodnight knows means he's pleased with himself. The show-off. But Goodnight smiles too. French and his Cajun blood are all he has left of home; even if Billy doesn't miss Korea, he's perfectly aware Goodnight misses Louisiana, and Goodnight can't help the warmth that comes from Billy honoring that. \" Tristesse ?\" \"Sadness.\" Billy's voice lowers, and he tightens his grip around Goodnight's middle. ' Tristesse' is a word they know well and one Billy is an expert at keeping at bay. \"Try new ones.\" Fingers interlocking with Goodnight's, Billy returns to nuzzling his neck, and Goodnight closes his eyes. He doesn't really know what he and Billy are besides illegal, yet he isn't exactly complaining; after four years, he didn't think he'd ever find anything close to this again, the comfort and safety Billy brings. They shouldn't be doing this, not out on the balcony where anyone walking by could see, but frankly, Goodnight can't care less if anyone walked by. He's already seen Hell, and now he has Billy, and that's all that matters. \" Aime-moi ,\" Goodnight whispers, bracing himself for the backlash. Maybe it's a question, or maybe he's just begging. Perfectly intelligent, Billy's heard Goodnight's ' j'aime' s to whatever he was feeling particularly fond of at the moment and his singing of ' jamais je ne t'oublierai' from overwhelmingly melancholy memories; if Billy puts any thought into the phrase, he'll be able to figure it out. Billy pulls away, silent as he pieces together what it could mean, and Goodnight feels his stomach drop at the loosening of Billy's grip. Goodnight holds his breath as Billy, eyebrows knitting together, fully removes his arms from around him while spinning Goodnight to face him. His mouth opening and closing twice, he finally murmurs, \"Love me?\" Goodnight takes in Billy's eyes, cautious, uncertain, but…is it hopeful? He takes in Billy's eyes, his tense mouth slightly open in surprise and question, and sees Billy holding the exact same breath. He can't bring himself to say a proper 'I love you,' not for all his flowery language and charm, but he does manage, \"Perhaps I do.\" For exactly nine poundings of his heart, Goodnight waits for Billy to make a move: for him to push away and storm off, because they weren't in love, that wasn't what this was. But when Goodnight's hands search for Billy in their sleep, when they share lingering smiles over trivialities, when Billy, spread out and writhing, his fingers tangled in Goodnight's hair, sighs 'Goody' in that tone —it can't just be nothing. On the tenth beat, the uncertainty diminishes in Billy's eyes. \"How do you say 'kiss me?'\" \" Embrasse moi ,\" Goodnight just manages to say before Billy has taken hold of his cheek and pulled him in, his lips cutting off Goodnight from saying anything else. Later Goodnight will probably be thankful Billy did this and didn't give him a chance to mess it all up. \"I'll stay,\" Billy murmurs against Goodnight's mouth. \" Je restari ,\" Goodnight answers, trying to pull Billy back to him before what Billy is saying fully hits him. Of course, Billy shouldn't be the one saying that. Goodnight always tries to ease his guilt by telling himself that he comes back and that he hasn't left Billy for any length of time recently, but he's done enough to put the fear there. Goodnight draws Billy closer, removing any space that was left between them, and lets his fingers rake through Billy's loose hair, wondering how he could have ever left in the first place. \" Je restari ,\" he repeats firmly. And then they've lost themselves in a flurry of needy hands and begging mouths and jumbled French words. When they trade the sunrise and balcony for the dim hotel room, Goodnight has no idea, but he has Billy, and that's what matters. Four years after Appomattox, when Goodnight visited a bar in Texas, when he'd seen Hell and lived through it to have no one and nothing, he thought he was going after a bounty. But four years after Appomattox, Goodnight walked out of a bar with Billy Rocks. ","Summary":" This is the result of listening to \"Sunrise\" from In the Heights after watching Mag7 again. Serio"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"Let Sleeping Ones Lie","Author":"HaloFin17","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12789115","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: Mama always said to let sleeping babes lie. Slice-of-life oneshot set some months after Rose Creek, in the happy AU where everybody lives and nobody dies. Heavy on the friendships, but no slash intended. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I own zero out of these seven characters and all things relating to them. So sad. Author's Note: I totally meant to see the new \"Magnificent Seven\" when it first came out, but alas, it didn't happen until this past Christmas. I fell in love with these seven unique characters, and to me, the saddest part of all was that most of them died before their budding friendships could truly blossom. So indulge me in a little AU here, where the Seven still live and have had the time together that they deserve. Enjoy! Let Sleeping Ones Lie They've been in this town a couple of days and will move on in the morning. At first light, Sam's already told them, even if it means that a certain hungover someone gets dragged out of bed by the hair and tied to his own saddle. They can't afford to lose any more time in pursuit of their next quarry. For now, however, the Seven are gathered for dinner around a table at the inn where they will soon spend their second night. Sam Chisolm's men take full advantage of these home-cooked meals whenever they can come by them – with one exception. Vasquez, from his usual place beside Faraday, nudges the Irishman with his elbow. \"Hey, mira al niño. \" They all follow his nod to look at Red Harvest. It's no surprise that the youngest member of the group isn't joining in their meal. He's sitting atop a barrel behind Horne, just outside the little circle of their table, and leaning against a wooden support beam. What shocks all of them are his closed eyes. It might be a trick, either of the light or of the Comanche's own wiles; but Red's normally proud shoulders are relaxed, and his breathing light and even. \"Well, I'll be damned,\" Goodnight breathes in amusement. \"Leave him be,\" Sam breaks in quietly, recalling the time someone slipped a cockroach down the back of his neck after he'd inadvertently dozed off. He still isn't sure if it was Faraday or Goodnight. Sure enough, on the other side of the table, Vasquez and Faraday exchange disappointed looks, and only the good Lord knows what sort of cruel device they already have in mind. \"You're no fun, Jefe .\" The Mexican outlaw pouts like a deprived child, but Sam ignores him like a practiced parent. \"Boy rode hard all through the night to scout out our next target, which is more than any of you've done in the past twenty-four hours. Let him sleep.\" \"Still, this has gotta be the first time Red's ever slept inside ,\" Faraday observes. \"Hell, I hardly see him sleep as it is.\" It's true, the kid can be downright reclusive if he so chooses, despite traveling day and night with six other men. \"You just sleep longer than he does, Cabrón , so you never see him,\" laughs Vasquez, and the others join him. The gambler waves off his friend's comments and turns back to Chisolm, only half-joking. \"You gotta stop working him so hard, Sam, or you'll run him right off the team – and then I'll be stuck with all of Horne's awkward bonding moments.\" Not that Faraday minds those moments. Not really, but it's nice knowing that the almost-fatherly attentions can be redirected toward someone else if he needs a break. And Horne has managed to connect with both young men in his own way, as unlikely as it might seem. The tracker himself speaks up then. \"It's a sign of trust that he's able to sleep here. Never woulda caught him doing that back in Rose Creek.\" \"He doesn't still think you're gonna scalp him, does he?\" Faraday huffs. \"Face it, Horne, he trusted you least of all in the beginning.\" \"Jack is no more likely to scalp Red than the other way around,\" Goody interjects, sounding a little weary himself. It's not easy being the voice of reason when their half-drunken Irishman gets on a roll. \"Red learned to trust us long ago,\" Billy observes. \"It's others he has to worry about now.\" His colleagues can fill in the rest of the blanks themselves. Although they're all outsiders in one way or another, Billy and Red Harvest attract the most conspicuous stares in every town they pass through. Red must know by now that his newfound friends would never harm him after all they've been through together; but the same cannot be said of the other men they encounter in their travels, most of whom wouldn't think twice about putting a bullet between the Comanche's eyes, if given the opportunity. The Seven know this because some of them used to be the same way. \"You mean he trusts us to protect him,\" Vasquez says somberly, finishing Billy's thought aloud, and the realization renders all of them (even Faraday) strangely quiet. After all, it's one thing when someone trusts you not to hurt them; it's a different level altogether when they trust you to protect them from someone else, even at the risk of your own well-being. For Red Harvest to doze off in a public gathering place like this, his trust in them must have reached that second level. Not to mention, he's probably very tired. The six men finish their meal in relative silence before gradually trickling off to bed themselves, until only Horne and Sam remain to keep watch over their sleeping youngest. \"Well, we can't leave him here all night,\" Chisolm decides at length. \"Time to wake him up.\" It takes only the gentlest nudge of Horne's elbow against Red's foot to rouse the warrior, whose surprise is evident even as he rubs the sleep from his dark eyes. Apparently, he didn't expect to fall asleep in that position, either. Sam suppresses a chuckle, looking on as Horne takes a drowsy Red Harvest by the shoulder and steers him outside into the night. Both men prefer to sleep on the outskirts of town at times like this, under the stars rather than under a roof; and even if they won't admit it yet, their two little camps creep closer and closer together with each stop. In the very beginning, when the lot of them first arrived in Rose Creek, loyalty toward Sam Chisolm was the common ground that bound them together or prevented them from turning against one another. And when he considers the various, more creative methods which some of his comrades might have used to wake Red Harvest that evening, Sam realizes he's still the one protecting these men. Both from the outside world and from each other. ","Summary":" Summary: Mama always said to let sleeping babes lie. Slice-of-life oneshot set some months after Ro"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"Miedo de Olvidarte","Author":"AleexCarrera","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12913433","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Espero alguien disfrute esta pequeña historia en español de este bonito ship, se que los fanfics de ellos son usualmente en inglés pero quería compartirles algo en mi idioma, disfrutenlo 3 El andar del caballo color marrón rompía el silencio del amanecer. El molino giraba lentamente ante la brisa de las primeras horas del día. Era un día especial, pues se cumplían cinco años desde que Sam Chisolm junto a sus seis compañeros había salvado a aquel querido pueblo. Ahora solo vivían tres de aquellos siete magníficos, y solo uno se encontraba solitario desde el día de aquel combate. Vásquez seguía cabalgando, atravesando el angosto camino que dividía los edificios del pueblo hasta llegar a la iglesia. Dejó a su amigo atado a una viga al costado del templo del señor, y se encaminó al lugar detrás de aquel lugar, más allá del cementerio, hasta llegar a las cinco cruces que conmemoraban a los héroes del pueblo. — Me alegra volver a verlos… — dijo el mexicano mientras se retiraba el sombrero de la cabeza. Bajó la vista para leer cada nombre que se encontraba en las cruces, y su respiración se detuvo por un instante cuando llegó a la única que le seguía importando. \"Joshua Faraday\" Vásquez de arrodilló ante aquella cruz, dejando una linda flor que había encontrado en el camino, y justo al lado depositó un puro, como los que solía fumar su amante. — Mi güero… no sabes cuánto te extraño… — comentó con sinceridad, esperando que, de una forma u otra, Joshua lo estuviera escuchando desde donde estuviera, si es que aquellas cosas existían. Era ilógico, absurdo e inútil seguir aferrado al fantasma de aquella persona con la que compartió siete días de su vida, pero él no controlaba sus sentimientos, y Faraday había descongelado el rechazado y gigoló corazón del mexicano. Aun recordaba su primer encuentro, cuando Chisolm los había presentado en el lago al reunir a todo el equipo, listos para seguir el camino hacia Rose Creek. El momento donde se cruzó con aquellos ojos verdes por primera vez, su primera plática y el patético término de \"texicano\" que le puso el güero. — Vengo a contarte algo que tal vez no te guste… No lo sé, no fuimos nada… ni somos nada, pero siento que te debo una explicación — habló el mexicano, acomodándose en el pastizal frente al recuerdo de su amante. — Conocí a una chica… güera igual que tú, es linda conmigo… y creo que es hora de que pueda conocer a alguien que me desespere y me provoque como tú lo hacías… — rió con nostalgia. Recordó aquella noche donde las insinuaciones de besos y caricias se volvieron realidad, aquella velada en la noche antes de la batalla, donde sucumbieron a sus deseos carnales, pues a fin de cuentas al otro día era probable que no sobrevivieran ante la lucha contra Bogue. Lo hicieron en el establo, sobre el montón de heno suelto que yacía en el piso. Nunca se dijeron que se querían, mucho menos que se amaban, porque ninguno estaba seguro que eso fuera lo que ellos sentían, pero Faraday se deshizo en los labios del mexicano, se volvió loco ante el contacto que surgía con su cercanía, que no hizo faltar decirle que aquello se sentía tan bien y tan correcto, que deseaba seguir haciéndolo durante el resto de su vida. Las piernas de Vásquez rodeaban la cintura de Joshua para acercarlo más hacia él, para no perder el contacto que tenían sus caderas. No estaba seguro de cuanto había durado el encuentro, pero el mexicano lo recordaba como una ardiente eternidad donde su cuerpo experimentó lo que era estar en el paraíso. — Una parte de mi necesitaba venir a contártelo, a pedirte permiso para sacarte de mi vida y solo tenerte como un bello recuerdo… pero tengo miedo de olvidarte mi güero… — una lagrima bajó por la mejilla de Vásquez al recordar la batalla. Aquellos recuerdos eran dolorosos, era como vivir aquella lucha una vez más. El tiroteo, su herida en el brazo, su preocupación por Joshua cuando no lo encontraba en la multitud, y su coraje cuando tenía que proteger la espalda de su amante. Pero lo doloroso llegaba cuando el recuerdo de Faraday montado a caballo, cabalgando hacia la ametralladora, regresaba a su mente de manera cruda y sangrienta. Aquellos disparos que recibía su amante, aquella escena donde lo observó caer, y lo peor, cuando volaba en mil pedazos. En ese momento no pudo llorarle, pero después de cinco años, frente a aquella cruz que recordaba a Joshua, Vásquez dejó que las lágrimas recorrieran su rostro. — Si no fuera por ti, probablemente todos hubiéramos muerto… — volvió a hablar el mexicano mientras se limpiaba las lágrimas con el antebrazo. — Y te lo voy a agradecer toda la vida, pero debo dejarte ir… no puedo seguir aferrándome cuando ya no existes en este mundo… y de verdad lamento que te hayas ido sin antes… sin antes decirte… — el sentimiento se acumulaba en su pecho y subía hacia su garganta. Recordó aquel sueño, donde yacía al costado de Faraday totalmente desnudo, después de hacer el amor. Mientras él se quedaba dormido le había parecido escuchar algo de boca de su güero, pero hasta ese día no había comprendido lo que decía. — No tienes idea de cuánto te amo… — confesó Joshua, para después besar la mejilla del mexicano. — También te amo… — contestó Vásquez ante su recuerdo. —También te amé… —. ","Summary":" Espero alguien disfrute esta pequeña historia en español de este bonito ship, se que los fanfics de"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"So Ends This Day","Author":"Crystal Rose of Pollux","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12328281","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Notes: I basically wrote this because Lee, my favorite of the Seven, deserved so much better than the fate he received. And that's why fix-it fics like this were invented. Also the character of the doctor is totally meant to have been played by David McCallum . The last thing Lee had recalled was a searing pain blossoming from his shoulder as he slumped against the wall. He had accepted that he had, at last, met the bullet that had been faster than him. And though the darkness descended upon him, the pain in his shoulder did not fade. He could hear the fighting still going on around him—the shouts and shots that reminded him so much of the war he had desperately fled from. The sounds did not quiet. The release did not arrive. This was not what he had been expecting. Death was taking its own sweet time with him. As time went on and the shouting and shooting subsided, fatigue and blood loss were soon beginning to drag him deeper into the darkness. And that was when they started appearing before him—one by one, the dead enemies of his past, emerging from the darkness, glaring at him, just as they did in his nightmares. No… No, not this! he mentally screamed. Not again! I thought I was going to be free from this…! Only the dead are without fear… Wasn't that what the villagers had said? A fresh wave of fear gripped at him as the specter of Calvera himself now pushed past the others, sneering at him. \" What will you do ?\" the vision taunted. \" Join us? Or return to your miserable existence, full of fear, always looking over your shoulder ?\" Lee's heart pounded faster, and, somewhere in the waking world, he heard Chico yelling— \"He's still alive! Lee's alive !\" And in his vision, Lee stumbled backwards from the crowd of spirits, still staring him down. \" Your fears will still haunt your waking hours ,\" Calvera taunted. \" You will return to an existence as lonely as before, always running from those who will want your title as a master gunfighter. Surrender your title now, to my man who shot you, and join us. Three of your comrades already did .\" Behind Calvera and the crowd of enemies, he saw footprints in what seemed to be shadowy sand, heading in the direction of a doorway of light off in the distance. Following the direction of the prints, he could see Britt walking away, with Harry discernable further off in the distance; as Lee stared, he saw Britt turn back and meet his gaze. Britt didn't say a word; he just shook his head, turned around again, and continued toward the doorway as Harry vanished through it. \" What will you do ?\" Calvera asked again. Only this time, it sounded less like a taunt and more like a piercing question—one that Lee knew he would have to answer before the decision was made for him. From somewhere else, he could hear Chris's voice. \"Lee!\" he barked. \"Lee, wake up!\" Lee stumbled backwards some more from Calvela and the ghost crowd, wincing as the pain in his shoulder grew with each step. Chris's voice was getting louder, as well—still ordering him to wake up. Though the specters all hissed and jeered at him, daring him to stay, Chris was tenacious, refusing to accept his silence. Though it seemed to be a Herculean effort, Lee opened his eyes, suppressing a whimper as a fire continued to spread in his shoulder wound. He let his gaze wander, taking in the faces of concerned villagers looking back at him, with one of them pressing a cloth to his wound to stop the bleeding. To his right, Chris was there; Lee attempted to say something, but Chris raised a hand to quiet him. \"Conserve your strength,\" Chris ordered. \"There is a doctor who travels around the area, giving medical aid to the villagers whenever he is here; Vin and Chico have gone to look for him. It may take some time, but they will do their best to bring him here to treat you and the other wounded.\" Lee exhaled slightly and gave Chris a questioning look. \"You, Lee, will do everything in your power to stay alive,\" Chris added. He indicated the villagers. \"You were willing to give your life for them; now they will look after you until the doctor gets here.\" If he'd had the strength, Lee would have likely commented on how that was a first; such kindness and concern were foreign to him—fear and revulsion were what he usually faced. And fear was, usually, what he felt. This… was a very pleasant change. Lee shut his eyes again, though still awake, silently ordering himself not to get used to it—someone like him simply couldn't afford to. There wasn't really much Lee could do other than rest and accept the care of the villagers. He quickly lost track of time, and was unsure as to how long he had been lying there, slipping in and out of consciousness. While awake, he could hear Chris and the villagers checking up on him; some of them applied herbs to his wound. But, while asleep, the same vision flickered in and out of his mind—Calvera and his other dead enemies, blocking the way to that strange doorway of light. But as time drew on and Lee felt his strength draining further, it was as though the doorway was moving closer. \" Give up !\" Calvera hissed. \" What do you think you will prove, continuing your miserable existence? Always running, always fearing an attack? Living in barns and shacks for outrageous prices because no one wants anything to do with you and the trouble that will always follow you? \" The crowd of specters now formed a circle around him, and the familiar sensation of ice-cold fear prickled down Lee's spine. No… Stay back … They paid him no heed, instead closing in around him further. \" We are doing you a favor ,\" Calvera smirked. \" Seize him! He will join us now !\" No! Please-! Their ghostly hands reached out from all directions. Lee's eyes shot open as a cry of fear left his lips; he had felt hands grasping at him, and could feel them now, even in the waking world. \"It's alright…\" a voice said. \"You're safe now.\" Lee glanced up to see a young, blond man he didn't know, but the man was holding a roll of linen bandages—the doctor that Chris had mentioned, no doubt. Villagers were standing close by, concerned by his shout. The blond gently tied off the bandages around Lee's chest. \"I am Dr. Muscovy,\" he said. \"They tell me that your name is Lee?\" Lee managed a weak nod. \"Well, Lee, you are a very lucky man; you've been given a second chance,\" Dr. Muscovy said. \"You spent a day and a half with that bullet in your shoulder. I've managed to get it out, and the wound will fully heal, thanks in part to the herbs these men and women treated you with—prevented the wound from getting septic. I recommend that you rest; you will find that it will heal more quickly. I shall return after looking after my other patients.\" Lee gave another nod and closed his eyes again as the doctor left and the villagers began to tend to him again. Heal quickly… and then what? Lee silently asked . Calvera was right; everything will go back to the way it was before—running solo, sleepless nights, and nightmares on those rare occasions I do sleep. I may have survived this, but there'll be another bullet faster than me out there, waiting for me. Some second chance . \"Lee?\" Lee opened his eyes to see Chris by his side again. \"Vin and I will be moving on,\" Chris informed him. \"But if you wish to travel with us, we will be willing to wait until you are able to leave.\" Lee shook his head. \"Don't let me keep you,\" he mumbled. He gave a rueful smile. \"Besides… I'm a bit of a hazard….\" \"That was never a concern of ours,\" Chris insisted. \"But if you wish to travel your own path, then far be it from me to stop you.\" He extended a hand, and Lee weakly took it. \"Farewell, Lee. Perhaps our paths will cross again one day.\" Lee nodded once more and Chris took his leave, with some of the villagers going to see him off; Vin stopped by a few minutes later to say goodbye, as well, and after they had left, Chico returned, announcing to Lee that he would be staying in the village—and that Lee would certainly be welcome to do so, as well. But Lee had already decided that he couldn't stay; after all, he had come here to protect the villagers, and his presence would draw other dangerous folk here. And every moment he stayed here was an opportunity to be tracked down. His old life would catch up to him soon, he knew. Rest, though recommended by the doctor, was not a luxury he could afford. It was after a few nights that Lee decided to take his leave—no announcement, no fanfare, just a chance to ride off into the night and use the cover of dark to find his next refuge. He'd left a letter for Chico—unsigned, but it would be clear to him who it was from. He clutched at his shoulder as he limped to where he had left his horse; he had just been undoing the reins when a voice behind him startled him— \"I thought I told you to rest !\" \"Dr. Muscovy…!\" \"Well, as long as you're up and about, come to my wagon—I want to see how that wound has been healing,\" the young doctor said, ignoring Lee's protests. Lee soon found himself reclined on the small bed in the back of the doctor's wagon as Muscovy tutted under his breath while he examined the young gunfighter. \"Well, it's healing,\" the doctor agreed. \"But I still think your departure is premature.\" \"I don't have much of a choice,\" Lee said, flatly. \"Look, Doc, I appreciate your concern, but I'm not the kind of man who can afford to stay too long in any one place.\" \"Very well,\" the doctor said. \"I am about to leave, as well, so there is little for me to do than tell you to look after yourself.\" Lee nodded, and he then picked up his shirt and went through the pockets, trying to scrounge up whatever coins he could find, having already used his $20 to pay his previous room and board. \"Look, this is all I have—take it as payment for… this. If you tell me where you'll be, I'll try to send you more, when I get it.\" \"…Did I ever ask for your money?\" Dr. Muscovy asked, half amused. \"My services in these rural villages are purely charitable! Those who can do so give me food—that's usually all I need to get me along my route back to the beginning. I also have some savings, and funds given to me by wealthier travelers I've helped along the road. So, even without pay, I can get by enough to help them.\" \"…Why?\" Lee wondered. \"I could ask you why you fought to defend these people.\" \"It was something I had to do.\" \"And my answer is the same. I took an oath,\" the young doctor said, simply. \"And I realized that my services would be of most use here—places where there are no other medical practitioners.\" He paused. \"I still recommend you stay and rest, but if you are determined to leave, I can't stop you. Are you headed anywhere in particular?\" Lee shook his head. \"I'll probably find some places to lay low until this shoulder fully heals, and then I'll be off to wherever the money is.\" Lee paused. \"I suppose you're returning back?\" \"No, my route takes me past the hills, further south,\" the doctor said. \"The hills?\" Lee repeated. \"Doc, you can't! The survivors of Calvera's men will be there—and they'll be hungry and desperate enough to attack you!\" \"Nevertheless, there are people past those hills—farmers and the like—who will need my aid. My route is regular; it's how these villagers knew that I was coming. Others will be expecting me.\" \"What are you going to do if you're attacked? Are you armed?\" Dr. Muscovy shook his head. \"No; I'll just bank on being able to outrun them,\" he said, simply. \"You can't…!\" Lee protested, trying to find the words. \"You can't risk going alone and unprotected!\" \"…Is this you volunteering your services to me?\" Dr. Muscovy asked, almost amused. \"I can't pay you, but I can offer you meals. …And it would allow me to supervise your shoulder personally for much longer.\" Lee gave him a hollow laugh. \"I'm the last person you want for that,\" he informed him. \"You'd just be trading one problem for another.\" \"I'm quite familiar with the lives of gunfighters, having treated many like you,\" the young doctor said. \"And I am aware of the risks involved. That being said, my invitation still stands.\" Lee exhaled. First Chris, the villagers, and now Dr. Muscovy—perhaps Calvera and the others were wrong… Perhaps he wouldn't be returning to the exact same thing as before… He had been given a second chance. Perhaps this was why? \"Look, ah…\" Lee said, at last. \"How 'bout I help you get past those bandits first and we'll see from there?\" \"Yes, I think that's a good place to start,\" the doctor agreed. \"Hitch your horse to the wagon, and we'll be off. I suggest you continue to rest in case there is a need for your aid. Hopefully, our journey shall be uneventful.\" Lee was about to do so, but then paused. \"There's one thing I should do first. Can you wait for just a few minutes?\" \"Certainly,\" Dr. Muscovy said. \"But be careful—don't overexert yourself!\" Lee nodded, slowly heading back into the village. He would say goodbye properly, he decided—give a farewell to Chico and thank the villagers who tended to him. And then he would head out with Dr. Muscovy—past the hills, and, perhaps… wherever else the road took them. Perhaps he could get used to this, after all. ","Summary":" Notes: I basically wrote this because Lee, my favorite of the Seven, deserved so much better than t"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"But the Snow's So Delightful!","Author":"Outsiders Obsessor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12310977","Passage":"[Chapter 1] But the Snow's So Delightful! Disclaimer: I do not own any of the canon characters; they belong to Columbia Pictures. Any of the OCs listed are mine and are part of my headcanon. Most of them, anyway… This AU is set around current times because my city had a snow day today and my friends and I had a few of these conversations ourselves this morning! I hope you enjoy! \" It's too early for this,\" Vasquez sighs as he hears his phone start playing \" I'm a Wanted Man\" by Royal Deluxe. Vasquez has gotten up at five in the morning to prepare for another day at the high school he and every other teen in his neighborhood attend. School starts at seven in the morning, but Vasquez has to get up at five because he has to share the bathroom with his younger brother Josué. In addition, Vasquez often takes quite a bit of time getting his clothes together for soccer practice or the dark-haired teen can be found doing some type of woodwork in his room. \"What does he want now?\" Vasquez mutters under his breath, going to pick his phone from the counter where it is charging. It's a text from Faraday. Just what Vasquez wants to hear the music for and see at five in the morning. Yeah, right. Vasquez is lying to himself and he knows it. Texts from Faraday at five in the morning are both extremely hyper and surprising due to the fact that on the weekends Joshua Faraday sleeps until close to one in the afternoon. Faraday: They still haven't cancelled school yet Vasquez: Why do you think they will, güero? Faraday: I'm bored Vasquez: You think they'll cancel school just because you're bored? Faraday: No! You respond too fast Vas The lack of punctuation in all of Faraday's texts makes the other high schooler cringe every time that song starts playing for Faraday's text tone. Vasquez: Then why should they cancel school? Faraday: Look out the window already muchacho Vasquez sends the shrieking cat emoji just as a bit of a funny before also sending the yellow face that looks like it's seen a ghost. He was trying to eat the breakfast his Mamá was preparing for him and Josué in the kitchen, thank you very much, Joshua Faraday. What he sees outside the window thoroughly surprises him. About four or five inches of snow actually covers the ground, a sight which is quite a shock. It hardly ever snows in their town, so when it does Faraday always makes a big deal about it and predicts school will close even when the forecast is wrong about the weather in their town nearly ninety percent of the time. Vasquez: It snowed. So what? Faraday: So what? It means we need out of school to have a snowball fight, ya big dummy! Vasquez: Somehow I don't think that's half as important as our education, güero. Faraday: When did you become such a stick in the mud? Vasquez: The day you became such a hopeless optimist about snow. Faraday: So Monday Vasquez: Yeah. On Monday. \"Vasquez, mijo, your food is getting cold in here!\" Isabella, Vasquez' mother calls from the kitchen as yet another round of \"I'm a Wanted Man\" fills the house with sound even over sound of Josué taking a shower in the bathroom. \"I'm coming, Mamá!\" Vasquez insists, pulling his soccer hoodie over his head as a slight chill hits him from pressing his face to the window. He comes up behind her, pressing a kiss to her cheek before accepting the plate of eggs, bacon, and pancakes and heading over to the kitchen table. \"Faraday's being his usual snow-hyper self,\" Vasquez answers the unasked question as his Mamá pours him a glass of orange juice to go with his breakfast. \"Gracias.\" \"De nada, mijo. What is he saying now?\" Isabella laughs, knowing just how much her oldest son and Faraday seem to joke around with each other in all the years they've known each other. The two of them met when they were three years old on the day Vasquez and his family moved into the neighborhood and right next door to Joshua Faraday and his mother Mary. Joshua's father Malcom died when Joshua Faraday was only six months old, so the boy had never gotten able to have any male bonding before Vasquez and the other boys moved into the neighborhood through the years since his mother's side of the family lived in California which is so far away. \"He's saying that school should be cancelled for today because of the snow. And because he's bored,\" Vasquez clarifies before shoveling a few bites of pancakes into his mouth between his words. \"You know, the usual,\" Vasquez smirks, and to that his Mamá just laughs her pure and soothing laugh. \"Oh, Joshua. That boy never gives up, does he?\" Isabella grins, pressing a soft kiss to the top of Vasquez' head as she goes to grab a second glass from the cabinet to fix Josué a glass of orange juice for when her youngest child finally gets out of the shower. \"No. It's a scary thing sometimes,\" Vasquez jokes, his dark brown eyes lighting up as he teases his best friend even though Faraday is not there to defend himself. \"He's like you are, mijo. He's a strong boy who fights for what he believes in,\" Isabella grins, running one hand through Vasquez' fluffy hair. A text tone shatters the air before Vasquez has the time to respond and he sighs in fake annoyance. \"Ay, yi, yi! Does he never quit?\" Vasquez mumbles, taking a swig of his orange juice before reading the no doubt snow-hopeful Faraday's text. Faraday: I'm making a group text to ask everyone 'bout what they think the snow's gonna do Vasquez: Fine by me. Why did you text me that? You could've just made it. Faraday: Why are you so hard to please today? Vasquez: Maybe because it's only five in the morning and I'm trying to eat the breakfast my Mamá made for me in peace? Does that answer your question? Faraday: Don't act so pushy. I still haven't told Maria what you told me after all Again, the lack of punctuation makes Vasquez sigh as he types back a reply to Joshua. Vasquez: And you never will if you know what's good for you, Faraday. To accompany this text and get his point across, Vasquez sends a fist followed by a yellow face with a black eye that Billy found online a few weeks ago. Vasquez: That will be your fate if you tell her, güero! No one would tell Maria about Vasquez' crush on her before he was ready to tell her himself. And that meant that Vasquez has to constantly threaten Faraday about not spilling the secret, particularly to Goodnight and Billy. Those two and Faraday combined were the worst secret keepers combined, even worse than the gossiping girls in the movies the boys have watched with Emma, their neighbor across the street. A secret only stayed a secret for about two hours with them and then the whole school would know of the secret within a single class period. It's how the school- and Vasquez himself- had learned that Emma likes Matthew Cullen, the tall, blue-eyed boy from Emma, Vasquez, and Billy's third period Biology class that Emma is partnered with per the teacher's seating chart. Goodnight: Well, that escalated quickly. Vasquez feels like banging his head against the table but restrains only because his mother is in the room over the stove and he does not want her worrying that he passed out and then burn herself on the stove as a result. Vasquez: I thought you said you were going to start the group chat. Faraday: Yeah as in I already made it Vasquez: We need to teach you to use your words better, güero. This is why you need an education. Goodnight: The opening shots have been fired… Faraday: Easy hotshot. Everybody here? Sam: Yeah, I'm here. It's too early to hear you two shoutin' at each other. Faraday: We're textin' so it's not like ya can hear us Sam. Sam: No. Just imagine your bickering is all. Red Harvest: I'm here. Red Harvest: Snow is on my yard. Red Harvest: It's cold and wet. Red Harvest: I don't like it. Those four texts are enough to make Vasquez laugh to himself as he sends a crying laughing face into the group message, enjoying hearing the Minnesota native say something as funny as that. Surely the youngest of their group had seen his fair share of snow living that far north. Then again, maybe he hated it because of how much of it he saw up there. Billy: Billy is here. Again, Vasquez laughs and send the face, along with everyone else in the group. Even though it is not necessary to type his name in a conversation, Billy Rocks always does, most of the time forgetting that his name is in his friends' phones. He had never had friends who cared enough to save his number in their phone before moving to their neighborhood three years ago when he was thirteen. Jack: Let's get this talk started, Faraday. Vasquez: Yes. I'd like to get back to my schedule. Faraday: Do ya think school will be cancelled? Sam: Probably not. Goodnight: They're slow decision makers. They're probably just takin' their sweet time. Vasquez: Like you? Goodnight: #ExcuseMe? Billy: Turn on your TVs. Faraday: Why? Jack: Yeah, why? Billy: Just do it. Billy: Don't question me. Goodnight: Yeah, don't question him. Billy then sends a text with a knife emoji before sending the yellow face with X eyes to everyone in the group text who is trying to defy his orders. That Billy could be a savage person sometimes. Red Harvest: SCHOOL'S CANCELLED! Red Harvest: I'M SO HAPPY! Red Harvest: YOU HAVE NO IDEA! Jack: Thought you liked school. Red Harvest: I do. Red Harvest: Not in the cold. Faraday: What'd I tell ya, Vas? Vasquez: SO IT LOOKS LIKE I STUDIED UNTIL 11 FOR BIOLOGY POR NADA! Sam: Well now you have more time to study. :D Goodnight: Well, it looks like our snow dance worked, Faraday! Faraday: Good thing, too! I didn't do none o' my homework. Goodnight: Me neither. Sam: I'm ashamed to know both of you. I did all my homework like Vasquez, Horne, Billy, Emma, and Red Harvest. Faraday: How do ya know all of them actually did their work? Sam: We were talking at 10:30 about the benefits of aerobic respiration. Vasquez: Nothing you know about, güero. Faraday: Bio nerds. That's why Goody and I take Chemistry. Goodnight: Much easier. Red Harvest: You just say that because neither of you did well enough in the Biology course our first year of high school. Faraday: True that, Red. Billy: My snow dance worked, too. Vasquez: You did a snow dance? Billy: Yes. Faraday: What'd ya do? Spin around in a circle waving your arms around slowly sayin' \"Snow! Snow!\" Billy: Yes, actually. Goodnight: What a merry band we are. Faraday: Guess Emma'll be mad she don't get to see Matthew today… Emma: Faraday, I will personally come across the street and punch you in the face. Faraday: Good morning to you too, Ms. Sunshine and Rainbows. Vasquez: Well, then I'm going back to sleep. Sam: Me too. Faraday: Come on, guys! Don't cha want to go and *playing card emoji* in the snow? Red Harvest: What? Emma: I'm confused. Billy: Me, too. Faraday: Must you make this so hard? I asked who wants to go play in the snow! Hence the playing cards! Goodnight: You're a mess, Faraday. Faraday: It was never about the cards. Everyone soon stops answering Joshua Faraday to make their way back to bed where they can sleep in a few extra hours since there is no school for the day. Though everyone is sure they will just hear back from him later… He is insistent on playing in the snow even if it is just an inch or two of the white precipitation outside. Vasquez tells his mother that school is cancelled before he finishes his food and heads back towards his bedroom. \"Josué! ¡No escuela hoy, mi hermano!\" Vasquez shouts through the bathroom door at his brother, knowing that the fourteen year old freshman wouldn't believe him otherwise. \"¡Excelente!\" Josué laughs from inside the shower as he decides he can go back to sleep in his room as well and not have to worry about his Geometry test that was supposed to be today. With that, Vasquez heads into his bedroom, shutting the door behind him to block out the noise of the shower before he takes off his soccer sweatshirt, leaving him in his long-sleeved shirt that says Need. More. Sleep. in bold letters across his chest. The high-school soccer star climbs into bed before climbing underneath his dark green sheets to go back to sleep on this cold winter day. Right before he drifts back to sleep, Vasquez hears Josué get back into his own room as his younger ungracefully throws himself on the bed to go back to sleep. His brother has always made everything interesting, that's for sure… There is a bit of backstory required on the boys at this point where their true ages and story with the Magnificent Seven as Goodnight, Faraday, and even Vasquez' mother are apt to call the group of friends. Sam and Jack are the oldest in their group of friends at seventeen-years-old and are set to graduate this May. Sam moved into the neighborhood when he was four with his mother, father, and two sisters named Sally and Sarah. Jack came to the neighborhood just a few weeks before kindergarten with his father and older brother who was nine at the time. It's safe to say that Jack and his older brother Caleb despised one another, because you could always hear Caleb yelling at Jack on their way to school. All it took was one day of Sam, Faraday, and Vasquez standing up to Caleb on the playground one day with rocks in their hands ready to pelt the older boy. Fortunately, Caleb moved away after his high school graduation to live in Oklahoma with their uncle and play football for a scholarship. Jack honestly doubted that Caleb would get kicked out sooner or later due to his grades and terrible track record with every school he has attended. Caleb seems to get into a fight with someone at every school he has gone to. Sam lives across the street from Vasquez and next door to both Jack and Emma, respectively. Emma had lived in the neighborhood all her life, so she and Faraday have known each other since before either one of them can even remember. She and Joshua have formed quite the sibling dynamic with one another, and there had at once been a rumor going around school that they would start dating after two months in high school. Neither Joshua nor Emma had any intentions of making this rumor come true, perfectly content with just their friendship and sibling relationship they seem to have. Vasquez and Joshua became best friends nearly instantly upon meeting when they were three years old and played cowboys and Indians in Vasquez' backyard as their mothers talked about anything and everything. Vasquez, Faraday, Emma, Goodnight, Billy, and Red Harvest are all sixteen years old and are currently Juniors in high school, set to graduate next year after Sam and Jack leave Crow Land High School to go off to college. Though, to be honest, the college of their choice is only about an hour away so they can come back every weekend and spend time with their families and best friends. (Who are practically their brothers, anyway.) Goodnight moved to the neighborhood when he was eight, a timid boy whenever the subject of gunfights was brought up. Goodnight Robicheaux had grown up with a father in the military, and Goodnight and his mother had to move with his father around the world where he fought in wars. That meant more often than not Goody heard the noise of gunfights, cannons, and even tanks as he tried to sleep in the quarters he and his mother were assigned when his father was at battle. However, with his positive and healthy relationship with the Magnificent Seven and Emma, Goodnight has become loud and boisterous once more, always insistent on throwing his own two-cents in even if it is not asked for. Red Harvest came into the neighborhood when he was ten years old, and when they first met, none of the boys thought he was going to talk. They soon found out that Red Harvest likes to observe both people and situations before he offers his opinion and insight to the group. After they got used to his silent personality, the other boys got well accustomed to having the Native American boy in their mix. His mother and father were descendants of the Comanche tribe, meaning that he was as well. Sam, Vasquez, Faraday, Jack, and Goodnight made sure to not let any prejudices get to Red Harvest, especially during history class. If anyone EVER threatened the boy that the group considered to be the youngest brother… Let's just say it never ended well. One time Faraday ended up in the office with a bloody nose and Vasquez was right there along with him with a split lip and a massive headache when they beat up Bart Bogue. Billy came to the neighborhood and moved into the house between Goodnight and Red Harvest when he was thirteen. Since they were now so close to Billy, none of the boys thought it was weird that Billy was a very quiet kid. It was also not surprising since Billy went from foster home to foster home until a Korean couple from America who could not have children of their own adopted him and brought him to the neighborhood they had picked out for their new home. Goodnight had formed a strong bond with Billy right off the bat, because Billy knew what it was like to live in the middle of a war zone with almost no real friends to speak of. They've had a silent vow to protect one another since the first day they met. Billy is the only one who knows about Goodnight's haunting dreams, and Goodnight is the only one who knows about the real reason Billy types his name in every group chat in fear the others have deleted his name from their contacts. Another text wakes Vasquez up around 8:45 and it solicits a groan from the teenage boy in question. Faraday: Why are y'all so boring? I've been waiting to play in the snow for HOURS! Vasquez: You didn't go back to sleep, güero? Faraday: No. Sleep is boring The text is short and straightforward, and it makes Vasquez blow air through his nose before he tries to think of a response. Sam beats him to it. Sam: You won't die, Faraday. Red Harvest: Enjoy the quiet things in life sometime. Jack: Amen to that, brother. Faraday: Am I gonna have to come out and drag your sorry butts out the door again like two years ago? Goodnight: I'll be out in ten minutes, Faraday. Billy: Give me fifteen. Faraday: That's more like it! Emma: Now who's being pushy? Faraday: But the snow's so delightful! Vasquez: I hate all of you right now. *emoji with tongue stuck out* They had gone back and made reference to the conversation he and Faraday had earlier this morning when Vasquez thought they were having a private conversation. Faraday: Well, in that case, I'll just tell Maria… Vasquez: You are so dead when we get outside. With the nerve only Joshua Faraday could possess, the blue-eyed card master- or cheater if you asked Vasquez- sends back just a three word message. Faraday: Bring it on. Challenge accepted. They reach outside Faraday's house about fifteen minutes, each of them clothed in about four or five layers of clothes to combat the frigid temperatures. (Except for Red Harvest who has on six layers to keep warm since he still does not like snow.) \"Glad to see ya finally showed up,\" Joshua Faraday smirks, sitting on the bottom step of his porch when his friends arrive in his yard. \"Well, you wouldn't shut up,\" Vasquez counters with a smile, making Faraday throw a snowball in his direction. Vasquez simply side-steps the snowball attack, and the freezing water ends up hitting Billy in the chest. The smile on Faraday's face slowly fades away as Billy turns towards him with a fire apparent in his dark brown eyes. \"You are going to wish you hadn't done that,\" Billy says in an even tone before he pulls a slingshot from behind his back and hurls a snowball towards Faraday. His shot is head-on and ends up hitting Joshua in the right eye. The blue-eyed teenager starts hopping about on one foot, stumbling over the last step of the porch and landing face-first in the snow at Sam's feet. \"Hey, Sam,\" Faraday cheekily grins, wanting to use the older boy as a shield. \"Get yourself up, Faraday. I'm not playing sides today,\" Sam admits, his mustache curling up as he smiles. \"Law and order, I say.\" \"That was funny,\" Billy deadpans before turning around and sling-shotting a snowball at Jack, only to have the taller teen catch the snowball in his hand. \"Everyone for his or her self!\" Billy calls out, diving behind a snowbank to take cover and build up his own arsenal. Faraday takes this challenge personally and launches a snowball at Vasquez, hitting the Mexican square in the jaw. \"Oops! I didn't see ya there, Vas,\" Joshua smirks as he tries to feign innocence. \"You won't be able to hide from me, güero!\" Vasquez roars, springing from his position next to Emma before running after Faraday, using his soccer training to his advantage. Vasquez sticks out one of his long legs and trips Faraday into the snow, sending the latter into a pile of limbs before he ends up on his back in the snow. \"Vas, no!\" Faraday shouts, seeing that deranged look in Vasquez' eyes that only spells trouble. \"SÍ,\" Vasquez smirks before grabbing two whole handfuls of snow. \"Payback is mine to serve!\" With that, Vasquez shoves the largest ball of snow into Faraday's face, numbing the brunette's lips and nose as the snowball makes impact. \"No more!\" Faraday pleads as he looks up at Vasquez with hope in his light blue eyes, hoping his plea does not fall on deaf ears. \"Lo siento, amigo,\" Vasquez grins wickedly, a plan forming in his mind. \"But I have not finished giving you ample punishment,\" he states simply before throwing the second snowball down Faraday's shirt, making the younger teen jump up and try to shake the snow out of his clothes. He fails. Miserably. \"You look like a cat trying to avoid a puddle,\" Red Harvest laughs, firing a snowball like an arrow to hit Jack in the chest. \"He does, doesn't he?\" Emma smiles, launching her own snowball at Faraday, this one splattering in his hair. \"What is this? Pick on Faraday day?!\" he demands, holding his hand over his heart to try and make his friends feel sorry for him. \"No, amigo,\" Vasquez admits, tossing a glance over at Goodnight. \"It's pick on the Joker day!\" Goodnight laughs, whirling around and smashing a snowball against Sam's mustache. \"Not the mustache, Goody,\" Billy giggles, actually giggles, before doubling over in laughter as Sam pelts Goodnight with round after round of snowballs. Somehow, Joshua and Vasquez end up back-to-back in the front yard of Faraday's house with Jack and Red Harvest closing in on them. \"Watch out!\" Faraday yells when Red Harvest aims near Vasquez' head, taking off Vasquez' red beanie in the process. \"Whoa! That's a red card! That's a red card!\" Vasquez shouts, ducking out of the way before rolling and standing back up on his feet once more. \"This isn't soccer,\" Red Harvest smirks before launching another snowball at Vasquez, this one hitting the Mexican in the nose and making him gasp for air momentarily. \"You guys take training way too seriously,\" he says, breathing harshly as the roll took a lot of his breath away. \"Go!\" Faraday commands once Vasquez is completely surrounded by Jack, Red Harvest, and Billy. Vasquez kicks out with one of his boot-clad feet, connecting with Jack's chest, an action which sends the older teen down to the ground clutching at his chest. Next, Faraday swings his arm and it clashes against Billy's slingshot with a harsh crack, breaking the slingshot in half. Pretty soon, Vasquez is able to disarm Red Harvest of snowballs, much to the young Comanche's surprise. Jack flings himself at Joshua, managing to thoroughly surprise the cowboy. However, learning from his earlier snowball fights with the Magnificent Seven, Faraday is able to sweep Jack's feet out from under the Texas native, resulting in Jack landing on the ground without his snowball arsenal in his hand. \"Wow! Did I just do that?!\" Faraday inquires in both shock and pride. He had never sent Jack Horne to the ground, as Jack easily had about fifty pounds and almost two inches on Joshua Faraday. \"Yes. That was really beneficial for once, güero,\" Vasquez praises before slinging his arm forward and hitting Red Harvest in the back as the young Comanche tries to hide for shelter near where Emma has taken cover behind a snow bank. A shouting voice soon interrupts the talk between Faraday and Vasquez and probably wakes up the rest of the neighborhood up in the process. \"AH! BILLY! HELP ME!\" Goodnight shouts out, sounding every bit tortured, causing Billy to turn around as if he were going into battle and had to avoid a bullet. \"SAM'S GOT ME IN A CHOKEHOLD! BILLYYYYYY!\" Goodnight screams his lungs out until Sam silences him by shoving his head in the snow, holding him by both the neck and by the grey beanie that sits on Goodnight Robicheaux's head. \"Excuse me, sir, I'm gonna need you to take it down like three more notches,\" Faraday quips as he helps Jack up from the ground in the process. Billy charges full force at Sam and tackles the second-oldest member of their group by the legs. He drives Sam backwards into the snow, making Sam cough as a bit of snow enters his nose. Sam smirks as Billy throws a snowball at him, just happy to spend a day like this goofing around with his friends that he has come to accept as part of his family. Only, when Billy's not looking, Sam launches a snowball and hits Billy in the leg, causing the Korean to fall down on the ground right next to Goody, landing on the Cajun's leg and causing him to scream a little as a piece of rock hits his ankle. \"Don't be such a baby, Goodnight,\" Jack teases gently, coming over and pulling Goodnight off the ground while Red Harvest extends a hand to help Billy up. Their snowball fight lasts for close to another three hours, only stopping when the boys and Emma get hungry and decide to go back to Vasquez' house for lunch. They end up ordering pizza with a collection of money from the eight friends as they sit in Vasquez' living room with practically a fort of blankets, pillows, and sleeping bags covering the floor and furniture. Goodnight and Billy share the same kind of pizza, Hawaiian to be exact, and they sit on the floor close to the fireplace that Vasquez' Mamá was kind enough to turn on for them when they all came back to the house in wet clothes due to the snow that stuck to them during their snowball fight. Vasquez and Faraday sit on the couch sharing a pepperoni pizza with Sam sitting next to them working on his third piece of Meat Lover's pizza that he and Horne were sharing. Red Harvest is sitting next to Horne with each teen taking up one of Vasquez' brown armchairs that are in the living room. The Comanche is eating his half of a pepperoni pizza he is sharing out of a box while Emma sits beside Billy and in front of Red Harvest while working on her half of the pizza. \"We still got plenty of bread left,\" Sam announces, looking in the bag while getting himself a second piece of garlic bread that the pizza place also delivers. \"Don't touch my bread,\" Billy speaks up from the fireplace as he finishes off his third piece of garlic bread and his second piece of Hawaiian pizza. \"Dude, there's like ten pieces left,\" Faraday comments, throwing a wadded-up napkin at Billy's head with a snicker escaping the Irishman's mouth. \"Should we watch a movie during lunch?\" Vasquez asks his friends as they continue to enjoy their snow day off from school. \"Josué and I have a whole collection of DVDs in that shelf next to you, Red Harvest,\" Vasquez continues as he points in the general direction of the movie cabinet. Red Harvest nods in understanding before he carefully opens the cabinet and starts to look through Vasquez' extensive collection of movies. \"This one looks good,\" Red Harvest soon announces, handing Goodnight the Shanghai Noon DVD to put in the DVD player near him. Goodnight just smiles, having seen this movie hundreds of times and slips the DVD in and soon Owen Wilson's and Jackie Chan's voices begin to fill the house, and it can be said that Emma fell asleep with the room being so calm and that Sam was not far behind her in falling asleep. Faraday stifled a few yawns since he was the only one who had not gone back to sleep after seeing school was closed for the day, but he stayed up out of his pure appreciation of the movie. After they watch another movie or two, the gang of high school friends decides to head to the hill that rests at the end of their neighborhood to go sledding. Sleds tucked under each of their arms, they make the climb up the hill, trudging as they reach the top. Almost as soon as they reach the top, Vasquez shoves Faraday down the hill without a sled, laughing like a maniac as the other watch with what could only be described as a mix of shock and horror. \"What? He slipped!\" Vasquez grins, but no one believes him for a second. Red Harvest mutters something quietly under his breath in Comanche, only to receive a curious look from a few of his friends as to what he is talking about. \"I said he'll be okay. He has a thick skull, after all,\" Red Harvest translates, making everyone laugh. \"How ya holdin' up, Faraday?\" Sam calls down the hill, barely seeing the tuft of Joshua's light brown hair due to the mountain of snow. \"So far, so good!\" Faraday shouts at the top of his lungs as he slides his body to the right to avoid a rock that is in his current path. The others laugh before they jump on their sleds and ride down after him, Jack being nice enough to pull Faraday on the front of his sled where Faraday can't do a faceplant further down the hill where the hill drops off. \"Not a bad way to spend a snow day, eh, güero?\" Vasquez calls over the howling wind as he pulls up beside Jack and Faraday on his own sled, the wind blowing through his fluffy, dark hair. \"SO FAR, SO GOOD!\" Faraday cheers before howling like a wolf as he jumps off of Jack's sled and on to his own as Vasquez sends the red and white sled towards Joshua. Author's Note: And there was my first ever Magnificent Seven Modern world AU and also my first full-length snow day fanfiction! As mentioned above, this was written mainly because I was out of school today on a snow day because we got…. Drum roll…. A whole two or three inches of snow! Yes, that's not a lot, but where I live it is a lot, especially because my school is the only open-campus high school which means we have to walk outside between all our classes to get to the different buildings. My sister's school was out as well because there was enough snow and ice to cover the ice and made it dangerous to get on the roads. So, I got up to get ready for school and the school board decided at the last minute- like I made Goody say- to close school and then I went back to bed like everyone in this story except Faraday after texting my friends for a while. And, yes, I was supposed to have a Biology quiz today that I studied for until 11 P.M. which is where Vasquez and the others got the result from. I hope everyone enjoyed, and I hope I added enough detail to the text messages, because it is the first time I have ever written texts between characters! As always, reviews are always appreciated, and they always make me smile. Thank you so much for your support, everyone, and have a good day, afternoon, or night depending on when you are reading it. P.S. Shout-out to my younger sister Madison for giving me some ideas on what the texts between the Magnificent Seven would say! ","Summary":" But the Snow's So Delightful! Disclaimer: I do not own any of the canon characters; they belong to "},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"Presents","Author":"The Emcee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12631081","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Presents Author: The Emcee Rating: T Pairing: Red Harvest/Joshua Faraday Summary: Contrary to popular opinion, Faraday wasn't as stupid as he acted. He knew when to say what and when to do what, and when it was a bad idea to make his very existence known. As such, he knew it would never be a good idea to piss off Red Harvest if at all possible. So when Red Harvest started bringing him small, dead animals every day, Faraday was more than a little confused. Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters or the fandom. A/N: I absolutely LOVED 2016's Magnificent Seven. I haven't enjoyed a good Western like that for quite some time, and I fell in love with the seven guys. And naturally, my fanfic brain got to thinking, and that's how I came up with this. It's male slash, so if you don't like, then don't read. If you do read, let me know what you thought by leaving a comment in the towel section down below. Enjoy! ~…~ Presents ~…~ Contrary to popular opinion, Joshua Faraday was not as stupid as he tended to act. He acted stupid, did stupid shit, and said stupid things because that got people to underestimate him, and that was always a good thing. While he was good with Ethel and Maria, he did enjoy having a little bit of an upper hand when he got into a scrap. Acting stupid allowed him to gage people, study them closely, see them for who they were without their guards up. Granted, he was still known for being a fast draw and accurate as hell. But there was a difference between hearsay and personal experience. After the whole Rose Creek situation was over and done with, and Faraday would never stop being amazed by how the whole gang survived and were up and running roughly two months after the fight, the seven of them decided to stick together for a little while. Faraday didn't have any living relatives and as he didn't really have a place to be, he remained with the group. In truth, they were all outsiders, outcasts, people with no real place in the world and nowhere to turn to. It just made sense for them to stick together like the ragtag group of misfits that they were. That didn't mean that he was entirely comfortable around them all yet. Faraday knew that if he pissed any one of the group off bad enough he'd be looking down the end of a barrel. But in all honesty, none of them worried him more than Red Harvest. The kid was quiet, kept mostly to himself, and was lethal with his bow and his tomahawk. While Faraday could, to a certain extent, predict how the others would react to whatever bullshit he spewed from his mouth, the same couldn't be said for Red Harvest. The Comanche wasn't particularly fond of white men to begin with, and whenever Faraday would crack a joke or say something loud and obnoxious, which was often, Red would send him a glare. At least, that's what it looked like to Faraday. Honestly, it seemed as though Red Harvest only had two expressions: angry and bored. It had been very clear from the get go that pissing Red Harvest off was not a very good idea for anybody to do. Faraday knew when to gamble it all and when to play it safe, and with the youngest member of the group, it was best to play it safe. And yet, when Red Harvest started dropping the bodies of dead animals down at his feet around the fire every evening, Faraday was completely flabbergasted. He had no idea why Red Harvest would all but throw a dead animal at his feet after he had got off hunting. It's not like the kid did it for everybody; Faraday was the only one who received such special treatment. After it had happened twice, Faraday blinked up at the kid dumbfounded and asked, \"What's that for?\" Red Harvest stared at him with a look that made Faraday feel as though he were being judged before answering, \"Food.\" Then, he turned and went off by himself, having always stayed away from the group but close enough that he would be able to alert them of any danger should there be any. Sam and Goodnight both chuckled at Faraday while Vasquez poked the animal, a rabbit, with a stick. \"Well, well, well, it seems as though you have an admirer, Faraday,\" Goodnight said before taking a bite of the beans Jack had cooked over their fire. Faraday finished chewing his spoonful before replying. \"What makes you say that?\" \"Why else would Red Harvest be sweet on you?\" Goodnight asked. \"Could be he thinks Faraday is helpless,\" Vasquez said, chuckling softly. Everyone else shared a laugh while Faraday scowled. \"I am not helpless,\" he bit out. \"Whatever you say, guero. But I'm not the one who screamed like a girl when a spider crawled across my lap the other day,\" Vasquez teased. \"Hey, that spider was bigger than my hand. Anyone of you would've done the same thing. And I did not scream like a girl,\" Faraday snapped. \"Sounded like it to me,\" Sam said. \"I have to agree,\" Goodnight added. \"Oh, shut up,\" Faraday grumble. He poked at the dead rabbit with his boot before asking, \"Anyone know how to cook rabbit?\" The sound of laughter echoed in his head all night long when he finally tried to get some sleep. Weeks went by and Red Harvest continued gifting Faraday with dead animals every night. Sometimes, he would even sit beside Faraday and cook them for him, never explaining himself or smiling. Hell, Red Harvest didn't even seem to notice the others laughing at them and sharing knowing looks, but Faraday noticed. It annoyed him and embarrassed him all at once. He wasn't a helpless child; if he wanted to, he could probably go out and kill something and cook it, but he didn't need to. Every night around the fire, there was always enough to go around. They all shared in their spoils of the day. Even when they were in a town for a few days, they sat and ate together just like they did at Rose Creek. Some things didn't change after the fight for that little town, and he didn't think they ever would. And then some things did change. The nightmares that had often plagued Faraday didn't occur as much as they used to since pairing up with the other guys. And whether they were in a town or out in the wilderness, he found himself relaxing easier, knowing that the others had his back if the need ever came. But the most drastic change was, of course, Red Harvest bringing him fresh kills whenever he hunted, which was almost every night. \"Has he mentioned why he does it to any of you?\" Faraday asked one night after Red Harvest had brought him some kind of lizard. He didn't know what it was called, but he sure as hell tasted better than having beans for the sixth night in a row. Not that he didn't like beans; he just liked variety. \"Unfortunately, our Comanche friend has not been forthcoming with his intentions,\" Goodnight said, the faintest tell of a snick in his voice. Faraday heard it though, and he immediately regretted bringing the topic up again. \"Maybe it's some kind of courtship,\" Billy offered, glancing up briefly before he turned his attention back to his plate. \"Sam?\" Faraday asked. The older male was the only one amongst them with some Comanche knowledge. \"All I know's the language. If you want specifics, you'll have to ask Red yourself,\" Sam responded. \"Just talk to 'im.\" Faraday wasn't sure if Sam was being entirely truthful or not, but he supposed he was right. Unless he actually asked Red Harvest about it, he'd never know. It was just working up the courage to do so. Red Harvest was still a mystery to him and he didn't want to have an arrow up his butt if he could help it. He waited until most of the others were sleeping, with Goodnight and Bill being the only ones awake at the fire. Faraday stood up and made his way over to Red Harvest, further away from the rest of them as usual, but close enough to be reachable. The Comanche was staring off into the darkness, watching, listening, as was his way. Faraday couldn't see any tell that said Red knew he was there, but he had a feeling that the younger man knew without needing to see. Faraday sat down on the rock beside him and gaze up at the stars for a moment, collecting his thoughts. He didn't want to sound stupid. Red Harvest understood English well enough, but Faraday didn't want to confuse him. With his hands clasped on his lap, he finally turned to look at Red Harvest. \"Why do you give me some of your kill?\" Faraday asked him. \"You don't hunt enough for the rest of the group unless we're runnin' low and Sam asks you to. So, why me?\" Red turned to him and studied him for a long moment. Faraday had to fight to not fidget under the intense gaze. Part of him was intimidated by it, but another part was intrigued. Faraday had to admit that the kid was good looking. Not that he'd ever tell him that, or anyone else as a matter of fact. If he did, Faraday would probably be ostracized from the group, and he didn't want that. Though he'd probably never admit it, this group was like his family, and if they kicked him out, he'd be left with nothing. Again. \"White men food is for dogs,\" Red Harvest answered him after what seemed like forever. \"You've said that plenty of times, but why hunt for me?\" Faraday emphasized the 'me' in his sentence. \"You are not like the others,\" Red Harvest said, as though that explained it all. Perhaps it did to someone who was smarter than Faraday. \"What does that mean?\" Faraday asked. \"You ask too many questions,\" Red Harvest said. \"Yeah, well, maybe if you'd stop speakin' in tongues I wouldn't have to,\" Faraday said without even thinking. Right after saying it he silently cursed himself. He was going to be sleeping with an arrow in his ass tonight for sure. \"Speak in tongues?\" Red Harvest replied. There was a glint in his eyes, one Faraday couldn't read, but unfortunately his mouth ran faster than his brain. \"It means you're not makin' any sense,\" Faraday explained. Red Harvest seemed to ponder that for a moment before he surged forward. Faraday startled for a brief second before he realized what was happening. His lips were being devoured by Red Harvest's. To say he hadn't been expecting that would be a great understatement, but it wasn't unpleasant. Truthfully, he liked the feel of Red's lips against his own. They were slightly chapped, but still soft, and warm. Better than any woman's he had ever kissed. And it felt…better somehow, if that made any sense. All too soon, Red Harvest pulled away from him and Faraday could make out satisfaction and triumph in his dark eyes. It was only then that Faraday noticed he was breathless and craving more. \"Did that make sense?\" Red Harvest retorted. Jack had been right when he had called the Comanche a little shit. \"I suppose,\" Faraday said after a moment's hesitation. He was still trying to wrap his around their kiss. \"I thought you didn't like white men?\" \"You are not like the others,\" Red Harvest repeated. Then he added, \"Your spirit is…different.\" \"Oh,\" Faraday said. \"And…you like that?\" \"Do you wish for me to speak in tongues again?\" Red Harvest countered. Faraday cracked a smile. \"I certainly wouldn't mind if you did,\" he said. \"You're quite good at it.\" For a second time that night, his lips were being smothered by Red Harvest's and he loved it. Faraday thoroughly enjoyed those lips caressing his own, that tongue dancing with his own, sure and swift and domineering every time. He spent the rest of the night beside Red Harvest. And if the others snickered and laughed when they woke up and saw Faraday cuddled by being the young warrior, he didn't pay them any mind. ","Summary":" Title: Presents Author: The Emcee Rating: T Pairing: Red Harvest/Joshua Faraday Summary: Contrary t"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"A Man and His Hat","Author":"DjDangerLove","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12305735","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Some days he's not sure who he is anymore. To the west, the horizon is stealing away the remnants of the sun, casting the merry band of them into a crescent-mooned night. They're strangely scattered, each of them so strewn across the landscape of jutted rocks that there's not even a decent place to center a fire. He reckons that was their intended goal and decides to forgo the fire altogether because hell if he does anymore for the ungrateful lot of them. Horne, bless him, must understand because he plops down beside him with a smoke rolled between his thick, extended fingers. \"Go on, now. Lord knows you need it with this bunch,\" he says while twisting himself comfortable on the rock face extended out over the valley below. Chisolm nods his gratefulness while pulling his hat from his head and discarding the posture of a man in charge. He wipes at his exposed brow, aware of the way his face looks younger without the coverage of a black brim, and takes the offered smoke. He waves away the light Horne proffers, choosing to study the cigarette in his hand instead. There are faint, crimson patches coloring the outside that almost make the skin of his fingers burn. \"Faraday's?\" He asks, almost tempted to give it back. \"Figured he wouldn't be needin' a couple for a day or so. Boy's about as good at breathin' as a mule under water,\" Horne replies, taking a drag from his own lit smoke. He coughs around the exhale, but he's unashamed where most men would be. \"I ain't never had a likin' for these things until I got myself mixed in with the likes of y'all. Don't worry,\" the tracker says, his tone changing so abruptly that it draws Sam's attention away from Faraday's blood-soaked cigarette. \"He's alright. Gave him some sleepin' aid and promised him a good bottle of whiskey when he's able. I left out the part about a good floggin' on my part. I like the element of surprise.\" Sam feels the corner of his mouth twitch upwards for the first time that day, but it feels tiring to do so. \"He still needs to learn the art of a fair deal,\" he agrees. \"Boy still thinks he earned that damned horse of his back, but everybody knows that horse ain't worth the lifetime of aches and the limp he got from that trick he done pulled up at Rose Creek.\" Horne nods his head, letting out a high pitched accord. \"But I do believe he was aiming to earn something more than just his horse back after that.\" \"Then what do you call what happened today? Far as I can tell, we ain't ever given him reason to think he's got to keep doing stuff like gettin' himself killed to be here,\" he counters, shoving the cigarette back at Horne like it's the noose that Bogue once tied around his neck. Horne barely tucks it back into his breast pocket as if expecting he'll be in need of it soon despite the one still hanging between his lips. It bounces when he replies, \"You ever wonder why you don't like taking off your hat?\" Sam pulls said covering from the ground beside him working his fingers around the brim. Something in this conversation is making him want it back on his head. \"I don't like to squint when the sun's out,\" he offers, but damn if it doesn't sound like something a man like Power Dan would say. \"Maybe not, but there's no sunlight and you were about to put it on.\" Chisolm wants to do something stupid like toss his hat aside or put it on despite himself, but Horne laughs all the same even when he remains still. \"Listen, you need a sense of power, a sense of control. That ain't something you get from killing a man like Bogue or wearing a hat, but you did that and are still doing the other.\" \"That ain't why I set out to-\" \"The hell it ain't. You tell them boys whatever you like, never show them that scar 'round your neck, or tell him how you prayed for their protection in that church the night before Bogue came. Makes no difference to me, because I know.\" Horne says, nodding his head like he's got a whole congregation agreeing with him. \"Point is, you need your hat because without it you think them boys will see you as somebody who's not in control or a position of power. You're afraid of 'em lookin' at you as more than their leader, 'cause the last time somebody did, you couldn't protect them.\" Sam's fingers tighten around the brim of his hat and he can almost see the way his father did the same thing many years ago with worry and desperation. \"Faraday…he's the same way. Kind of. He ain't never had nobody give two shits about him, so he can't imagine why this lot would. He's got to earn it, like he's earned everything else. Those cards of his and, Heaven help us, luck that's… his hat if you will. Without it, you might consider him somebody else and that scares him more than dyin' does.\" Sam's hat feels heavy in his hands like how he used to imagine it would feel as a child watching his father wear it, much too big for him now. There's a silence that settles around them, the kind that came when Horne knelt by his side in the church and prayed for their makeshift family. It's only broken up by the sound of wolves howling for each other in the depths of the night. He glances over at Horne, fingers doing one more pass over the brim of his black hat before tossing it to the older man. \"Can I have that smoke back?\" Horne seems a little surprised, whether at the fact that he's actually gotten through to one of them with his words or Sam giving him his hat, Chisolm isn't sure. He retrieves the smoke quickly though, so he believes it's the latter. He finds Vasquez not where he'd last seen him. He's laid back alongside an overhang above Faraday, not so high so that he can't jump down to aide the gambler, or strangle him one. The outlaw waves at him, the scuff of his boots giving away his approach. Sam nods back, glancing down at a sleeping Faraday, the man he'd truthfully been looking for, settled among two bedrolls, one looking a lot like it belongs to the outlaw. Chisolm raises an eyebrow at the man dangling his legs above him. \"Ah,\" Vasquez grunts dismissively with a wave of his hand, his face a picture of his normal joviality despite the Spanish curses that flew from his mouth earlier that day. \"He doesn't make sense so much, you know. Have to overlook it.\" \"Is that so?\" Sam asks, tilting his head back a bit more to peer up at the younger man. \"Si, where's your hat?\" He ducks his head at that, sighing a bit as he meanders up to the overhang Vasquez is perched at. \"Do I need it?\" The Mexican looks at him, mouth curling faintly the way it does when he's unsure of intentions. \"The sun is not out, but that's never stopped you before.\" \"I see your point, but I've been talked at with enough reason tonight I reckon it's my turn,\" he replies, nudging Vasquez a little so that they can both sit on the ledge. \"That was a stupid thing today.\" \"That's not reason, that's just the way he is.\" \"I'm not talkin' about Faraday,\" he counters, and he may not have his hat but that doesn't seem to matter to Vasquez because he suddenly looks a lot like that dangerous man he met a long time ago. \"He has to learn! Luck will not always be on his side!\" The Spanish accented words fly out into the night like frightful birds from a well protected nest, good intentions but misguided. Sam studies him, choosing his words carefully. \"Sometimes we do things that we think are for others, but are only for ourselves.\" \"Like nearly drowning,\" he asks, shoving his head down in the direction of Faraday. \"Just to cause a distraction?\" \"It worked, didn't it? Don't give me that look, he'll get his reprimand from me in due time,\" Sam pacifies. \"I was referring to-\" \"I know what you were referring to,\" and suddenly the outlaw seems weary. \"He….makes me so angry! Sometimes I….I don't understand him. It's worse than speaking two different languages! And I…I don't know how to explain it, to make him understand.\" Sam looks down at Faraday passed out down below, bruises and cuts still visible from their earlier scuffle with bandits - and perhaps a few from Vasquez, but he's dry and breathing, even if a bit raggedly. \"Make him understand what?\" Vasquez milks the silence around them, face heavy with words he doesn't want to say. \"Que no,\" he tries, slipping back behind the protection of his native language, but thinks better of it given his recent comments of Faraday. \"That I'm not worth dying for.\" Sam huffs out a laugh, but it's gentle and kind and it seems to soothe Vasquez the way it used to do for his young sister when their father passed. \"No, hijo, I don't reckon you'll ever convince him of that.\" Vasquez blinks at him and he sobers just a bit. \"Couldn't even convince me, what with all we've been through, but I don't think that's his reason.\" \"He doesn't have one, no?\" \"He does, but I have in mind it's the same one behind you pummeling him earlier.\" \"Maybe he had it coming,\" Vasquez says, and it's exactly the way he said it when they'd first met but it means something else entirely. \"Regardless, it isn't that you two are speaking two different languages. You're just not listening to the whole picture.\" \"I can't decide if that is Commache or Horne gibberish. Either way, loco,\" the outlaw scoffs, pulling his legs up to stand on the ledge. Sam follows him and takes the cigarette from his pocket. \"Consider it Sam gibberish, advice if you're feeling generous.\" He extends the smoke to Vasquez and catches the man's gaze with his own. \"Give that back to him when you heed my words, will you?\" Vasquez takes it with hesitant hands and whispers, \"Si.\" Although he reckons sleep will evade him, he goes in search of a place to bed down for the night, but runs up on Goodnight cleaning his rifle of its own shine. Even though he had walked a ways away from Vasquez by winding down some boulders he can still look out between to cuts of rock and see the outlaw still standing guard over where Faraday sleeps. Craning his head a bit, he sees the glint of knives laid out on rock, fresh off a cleaning of their own and maybe he hears the wind carry the sound of arrows sharpening up above them. Spread out as they may be, he may have misjudged how separated his men actually were. As if reading his thoughts and wanting to put his mind at ease, Goodnight looks up from his work and says, \"Safe to assume Faraday's still sleepin' like the dead. Otherwise, we would've heard Vas start his Spanish poems up again.\" Sam nods at the sharpshooter and feels a bit ridiculous doing so without his hat. Even though Robicheaux says nothing, the grin from the side of his mouth is as telling as ever. Chisolm clicks his teeth. \"Ah hell, Sam, it's a good look for you,\" he says, but the way his eyes drift to wherever Billy is makes Sam turn and leave. When he wakes, he's more startled by the fact that he'd been asleep in the first place than he is by the loud bickering of his men. \"Would you quit mother henning me one minute and cursin' me the next? You damned Mexican! I don't know whether I want to shoot you, or my own self!\" \"You'd better shoot me, carbón, seeing as how you've never been able to give us the pleasure of killing yourself with many attempts before.\" \"Woah, woah! Hey, no! Both of you stop it before you do something you can't take back.\" Bless Goodnight for trying to be the sensible one, but Sam would be lying if he said he didn't want this to finally play out so that maybe they could move on from this. However, if the look on Faraday's face means anything, they're far from getting past this whole debacle. \"A little late for that, I'd say,\" the gambler says, voice a bit rough from coughing up river water the day before. With his limp a bit more prominent than usual, he disappears behind the curve of some rocks. Sam eyes Vasquez across the way, alongside with the others. It's needless, though. The man will punish himself far more than any of them deem fit. It's not hard to find Joshua. He didn't make it far around the rugged landscape and his coughing was loud enough to wake the dead. He's shuffling his cards between his hands, ignoring Sam entirely as he sits down beside him. Chisolm gives it a moment, wondering if Faraday will do himself some good and start talking on his own. When he starts seeing sleight of hand tricks, he sighs before reaching out and taking the deck. \"What the hell? Give those back!\" Faraday demands, before breaking into another coughing fit. The cards are tucked neatly into Sam's breast pocket by the time he's recovered. \"You'll get them back, I don't aim to keep them. I just want to have a conversation.\" \"We can't do that unless you have my cards?\" \"Not when I don't have your full attention,\" Sam agrees, and he tries hard to suppress the memories of his own father saying those words to him, but it's a lot harder to do when Faraday rolls his eyes much the way he used to. \"Well as long as you got my cards, I ain't going to be thinkin' about nothin' but gettin' them back unless you trade me something for them,\" Faraday says around a grin that says he thinks he's the smartest man in the game. \"Well, I reckon that's fair. I'd give you my hat, but seems Horne is holding onto it. Your cigarette he lifted from you, I gave to Vasquez. Anything worth a penny is back with my things, but I guess I could give you my bandana.\" \"I'd need to be completely soaked in whiskey to call that fair.\" \"I wouldn't be too sure about that,\" Sam says while untying the material from around his neck. He keeps his gaze on Faraday as he pulls it away. The younger man's light complexion goes pale as he turns with a grimace across his face. \"Ain't too pretty to look at, is it?\" Faraday smoothes out his face, showing the true poker player he is, and turns back to Sam. \"Is that….did Bogue do that to you? Before, I mean.\" \"Seems we got that in common,\" Sam concurs and extends the cloth to Faraday. \"Go on now, hold on to that for me.\" The gambler takes it with unsteady hands, twisting it between his fingers awkwardly. \"Why'd you go and do that?\" \"I told you, I just want to have a conversation,\" Sam repeats, then continues on when Faraday remains silent. \"You know the real reason I went after Bogue?\" \" \"Cause he gave you that nice lookin' thing around your neck, killed your family, and aimed to do the same to other folk.\" Pushing air through his nose, Chisolm shakes his head. \"That's what I should've done it for, but deep down I….I did it because it gave me a sense of control, a sense of…power I didn't have when his men came through our town.\" If that rubs Faraday the wrong way, if he thinks less of Sam, it doesn't show. His brow furrows though, fingers smoothing out the wrinkles in the material of the bandana and watching them bunch up again. \"What about now that he's dead? That why you have us bounty hunting across the country? So you have power and control?\" \"I thought so,\" he admits, and this time it does show on Faraday's face in a downward tug of his mouth.\"That is, until yesterday when you jumped into the river taking that bandit with you. I didn't feel power and control then. You know what I felt?\" Faraday slowly shakes his head no, purposely avoiding looking at the older man. \"I felt the same kind of fear and lawlessness that I felt when Bogue's men strung me up.\" Sam pulls the material gently from Joshua's hands and ties it back around his neck before handing Faraday his cards. He shuffles them once, but then seems to forget why he did so. \"That's when I realized, the only time I ever felt like I had control and power, was when the people I care about….my family…is safe. And that….well, I guess that's something I'm afraid of.\" Joshua catches his eyes quickly, as if maybe he misheard him or really is completely soaked in whiskey, but Sam holds it steadily. The older man knows well enough to expect a smart-ass response given the way Faraday's posture because stiff, almost defensive. \"Is this the part where I'm supposed to tell you I'm afraid of the boogeyman or something?\" \"If you're truly afraid of such a thing, sure, but I reckon you're more afraid of having the merry band of whatever we are and knowing how you deserve it, than anything else. Seems you think the price of admission is death, and son, I'm going to finally have to tell you that ain't the case.\" Faraday grins at him, but not in a way he ever has before. \"Couldn't of mentioned that before I charged the Gatling gun, huh?\" \"Well, hell, somebody had to take that thing out and you were the only one crazy enough to offer,\" Sam explains. \"And the river? Couldn't have said anything then either?\" \"Vasquez needed a good punching bag, he had a lot of pent up anger and it was really bringing the moral down. We thought it best to let you do the natural thing of pissing him off. Consider that part your price of admission.\" Faraday throws his head back in delightful laughter, his shoulders much freer now that they don't seem to be weighted down so much, but then tilts his head curiously. \"Vas….he's really sore with me, ain't he?\" \"No more than he is with himself.\" He likes to think that Faraday thought about what he said, maybe even took time to think through his own shit before coming to find Vasquez, but he knows by the way his hair pokes out in odd directions and the way his mouth works around a yawn that he probably just fell asleep. Regardless, the time spent apart seems to have sobered the both of them so that when Faraday nearly collapses beside the outlaw, the older man just reaches out and helps him sit with a soft, \"Pausado, guero.\" He feigns distraction by cleaning his guns, but with the others out hunting for food or taking a piss it's unusually quiet and their voices carry. \"Lo siento. I did not mean-\" \"You never do, muchacho,\" Faraday cuts him off, but he's grinning and nudging his shoulder into Vasquez's. The outlaw allows it, but his serious expression remains. \"Promise me, guero,\" he pleads while pulling out the cigarette from the night before and extending it to the younger man with the blood showing. \" You will not do such things anymore, there's nothing here worth this. I repeat, nothing!\" \"Is that why you punched me after I nearly drowned?\" \"Eh, more or less. You also stole my bottle of whiskey from my saddle the other day. I was very thirsty,\" Vasquez shrugs whiles sticking the cigarette into Farady's outside vest pocket and patting it. \"No more swims for you, okay? I cannot lose anymore sleep to you.\" Faraday winks at him, insinuating something more between them for a rise out of the other and gets a well deserved shove for his efforts. The gambler slides off the rock into Horne's abandoned bedroll. \"Trust me, guero, you're too…damsel in distress for my taste,\" Vasquez teases, chuckling as Faraday finds Chisolm's hat discarded among the tracker's things and plops it down onto his head. \"That's twice now, I've had to save you,\" he continues. \"Three counting when Sam comes to reclaim his hat.\" It's an odd thing between them. How one minute they're likely to kill each other and the next teasing each other only the way a brother could. He guesses it's a lot like how he's one person underneath the safety of his hat and somebody a little different without it. He doesn't have much time to ponder that thought though, because Horne appears around the corner carrying a couple of logs just as Faraday begins to dramatically reenact his first meeting with Chisolm for a cackling Vasquez. He's just about to the part where he'd whispered in Power Dan's ear when Horne starts swatting at him with a thin switch he'd collected amongst firewood. Sam makes his way over, trying to conceal his own amusement at the way Vasquez doesn't know whether to laugh more or be worried. Horne's in the middle of reprimanding Faraday for nearly drowning when Chisolm reaches out and reclaims his hat, causing the tracker and gambler to stop abruptly to stare at him. \"I told you, I don't like to squint when the sun is out,\" he says, while placing his hat back on his head. Some days he's not sure who he is anymore, but today he'll be damned if he's the man that lets Faraday wear his hat. AN: Thanks for reading! Let me know what you think :) ","Summary":" Some days he's not sure who he is anymore. To the west, the horizon is stealing away the remnants o"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"Indignity of Reaction","Author":"CancerTheCrab","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12332717","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I do not own \"The Most Dangerous Game\", Richard Connell does. Title from Crying Lightning by Arctic Monkeys. Indignity of Reaction Faraday awoke slowly. Nothing new, not with the amount of alcohol consumes every day, or the amount of men he angers for fun. The world rocked side to side and the smell of salt stuck in his nose. His head throbs horribly but it feels different than hangover pain. He knows the difference by now, of course. His leg is aching; the pain is snug, deep in his thigh. He blows a breath through the nose and rolls onto his side. Wood digs into his good hip and temple mercilessly. The pain is enough to wake him up fully. He sits up angrily, if one can accomplish such an act angrily. \"Goddamnit.\" Faraday says, low and genuine. Blood covers the side of his face and the room he's in stays blurry longer than usual but he can easily see Chisholm's cocked eyebrow and smirk. Faraday sends a stale glare at him and rubs the dried blood from the corner of his eye. The rest of the Seven are awake already. None of the others had been knocked out, but only because they hadn't been abhorrently annoying to their captors. \"Por fin…\" Vasquez mutters. oO-Oo After the Rose Creek affair, the Seven had decided to stay together as some sort of cobbled-together vigilante group. They rode through the country finding new evil to defeat – not for the sake of the people…they had reputation to maintain, but in reality they're all big softies – and booze to drink. They were paid with gratitude and coins and adventure, something all of them appreciated. Despite the outstanding odds, Faraday, Billy, Goody, and Horne had survived. With matching raging fevers and unbearable pain, they'd pushed through the worst of with the support of the relatively unscathed Seven. The doctor had been amazing at their survival, seeing as it pretty much pushed the laws of natural and all. They all had new scars but were left as good as new – except for Faraday. His luck had to have limits, after all, or else the rest of them would've wondered if he were fully human. So, he was left with a bum leg that twinged all day long. It took a while to get used to but he was still snappy and feral enough to make anyone nervous to duel it out with him. So, a handful of weeks later and they were riding off into the goddamn sunset like the cowboys they are. oO-Oo Recently there had been whispers of a man named Dew. Rumor had it that he was a bored man, so bored that he had sought out the \"most dangerous game\" and hunted it for shits and giggles. No one knew exactly what he hunted and anyone curious enough to find out was never seen again. It seemed as if Dew was straight from a kid's ghost story and none of the bounty hunters wanted to go after a fairy tale villain. Chisholm suspected that some of them were even scared of the mystery man. This, of course, made a few select members of the Seven very excited to seek him out. So they made some noise in the towns with the most useful information until they reached a sea-side town where several very large men appeared and kindly asked the Seven to come with them. No location was given away, even when Billy \"insisted\". They obliged only when told that the men work for Dew. Things had been going smoothly even though there was the threat of a battle at any second. Until the men got sick of Faraday's mindless shatter and card tricks that involved making an ass of them. He gave one of the men, the most stupid-looking one, a passive aggressive pat on the cheek after he'd failed to find the jack yet again. That's when the man decided enough was enough and bashed Josh over the head with the butt of his rifle. He had gone down with a soft 'thump' and a very loud scuffle full of Spanish swears that ended with the idiot man getting a few new holes in him. The remaining henchmen agreed not to touch them. They even managed to look adequately annoyed at their dead colleague. In total the little trip only took half an hour. They arrived at the docks and approached a fairly large ship. None of the seven men had ever been in a ship, much less learned how to steer one. This was the only reason every man on the ship wasn't dead within five minutes. The horses were left with man they suspected was also working for Dew. On the ship, they were stuffed into cages. oO-Oo Faraday jerked away from Horne's touch but when he looks up at the man and sees him about ready to growl, he allows the resident medic to inspect his head. \"All in order up there, doc?\" He asks impatiently. Horne hums thoughtfully. \"As much as it can be for a crazy fool like you.\" He pats Faraday's hair, only once before the younger man tried to kick him, to counteract his words. Faraday was too dizzy to bat his hand away and instead opts to stretch. He arches his back and his spine pops wonderfully and he's about to stand in the tiny space of the cage when Vasquez grabs his hand. \"I'm fine.\" \"I can think of many times you've said those words guerito,\" Vasquez says, \"And also been bleeding. Sientate.\" Red snorts from his spot in the corner. \"Alright, alright.\" Chisholm beckons them with his smooth voice. \"We're going to be careful . We're going to tryto find the missing men not get shot.\" His eyes do not slide over to Faraday. They pin him down like a mother staring down her disobedient child. It makes Goody and Horne chuckle. Just as he was going to speak over Faraday's whines, he was interrupted by the door opening and a man walking through with an odd spring in his step. His features were striking but not exactly handsome. His nose was line, his were thin, and his cheekbones were frighteningly sharp. He was dressed in an impeccable suit – a three-piece that could be called grey or blue and both would be right. His white silk shirt was spotless and without guns on his hips, he looked almost naked. \"Why, hello. I heard you boys were stirrin' up trouble in town,\" Dew spoke deliberately, the very picture of confidence. Goody, leaning against a wall, matched the man's sure energy and responded, \"We were just curious. Heard some rumors about an interesting man.\" \"Seems to me like you're the interestin' ones,\" he chuckled, \"You're quite…diverse.\" Red, Vasquez, and Billy tensed. Goody's facer lost some of its fake politeness and he shifted his weight closer to Billy. Chisholm stayed calm and collected. In fact, confidence oozed out of him as he spoke. \"You don't mind if we see your island, do you, Dew?\" He grinned, toothy. The man's smile never once reached his eyes. \"Why of course I don't. Please, call me Franklin.\" \"Franky, you got any booze?\" Faraday grinned up at him. \"Goddammit,\" muttered Vasquez. Red smoothly reached over and pinched Josh's hand. oO-Oo The air was tense in their cozy little cage. It was fun to watch his friends try to push the other man over the brink and vice versa, but Faraday was nursing a spectacular headache. He didn't care much for a confrontation right now and he tuned out the incredibly passive aggressive words of the men easily. Neither side was very easy to tick off, anyway; Dew was still an enigma. They didn't know which buttons to push. Soon, Dew excused himself. Billy and Faraday took the first shift, Horne told the former to keep Josh awake lest he slip into a coma because of his mild concussion. The rest of them settled down to doze. oO-Oo It turned out that there was only enough time on the ride for one shift so instead of rest, Billy and Faraday got to play cards. The two didn't min all that much, honestly. Vasquez and Goody on the other hand had some choice words, but kept it short. Dew's men escorted the off the ship and onto the island. The sand looked untouched by humans and the soil was a rich brown. There were trees everywhere on the island that towered over them, their leaves creating a solid layer of foliage between them and the sky. There were little clearings and the occasional stream as they strolled through the forest toward wherever Dew lived. On the way there, not a single bird or squirrel scuttled through the branches. The only sound around them was the rustling of salty wind through the trees. Faraday struggled along with Vasquez and Red's help. He didn't particularly want their help but it was better than falling on his face because his leg throbbed and he foot caught on every goddamn root on the path. By the time they passed the tree line his leg was stiff and screaming at him to sit down. The sight of the castle made him want to sit down just as much, because he needed at least 3 hours of sleep to deal with that sort of thing. He was getting tired of Dew's shit and this was almost enough to make him angry. He sighed tiredly and swung his head around to shoot a look at the burly men behind him. Vasquez nudged him along before he could get himself knocked out again. \"Alright boys,\" says Dew, \"Don't go breakin' anything, eh?\" He laughed humorlessly. \"No voy a prometer nada ,\" Vasquez said. Faraday grinned over at him, understanding what he said after hanging around the man almost 24/7. They were ushered into a room in the turret of the castle. There was a table with a chair and a single bed, and one small window. The view showed off a cliff that spilled into the sea and a forest that blanketed the entire island. \"So, boys, what is it that you wanted to ask me?\" Dew held his hands behind his back. Chisholm dropped the polite act. \"Where are the men, Dew?\" \"I have no idea what you're talkin' about.\" Dew remained infuriatingly insincere. \"22 men have gone missing after they came to investigate the very first man that you took. Where are they? Did you kill them?\" His voice was hard, all business. Everyone's hands gravitated toward their guns. \"You see boys, I'm a hunter. I've been all over the world hunting the most dangerous animals out there. Tigers, wolves, panthers. And yet, after all that, I find myself bored surrounded by my trophies. But recently I discovered the most dangerous game.\" Dew's voice carried throughout the room and they watched as his smile grew sharp, the glint in his eye becoming maniacal. \"You see, animals that can reason are not dangerous. Beasts with claws cannot reason. But I have found the cruelest, most dangerous beast that can reason, too. Can you guess?\" Goody's expression was one of disgust. \"You can't mean—\" \"Yes, Mr. Robicheaux, yes! Man is the most dangerous game!\" He gestured to the Seven. \"You hunt living humans. For fun.\" Vasquez said. \"I'm glad you understand, my friends. Especially now that I have no one to hunt…I'll just have to choose one of you.\" Silence rang out. Anger and disbelief showed on their faces. \"What the fuck?\" Faraday's voice broke through the stillness. \"Hell no, old man! We ain't a herd of sheep for you to hunt. Honestly, are you crazy?\" He would have gone on if Vasquez hadn't slapped a hand over his mouth. \"I think I'll start with you first, Joshua Faraday. I've heard stories of your miraculous recovery from death. Maybe you'll prove to be interesting. The hunt will begin at noon exactly and end in three day's time. If you survive, I'll let you boys go. If I manage to catch you, I will pick every single one of you off until your heads hand above my fireplace.\" Dew's composure almost broke by the end of his declaration. He turned sharply and left the room without a single glance behind him. oO-Oo \"Well,\" Chisholm said after a moment, \"You didn't get shot but somehow managed worse.\" \"Guero, you idiot!\" Vasquez paced around the room. Horne squinted at the younger man and asked, \"You do realize that your brain is still scrambled? Maybe that's why you're even more foolish today than usual. Thankfully, the worst has passed so you can rest.\" Faraday shrugged under the assault. \"Well there's nothing we can do now, so why cry over it? I'll just get some rest before noon and lay low for three days.\" He made Vasquez pinch the bridge of his nose. \"He's killed 23 men in 3 weeks!\" His partner said. \"I'll just have to break his streak then.\" Faraday sat himself down on the bed and exhaled as quietly as possible. With that said, the rest of the group sat down around the room and rest as well. Vasquez sat down on the bed next to him and rubbed his knee. \"Lay down, guerito. I'll wake you at 11.\" After the full day that he had, Faraday couldn't resist. The sheets were clean, so he didn't mind obeying his boyfriend. He was asleep the moment his head hit the pillow. oO-Oo \"Up and at 'em, Faraday.\" Chisholm's voice rouses him. He'd never been a very heavy sleeper and his nerves were still electrified after being told he'd be hunted in a couple hours. He sits up quickly, fingers reaching for his guns before he remembered all of their weapons were taken when he hears footsteps on the other side of the door. Vasquez is glaring at said door grimly. Faraday's heart beat quicker when the knob turned and revealed Dew. \"Hello boys. It's time for the hunt.\" The man grinned at Faraday as if he was already caught. Faraday was escorted out of the room without a chance to say goodbye. He was lead to the entrance of the castle. On the way there he was monitored too closely to snag anything lest he be punished in some unsavory way. Dew stopped him at the door. \"You will have three days exactly when the gun sounds. I will retreat to my home every night when the sun comes down. If you manage to evade me, you and your friends will be let loose.\" He pushed Faraday's guns into his arms. \"The entire island is the hunting ground, even the castle if you are so inclined. Breaching the boundaries will not have consequences, but then again I don't need to punish you if you die by the sea's hand.\" With a smile, he pushed Faraday out of the door and finished his instructions, \"You have 5 minutes to get as far away as possible. Scurry along!\" The door shut behind Faraday with a slam. What a dramatic old man. oO-Oo Faraday did not flinch when the gun went off in what must have been 5 minutes. He ventured into what he could only guess was the thickest part of the forest, which was a good idea but hard to carry out. His limp wasn't so bad after some rest but it still made it hard to navigate the root-infested ground. The soil under his shoes was springy and the foliage provided shade his entire journey. Paranoia still gnawed at him. Every rustle of the leaves made him think that Dew was behind him. He'd never been the stealthiest and even less so that he leg wouldn't cooperate as he wished it would. He no doubt left tracks that even the worst hunter could follow, but he had to get as far away from Dew as possible. Faraday's half-assed plan was to hide away somewhere for the three days. Hopefully some birds would appear some time but it seemed as if there was nothing else on this island except for trees and Dew. He wondered if Dew had hunted every single thing on the island, the thought made him shiver. It made sense, honestly. If Dew had been so bored as to hunt men he must have run out of game on his land. Said land was fairly large, too, so there must have been a huge amount of birds, or rabbits, anything! He began to sweat despite the generous amount of shade. His leg caught on a root and sent him sprawling straight into a little stream, one of many on the island. He huffed and pulled himself up to his knees. He splashed some of the freezing water onto his face. Faraday hesitated for a good minute before taking a tentative sip of water and decided it didn't taste so bad. He didn't guzzle it down, however, because he had nothing to boil it with and didn't want to fall ill while he was being hunted by a mad man. The tiny strips of daylight that got through the thick leaves had faded away a good while ago. Wandering the island had left him exhausted, especially after only getting about 3 hours of sleep. Sleep pulled at his eyes but he wouldn't- no, couldn't fall asleep yet. Looking up at the tree nearest to him, he nodded to himself and began to climb it. He'd sleep here for the night and hope to God that he could draw his guns faster than Dew. oO-Oo Back at the castle, the rest of the Seven were restless. Vasquez paced around the room over and over. His pacing was getting on everyone's nerves, but they didn't want to irk him at this moment. Billy and Goody could definitely sympathize and therefore would not discourage him from saving Joshua I-Get-Into-Trouble-For-Fun-And-Give-My-Boyfriend-An-Ulcer Faraday. \"We have to get out of here,\" Vasquez said. He'd stopped in front of the large window, his eye searching as if he could see Faraday from the turret. Chisholm crossed his arms, looking thoughtful, and said, \"Faraday can take care of himself. We have to plan.\" \"I know he can take of himself. Ya se! But, Dew…es loco.\" \"Vasquez is right,\" Red said simply. Horne hummed and began to speak, \"No, I think—\" Suddenly, a knock at the door interrupted the argument. Dew opened the door and stepped into the room swiftly. He looked as impeccable as usual. \"Good evening, boys!\" The same stupid grin was plastered on his face. \"I hope you're not thinking of disrupting my dinner. If you escape, you'll be breaking the rules. I think that even you six can guess what that means. Mr. Faraday's leg will be the least of his worries. I might even have to punish him.\" \"That's outrageous. He hasn't done anything wrong,\" Horne said angrily. \"You're crazy.\" \"It's a military tactic, dear Jack Horne,\" Dew said as if it was obvious, \"The rest of the men suffer for the misbehavior of another. In this case, if you act out I'll have to cause Joshua a little pain. So stay put or else.\" With that, he slammed the door behind him and left the men in the room to stew. oO-Oo Faraday woke when the sun was rising. He could tell because it was faintly light out. He couldn't have slept more than 4 hours but his nerves were frayed and he knew he wouldn't be sleeping again anytime soon. Shifting on the branch he was stretched out on brought to attention the deep ache in his leg. He rubbed hard at it fruitlessly and gave up soon. His stomach growled loudly. A salty wind made the leaves shake all around him. It prompted him to get out of the tree and haul ass. Today he'd try to think of a plan, any plan that might get him slightly ahead of Dew. After all, the man was a skilled hunter. No matter how much Faraday hated the man, he couldn't deny it. He also couldn't deny that panic was gripping him and paranoia sat in his bones. He walked with his shoulders hunched and looked over his shoulder, to his right, left, and even up periodically. He cracked countless twigs as he stumbled through the trees but each time he did, he almost jumped. It grated on him, and he knew it wasn't good to be this tense 24/7 but he couldn't help it. He was being hunted like an animal by another human being. That was bound to get to any man. The feeling of someone watching him grew stronger. He walked faster despite how much it hurt and clicked the safety off of his Ethel and Maria. Without them, he knew he'd be out of his mind. Even if he had a gun, they were so familiar to him that they provided comfort. It occurred to him that a pair of guns helping to calm him down was probably very strange. He was deep in his thoughts when he heard a rustle that was distinctly different from the leaves above it. It came from behind him, making him turn sharply. There was a figure in the darkness, shrouded by shadows. But he knew who it was. Dew. Faraday's heart simultaneously leapt into his throat and down into his stomach at the same time. Blood rushed in his ears and he could feel his pulse in his chest. He wondered, in the back of his mind, if Dew could hear his heart beating almost out of his chest. And then he aimed his gun and shot four times, hoping that his first one grazed the man. The other three landed in the bark behind him. Damn, he thought. Dew was quick. (Up in the turret, Vasquez almost knocked down the door when he heard the gun shots. His Faraday was so close, but so far. The only thing keeping him from wreaking havoc was Billy's hand on his shoulder as he shook his head.) Josh backed away as quickly as possible while keeping his gun trained on where he thought Dew was hiding. Fortunately, his shot must have drawn blood because after standing there for a good while, he went over to see that Dew was gone. Unfortunately, the day was only half way through. The man would have enough time to patch himself up and come back for more. That thought had him moving as quickly as he could with a mounting headache and gnawing hunger in his belly. He tripped at least twice on the way to…well, he didn't know. He hoped it was just farther away from Dew. He suffered through the day slowly, ever so slowly. He was frustrated and tired and his heart wouldn't calm down. He was hungry and angry, but there was nothing to eat. Just clear streams to drink from. Despite his growing exhaustion, Faraday forced himself to walk farther and farther. He was lost in his thoughts again when the ground under him was suddenly gone and replaced with ice-cold water. It was deep enough to go to his knees but he stumbled and splashed into it. The water soaked his clothes and wet his hair, and filled his shoes. He lurched out of the stream he hadn't noticed. It was significantly larger than any of the other he'd come across. Faraday shivered violently, and wrapped his arms around himself, looking up to the sky. There was a part in the foliage that showed him the stars were coming out. He breathed a sigh of relief and sat heavily by the stream. Dew would be in his stupid castle by now so he didn't have to worry about the smoke a fire would make. Soon he had set up his shirt, vest, and socks were drying by the fire. He kept his pants on but lay down as close to the fire as possible so that they'd be able to dry a little bit. The wind was weak here, making him think that he was probably in the center of the island. His teeth still chattered and he was unbearably cold. Last night had been fine with his clothes on, and today the exercise and excited should've been enough but that stream was freezing . And on a dry island like this, the temperature dropped at night. Faraday curled up a little and wrapped his arms around his naked torso but stayed cold and restless throughout the night. oO-Oo The rest of the Seven let out a collective sigh of relief when Red spotted spoke in the distance. It wasn't enough to get Vasquez to relax even a little, but it was enough to get him to sit down for a while. He tried to participate in the discussion and tried to help plan but his instincts screamed at him to just get to Faraday. oO-Oo Faraday was glad to see that his clothes had dried fairly well over night. Of course, his fire had sputtered out sometime so they were still pretty cold, but he was okay with that. Well he wasn't really, but he couldn't do anything about it. The panic was swelling in his chest; his nerves were sparking with it. He didn't think he'd ever be able to relax again. He shrugged off the thought and focused on getting somewhere. He didn't know where, but he had to get there. He had to escape. He felt like a wild animal at this point. His highest priority was to survive, but thankfully for his state of mind it was half to live and half because his success would ensure his family's safety. Before this, he had been hesitant to even think of the six men currently in a castle as his family. But, they had stayed with him. Vasquez was always at his side, and he could joke around with Red and Billy. Respect was mutual between him and Chisholm, and for some reason he felt like he could tell Horne anything. Goody wasn't just his drinking buddy, he was a friend. They all were, and Vasquez was more. That's why he had to win. The day is like the ones before, walk and walk until something happened, and then came noon. Faraday had been wandering around the island in a way that took him to the cliff he'd seen earlier from the room in the turret. He smelled the sea and the breeze made him shiver. His pants were still damp. The muscles in his leg spasmed yet again. He gritted his teeth and shifted all of his weight onto his other leg. The pain was in its crescendo when a voice called his name. He turned slowly to see that Dew was pointing his gun at his face. \"Honestly,\" Dew said, \"You held out quite a lot longer than I thought you would! Well done.\" Faraday's world slowed down. He could see Dew's finger begin to close around the trigger. The waves crashed below him. He made the decision in a split second. If he didn't, he'd die. It was that simple. He only hoped he didn't in the process and anger the rest of the Seven. He stepped off of the cliff and plunged into the water below him. oO-Oo \"Holy shit.\" Dew said. It was all he could say. He snorted before turning around and walking back to the castle. He wasn't disappointed, per say, but despite how dramatic that had been he had been hoping Faraday would die by his hand. Oh, well, he'd just have to savor the look on the other men's faces. Aforementioned men were not happy. From their position in the turret they could see clearly what Faraday had done and were very upset. That was an understatement, actually, they were ready to kick down the door and slaughter Dew. \"Si ese idiota esta muerto lo voy a matar. Que estúpido!\" Vasquez yelled. \"We are getting out of here. Right now.\" \"Agreed.\" Billy said. It was unanimous this time. They were about to kick ass. They knocked down the door and kicked the shit out the armed guards outside. Chisholm and Vasquez took the guns from the now-bleeding men. Yelling came from the stairs, but they took out every man that tried to get in their way. Hell hath no fury like a worried family. oO-Oo Meanwhile, Faraday was swimming like his life depended on it – because it did. The waves were unforgiving and pushed him back. It felt like an eternity before he practically washed up on the shore. He was met with a steep hill that had the castle sitting on it. A feral grin showed off his teeth as he climbed up the grassy slope. He was soaking wet but that didn't matter right now. All that mattered was making Franklin Dew suffer as much as humanly possible before he died. There was a red tint over his vision and yet at the same time it was tunneled. The hunger and fatigue was taking a toll on him and his leg was a throbbing mess at this point. He wouldn't be able to hold out much longer. Faraday held his guns ready as he reached the entrance. He kicked open the door and pointed Ethel and Maria at...nothing. Dew wasn't here yet. He could hear fighting, though, and knew that the others had escaped the room and were kicking ass. His grin grew wider when he imagined Vasquez shooting the henchmen like he did the man that had shot Faraday in Rose Creek. He sauntered into the large room and closed the door. If Faraday was going to be honest, he did like being dramatic at times. Now was the perfect opportunity. Thankfully, he only had to stand facing the door for a couple seconds when the door opened again and Dew stepped in. Their eyes met. Faraday shot Dew's foot, and then another one in his thigh. It was immensely satisfying to see the blood drip down to the floor where Dew was kneeling now. He loved the way the man was writhing in pain. It almost made it worth how much his leg was hurting. He spit out some salt water before speaking, \"Fuck you, old man. My granny could outlast you.\" He shot him again the shoulder and then his kneecap. He dragged himself over to Dew despite the agony that was shooting through his leg. Faraday leaned down close to the man and whispered, \"You're going to die here, Frank. No one is here to help you.\" He backed away and reveled in the fear in Dew's eyes. \"Faraday!\" Vasquez's voice was like music to his ears. Faraday turned to see his family running toward him. Most of them had blood on their clothes, certainly someone else's. \"Took you long enough!\" Goody teased. \"Oh, shut it.\" Faraday said weakly. Dew groaned particularly loudly behind him. He shot the man in the head without turning around. Chisholm cocked an eyebrow, but said nothing. \"Are you okay, guero?\" Vasquez asked. Josh took a step toward him and instantly crumpled. Vasquez caught him before he could hit his head and lowered him down. \"I guess not.\" It was all he could say before passing out. oO-Oo When Faraday awoke next, he was laying in blessedly soft sheets. His head felt stuffed full of cotton and when he opened his eyes, the room was blurry. His leg was no longer throbbing excruciatingly, but he was still hungry. There wasn't really pain, though, just vague discomfort. \"Guerito? You there?\" Vasquez's voice is next to him. He turned his head slowly and grins up at him. Any concern on the other man's face disappeared. \"There you are.\" \"Where was I before?\" His tongue felt clumsy and he slurred his words. \"Delirious from fever like the damn fool you are.\" Horne's voice was coming from his other side. Faraday hummed at him. \"Jumpin' into the ocean. Really, now.\" Someone snorted at the foot of his bed. Goody and Billy were standing there. Side by side as usual. Red was sitting on the table in the other corner of the room. \"Well, where am I right now?\" Faraday went to sit up and found that he could barely move his leg, and all of his muscles were sore. Vasquez tsked at him. \"Possibly still delirious, but you're in a hospital so I guess that's okay.\" Chisholm was sitting in the chair he must have dragged from the table. \"The people of the town were very grateful to us and tended to you for free.\" \"And Dew?\" This made Vas frown. He even went as far as to feel his forehead. \"Are the doctors sure he didn't damage anything?\" Vasquez asked Horne. \"Hey, I'm fine Vas. It's just a little fuzzy…oh, now I remember! Heh, I shot 'em.\" This startled a laugh out of them. The worry in the air dissipated fully now. Faraday was going to be perfectly fine, if only a little sore, after a good meal. The cold water from the stream and the sea had gotten him sick but it wasn't serious. He'd made it through the worst of the fever in one night. The town was safe from Dew now, and the families who'd lost someone could at least mourn properly. The townspeople even rewarded them with money and allowed them to stay in some rooms for free. Their horses were safely grazing out in the field now. The Seven would leave the town in two day's time, enough for Faraday to recover. So, Faraday kicked back and enjoyed the company of his family. He was no longer afraid of calling them that. And sure, he wouldn't be able to relax for a bit but the night was made bearable when Vasquez slipped into his bed and wrapped his arms around him. Everything was right with the world again, and nothing could take that away from him. oO-Oo A/N: Dear god that took me a while. I'm happy with how it came out. Sorry for any grammar/spelling mistakes. Translations: \"Finally.\" \"Sit down.\" \"I won't promise anything.\" \"I know…He's crazy.\" \"If that idiot is dead, I'm going to kill him! He's so stupid!\" ","Summary":" A/N: I do not own \"The Most Dangerous Game\", Richard Connell does. Title from Crying Lightning by"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"Together in the Barrel","Author":"DjDangerLove","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12284644","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When he comes to after Rose Creek, it is in a world much louder than a stick of dynamite to a Gatling Gun. There are voices sharper than ammo shells dribbling off wooden planks and boot scuffs heavier than racing horse hooves, all of it spiraling into an existence not meant for one Joshua Faraday. He tries to tell them he doesn't belong, that he doesn't want to be here. He desperately does so, but the shadows do not listen. Instead, his cries are consumed by the loud noises like the horizon in the west eats the sun. Still they hover over him, their silhouettes still and frantic all at once. He thinks they attempt to touch him, to claim him as their own, but he isn't, doesn't want to be. Their hands remain empty, but he's full of pain. Eventually, the world uncoils, smoothing back out into flat walls and round faces while tucking him right back into reality nice and neat as if he hadn't just scattered the Earth, and what he thought was himself, with explosives and a card trick. The first person he sees aside from the shadows lingering about is Jack Horne, the bear of a man hunched over the way he does when he tells stories of his deceased wife and child. His elbows dip the mattress beside Faraday's heavily bandaged side where they support his prayer-joined hands. The gambler blinks sluggishly at the older man, watching him whisper quietly to himself and the God he loves so much. It isn't until Horne brings up his folded hands to wipe at his eyes that Joshua realizes his own hand is clasped in between. He feels a cold moisture on his skin and it burns. He twitches his fingers in discomfort, but Jack squeezes tighter and sits up straight. His conversation with God is now loud enough to hear, but it's deafening and sends him scurrying back to the shadows. The last thing he remembers is squeezing Jack's hand despite it all. The second time he flees from the murkiness of another world, Goodnight is waiting. It's strange looking at the sharpshooter now, almost like they're standing in front of a mirror side by side and Faraday can't determine which haunted reflection is his own. He doesn't like it and neither does Goody. \"It's a hell of a thing to live through, son,\" he says, southern drawl riding out on empathetic breath. He leans forward in his chair and lays his calloused, soldier's hand over the gambler's heart. \"But between you and me, I ain't ever gonna let them kill ya.\" Faraday hopes he means that and silently pulls the man's hand down harder over his chest. Robicheaux nods his head once and declares that he swears it, but the shadows don't take too kindly to that promise and steal him away. When he resurfaces for the first time after the shadows ripped him away from Vasquez, the Mexican is murmuring in Spanish. It sounds like a chorus of cicadas in the dead of summer, gentle and pacifying. He's not got a clue what the man is saying, but he wants his mouth to move around the words washing over him. The outlaw laughs making the cicadas's song a hymn to be sung in the churches. \"Okay, güero. We do it your way, now,\" he says, tongue rolling around the English. \"Get down in the barrel, child. Get down in the barrel. I promise to keep you away from all of this peril. Close your eyes, love, and know the sky is blue. For the world can never hurt you as long as I love you.\" It's the first time sleep ever takes him tenderly. Somehow he recovers to scars and a limp, and the occasional train ride back to the shadows when noises are too loud. The doctor doesn't really know how to explain it to him, and Goodnight looks like he's a split second from bolting quicker than he had the night before Rose Creek at the thought of having to do it. So, Faraday just grins at them both and says, \"I guess it's the price you pay when God doesn't want ya and the Devil don't need ya.\" They leave Rose Creek in a pack of seven as close to a family as any of them figured they'd get under the guise of serving justice for those willing to pay for it. They made it two days before it happened. They were sitting around the fire one night, telling stories and such while waiting for Horne to come back with some hunted meat, when a gunshot rang out around the rocks at their back. The sound echoed out and danced into the night around them, almost pushing at the flames as it passed. Later, he'll realize it was just Horne getting lucky with another rabbit on his way back. The thing is though, when noises are too loud, Faraday doesn't start telling Billy about the ghosts that are coming or saddle up a horse and skip town. Hell, he'd give anything for a haunted mind like that if he has to have one, but he reckons he owes more than Goodnight somehow because his whole body seizes up, twisting into a shivering ball of limbs like a wet cat to a dry box. Quivering hands do little to eradicate the ringing of his ears, but he pulls hard on them anyway to try to get it to stop so that the shadows don't take him away. They've missed him though, and he thinks they probably feel cheated since he's managed to stay away for so long. Vasquez isn't afraid of them and won't let the shadows take him so easily. Faraday struggles despite himself, torn between a world he wants and the one he knows. Vasquez just nods along, kneeling down in front of the haunted man while placing heritage-tanned hands over shaking ones. \"Silencio, güero. Shh, shh, shh. Escucha. Escúchame,\" he says, pressing the soft words into the tufts of hair on Faraday's head. \"Mi madre….she tell me this when I was young boy afraid just like you. Escúchame.\" He sways just a little, tilting them both to an axis that feels like it defies both worlds. \"Remember what I told you, si? Bájate en el barril, hijo. Baje en el barril. Prometo mantenerte lejos de todo este peligro. Cierra tus ojos, ama, y sabe que el cielo es azul. Porque el mundo nunca te hará daño mientras te ame.\" Faraday listens, tries to imagine Vasquez as a child, a scared one at that, and comes up short. A noise escapes the back of his throat at the failure, but the outlaw moves his hands up and down Josh's own as if trying to conjure up heat. \"Disparates. Shh. Estoy en el barril contigo. It will be alright, güero. Lo prometo.\" He wants to believe him, but the shadows just won't let him. A/N: Part Two: Vasquez's side of things, more hurt/comfort Translation (aka Google Translate): Silencio - Hush Escucha. Escúchame - Listen. Listen to me. Disparates - Nonsense Estoy en el barril contigo - I am in the barrel with you. Lo prometo - I promise. \"Bájate en el barril, hijo. Baje en el barril. Prometo mantenerte lejos de todo este peligro. Cierra tus ojos, ama, y sabe que el cielo es azul. Porque el mundo nunca te hará daño mientras te ame\" - \"Get down in the barrel, child. Get down in the barrel. I promise to keep you away from all of this peril. Close your eyes, love, and know the sky is blue. For the world can never hurt you as long as I love you.\" ","Summary":" When he comes to after Rose Creek, it is in a world much louder than a stick of dynamite to a Gatli"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"Remembers","Author":"Apollymi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12379208","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"I've always been lucky with one-eyed jacks.\" The dynamite flipped... The earth had a way of remembering. It remembered those who treated it well. The first men who lived on the land that would be called Rose Creek were kind but driven away by the army. The settlers that took their places were farmers, simple people who tended it well, though not as well as the first people. Then came the whispers of gold and the first miners, old trenchers who set to the hills with a bucket, pick-axe, and sluice; they weren't too bad. But then came the man called Bartholomew Bogue, his small army of miners, foremen, hired guns… and dynamite. It liked that even less. ...Flipped... If it had a way to do anything, it would have pushed that man and his entire army into the desert to die and gladly. It couldn't. It waited. Men died, good men who treated it well. It waited, the farmers' blood soaking into the soil as the bodies baked out in the sun for days before the preacher was finally permitted to bury them deep within it. ...Flipped again... The woman brought back more men to this patch of earth, her own small army. Men died, mostly men who had done harm to it. That earned them some leeway as far as it was concerned. But only a week to prepare meant harm had to be done. To preserve these people, these farmers that had coaxed so much life from the earth, only to have so much death visited upon them, it would permit this: the trenches being dug deep in it, the explosions it knew were coming, the poor attempts at target practice... And the evil man returned with a new army and his devil of a gun, and so many men died: the good men, the wicked men... The Gatling gun didn't differentiate. It killed them all equally, as all great and terrible things do. ...Flipped one more time... The crazy Irishman rode out at the wagon, with the Cajun, his partner, and the lawman firing backup, riding towards the devil of a gun. The men chasing him dwindled away to nothing, only their horses chasing him. The Cajun died before he hit the ground, his partner never even hitting the ground, both victims of the Gatling. The men at the gun started firing at the Irishman. He fell off his horse. He kept moving forward, until one last shot brought him to his knees. The one-eyed man lit a smoke for him then raised his gun to put a final bullet in him. The Irishman fell over for several long seconds, long enough for the one-eyed man to start to walk away... only to come up with a lit stick of the dynamite. One of the men on the wagon tried to alert the others to the explosive, but it was already too late. \"I've always been lucky with one-eyed jacks,\" the Irishman said and threw the dynamite. It flipped... flipped... flipped again... flipped once more time, only to land beneath the wagon. The wagon exploded, debris raining down. The men on and near it died, cut to pieces or incinerated in a heartbeat. The Gatling gun was gone. The Irishman was blown backwards, a few new holes in him from the wagon's remains. And this was something it could affect, at least a little bit. This would be its thanks to these men who saved the farmers that treated it so well and had been so poorly treated in return: it would keep this one man alive as long as it could. His blood mixed into the ash, seeped into the ground, but he was still alive. It was just as well, then, that it seemed that that horse of his was on its way back with assistance. Horse hooves beat into the dust, two sets pounding hard and fast at the Irishman. He did not hear them. He might not have even felt the muzzle of his own horse as it tried to push him upright. He definitely did feel the Mexican man grabbing him up, packing cloth-parts of a sash, bits torn off an already bloodied shirt, anything else he could find-into the worst of the wounds. Words fell from the Mexican man's mouth, but they were quiet, private, meant for the Irishman and him alone. He picked up the other man, who cried out then collapsed, got them both on one horse, and lit out back towards town, the Irishman's horse trailing behind them. He still lived. Maybe, just maybe, that would make all of this a fair deal: one man's life saved against all these others that had been lost. The earth had a way of remembering. It remembered those who treated it well. And sometimes-just sometimes-it would return the favor. 14 December 2016 This is what I've been working on. This movie has completely taken over my life. I've written over 100,000 words of The Magnificent Seven since November 2016. If you want more of it, follow the links on my profile to my AO3 profile. You can find it all there. I promise it's all better than this one. Enjoy! ~Apollymi/Adora Addams ","Summary":" \"I've always been lucky with one-eyed jacks.\" The dynamite flipped... The earth had a way of reme"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"You Never Really Left","Author":"Outsiders Obsessor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12297589","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You Never Really Left Disclaimer: None of the characters are mine, however the plot is. The characters belong to their respective owners of Columbia Pictures. Let's just say if I owned the characters, all of the seven would have survived and rode off into the sunset together for many years to come. Oh, and I designed the cover image myself, so I hope if you can see it that everyone likes it! I, for one, am in love with the final outcome of both the story and the cover image! :) For those who cannot see the cover image, it is an arrangement of pictures of the Magnificent 7 individually with a picture of all seven of them in the center on horseback. They were gone. Four of them were gone; three remained. Having to leave them behind in Rose Creek is one of the hardest things any of the remaining three have ever done. Vasquez mutters soft Spanish under his breath for two weeks after their deaths, not wanting to have lost his newfound family so soon. Deep down, he's scared and also a bit grateful. That could have been him that got wiped out by a Gatling gun while protecting the people of Rose Creek. That could have been him that got blown across the field by the force of the dynamite trying to take out said Gatling gun that killed a good majority of the town of Rose Creek and three of the Magnificent Seven. Jack had been killed, but not by the gun. Between the two options- three if you count Faraday's death as by dynamite instead of the gun- Vasquez is not sure which one he would have preferred to be his form of death if he had died. The tanned, brown-eyed gunslinger cries when no one is looking, because he feels guilty above all the rest of his emotions. He could have saved them. He could have saved the people he had begun to consider his family. He could have done for them what no one had ever done for him. He could have… \"We'll camp here for the night, boys,\" Sam's voice breaks Vasquez out of his silent blame and runaway thoughts. If only that was all it took to get the thoughts out of his head… It's only been about three weeks since the Battle of Rose Creek as the citizens called it before the three remaining gunslingers and protectors left town with the horses. That doesn't mean that the memories aren't still fresh in Vasquez', Red Harvest's, and Sam's minds. Each man quietly blames himself for not being able to help their four fallen comrades and newly found family. Some blamed themselves more than others, their consciences weighing heavier than the one other who is slowly starting to make peace with the idea. Sam sits down at their newly proclaimed campsite, pulling out a few of their camp supplies they used when Jack, Billy, Joshua, and Goodnight were still alive. They have four extra blankets now, but none of the remaining three dare to use said blankets. Instead, Sam hands Faraday's and Jack's blankets to Vasquez to lay out near the fireplace. The law enforcer from Wichita, Kansas then gently tosses Billy's blanket towards Red Harvest, and the cloth is caught equally as gently by Red Harvest, as the red-faced man also knows how precious and special having articles of their fallen brothers are. Red Harvest still has on part of his war paint from that day, feeling he needed to preserve at least part of it in order to keep the spirit and bravery of his friends alive. \"Set 'em up like usual, and then we can go an' get some firewood, Vasquez,\" Sam quietly instructs, laying Goodnight's blanket out in the dust beside Billy's and his own. \"Red Harvest, could you find us some game 'round here for supper?\" he continues, watching as Vasquez smooths out the few wrinkles beginning to form in Faraday's blanket from being held in a saddlebag for three weeks. \"I'll find some,\" Red Harvest promises, slinging his bow and arrows over his shoulders as he prepares to explore the woods around them. The mention of the word \"some\" is enough to make Sam and Vasquez laugh lightly in spite of the currently dismal atmosphere. Both men can't help but think of the first time they met Red Harvest, and how Joshua Faraday- the bigmouth he was- had to make comments all the first day surrounding the word \"some\". \" Do you want any o' this to drink?\" Goodnight had offered his flask to Faraday on that first day as they were climbing the mountain face with their horses. \" Some,\" Faraday had smirked, being a bit louder than necessary to catch the attention of the rest of their company, especially Sam and Red Harvest. The Native American only rolled his dark eyes at the attention-hog he had come to know as Joshua Faraday as they continued to trek towards Rose Creek. Later in the evening, as Vasquez and Emma- with some help from Billy- made dinner over the open fire, the sneaky Faraday decided to poke fun at the word \"some\" once more. \" Hey, guero,\" Vasquez suddenly called out as Faraday came back from the woods with a small pot of water in his hands. There was no mistake in who Vasquez was talking to, because the Mexican outlaw only ever calls Faraday a guero. The other men and one woman he rides with would never get called the jesting term he saves especially for Joshua. \" Hmm?\" Faraday hummed, as he sat the water down before pouring some of it into his hands to drink a bit of it before dinner. \"What's up, Vas?\" the blue-eyed gambler grinned, coming up behind Vasquez and roughly pushing the Mexican gunslinger's shoulder from behind. No one quite knew why these two of the Magnificent Seven, a name created by Faraday and Goodnight right before they met Red Harvest, insisted on hitting each other's backs or calling each other names. \" Do you want any of this rabbit that Red Harvest and I caught?\" Vasquez asked politely as Sam watched him, but he elbowed Faraday in the ribs as soon as their unofficial leader turned back around. \" Some,\" Joshua grinned again, and it took all of Vasquez' restraint to not actually slap that stupid, cocky grin off of the younger man's face. Red Harvest was up before anyone could stop him and he had his hand wrapped around Joshua Faraday's neck so that the blue-eyed gambler honestly couldn't help but think all the air is going to leave his lungs quickly. \" Red Harvest,\" Sam started off in a very cautious voice as Jack Horne began to shriek in the background. \" Why can't we all just get along like the good Lord intended us to?\" Jack nervously shouted out, as he ran over to try and stop Red Harvest from murdering Faraday. Even though, he wouldn't say it, Jack thought that Faraday deserved a bit of a scare at least because of his constant making fun of Red Harvest in the few hours the Comanche has been with them. Red Harvest began to speak in rapid Comanche, and only Sam had a chance at understanding their new friend as the red-faced warrior continued to hold Faraday by the throat. \" Slower, friend,\" Sam softly said to Red Harvest as Horne tried to remove Red Harvest's hands from around Faraday's throat. Through the whole ordeal, Faraday managed to keep that same stupid grin on his lips and had a mischievous look in his light eyes that Vasquez knew belonged on a man of trouble. Red Harvest spoke in Comanche once more, but slower this time as he wanted Sam to actually understand him now. Meanwhile, with Red Harvest distracted, Horne was able to free Faraday from the vice-like grip the youngest man in the group had the gambler in. \" So, what did he say, jefe?\" Vasquez inquired, sliding back down on the log he was sitting on beside Emma while they continued to cook dinner. \" He said he would appreciate Faraday not poking fun of him anymore,\" Sam announced, and that goofy smile all but faded from Joshua's face as Red Harvest ran one finger across his own neck as a universal warning. \"Now, that goes for the rest of y'all, too. If I catch one of ya makin' fun of Red Harvest, you will be left out of the gold or left here alone with no supplies,\" Sam threatened, not wanting Red Harvest to feel alienated or out-casted amongst their \"merry band\" as Goody also called them. Vasquez nodded his head before he shut his dark brown eyes. Horne eagerly nodded, glad that everyone made peace with one another. Billy shook hands with Red Harvest before the knife-wielding master walked into the woods to get a bit more kindling for the fire. Emma and Teddy had no qualms with Red Harvest, so both of them remained silent but offered smiles to the man anyway. Goodnight clapped Red Harvest on the back to ensure the man everything was all right and no harm or future words of slander would be held against him. That had left Faraday. \" Do I make myself clear, Joshua Faraday? I still am in possession of your horse, and if you ever want him back you better agree to my terms,\" Sam pressed, wanting to make sure the young, fiery gambler from Ireland had a sense of what was expected of him. \" Yes, sir. I won't cause any more trouble with Red Harvest if he doesn't try and choke me again,\" Faraday had promised, that same stupid smile reappearing and Vasquez almost wanted to slap it off once again, tired of the younger man's arrogance and cocky attitude. In that night, all of the Magnificent Seven bonded and became close friends and brothers over the meal Vasquez and Red Harvest had caught, along with some wild plants Emma and Billy found for them to eat. That felt like a lifetime ago. Now only three of them remain around the fire like they had sat not long ago as one united family, albeit a loud, noisy one that often had fistfights between its members out of sport and a want of dominance. None of their skirmishes had ever been held in anger against one another, just a sense of what brothers often did with one another if their parents we're watching. Vasquez picks at the last bit of rabbit on his plate, not quite sure if he wants anymore after thinking of that night when all seven of them were alive. Red Harvest was successful in his hunt once more, so Sam, Vasquez, and Red Harvest have five rabbits for tonight's meal, though only three have been touched. Sam has eaten most of his, but he swallows thickly as he realizes that it's almost been a month since the other four have died. They are also back in the same spot where all seven of them had camped on the way to Rose Creek. \"Can't believe we ended up in the same spot we were at almost a month ago,\" Sam whispers, mostly to hear himself out loud, but he catches the attention of Vasquez and Red Harvest. \"It's not right that they died for the same cause we did just because they were insistent—\" Vasquez starts off, his accent coming out more as he speaks warmly about the four men who perished in the fight against Bogue. The Mexican gunslinger trails off, not able to finish his own sentence as emotion overcomes him once again as he feels the guilt settle in his stomach. Red Harvest gently squeezes Vasquez' shoulder and Sam wraps and arm around the younger man's back in attempt to comfort the crying Spanish outlaw. \"They are not gone,\" Red Harvest gently tells his friends, trying to act as the rock and strength for Sam and Vasquez as their eyes start to get wet from with-holding their tears. \"What?\" Sam asks as he looks at Red Harvest, tears dripping down the lawman's cheeks. \"Are you loco, mi amigo?\" Vasquez all but yells, only to quiet his own voice as he feels and sees Red Harvest flinch beside him. \"Lo siento, Red Harvest. But, we saw them die! I still can smell and see their blood at night in my sleep!\" Vasquez admits, tears racking his body as he curls his body inward to try and form a ball. He just wants one family that wouldn't leave him. Just one family that wouldn't leave him alone with heartbreak and haunted dreams… \"They may be gone in body, but in spirit and memory they are not forgotten,\" Red Harvest speaks up as he gestures around them into the woods, in the air, and on the ground where the four uninhabited blankets lay. \"They're alive in spirit, Vasquez. And, that's one of the best ways we can remember 'em,\" Sam softly assures, wanting to let the Mexican outlaw know that he and Red Harvest would never leave him, not with their knowledge of his emphasis on loyalty and his wish to have a supportive family who stayed by his side even when the going gets rough. \"They hear us,\" Red Harvest adds in, again gesturing around them while also pointing up at the stars this time. \"What do ya mean?\" Vasquez inquires, wiping tears from his dark brown eyes before stretching out and lying on his back to look at the stars. \"Each of our friends has passed on from his human form, but I see them around us in nature. Do you care for me to explain?\" the Native American continues, lying down himself to look up at the stars as they shine from the heavens above. \"Let's hear it, Red Harvest,\" Sam presses, wanting to hear just what explanation Red Harvest has for how he can see their friends in nature every day and night. \"Billy Rocks is the wind around us as he swirls with his knives and hair pin,\" Red Harvest starts off, pausing slightly to think of the English equivalents to his Comanche thoughts and beliefs. \"Whenever the wind swirls around us, that just means that Billy is practicing his knife skills and wants to let us know of his presence and his constant guard and vigil around us to protect us,\" he continues, looking to see small nods coming from Vasquez and Sam as they both seem to accept Red Harvest's explanation. \"I'll see you again, my friend. You never really left,\" Red Harvests softly says to the sky as he looks up, and it is quite obvious that he is speaking to Billy. \"What about Faraday?\" Vasquez inquires, wanting to know what Red Harvest thinks became of his best friend out of the Magnificent Seven. Out of everyone in the group of outlaws, gunslingers, and protectors, Vasquez had grown the closest to Joshua as he thought of the younger man as a best friend and a younger brother of sorts. A howl pierces the air after that statement, and Red Harvest breaks into a small smile as he looks over at Vasquez before pressing a comforting hand against the Mexican outlaw's back. \"I believe that he just answered you, my friend,\" Red Harvest grins before he tips his head back and howls back at the new noise in the woods around them. \"What do you mean, mi amigo? How did Faraday answer me?\" \"I have thought that Joshua Faraday would be a wolf.\" \"Explain your reasoning, Red Harvest, because that does seem like an animal I would associate with Faraday,\" Chisholm speaks up, having stayed silent throughout the explanation of Billy as he just wanted to listen to Red Harvest's beliefs. \"Joshua Faraday is a wolf for good reasons,\" Red Harvest starts his revelation of Faraday's spirit, expressing in his mind how happy he is that his English is much improved. \"Let's take for instance, his loyalty. Faraday did not leave us in the time when we needed him most. No. He was not tempted by gold to leave us when the fight was entirely against our favor,\" he continues, pausing a bit where he can think through his English that Vasquez has worked to teach him in their time together as a team of seven. A team that had now been reduced to three… \"Take your time, amigo,\" Vasquez softly says, his voice warm like honey as his accent rolls off his lips and sleepiness starts to overcome his body. \"Faraday was determined like the wolf and he did not let danger stand in the way of his goal to save us all. If that does not speak to his determination of the wolf, then I do not know what it does speak for. I feel that Joshua believed that the strength of our mission lied in our team, and therefore our pack,\" Red Harvest continues, a happy smile on his face as he listens to the wolves howling around him. This time, Vasquez joins Red Harvest in howling back to the wolves, really feeling like he can communicate with Faraday like Red Harvest seems to believe. The third time the wolves howl back, Sam adds his own howl into the chorus with Red Harvest and Vasquez, making all three men smile as they howl with the wolves that live in the forest surrounding their campsite. \"I feel you walk beside me,\" Red Harvest remarks, thinking about how every time he is in the woods with a wolf beside him that Joshua Faraday is watching over them. \"I know I'll see you again,\" Vasquez promises into the cold night air, holding Faraday's flask up to his lips before taking a swig of brandy from the flask. \"Mi hermano, I will see you again. Keep running with the pack and I will find you.\" \"Thank you for your bravery, Faraday,\" Sam speaks into the night, looking up at the stars as he finishes off his last piece of rabbit. \"Goody is an eagle, soaring high and free above his troubles as he watches us from the skies,\" Red Harvest announces, a knowing smile on his lips. \"An eagle? ¿Por qué un águila?\" comes the question from Vasquez, and Red Harvest does not have to understand the Spanish question since he realizes the questioning tone that is present in the Mexican's voice. \"What do eagles need to soar above the clouds?\" Red Harvest questions back, wanting his friends to think into why he would say Goody is an eagle. \"Wind,\" Sam answers quickly and with a content look on his face before a smile graces his features. \"Yes. Wind. And Billy is the wind, so Goody needs Billy to lift him up. Whenever Goody was scared or needed someone to talk to, Billy was there to help him. So, this is why Billy and Goody are so connected, even beyond where they are laid to rest,\" Red Harvest further explains to Sam and Vasquez. \"That makes perfect sense,\" Vasquez comments, a feeling of security and happiness creeping into his body as he further talks with the remaining two members of his new family and the outlaw also seems to think that Billy and Goody are keeping each other safe even beyond their gruesome deaths by each other's sides. \"I tell myself I'll see you again,\" Sam Chisholm looks up as an eagle flies by and lands on a small tree near where the horses are tied up. \"What about Horne?\" \"Jack Horne is the river, always staying on course and helping to purify and cleanse the land around him. The river gives life and provides so much hope for the living spirits around it. Jack helped to keep faith strong and helped to cleanse the thoughts of Goody when Billy could not do everything,\" Red Harvest finishes the beliefs he has about how and why the four missing members of his team can be found in the nature around the three survivors. All the minds of the three men have been cleared at this moment in time, and each man has different thoughts with this knowledge and belief system being out in the open. Vasquez knows he will not have any nightmares tonight as long as he can hear the wolf, eagle, wind, and river around him. Sam can look forward to hearing the wind rustle through the grass and think it is Billy Rocks. Seeing an eagle would remind the double officer from Wichita, Kansas of Goody Robicheaux; wolf howls or sights of a wolf would give him a brief vision of the rash, bold, and loyal Joshua Faraday. Hearing or getting water from the river would be like hearing a Bible verse or getting a gift from Horne as he talked about his wife and child. Red Harvest just simply knows that his friends will now be more at peace now that they know that Joshua, Jack, Billy, and Goody are still in the hearts, minds, and spirits of the three survivors and all of those left in Rose Creek. \"And those four stars right there, are their places in the Heaven of your God that Horne spoke so much about,\" Red Harvest finishes with a smile before he curls up inside his blanket to get ready to sleep before his guard shift later in the night. They could never be too careful sleeping outdoors after what they've been through…. \" We miss you like crazy,\" Sam tells the four deceased men from their original party of seven. \"Someday I'll see you again,\" Vasquez promises once more, placing his blanket over his legs as he lays his head against the log where he can get his sleep since last night was filled with nightmares. \"You never really left,\" Red Harvest tells their friends, still believing that the souls and spirits of his friends can hear him and that they are there in the world where the three of them can have some peace of mind. \"You're gone but not forgotten,\" Vasquez grins, finally able to smile for once in the three weeks since the Battle of Rose Creek. \"Hey, guero, I heard you howling. Ya always did have a strong set of lungs on you. Sleep well, mi hermano.\" \" We'll never leave you,\" Sam promises as he looks over at the four empty blankets that they lay out every night for sanity and ritual sake while also trying to honor their dead friends' memories. \"Your memory will live on with us, and we always take your belongings with us.\" \"No, this is not goodbye,\" Red Harvest whispers, and all three of them settle down for a night's rest, though Sam remains on guard for his two friends. No. Sam remains on guard for his two brothers. Nothing would ever separate them, and of that Sam would fight until his last breath for. He knows that Vasquez and Red Harvest would do the same for him and for each other. They are a family, and the four bodies buried back in Rose Creek marked with crosses in the field would only be a resting place for the bodies. The spirits of Billy Rocks, Goody Robicheaux, Jack Horne, and Joshua Faraday would never leave the presence or memories of Red Harvest, Sam Chisolm, and Vasquez for as long as they may live and breathe. They were a family, all seven of them, and even death could not separate them from one another. Author's Note: Well, this is my first Magnificent 7 FanFiction, and I hope everyone enjoyed it! I just saw this movie yesterday, and I had this idea as soon as I left the theatre. I understood that some sacrifice had to be made to defeat Bogue, but I had hoped that none of the Seven would die, because I really loved all seven of them, and loved the family they made. I also have a happier ending, unlike this one, but I did not have enough time to write that today. School starts back for me on January 3 rd from my Christmas Break of high school. So, keep an eye out on my profile page or the fandom for any other Magnificent 7 stories from me, especially since the rest of them will most likely by AUs of the movie where all the men live. That's all I have to say for now, other than thank you all for reading and reviews are always appreciated to let me know what my readers liked and what they may want more of. Hope everyone enjoyed the story, and I hope to hear from you soon! Enjoy your day, afternoon, or night! ","Summary":" You Never Really Left Disclaimer: None of the characters are mine, however the plot is. The charact"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"Color Me Impressed","Author":"AMKelley","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12311521","Passage":"[Chapter 1] By all rights, Josh should be dead right now with a bullet between his eyes. But here he was, heart still beating and blood pumping through his veins. He's had some close calls before and knocked on death's door more times than he'd care to admit, but he's never felt more alive than in this moment. Josh was still so wired with adrenaline that he couldn't go to sleep. Luckily, he's wasn't the only one awake. Vasquez and Goody were still huddled around the campfire while everyone else slept soundly. After Josh's many failed attempts to fall asleep, he ended up right there with them by the fire. He had a stick and was poking at the fire with it, mind racing over the events of the day. He'd be dead if it weren't for that Native Red Harvest and his insane reflexes. One moment Josh had a rifle aimed point blank at his head and the next there was an arrow sticking through his attacker's chest. It all happened so fast. Josh wasn't sure if it actually did until Red Harvest came up and yanked the arrow out of the other man's body. The expression on Red's face had been devoid of any emotion as he regarded the well-being of his cohort. Josh could only describe it as the stare of a man who's killed at least a dozen white men and is completely okay with killing one more. Josh knew that if things were a little different in this world and he turned out to be someone else entirely, that arrow would have been meant for him. But Red Harvest chose to save him and that left Josh with an overwhelming sense of gratitude. Vasquez and Goody were idly chattering back and forth as Josh sat there illuminated by the glow of the fire, staring out in the distance beyond the camp. He spotted Red Harvest perched on a big rock, keeping watch over everyone as they slept quietly. Josh isn't sure if he ever saw the boy sleep, come to think of it. How those Natives were capable of surviving with no sleep and little food was beyond Josh's understanding. Those people were clearly on a higher plane of being. Josh watched as Red Harvest scanned the surrounding area and beyond with his hawk like gaze and finely tuned senses. Red Harvest hadn't said anything to Josh after saving his life and the white man didn't even get the chance to thank him for doing so. Josh had been too paralyzed in shock and awe to do much of anything after his brush with death. Now that his head was clear and his nerves had settled some, Josh felt guilty for not saying something to Red Harvest a lot sooner. Before he knew it, Josh tossed the stick away and was getting up from his spot by the campfire. He dusted himself off and straightened his vest out slightly, mostly as an afterthought. His movement stirred Vasquez and Goody out of their conversation and both men looked up at Josh with a curious gaze. \"Gonna catch ya some sleep?\" Goody asked, making Josh pivot on his heel. \"I figured I'd go and keep Red company,\" Josh explained, feeling confident. Vasquez and Goody shared a hearty chuckle amongst themselves, taking Josh for a fool, but it died down gradually when Josh's face remained impassive. \"You're serious?\" Goody inquired, a look of amazed horror spreading across his face. \"Are you trying to get yourself scalped?\" \"Hell, I wouldn't be surprised if guerro here ends up getting skinned from head to toe,\" Vasquez jokingly added, slapping at his knee. \"I plan on keeping my hair and my hide exactly where they are, thank you very much,\" Josh defended, finding their attitudes to be in poor taste. \"Besides, y'all never tried speaking to him before, so how would you know?\" \"Cus he's a redskin who don't speak english,\" Goody stated blatantly. \"Sam's the only one who knows what he's saying half the time and even if he does have a good grasp on the english language, what makes you think he'd waste it talkin' to you?\" \"I'm a funny guy!\" Josh boasted, hooking his thumbs at himself. \"I have a good story or two in me to keep someone entertained.\" \"I think what Goody's trying to say is that you're the wrong color to be bonding with a Native, hombre,\" Vasquez enlightened, giving a small shrug. \"You, Sam, and Billy come from a more colorful background and we're all friends, aren't we?\" Josh argued, flabbergasted by their obtuse outlook. \"Fellas like Red Harvest ain't too keen on making friends with white folk, and for good reason,\" Goody informed, nodding over towards the young Native off in the distance. \"I ain't like other white folk,\" Josh claimed, crossing his arms over his chest. \"Red don't care about stuff like that,\" Vasquez said, shaking his head with disdain. \"He comes from a culture where white men aren't to be trusted.\" \"You know what, to hell with both y'all,\" Josh admonished, standing his ground. They weren't aware that Red Harvest had saved his life earlier today and Josh didn't plan on telling them either on a count of being embarrassed about it. \"At least I ain't a coward for tryin' to talk to him.\" \"No, it just means you're stupid,\" Goody barked, sharing another burst of laughter with Vasquez. Josh rolled his eyes and stomped off, leaving the two men to cackle like a couple of jackals. He didn't need their negativity to keep him from trying to establish a common ground between him and Red Harvest. After all, Red Harvest did save him, so the Native couldn't hate him too much. Besides, the kid had no reason to hate Josh in particular. He never wronged Red in any way from what Josh can remember and he's done right by the group so far. Josh was a nice guy once he warmed up to strangers… Still, it doesn't explain why he was so nervous as he walked over to the young Native warrior. Even though Josh had a surge of confidence as he approached Red Harvest he was getting cold feet quick, but even as the thought to turn tail and run crossed his mind it was too late. He was already by the huge rock Red Harvest was sitting on and his loud footfalls had attracted the kid's attention. Red Harvest didn't move a muscle when Josh filtered into his peripheral vision, but when Josh didn't say anything Red Harvest did tilt his head in the white man's direction. \"You, uh, see anythin' out there?\" Josh started, motioning towards the plain of land in the distance. Red Harvest regarded Josh with a once over, turning his head further to get a better look at the man, and promptly shook his head. Josh nodded, awkwardly stuffing his hands into his pockets when Red's watchful gaze didn't deviate from him. Josh glanced at Red Harvest, noticing the black and red paint still on the young warrior's face. It was a little smudged from sweat, but remained perfectly intact other than that. Red Harvest gave him a look as if he was asking Josh what he was staring at. Getting close to Red Harvest was like trying to tame a wild animal. It was a gradual process that required patience, careful footing, and trust. Somehow, this felt more dangerous than taming a wild stallion. \"I like yer war paint, by the way,\" Josh commented, pointing at his own face to mirror Red Harvest. He gestured along with his words just in case the Native couldn't understand what he was saying. \"It brings out the color in yer eyes. Really makes 'em… pop.\" Pop ? What the hell was he saying? Maybe Josh did have a death wish and any moment Red Harvest would disembowel him for making fun of his culture's traditions. It's not like Josh was doing it on purpose. He was just trying to break the ice by giving the kid a compliment. Josh faltered with his wording when Red Harvest didn't make any attempt to look away from him. \"How old are you?\" Josh stammered instead, fidgeting under hawk like eyes. \"You look really young. Like yer still a kid. Then again, you could be older and just have one of them faces that don't age. Not that it matters much either way.\" \"Why do you speak at me?\" Red Harvest asked, knocking Josh for a loop when he ditched his mother language and opted to speak in the white man's tongue. \"You speak english? No shit!\" Josh nearly exclaimed, face lighting up. \"Pardon the language, but hot damn… Yer just full of surprises, Red. How much do you know?\" \"Some,\" Red Harvest replied, finding Josh's reaction a little overzealous but oddly endearing. \"Some is better than none, I suppose. And I ain't too picky about company,\" Josh gushed with a dumb smile. \"Why do you say these things about my paint?\" Red Harvest reiterated before Josh can go on another tangent. \"Oh, uh, it's a compliment,\" Josh stated plainly. Red Harvest made a face like he wanted Josh to explain and the white man quickly added, \"It's somethin' you do when you appreciate someone. You say somethin' you admire about them and it makes them smile.\" As Josh said this, Red Harvest's face remained placid and unmoved by his words and Josh smirked to himself. \"Well, at least most of the time it does,\" Josh shrugged with a brief chuckle. \"Shouldn't you be with your people?\" Red Harvest inquired, trying to sound disinterested. \"Well, I hope you take no offense, but I consider you to be my people ,\" Josh revealed, treading over his words carefully. \"White man not my people,\" Red Harvest dismissed, gaze unwavering as he stared Josh down. Almost like he was insulted by the idea. Josh frowned slightly, shoulders slumping when Red Harvest didn't automatically agree with him. Josh didn't know what he was expecting in the first place, seeing as how this was a long shot. Did he really think a Native could be his friend? Maybe not… But Josh didn't believe it was entirely unheard of. After all, Josh was used to taking long shots. Red Harvest might be some fierce warrior, but Josh wasn't backing down. Even if the kid scared the hell out of him. \"Now listen here, I know my kind and yer kind don't mix well, and that is a complete understatement, but you've done right by me and the rest of the fellas,\" Josh explained, asserting himself and standing his ground as he stepped further into Red Harvest's space. \"That means yer one us now. Whether you like it or not.\" Red Harvest didn't say anything for what seemed like the longest time and just stared at the white man who was bold enough to speak to him with such conviction. Red Harvest has killed men for less than that, but there was something in the way Josh conveyed himself that made the young warrior genuinely curious. He hated to admit it, but he tolerated Josh to some extent. The man was a smooth-talking, wisecracking gambler with a drinking habit, but damn was he handsome and charismatic as hell. Red Harvest could see the disappointment in his elder's eyes now even as he thought this. He's letting his guard down and practically giving the white man permission to seduce him with words. \"Your words are nothing,\" Red Harvest deflected, squaring his jaw when Josh wandered too close to him. The warrior stood up from his perch and sized up to Josh, hoping to induce fear in the other man. \"Leave now.\" \"Alright, fine. You win, okay?\" Josh conceded, holding his hands up and backing away when Red Harvest advanced on him. They were so close Josh could feel the kid's breath on his lips. \"Can I just say one more thing?\" \"What?\" Red Harvest allowed, inches away from Josh's face to illicit fear. \"I just wanted to thank you for earlier today. You saved my life even though you weren't obligated to and I appreciate that more than you can understand,\" Josh whispered, like he was too afraid to admit it out loud for fear the others might hear. \"Yer one hell of a warrior, kid. You really made me question the way I see yer kind and I respect that. So, in other words, thank you.\" Red Harvest looked slightly crestfallen as Josh gave him an apologetic smile before he turned to leave the Native alone. He didn't know why he was still so defensive after all this time traveling with these men, but old habits die hard. Red Harvest was so used to being alone that he automatically shunned anyone who tried to approach him. Josh was one of the more successful in his crusade to befriend him, but even the white man backed down eventually because Red Harvest was too proud to admit he kind of enjoyed the company. Sure, Josh was loud and ran his mouth and even made some colorful remarks to Vasquez on occasion by imitating the Mexican's language in an ignorant way, but it was good-natured because Vasquez would joke right back with him. Because they were friends . Red Harvest didn't think he'd ever be comfortable with Josh making fun of his culture, even as a joke, but he could be the white man's friend if he really tried. Josh hadn't made fun of him once when he was talking, so Josh seemed to respect Red Harvest enough not to pull that charade on him. Or maybe he was too terrified to try. Either way, Red Harvest found himself reaching out to grab Josh by the arm before he could make his slow retreat back to the camp. Josh spun around, taken aback by the way Red Harvest grappled at his bicep. The look on the kid's face was even more priceless as he was actually showing his emotions for once. Josh thought he could see worry on the young warrior's face as well as a smidgen of heartache. Like he was upset Josh didn't try harder to get through to him. \"Why do you treat me as your equal?\" Red Harvest demanded, pulling Josh in close to him as he searched the white man's face for any hint of deceit. \"I already told you why. How come you saved my life?\" Josh shot back in rapid fire. Sometimes his talking was just as fast as his gunslinging. \"You had no reason to. None of the other fellas was there, you coulda let that yellow-bellied poor sport shoot me and rob me blind and they woulda been none the wiser, but you didn't. Hell, I ain't even sure what you were doing out there in the first place. Unless you was already followin' me.\" The grip on Josh's arm faltered for a moment, loosening slightly as Red Harvest slowly let go of the white man and let his hand drop down to his side. It's true. Red Harvest had been following Josh. He followed him down to the saloon and watched him play cards with a few unfortunate men gullible enough to bet all their money. Josh pulled the same tricks he usually did by showing off his slide of hand and illusions the white man called magic . Red Harvest didn't know why he followed Josh. Maybe he was curious to see the man in his natural environment or maybe, deep down, he really did care for Josh's well-being and opted to look out for him. \"Look, I don't care what you were doin'. If you were followin' me or not,\" Josh sighed, seeing the war raging in Red Harvest's eyes. \"But letting yer guard down just a little bit and enjoyin' the company of others doesn't have to be as hard as yer makin' it. We ain't about to stab you in the back while you sleep. If you even do sleep, that is...\" \"I sleep,\" Red Harvest claimed, offering what seemed like a small smile. It was hard to tell because of the face paint. \"Coulda fooled me,\" Josh commented, letting his voice drop to a low rumble. \"Wouldn't be hard,\" Red Harvest jested, grinning from ear to ear this time when his remark finally dawned on the white man. \"If I didn't know any better, I'd say that was a joke,\" Josh observed, crossing his arms over his chest as if he was impressed by the young Native's quick tongue. \"My people are fierce warriors, but even we still have a sense of humor,\" Red Harvest explained, feeling pleased that he was surprising Josh. It felt great to see that look of wonder flit across Josh's face. \"Color me impressed, then,\" Josh huffed with a deep chuckle. Josh spared a glance over to the campfire, noticing Vasquez and Goody had turned in for the night, and turned back to Red Harvest who hadn't stopped staring at him. There was something peculiar in Red's gaze, something unreadable that begged explanation, and it made the hairs on Josh's arms stand up. A cool breeze passed through and it made a shudder roll down Josh's spine. He wrapped his arms around himself and jerked his head over towards the fire. \"It's gettin' a little chilly out here. You wanna join me by the fire?\" Josh offered with a hopeful arch of his brows. \"I need to keep watch,\" Red Harvest said as an excuse, but Josh wasn't having it. \"Taking a break ain't gonna get you killed,\" Josh urged, grabbing Red Harvest by the wrist and pulling him along slightly. \"It might,\" Red Harvest surmised, not even attempting to pull himself free from Josh's grip. \"Come on,\" Josh enforced, tugging Red Harvest over towards the fire. Red Harvest followed the white man, not having much choice in the matter, and let Josh lower him onto the log near the campfire. Normally, Red Harvest wouldn't have let anyone direct him around like a child, let alone touch him, but Josh seemed adamant on touching the young warrior as much as possible. He was ashamed to admit it, but Red Harvest didn't mind feeling Josh's gentle grip wrapped around his wrist. The warmth of the fire washed over Red Harvest's bared arms and chest and he sighed with content. He hadn't realized how cold he was until now. Josh took a seat next to the Native, scooting in rather close to Red Harvest as he did. He was so close to the young warrior that his body heat had started to radiate off of him and seep into the tanned skin pressed up against Josh's own arm. Oddly enough, Red Harvest made no effort to move away from Josh despite the man invading his personal space. \"Ain't this nice?\" Josh asked, his voice nothing more than a faint murmur against Red's ear. Josh reached out and ran a hand down the kid's bicep, squeezing the muscles there slightly. \"I can already feel you warmin' up. I don't see how you could possibly keep warm dressed the way you are.\" \"What's wrong with how I dress?\" Red Harvest inquired defensively, cheeks filling in with heat. \"Nothin'!\" Josh gushed immediately, dropping a hand down to clutch at Red Harvest's knee tenderly as if the kid might get up and leave. \"I like the things you wear. I think puttin' yerself on display the way you do instills fear in the hearts of men.\" \"How do you mean?\" Red Harvest asked, scrunching his eyebrows at the white man curiously as he glanced down at the hand on his leg. \"Well, yer showin' off all them muscles. Lettin' people know how strong you are,\" Josh elaborated, looking directly into Red Harvest's eyes. They're so close they can feel each other's breaths fanning over their faces. \"Although, to be honest, they don't scare me much.\" \"No?\" \"Not at all,\" Josh said in a sultry tone. \"Why not?\" Red Harvest pressed, feeling himself lean further into Josh's body heat. \"I guess you can say I'm impressed by yer body more than anythin',\" Josh stammered, trying to pick his words carefully as his thumb idly rubbed over Red's leg. \"Yer very well built and firm . I appreciate a man who could probably knock me on my ass.\" \"I wouldn't want to hurt you,\" Red Harvest admitted, gauging Josh's reaction as he did. The glow from the fire flickered and danced across Red Harvest's painted face, illuminating him as something otherworldly and fierce. As something to be reckoned with. The low light of the fire somehow managed to make the Native appear much older than he was, almost like he was hardened by death and war and it made Josh's heart race. He felt like he was burning up from being this close to the fire, but then he realized he was hot because of being near Red Harvest. \"Maybe I deserve it?\" Josh reasoned, murmuring because he was already so close to the kid. \"You have done nothing wrong,\" Red Harvest stated, letting himself be drawn in by the allure of the white man. \"Not yet, but I could. I could do the most wrong thing in the world this very moment,\" Josh issued, curling his hand in towards Red's thigh tenderly. \"I guarantee it'll earn me a busted lip and a nice shiner. Assumin' you don't kill me first, that is.\" \"Try and find out,\" Red Harvest challenged, daring Josh to make the move he was too nervous to do himself. \"Suppose yer right,\" Josh concurred, licking his lips nervously. He leaned in towards Red Harvest by a small fraction, noticing the way the kid didn't budge from his spot as he did. The heat radiating between them was almost unbearable and it got to the point where Josh could feel a bead of sweat rolling down the small of his back. Red Harvest's presence was so intoxicating that it left Josh slightly light-headed. Josh got as close as pressing his forehead against Red's before he stopped dead in his tracks and reluctantly chickened out at the last second. Josh leaned back, giving Red Harvest his space once again and retracted his hand. Red Harvest was taken aback by Josh's sudden reluctance and the expression on the kid's face almost looked disappointed as his jaw clenched rhythmically when nothing happened. It didn't make sense to Red Harvest why Josh wouldn't go through with it when he got so far with the young warrior. He got to the point where their lips were almost touching and Red Harvest hadn't even flinched. It was clear that Red was going to let Josh follow through with his plan. \"I guess I don't got the stones after all,\" Josh laughed off nervously, heart pounding so fast he thought he might go into cardiac arrest. \"I shouldn't have bothered you. I'm sorry.\" Red Harvest's heart dropped ever so slightly and he tried not to look obvious when his shoulders slumped. Josh was scooting away from him, clearly feeling guilty that he almost took advantage of the situation just to sate his own personal need to get something he couldn't have. Josh turned back to stare resolutely at the fire and made a motion as if he was fixing to stand up and walk away. In an act of desperation, Red Harvest reached out with his quick reflexes and grabbed Josh by the front of his vest. He yanked Josh back down onto the log, causing him to topple over and fall into Red Harvest. Josh's hands instinctively went out in front of him to stop him from falling and ended up gripping tightly onto one of Red Harvest's arms and a thigh. Before Josh knew what hit him, the young Native had their mouths pressed firmly against one another. Josh breathed in sharply through his nose and let his lips lock into place with Red's. Red Harvest grappled at the front of Josh's vest, knuckles turning white from how hard he was clenching his fists, too afraid to let go. After a brief moment terror washed over Josh, the white man relaxed and settled into the kiss properly. He rubbed a soothing hand up along Red Harvest's bare arm and curled the other around one of the kid's hips to hold him in place. Red Harvest let out a sigh as he tilted his head into the kiss and deepened it. Eventually, Red Harvest relaxed when he felt Josh wouldn't try to hightail it out of here and ran his hands up the man's chest. His hands curled over Josh's broad shoulders and gripped tenderly at the knots he felt under his fingertips. Josh made an appreciative noise deep in his throat and opened his mouth against Red Harvest's ever so slightly. Red Harvest took the hint and mimicked the white man's movement until he could feel his tongue running along his bottom lip. Josh's tongue found it's way inside of Red Harvest's mouth and sought out contact. Red Harvest let his tongue curl and press against Josh's in an undulating caress that mingle with dampness. Josh could taste the faint traces of blood in Red's mouth from the animal he hunted down earlier for the group. It was an odd flavor, nothing like how a kiss of this nature should taste, but it was weirdly pleasant and fitting considering who Josh was kissing right now and Josh wouldn't have it any other way. Josh realized, belatedly, that one of the guys can wake up at any moment and catch him kissing Red Harvest, but it didn't deter him from his efforts. They could all be watching him and the kid going at it for all he cared. There wasn't a damn thing that would stop Josh from kissing Red Harvest now. The world could be ending and Josh would gladly die a happy man just to feel those firm but soft lips against his for just one second longer. Josh had to stop himself from wanting to cup Red's face a few times so as not to disturb his face paint. After another brief interval, they parted from each other breathlessly, but not before Red Harvest nipped gently at Josh's bottom lip. Neither one of them wanted to stop and the tingling sensation left from the kiss lingered long after they caught their breath. They pressed their foreheads together and Red Harvest just stared deeply into the white man's eyes, rubbing idly at broad shoulders and occasionally reaching up to caress Josh's stubbled face in his hands. Red Harvest hadn't the faintest idea what made him want to kiss Josh, but he suddenly didn't want to let go of the man. Even now as they sit here by the campfire staring at each other and breathing in their shared oxygen, Red Harvest is feeling protective of his companion. Red Harvest still didn't trust white men as far as he could throw them, but Josh was different. Josh wasn't condescending or aggressive towards him and he had been afraid to kiss Red Harvest. The young warrior knew Josh had a lot of bite when it was necessary, but he could also bark up a storm without having the conviction to back it up. Maybe that's what separated him from other white men. Despite how much Josh would deny it, he actually had a lot of compassion and a conscience. He protected his friends and he treated them with respect, aside from the times when he'd been too busy hitting a bottle and civility flew out the window. It also helped that Josh was kind of scared of Red Harvest. \"Well, I guess that answers that question,\" Josh offered, clearing his throat to let out an anxious chuckle. His face was as red as the warrior's face paint. \"That was really somethin' else. I ain't never done nothin' like that.\" \"With a Native?\" Red Harvest inquired, still holding onto Josh. \"With a man,\" Josh admitted, feeling hot shame wash over him as the words stuck in his throat. \"Always been too afraid to try. Too ashamed.\" \"You enjoy?\" Red Harvest pressed, anxious to hear what Josh might say. \"How could I not?\" Josh hummed, fingering curiously at Red's vest. He felt guilty for admitting it out loud. \"No reason to be ashamed, then,\" Red Harvest affirmed, kissing Josh's softly on the lips in a gentle embrace. \"We're all children of Earth. It's in our nature to love and be loved.\" Red Harvest leaned back, making Josh take a good look at him as the fire danced around the shadows on their faces. Red Harvest extended a hand out towards Josh and laid the flat of his palm against Josh's beating heart, causing the white man to shudder from the sudden warmth. \"To feel connected with another,\" Red Harvest continued, noticing the way Josh's heart sped up. \"Oh, Red…\" Josh sighed, draping his hand over Red Harvest's in an affectionate gesture. \"It ain't so simple.\" \"Life not simple,\" Red Harvest argued, feeling the heat rise in his cheeks. \"White man always want easy. But life not easy. You learn. You grow. You want happiness, you earn it. Not give up! Life too short to live in fear.\" Josh is taken aback by the kid's sudden passion on the matter. He never expected Red Harvest to speak english, let alone be able to rattle off philosophic advice on how Josh should stop being such a coward and toughen up. The young warrior had a fiery attitude as he spoke and his tone was firm and demanding. He couldn't have foreseen Red Harvest to be so intense and opinionated on such trivial topics like love and life, but it made Josh fall even harder for the young Native. \"You're right,\" Josh concurred, voice nothing but a small murmur by now. \"If I want somethin', I gotta fight for it no matter what the cost.\" Josh curled his hand around the palm pressed up against his heart and held it in place, staring deeply into Red Harvest's eyes like he could fall in them at any moment. This time Josh brought a hand up to the warrior's face and cupped it in an ardent caress, throwing caution to the wind as he stroked a thumb over Red Harvest's painted face. Despite the queasy feeling in the pit of his stomach where guilt twisted into shame, this felt right . Touching and kissing Red Harvest felt good, but above all else it felt right and that's all that mattered. Still, Josh felt vulnerable and alone after giving himself over to one of his more abnormal desires and the thought of bearing the burden by himself made his head spin with dizziness. \"I can't do it on my own,\" Josh croaked, bearing himself to the young Native before him. Red Harvest smiled, actually smiled , and shook his head fondly. He ran a hand through Josh's hair, giving it a once over before slender fingers wrapped around the back of Josh's perspiring nape in a tender embrace. \"You don't have to,\" Red Harvest vowed, sealing his promise with a kiss. ","Summary":" By all rights, Josh should be dead right now with a bullet between his eyes. But here he was, heart"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"Family Portrait","Author":"The Emcee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12641180","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Family Portrait Author: The Emcee Rating: T Pairings: Billy Rocks/Goodnight Robicheaux; Vasquez/Joshua Faraday Summary: \"In our family portrait we look pretty happy. We look pretty normal. Let's go back to that.\" Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters, fandom, or song lyrics. A/N: I wanted to write something that wasn't smut and, well, this came to mind. Feel free to leave a comment in the towel section down below and enjoy! ~…~ Family Portrait Part One: 'Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.' – Lao Tzu ~…~ Never in his life had he been so nervous. There had been plenty of times when he had been; the first time he had asked a girl to a school dance, the time he signed up for the army, the first time he killed a man. Yes, there had been numerous times when he'd been nervous. And yet, none of them had prepared him for what he was about to do. Goodnight inhaled deeply, held it for a moment, and exhaled slowly. Releasing his hands from the steering wheel of his car, he saw that they were shaking badly. Clenching them into fists, he held them that way for a good minute before unclenching them, hoping that that would diminish the trembling, but alas, it hadn't worked. Hell, nothing probably would've helped quell his nerves, not even a few good shots of whatever liquor he managed to get ahold of. Was it even worth it, what he was about to do? Would it even matter in the end? Would it change anything, or make it worse? His stomach was in knots, so much so that he feared he might vomit. Goodnight was sure he was paler than a ghost and sweating like a pig. Good Lord, why did this have to be so difficult? Shaking his head, he grasped the keys, still in the ignition, and started to turn them. He was better off going home and forgetting about the whole thing. It would only bring ruin anyway. What had he been thinking when he decided to do this? Nothing would be worth the consequences. Not even… Goodnight stopped when he heard his phone go off, the ringtone soft yet familiar. It was the one he had assigned for Billy. He didn't bother getting his phone out to check what the message said; he had a pretty good idea. Shutting his eyes tightly, Goodnight took his hand away from the ignition, taking the keys with it. Clutching them in his fist, he counted to ten as he breathed in and out slowly in a vain attempt to calm himself down. No matter how stupid or foolish doing this seemed, the reason why was far, far more important: Billy. Billy had been his saving grace when he came home after being discharged from the army. Getting shot had saved his life, something Goodnight found rather ironic, but it was Billy who saved his soul. Things hadn't been easy on him while in the service, and coming back home to live a normal life again had seemed next to impossible. The nightmares alone would've drove any man insane, but it was the voices and the hallucinations that had taken the most toll on him. Hardly anyone understood. His baby brother, Joshua, had been there for him as best he could, but not even he could bring Goodnight back from the darkness that clouded his mind. It was Billy who kept him on the level, who stuck by him through the worst of it, who helped him fight his demons the most, even the ones Joshua didn't know about. When they had met, Goodnight had had no idea just how important Billy would be to him. Now, after almost fifteen years, he couldn't imagine life without the man. Billy was the most important person to him and Goodnight would do anything for him, including this. After fifteen years together, after dating for so long and living together even longer, it was time to take that final step. They wanted to get married, and they wanted children. But as things were now, that couldn't happen, not exactly, and that was because of one very big issue standing in their way. Goodnight's mother. Now, Goodnight loved his mother dearly; after all, she had given him life, had raised him, had been there when his daddy died, and had given him a brother when she remarried, a brother who was one of his best friends. She could be kind and caring and considerate, but she was old-fashioned. His mother didn't believe in homosexuality or gay marriage or that gay couples should raise children. A devout Christian, she was against anything she deemed 'unnatural' and that went against the teachings of the church. Goodnight had never told her he was gay. He had found out in high school, when he realized he'd rather ask the star quarter back to the dance instead of the girl he had been seeing. It had taken him a while to accept that part of himself, and when he had, all he could see was Billy. When the shame and guilt had finally ebbed away, because of Billy, he had found some semblance of peace in at least one area of his life. But he still kept it hidden from his mother. He had never told her, and as a result, he had to hide how he felt about Billy. Family functions and holidays were spent without the love of his life, and Goodnight had to endure his mother's not so subtle hints about wanting grandchildren and telling him about who was single in the neighborhood. Women he had never met would be sitting in his mother's living room whenever he would visit, batting their eyes at him, trying to be coy and flirtatious while his mother would look on with pride and satisfaction, thinking that she would finally be 'the one'. Unbeknownst to her, Goodnight already had a 'one' and she wasn't going to like who it was. And as patient and understanding as Billy was, he was also getting tired. Tired of waiting, tired of hiding, tired of being treated like a dirty secret. In the past few years, they had had more arguments over this issue than anything else and it was taking its toll on both of them. Goodnight owed it to Billy to do him right and to tell his mother about their relationship, even if it cost him the one he shared with her. As much as he loved his mother, his love for Billy outweighed it and Goodnight didn't want to lose him, not after all they had been through. Stuffing the keys into his pants pocket, Goodnight got out of the car and made his way to the front door. Each step weighed a ton and his heart grew heavier and heavier, but he pressed on. He knew the way like the back of his hand, knew every crack in the concrete pathway that lead to the front porch, and he briefly wondered if he'd ever miss it, because he knew this talk wasn't going to end well. As he stood in front of the doors, Goodnight took a look around the large porch, trying to commit as much to memory as possible. There had been many times when he'd played on this very same porch, read a book on the porch glider, watched as Joshua would play with his toy dinosaurs and cars. So many memories… Would his mother think of them when he told her? Doubtful. Taking a deep breath, Goodnight opened the door and walked inside. Sunshine lit the house up as it did every did since before he could remember. Every room was the same as it had been since he was a child. Every piece of furniture, every book, every photograph, all in the same place as they had always been. How long would it take for him to forget how it all looked, what every book and photograph was? Although his mother's house had long stopped being his home, the memories that were held within would always remain dear to him. \"Goodnight, is that you?\" his mother's voice called out to him. It sounded like she was in the kitchen, which would make sense. At ten o'clock in the morning, she usually had her morning tea before she would go out into the sun room and read. \"Yes, Mama, it's me,\" Goodnight replied. He walked through the foyer and down the hall that lead to the kitchen. \"It's a good thing you called me this morning, otherwise I wouldn't have enough tea for you,\" his mother said as he entered the kitchen. \"You know I usually only make enough for two cups for myself.\" \"I know, Mama,\" he said. She finished setting every up, putting the sugar and creamer on the breakfast table along with two cups and saucers and, of course, he tea kettle before she sat down. Goodnight followed suit, clasping his hands on his lap to keep them from shaking so badly. It didn't work. \"Now, what is it that is so important that you just had to talk to me about it right away?\" his mother asked him before taking her first sip of tea. Goodnight cleared his throat. His mother looked at him expectantly. It was now or never. Now or never. \"Well, Mama, you know how I haven't…uh, taken much interest in the women you've introduced me to for the past….ten years?\" he started off, wincing just a bit. Even to his own ears he sounded different. \"Well, that's because…I…uh…\" \"Of course I've noticed. I mean, honestly, Goodnight. You're not getting any younger. Why, you're forty; most men your age are already married with children. And all of the women I've introduced you to still ask about you, you know,\" his mother replied. \"Why are you asking? Are-\" His mother stopped. Her eyes grew wide and a big, bright smile spread across her face. She lit up like a Christmas tree and her body almost vibrated with excitement. Goodnight's stomach fell as she continued. \"Oh, my, goodness, Goodnight! You've met someone, haven't you? Oh, baby, I am so happy for you! Why didn't you tell me sooner? What's her name? How'd y'all meet? How long have you been dating?\" his mother practically gushed. Each question stung a bit harder and deeper than the one before it. \"Mama, I…I'm not dating anyone. Not…not exactly,\" he said a little loudly, cutting his mother off. Watching her face fall didn't make him feel any better. \"Oh,\" was all she said. Her body deflated and all of the excitement and joy left her, leaving only a sad, old woman behind. Clearing his throat again, Goodnight shifted his body closer to the edge of his stool. \"Mama, do you remember Billy?\" he asked her. His mother blinked in confusion before a slight frown crossed her features. \"Your friend, Billy Rocks, you mean? What's he got to do with this?\" she asked, sounding a bit put off by the mere mention of Billy's name. His mother had always thought he spent too much time with Billy when he could be out looking for a good wife. \"Well, Mama…I… You gotta understand that it's not easy, trying to tell you this,\" Goodnight said. He swallowed thickly. \"Goodnight, I'm your mother and I will always be your mother. Whatever you have to tell me, just tell me,\" she said, her voice soft. She reached out and placed a hand over top of his clasped ones. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes for a moment. Though he knew that his mother would change her mind once he told her the truth, he wanted to believe and hold onto the hope that she would be understanding and accepting. More than anything, he wanted to hear her say that she would always love and support him no matter what and that she would love to finally meet Billy and welcome him to the family. But Goodnight knew that what he wanted and what would be were totally different. \"Mama, I…I'm gay,\" Goodnight finally managed to get out, opening his eyes and looking at her directly, his eyes staring into his eyes, and he watched as his frown appeared on her face. It deepened as his mother shook her head in denial. \"No. No, you're not, Goodnight. I know you're not. You've always loved women,\" his mother said. He unclasped his hands and put one on top of hers. His heart fell when she retracted it. \"Mama, I am, I am. Billy, he's… You see, Billy and I are together, Mama. He's my fiancé,\" Goodnight told her. He found that it was becoming easier to speak and that a weight was beginning to lift off of his shoulders, though they still remained tense. \"Goodnight, you stop this right now. This joke isn't funny anymore,\" his mother demanded, glaring at him in anger and hurt. He was breaking her heart. Did she know she was breaking his? Did she care? \"It's not a joke, Mama. I'm tellin' you the truth. Look at me,\" he pleaded softly. He tried to reach out and take her chin gently, to make her look him in the eye, but she refused. She stood up and backed away from him, like he were some wild, deranged animal. His hand fell onto the tabletop. \"Goodnight, I mean it. I'll not tolerate these…these…foul jokes in my house, now,\" she told him, looking angrier by the minute. \"Mama, I told you, I ain't joking. I'm gay!\" he shouted, standing up. He was taller than she was, and yet she had never failed to make him feel small. Except for now. For once, he felt as tall as he was in her presence. \"Goodnight, I'm warnin' you. I'm still your mother,\" she snapped at him. \"Yes, you are, but you gotta listen to me. I'm gay, and Billy and I are engaged. Have been for two years now. We've been together for far longer than that,\" he explained, lowering his voice, trying to be calm even though he didn't feel like it. \"I know this is shocking for you, but you gotta listen to me, Mama.\" \"I don't have to do anything, Goodnight. You need to stop talking nonsense now and tell me what you really wanted to talk to me about,\" his mother replied through gritted teeth. \"This is what I wanted to talk to you about. And it's not nonsense. I am gay,\" Goodnight told her. He was starting to feel desperate. \"No, you're not, Goodnight. No child of mine will ever be gay. It's against God's will, Goodnight. You know this. And it's blasphemous to joke about it,\" his mother said, her voice and expression sharp, her eyes glaring steadily at him. \"You're just…confused is all, son. Your mind is still jumbled from the war. That's all.\" \"Mama, I'm not confused and I'm not joking. I'm gay. Please, stop denying it and just…listen to me,\" Goodnight sighed, losing his anger. He was feeling hopeless, more so than when he had watched his friends and comrades die all around him. \"No, I won't, Goodnight. I don't want to listen to you,\" she said. \"Mama, please. Billy and I-\" \"That's it! That explains it!\" his mother cut him off, pointing a finger at him, her eyes wide with certainty, looking for like a mad woman than the woman who had raised him. \"It's all that Billy's fault! I knew from the moment you first mentioned him that he was bad news, that he'd try to turn you against me and plant such…such wicked, disgusting thoughts in your head!\" \"Nothing is Billy's fault! He didn't turn me against you! And we're not disgusting and wicked, Mama! He loves me and I love him. Why can't you just accept that?\" Goodnight yelled at her, stalking towards her, anger and pain in his heart. \"There's nothing wrong with how we feel about each other! It's natural!\" \"No, it is not! It's not natural. He's not natural! And neither are you!\" his mother yelled back. \"It's not natural. It's not wrong and disgusting, and you'll be condemned to hell for this, Goodnight! Don't you see that?! Being gay is sinful!\" \"No, it's not! It's a part of me! It's who I am!\" Goodnight retorted, his heart breaking with every word shouted. He desperately wanted to reach her, but he knew he never would. \"Hell, you have another child who's transgender! Is that unnatural? Is that sinful and hateful?!\" \"Jade is not trans-anything! She is just…confused, like you! That's all,\" his mother grounded out, glaring steadily at him even though her eyes were full of tears. \"No, Mama. Joshua is trans-male. He has been for a long time now. You just refuse to acknowledge it, just like you're refusing to acknowledge that I'm gay and that there's nothing wrong with that,\" Goodnight countered, his chest rising and falling with every heave. \"Both you and Jade are confused, that's all. You just…need to come back to the church. You both loved it as children,\" his mother said, trying to calm down, pleading with him, denial written plainly on her face. \"No, Mama. We don't. Joshua is trans-male and I'm gay. And that's it. It's not sinful and we're not damned,\" Goodnight said, hoping that his softer tone would appeal to her. It didn't. Back again was her cold, stone-like countenance. Her eyes were closed off and he knew that anything he would say now would fall upon deaf ears. \"Then you're both going to hell. I'll not waste any prayers on either of you,\" she said with finality. \"Mama…\" Goodnight began. Her glare stopped him. Never had he seen her so cold and hard, especially towards him. And it chilled him to the bone. \"I'm not your mama. You're no son of mine. I'd never have a gay son,\" she spat at him. \"Now get out of my house. And don't you ever come back again.\" She stood firm, her eyes boring into his very soul. Goodnight felt himself deflate and he took a step backwards, then another. The woman before him wasn't his mother; he didn't know this woman at all. He turned and made his way down the hall and out of the door, his mother trailing after him. Before he could shut the door, it was slammed closed behind him. The noise and the force of it caused him to flinch. Stunned and numb, Goodnight stood on the porch for a minute. He blinked out into the sunlight. It was such a beautiful day; anyone would be happy for such lovely weather. Yet there he was, standing on his mother's porch with a broken heart. Goodnight knew it would be painful, but he didn't think it would hurt quite this much. But what had he been expecting? Did he honestly think she would welcome him with open arms? No, no, he hadn't. Goodnight wasn't that naïve. But he couldn't say that he hadn't hoped… After all, his mother had all but erupted when Joshua came out as trans-male, asking their mother to start referring to him as Joshua. That had been almost as bad as this. Their mother hadn't outright denounced Joshua as her child. Somehow, Goodnight found his way into his car and had driven himself home, though he didn't remember actually doing so. He barely remembered getting out and opening the door to the house he and Billy shared. However, he did remember leaning back against the door and sliding down until he hit the floor. Goodnight's head fell against his knees and before he knew it he was crying. Tears tumbled down his cheeks and onto his pants and the floor. Snot dripped down his face and into his facial hair. His chest rose and fell with every heave and sob that wracked his body. He had no idea how long he remained that way, but eventually the tears subsided and although he would choke on a sob every once in a while and his heart pounded like a drum in his chest, he was starting to calm down. His pocket vibrated and Joshua's ringtone started playing. Digging into his pocket, Goodnight cleared his throat and answered his phone. \"Hey, Joshua,\" he answered, sniffing after doing so. \"Hey, Goody. How'd it go?\" Joshua asked, his voice full of concern. Goodnight could picture his brother's face in his mind and it made him smile just a bit. It was nice to know that at least one part of his family would always be there. \"You know how our mother is,\" was all Goodnight could think to say. \"I'm so sorry, Goodnight. I wish there was something I could do to make you feel better,\" Joshua said, his own voice sounding tight and constricted, like he was trying not to cry himself. \"Just…don't abandon me like she did,\" Goodnight managed to choke out, sniffing and choking back a sob as he did so. He didn't want to cry again, but he felt like he might if he wasn't careful. \"Never! You're my brother. We're family. That's not what family does,\" Joshua told him. Goodnight nodded, the ghost of a smile crossing his lips. He could envision Joshua's fierce look and determination perfectly and it made him feel just a little bit better. \"You're right, baby brother,\" Goodnight muttered softly. \"'Course I'm right! I'm always right,\" Joshua said. He was trying to make Goodnight feel better. Though it would take a lot more than just that to get him back on the level after this morning, it did help a little. \"I wouldn't exactly say that,\" Goodnight said softly. He stood up and his body felt stiff as he stumbled up the stairs towards the bathroom. A shower was in order and maybe a nice drink and a long ass nap. \"Hey, now, was that doubt I heard in your voice?\" Joshua questioned. Goodnight chuckled softly as he entered the bathroom and closed the door behind him. \"Nope, there's not a lick of doubt to be had, brother dear,\" Goodnight told him. \"That's what I thought. Well, I gotta go. I'll talk to you later, okay?\" Joshua asked, the concern still evident in his voice. \"All right, Josh. Tell Vasquez I said hi,\" Goodnight said. \"Will do. Bye,\" Joshua said before hanging up. Putting his phone down on the sink, Goodnight looked at himself in the mirror. Though he was only forty, he looked much older than that, especially now. His mustache and bread were tinged with grey just like his hair. Eyes that had seen so much death and pain and suffering stared back at him, reflecting the hurt he felt within. At that moment, Goodnight felt much older than he looked. Stripping down, Goodnight stepped into the shower and turned it on, letting the hot water rain down upon him, heating up the bathroom and scorching his skin. It felt good. As he let the water soak him to the bone, he replayed the conversation he had with his mom over and over again in his head, knowing there would have been no delicate way to put it, knowing that it wouldn't have gone the way he had wanted to regardless of how hard he had hoped. And yet, even through all of the pain and sorrow that was drowning his soul, Goodnight felt a sense of relief, small though it may be. At least his mother knew about him and Billy now and he would no longer have to hide it from her. Billy would be happy about that, and their arguments about that would cease. Knowing that he had done the right thing for his love and that things would get better was what made it bearable. The water eventually started cooling down and Goodnight quickly washed himself before turning it off and stepping out. His skin was pruned and tender from the hot water of the shower. He made his way to the master bedroom, drying himself off as he did so, and pulled out a fresh pair of boxers and an old shirt. After dressing himself and putting his used towel and clothes into the hamper, he collapsed onto the bed and closed his eyes. A pair of lips on his temple woke him up from his long nap and Goodnight blinked blearily until his vision cleared. And then, there was Billy, crouching down beside him, his eyes full of worry. \"Hey, cher,\" Goodnight greeted, stretching as he did so. \"You didn't message me back, Goody,\" Billy said softly. Though there was the tiniest bit of heat in his words, there was mostly concern. Just like Joshua, Billy knew how hard this morning was going to be. \"I'm sorry, Billy. I forgot about that. I was just…\" Goodnight trailed off. He knew he didn't have to explain. Billy and he always knew when something was wrong with the other, and given that Billy knew what Goodnight had planned for this morning, he didn't need an explanation. \"It's okay, Goody. I know,\" Billy said. He pressed their foreheads together and closed his eyes. Goodnight did the same, smiling softly. Just being this close and intimate was all he needed to bringing him back down to earth. His heart wasn't feeling quite as heavy as before and he was so thankful that Billy was in his life. \"I'm sorry,\" Billy said when he pulled away. There was regret in his eyes and at that, Goodnight sat up on the edge of the bed. He took Billy's face in both of his faces and looked him in the eye. \"Don't you ever be sorry, Billy. It was worth it. You are worth it. I'd rather lose my mother than you, do you understand? That's how much you mean to me,\" Goodnight told him, leaving no room for argument. That didn't mean that Billy wasn't going to try to poke holes in his statements. \"You shouldn't have to choose between your mother and me, Goodnight. It was wrong of me to ask you to come out to her,\" Billy said. Goodnight surged forward and kissed the man fiercely, conveying all of his love into the kiss. Billy kissed him back with just as much fervor and Goodnight's heart soared. When they parted, Goodnight gently grasped Billy's neck and forced their eyes to meet. \"Now, you listen here, Billy Rocks. You didn't make me choose between her and you. And you had every right to want us to be out in the open with our relationship. It wasn't right of me to ask you to hide it, ya hear me? I should have done this a long time ago,\" Goodnight told him. \"I was just too much of a coward to do it until now.\" \"You're no coward, Goody. You're the bravest man I know,\" Billy countered fiercely. He always hated it when Goodnight put himself down. \"I can say the same thing about you, cher,\" Goodnight retorted. They shared another kiss, this one far more chaste and sweet than the previous one, but it still felt like the first one they had ever shared. All of their kisses felt like that. \"I love you, Billy. Much more than you'll ever know,\" Goodnight told him. \"And I love you, Goodnight,\" Billy said before pressing a kiss to his forehead. He stood up, bringing Goodnight with him. \"Now, you need to eat.\" Goodnight couldn't help but chuckle at that. \"Yes, cher. Lead the way,\" Goodnight said. His heart felt lighter than it had since he felt his mother's house. Though he may no longer be welcome in her home or her family, Goodnight hadn't lost everything. He had his brother and he had Billy. As long as he had Billy, everything would be fine in the long run. Getting there might not be easy, but he would fight through hell and back for Billy and he wouldn't regret any of it. That was how much Billy meant to him.[Chapter 2] Title: Family Portrait Author: The Emcee Rating: T+ Summary: 'In our family portrait we look pretty happy. We look pretty normal. Let's go back to that.' Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters or the fandom. A/N: Here's part two of this fic. Feel free to leave a comment in the towel section down below and enjoy! ~…~ Family Portrait Part Two: 'Silence is a source of great strength.' – Lao Tzu ~…~ He was torturing himself. That's all this was. He knew how his mother was. Time and time again she had proven that she wasn't going to change, not by a long shot. Yet here he was. Joshua didn't used to hate visiting his mother. Back when he had just moved out and would come by every Sunday for dinner along with Goodnight, everything had seemed great and all. Even though his mother had always insisted on calling him Jade even though he had asked her numerous times to call him Joshua because that was who he was and even though she would pester Goodnight about finding a good wife and having grandchildren. Anyone with a head on their shoulders could tell Goody was gay, especially when he met Billy after being discharged from the Army. But now… Their mother had disowned Goodnight and flat out refused to see Joshua as who he was, and Joshua was tired. Ever since he was a child, Joshua knew he was meant to be a man. He always went after the boys' clothing in the store and preferred to play with cars and dinosaurs than dolls. According to Goodnight and everyone else who knew Joshua, it was obvious that he was meant to be a man even if he hadn't been born that way. But his mother didn't see it that way. She thought that Joshua was just confused and needed to go to the church more and wear women's clothing and make-up so that he could 'get back in touch with her feminine roots'. Just thinking about it now made him shake his head with disgust. No, it was obvious that his mother would never change, but Joshua still tried to reach her. And he knew that it wouldn't do any good. Their mother was set in her ways and in her way of thinking. Goodnight was condemned and going to hell and so was he, according to their mother. There was no reason for him to want to go to her or talk to her. Joshua had told himself over and over that he was done with her and that he didn't want to see her or talk to her until she could accept him and Goodnight. Clearly, Joshua's resolve wasn't as strong as he had thought it was because he was back at his mother's house after a good year of not seeing her and hardly talking to her. And why? Because he would be going under the knife for his second surgery, his phalloplasty, and for some stupid ass reason, he wanted his mom to be there. This wasn't the first time he had asked her to be present for one of his surgeries. Granted, his mother hadn't shown up to his chest masculinization and he was completely fine with that. Okay, a small part of him was upset that his mother hadn't shown up to give him moral support for a life changing procedure that he had wanted since he was eighteen, but he still wanted her to be there for the second one. Regardless of the fact that his mother would be a total buzz kill and probably cause tension between herself and Vasquez, Goodnight, and Billy. But the boy inside of him still wanted his mommy there with him no matter how bad she'd make the situation. And Joshua knew that she'd tell him no. She had the first time he'd asked. However, Joshua was a glutton for punishment. If he were being honest with himself, he had hoped that such a life changing event would bring his mother around and make her realize that she was being a hypocritical zealot. Deep down, he knew that she would probably never see the error of her ways, but he still wanted to try. Vasquez had told him the first time that he was being foolish, that his mother was never going to change. Joshua knew Vasquez wasn't being an ass or anything like that; he was just protective. He didn't want Joshua to get even more hurt than he had already been. Yet Vasquez also understood where Joshua was coming from. That was one of the best things about their relationship: they understood each other perfectly even if they didn't say anything. Shaking his head, Joshua rang the doorbell. He had given his copy of his mother's house key back to her the last time he had visited. That had been quite some time ago. Now, he thought of his mother as more of a stranger than the woman who had given birth to him. Yet, he still wanted her present at his surgery… \"Jade? Oh, honey, I am so happy to see you,\" his mother said upon opening the door. She gave him a hug, which he stiffly returned, and ushered him into the living room. \"Really? Considering how last time went?\" he asked. Walking through the house was like walking through the past, even though he didn't have that far to walk. A few steps and he was in the living room where he had watched TV with Goodnight; where he'd first made out with Vasquez while his mother was a bingo one afternoon; where his family first started falling apart. \"Oh, now, you hush. Why do you always bring up things like that, Jade?\" his mother asked as she sat down on the love seat. Joshua sat down on the couch directly across from her. \"Ma, how many times do I have to tell you that my name is Joshua now? It has been for years,\" Joshua asked as he situated himself. He sat on the edge of the cushion, elbows resting on his knees. \"You were born my daughter and you will always be my daughter, no matter how hard you try to deny it, Jade,\" his mother told him sternly. Her face softened and she gave him a small, somewhat strained smile. \"Let's put that past us now and just enjoy our visit, hm?\" \"That's going to be impossible, Ma,\" Joshua said with a heavy sigh, running a hand through his hair. \"I'm…getting my phalloplasty surgery next month. And…I…want you to be there…for me. Since, y'know, you are technically my mom.\" Joshua watched as the color drained from his mother's face. Her eyes widened and her lips contorted into a deep frown. One hand rose up to clutch at the cross necklace she always wore. She looked simultaneously mortified and furious. \"Jade, what are you saying?\" his mother asked him through gritted teeth. \"Ma, I'm getting my second surgery, the one where they take out a good portion of my vagina and other workings and give me a-\" Joshua was cut off when his mother held out her hand for him to stop. \"That is quite enough of an explanation in my opinion, Jade,\" she snapped. A shudder wracked her body and she glared at him once she had recovered herself. \"Why would you go through such a procedure? Why…why…ruin what God gave you, Jade Alexandria Faraday? Why?!\" \"I told you a long time ago I felt like I was born in the wrong body, ma. All you told me was that I needed to go to church more and make myself right with God and that he'd give me all of the answers. And then you told me to start acting more like a lady, dressing like one and all of that jazz. Ma, all I wanted was for you to understand and help me!\" Joshua tried, yet again, to explain to her. \"I did help you, but like always, you never listened!\" his mother shouted, standing up, trying to look tall and imposing. Unfortunately for her, Joshua was taller and broader. \"You think religion is the answer to everyone's problems! But it's not. Not for things like this,\" Joshua countered, standing up. Now, she couldn't look down on him. Now, she had to look up at him. \"Complete strangers have been more understanding than you have ever been.\" He said that last sentence so calmly and with a certain finality that his mother jerked back as though she had been slapped. \"I did not raise you to talk back like that, Jade,\" his mother said once she had finally regained her composure. Her eyes had turned cold and steely and her hands were shaking by her sides. Very seldom had Joshua ever seen his mother so angry. When he was a child, the few times she had lost her composure had frightened him. She was, after all, his mother, and according to some relatives and family friends, she brought him into this world and she could take him out. At least, that was his perception when he was younger. Now, however, all he saw was a scornful, hateful harpy wearing his mother's body and face. \"No, you didn't. You raised me to be a bible-loving pushover,\" Joshua retorted, his eyes never leaving her own. Even though tears were shining in his mother's eyes, she wasn't sad or fearful for him; she never had been. His mother turned to the table beside the couch and opened the drawer. From it, she pulled her bible and grasped it to her chest for a moment, as though to conjure strength from it. After inhaling and exhaling, she approached him. Joshua stepped back, back, back until he was pressed against the wall with nowhere to run. \"'A woman must not wear men's clothing, nor a man wear women's clothing, for the Lord God detests anyone who does this.' Deuteronomy 22:5,\" his mother recited from memory, glaring daggers into his eyes. \"Psalm 10:7, 'He who speaks against Me invites the devil to rule him.'\" \"Exodus 20:18, 'She without sin shall cast the first stone.' You remember that one, don't you, Ma?\" Joshua threw back at her, prying his back off of the wall and stepping towards her. This time, it was his mother who backed away. \"Levitcus 9:33, 'Judge not lest ye be judged.'\" \"It's 'he', not she,\" his mother counter weakly. \"I know that, but I wanted to get my point across,\" Joshua told her. \"I think I'll be taking my leave now.\" He turned and strode toward the door. \"Jade! Jade, you get back here! Don't you walk away from your mother, you hear?!\" his mother screamed after him, but Joshua was already out the door. Vasquez had been right. So had Goodnight, Billy, Sam, and everyone else who told him not to ask for her to be there. Hell, Joshua even admitted to himself that this was a torturous and stupid idea, but he had still done it. Getting into his car and ignoring his mother's hands pounding on his window, he backed out of her driveway and started back home. He could sure use a drink right now. Joshua had no idea how fast he was driving, but it only seemed to take a few seconds to get home. Slamming his car door shut, Joshua stormed across the yard and into his house. He made a beeline for the kitchen and opened the refrigeration, grabbing a beer and damn near down the entire thing in one gulp. Just as he was finishing it, he heard Vasquez come down the stairs. \"I heard you storm in, carino. Are you alright?\" came Vasquez's voice, getting closer as he neared the kitchen. Not even a minute later he stepped into it with his hands on his hips, his chest rising and falling, and his eyes full of worry. \"I'm just dandy,\" was all Joshua said in response before throwing the beer bottle away. Vasquez watched him as he moved about the kitchen, putting the dishes into the dish washer and opening the freezer. \"How about some pork chops for supper? It's been a while since we've had an-\" Joshua stopped when he felt a pair of arms wrap around his waist. A firm chest was pressed against his back and lips grazed a kiss against his neck before Vasquez buried his face into the crook of his neck. It was only then that Joshua realized that he was shaking, his hands noticeable so, and that tears were welled up in his eyes, threatening to fall. His left hand was still grasping the freezer door handle and it was the only thing besides Vasquez that was keeping him standing. Closing his eyes, Joshua leaned back against his lover's body. Just as he had feared, his tears began to tumble down his cheeks. His body shook even harder and a soft, strangled sob escaped him before he even had time to quell it. Another kiss was pressed against his skin and the arms around him tightened. \"Sh,\" Vasquez cooed softly, trying to calm him down. He ran his nose up and down his neck and Joshua did his best to focus on Vasquez and his voice. While Joshua cried, Vasquez spoke to him softly, saying anything and everything to calm him down. They had been through this several times before, regardless of how tough of a front Joshua always tried to present. Even he had to admit that he wasn't as detached and emotionless as he wanted everyone to believe. It didn't help that he had always been a bit sensitive about his gender. For a good while after they had first started dating, Vasquez had genuinely thought that Joshua was, well, an actual man. It was during a rather heated make-out session that he had discovered the truth and Joshua broke down completely in front of him. He had been so certain that Vasquez was going to break up with him because he was a freak, a freak who had lied to him. Instead, Vasquez pulled him into his arms and held him, speaking softly just as he was doing now. Whatever they had had before that had changed into something so much more. It had been casual dating, like any other normal high school couple, but after that moment, things changed. And Vasquez hadn't been disgusted or horrified or angry that Joshua had kept a huge secret from him; quite the contrary. He had been compassionate and understanding and he hadn't tried to tell Joshua that he was wrong for being the way he was. If anything, he supported him wholeheartedly, learned everything he could about what Joshua was going through and what procedures he'd have to get done to truly be who he was. And it was in that moment, the moment when Vasquez had first held him so tenderly and had spoken to him so calmly and sweetly, that Joshua truly fell in love with him. Ever since then, no one else would do for Joshua. Vasquez was his one and only and they had built a solid foundation on the trust and respect and love that they held for each other. It sounded cheesy and lame, but it was everything Joshua could ask for and more. If someone had told him prior to Vasquez that he would find a partner who would genuinely accept him, Joshua would've called them a liar, and probably would've punched them too. Now, he couldn't imagine getting through day to day life without him. Sure, they bickered and fought, but it was always like an old married couple, as Jack had often said, and they always managed to work things out in the end. Joshua's mother could go to her church and despise her children for being who they truly were. She could never talk to him again. She could disown him just as she had Goodnight. She could remain the same hateful zealot that she had always been. As long as Joshua had Vasquez, he had the world. And that was enough for him. \"How are you feeling now, Josh?\" Vasquez asked him quietly, his voice barely above a whisper. \"Much better. Thank you,\" Joshua managed to get out, his voice hoarse and his throat dry. He felt Vasquez nod and pull away from him. The loss of his lover's body against his own made Joshua want to whine and pout, but he didn't. Not now, anyway. Maybe later tonight. \"I'm glad to hear. Now, go sit down. I'll take care of dinner. You're in no shame to cook, even if your hands have settled down,\" Vasquez said as he guided Joshua out of the kitchen and into the living room. Joshua sat down on the couch and listened to Vasquez bustle around the kitchen. Leaning back against the couch, he closed his eyes and just listened. Pots and pans clanged. Food sizzled, butter melted, and water bubbled. A soft hum of some song he couldn't name at that moment resounded softly throughout the house. Occasionally, Vasquez would curse, probably from burning himself or something turning out not quite the way he wanted it to even though anything he made was always delicious. Merely listening to his lover in the kitchen calmed Joshua down even further, and as he sat in place he realized something. His mother would never come around and support him or Goodnight; she would never approve of their lifestyles or tell people how proud she was of her boys. And that was okay, because Joshua didn't need her, not as he had when he had been a child. All he needed was his brother, Goodnight, a few close friends, and Vasquez. Whether he was going to hell or not because of his life choices, he didn't know and he didn't care. Joshua was happy with his life and with who he was becoming. Nothing and no one could change that, not so long as he had a partner like Vasquez supporting him through it. Nothing else mattered to him but that. ","Summary":" Title: Family Portrait Author: The Emcee Rating: T Pairings: Billy Rocks/Goodnight Robicheaux; Vasq"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"The Avatar","Author":"vahanian","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12383385","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is an AU where all of the seven have powers from the Air bender movie. Joshua Faraday knew he was different when he was ten years old. While it wasn't unheard of around these parts for someone to have a bending skill, it was unheard of for someone to have more than one. In the big cities bending was very rare with perhaps one in twenty showing any signs of a skill, but the further out people moved the ratio changed to every two in ten that presented with a skill. Josh's mother was an air bender, and what he had been told of his father, because he had left when Josh was young, he was a water bender. So when Josh had presented with an air bending skill, everyone assumed that that was his talent. He spent his days practising his air bending by flinging pebbles at some bullies and then using his gift to carry him up out of harm's way when they spotted him and gave chase. Josh had been very proud the day that he found out that he could bend water as well, and had raced from the stream to his house to tell his ma. He sloppily showed her by bending the water from the well and making it land at her feet with a splash that had drenched both of them. He looked up at her expecting to see pride in her eyes, and was startled to find fear there instead. She ushered him into their cabin without saying a word, and it wasn't until she had shut the door and took him over to the chair to sit down that she explained that having two bending powers was unheard of and that only the mythical Avatar had more than one power. She told him that the Avatar was supposed to return in this lifetime to help fight injustice and to keep the peace, she warned him never to tell anyone as they would use him for their own purpose. She had hugged him then and had looked at him sadly, as if somehow his life was over, and maybe, Josh thought, it was. They packed up their meagre belongings that day, and in the stillness of the night they left their home. That was the first instance that Josh realised the problems he would face. It would be another ten years and countless towns later, with his mother dead and gone the last few years, and Josh now going by the name of Faraday that he found that he could also bend Earth. It was nearing night and the bar he was in was quiet. He was in another backwater town fleecing the locals out of their money when he started to feel a tingling along his spine. Having felt this familiar sensation before when he had received his water bending powers, he quickly folded his hand, and gathering up his winnings and his hat, he hastily left the table. He ran up the stairs at the back of the bar two at a time, and on reaching the landing he went to his room and started pushing his things into his saddlebag. His powers gave him a split second warning before his door was pushed open and three men piled into his room. He had only a few seconds to recognise them as the men he had been cheating before they had cleared the room and were on him. Two held his arms while the third, Fred? hit him across the face. \"I want my money back.\" Said Frank? angrily. \"I know you cheated. I just can't figure out how.\" \"Well, that's because you're not very bright\". Faraday replied as he spat blood onto the floor. \"Hit him again Earl.\" The thug holding his arm said. Faraday twisted his arm and using his elbow, he smashed it into the thug's nose. With a howl he let go and clutched his face, \"You broke my nose.\" He said thickly. Faraday quickly pushed his arms out and rolling his hands across each other he sent two streams of water gushing towards the two still standing. They sailed across the room and hit the wall. The slid down to land in a heap on the floor, neither of them got back up. The tingling was getting worse and it pushed Faraday to his knees. He braced his hands on the wood and the floor trembled violently. He watched in shock as the beams of the ceiling started to shake loose. One fell towards him and he quickly cushioned himself in a balloon of air, so that the beam bounced harmlessly off. There was a loud roar and suddenly Faraday found himself sliding towards the window, as the saloon started to sink to one side. He staggered upright using the air to keep himself balanced, as he wobbled to the bed to reach for his saddlebag. The saloon was collapsing around him, and if he didn't escape he would be buried as well. Turning around slowly, and making sure he had his guns, Faraday ran towards the window, and using a bust of water to break the glass, he jumped through, using his air to slow his descent. The ground underneath was soft due to the water he had thrown and he rolled out of the way. He moved to the side as the building rumbled once and crumbled to the floor. He left the town that night. Some time later he heard that a renegade Earth bender was being blamed for bringing the saloon down and killing eight people. Faraday never went back to the town. Faraday had been in Amador city less than a month before something exciting happened. He was holding court in the saloon playing a game of cards. Suddenly one of the men at the bar turned his head slowly to the door, where footsteps could be heard walking along the boardwalk. As every man turned their head to the door, and the women walked quickly towards the exit, somebody stopped just outside the door and paused there for a second as if waiting for something. The door was pushed open slowly as a tall black man entered the saloon. He glanced around the room before making his way over to the bar, everybody following his progress. The atmosphere in the bar was tense as every man waited for something to happen. The tension in the bar went higher as he began to ask about powder Dan. Faraday relaxed back into his seat and lit a cigarette. He watched as the man at the bar suddenly fired four shots in quick succession and took out all of Dan's backup. It was then that Faraday realised that the man was Sam Chisolm, although he had never met the man, he knew him by reputation as being the fastest quick draw with his guns. He was also an incredibly powerful fire bender. Faraday took out his gun and cocked it at the man at his table who had thought to shot Chisolm and he shook his head. Faraday relaxed back and he felt a thrum of anticipation go through him as Dan went to throw his fire at Chisolm, but Sam got there first with his own fire and Dan went crashing backwards. Everybody knew that Sam Chisolm always fired first. After that everyone left the saloon pretty quickly and Faraday was left alone with Chisolm. \"That was some pretty impressive fire bending Mr Chisolm.\" Faraday said as he turned over the cards on the table, and winced at the bad hand he had. \"You have to be in this line of work, things can change quickly if you're not prepared.\" Sam turned and slowly looked Faraday up and down. \"What about you? Any bending powers of your own?\" He kept his face neutral as he picked up his hat and his whiskey bottle. \"Nope, I'm as ordinary as they come.\" He couldn't quite make himself meet Sam's eye, afraid that if he did he would be able to see the lie, so he settled for walking around the table towards the back door. \"I'll be seeing you.\" Faraday called as the door swung shut behind him. Faraday couldn't quite believe that he had met up with Sam so soon after he saw him in the saloon. He was arguing with the stable owner who he had apparently gambled his horse away to when he was drunk last night, but come on, he had seriously thought that the guy was a leprechaun and it had been a dream. He wasn't overly worried because he knew that Jack would not tolerate any other rider than him. Hell sometime Jack didn't tolerate him and Faraday found himself walking into a new town and getting a few strange looks because he was walking next to his horse and not riding on it. Everything happened really fast after Sam had offered to pay for his horse. \"I'm looking for a few good men.\" Sam said as Faraday glanced at him. \"To do what?\" Faraday was surprised by the response. \"Take on a man by the name of Bartholomew Bogue.\" He was even more surprised when the total number of people he had was just two. Faraday paused to consider this. He would get paid and at the end he would have Jack back, so really there was nothing to think about. He agreed and Chisolm paid for his horse and his gear. They rode out of Amador city as the sun hit high noon. \"Do you have a bending skill Mr Faraday?\" Asked Emma Cullen as they rode slowly behind Sam. Teddy Q who was riding next to Emma leaned forward in his saddle to hear the answer. \"Nope I'm as boring as can be. If I want anything doing, I have to do it myself. What about you?\" Faraday asked quickly before either of them could start asking more personal questions. \"Well I'm an Earth bender and Teddy here is a Water bender. There are a couple more in town, two fire benders and another Earth bender.\" Explained Emma. \"Couldn't you all take on Bogue yourselves?\" Asked Faraday. \"No he's too powerful. Rumour has that Bogue has two bending skills, Earth and water. He only ever uses his water bending skills when he needs to.\" Sam replied from the front where he had obviously been listening to the conversation. Faraday's head shot up at that. In all of his travels he had never come across somebody who had more than one bending skill. \"What?\" He asked shocked. \"It's never been proven as Bogue stays well away from any fighting. He always sends in his people to do that. McCann is a Water bender and he has Denali, a Comanche assassin who is a fire bender, and he is a mean one at that. I've seen him attack and kill women and children without mercy.\" Said Emma. \"Bogue killed my husband and countless other people when they dared to stand up to him. He must be stopped.\" Chisolm called a halt for the night when they found a relatively dry cave for them to sleep in. They all attended to their own horses, and Faraday watched with mild amusement as Emma slowly dug a trench into the earth with her power and Teddy Q filled it up with his so that the horses would have something to drink. At the front and to the left of the cave mouth Chisolm waved his arms twice and fire shot out and hit the branches that he had been collecting to make a fire. \"Well seeing as how everybody else has been contributing I guess it's up to me to go and find dinner.\" Faraday clapped his hands together as he stood up and reached for his guns at his belt. \"Are you sure, I could go?\" Sam waved his hand lazily as his fire danced across his fingers. \"Yeah I got it. Wouldn't want people to think I wasn't pulling my weight. I'll be back soon, I hope.\" Faraday gave a cocky grin as he disappeared into the forest. As soon as he was out of sight he replaced his guns into his holsters and scrubbed his hand through his hair. He was going to have to be careful not to reveal his bending powers to these people. It's not that Faraday didn't want to tell them, because he did, but if he used one, he would just naturally use the rest because they were all linked and a part of him. If they found out that he was the Avatar they would either fear him or try to exploit him, his mother's words from long ago ringing in his ears. Faraday moved slowly further into the forest as he searched the ground for signs of any game. He paused and bent down every so often to brush the ground as he spotted tracks for a young doe heading north. He took out Maria and held her out, he walked slowly making sure not to make a sound. Suddenly he spotted the doe to his left as she darted quickly away from him. Instinctively Faraday reached out his hand, the one without the gun, and the doe paused in mid jump. He pulled his arm back and the doe started to move towards him. He knew it was a risk to use his air bending powers but they needed to eat and it was only a little thing that he used it for. Once the doe was level with him, he lifted up his other arm and because he knew the others would be expecting a bullet hole, he shot her in the head. He tucked Maria away and bent to pick up the doe, picking it up he slung it over his shoulder and started to make his way back towards the camp. \"Dinner is served.\" Faraday shouted with a flourish as he stepped into the clearing, only vaguely registering three sets of arms lowering to the ground at his untimely arrival. \"Faraday you crazy son of a bitch, we could have killed you then.\" Sam said with a sigh. Faraday snorted a little at that because they could try, but what he said out loud was, \"Sorry next time I'll give more warning.\" He threw his prize down on the ground and stretched out his aching muscles with a groan. \"Next time let somebody with a power catch the food that was a long trek.\" He glanced over at Sam who had come over to look at the doe. \"Faraday how on earth did you make such a clean kill?\" Sam looked at him puzzled. Oh crap he should have put more bullet holes in it. \"Um she was sleeping when I found her?\" Faraday winced when it came out as a question instead of a statement. Sam looked at him in disbelief for a minute and then muttered, \"Whatever you say man.\" And apparently that was that because Sam moved away and Emma and Teddy stepped forward. Emma using her power to use the rough earth to skin the doe and Teddy using his to clean it, and when that that was done they all stood back as Sam sent a blast to cook it. The whole process had taken less than half an hour. \"Well that's handy.\" Faraday commented as they sat down to eat. After that they led down to sleep with Sam informing them to be ready to ride at dawn.[Chapter 2] Faraday rode quickly into Volcano Springs, closely followed by Teddy Q. Why Sam had paired him up with him was a mystery, but when Faraday had gone to say something Sam had just raised his eyebrow at him and muttered \"horse\" under his breath. Tying up both horses to the hitching post outside the saloon, Faraday looked around the town. He saw a large group of men over by the corral, so he started to walk over, Teddy following slowly behind him. Faraday watched impressed as Billy Rocks won the duel with nothing but a hairpin and his own fast reflexes, and was glad when Sam's name got him an audience with Goodnight Robicheaux. \"Now I'm a water bender myself,\" Said Robicheaux before Faraday or Teddy could ask him, \"and my good friend Billy here is an Air bender.\" \"What! I thought that most of the Air benders were extinct or at the very least really rare. I don't know anyone who has ever even met one, I certainly haven't.\" Teddy had an impressed look on his face that hadn't been there a second ago. \"Well there are still a handful around if you know where to look.\" Robicheaux replied slyly. Faraday listened to the conversation in silence, as he glanced towards Billy. He had never met another Air bender, rumour had it that a few years before Faraday was born some benders from the other three groups had set out to destroy the Air benders, because they had known that the Avatar would be born into that group and they thought that he would make them more powerful than their own group. \"So what about you two, any powers to speak of?\" Faraday didn't like the way that Robicheaux was looking at him when he asked that question, as if he knew somehow that Faraday did have a power. \"Well I'm a water bender Mr Robicheaux.\" Said Teddy politely as they all turned to look in Faraday's direction. \"Nope none to speak of. Just plain little old me.\" Faraday joked nervously still eying Robicheaux warily. Robicheaux looked at him for a few more seconds as if trying to decide whether or not he should call him out on it, when he shrugged his shoulders and turned to look towards Billy. \"What say you Mon Cher shall we go with them?\" Billy turned to look at both of them and Faraday had the distinct impression that Billy was assessing them. Whatever he found, he seemed to agree with as he inclined his head slightly. \"Excellent, now how about a drink?\" said Robicheaux happily. \"I was thinking more like how about two.\" Replied Faraday. Faraday was immediately on alert when they entered the campsite that Sam had told them to meet him at. Sam waited until they had hitched their horses before he introduced them to the newcomer. \"This is Vasquez. He has agreed to help us. He's a Fire bender as well.\" Said Sam. \"Oh good we've got ourselves a Mexican.\" Responded Faraday glibly. He watched as Sam pulled Vasquez away before anything more could happen, but he was sure that he caught a trace of amusement for him. It was sometime later when Sam, Goodnight and Billy had come back with a freshly killed buck and they were all sat around the campfire to eat, that Faraday found himself sat next to Vasquez. \"So guero, what is it that you do?\" asked Vasquez. \"What do you mean?\" asked Faraday pretending that he did not understand his meaning. \"What sort of bending power do you have?\" Faraday coughed and glanced around the campfire, all of the others were engaged in their own conversations, everyone that was, except for Goodnight, who was watching the two of them rather intently. \"I don't have any bending powers Mr Vasquez.\" Said Faraday as he quickly averted his eyes away from Goodnight. \"That is strange no?\" Vasquez raised his eyebrow at him as he turned to face him more fully. \"It isn't unheard of. People in the big cities never develop any.\" Fararday snapped at him, a little defensive. \"I meant no disrespect Guero, I have never met someone out here with no powers is all.\" Said Vasquez holding his hands up in a placating gesture. \"Yeah well, you know nothing about it.\" Before Vasquez could say anymore, Faraday stood up quickly and made his way over to his bedroll before he led down and went to sleep. The next stop on their journey was to collect Jack Horne and to say that he was strange was putting it mildly. He killed the Pidgeon brothers swiftly and without mercy, and Faraday supposed he could relate to that. After all, if someone had hit him over the head and he'd fallen down a cliff, he would be a mite angry as well. He was relieved when Horne turned them down and trudged back the way he came, leading his horse behind him. \"I do believe that bear was wearing people's clothes\" Faraday joked. Sam seemed a little put out by Horne's refusal to join them. \"He's an extremely gifted Water bender, would have been good to have him on our side.\" He said wistfully. Camping out in Indian Territory was not Faraday's idea of a good time, but he was perhaps the calmest of all of them, because he knew that he could take anything that attacked them. Morning came quickly and with it the sense of danger. Faraday watched as Horne scrambled up over the rock just as Red Harvest rode in to view. Everybody tensed, Goodnight's warning that where there was one there was usually more making them all weary. Sam strode forward, handing his gun off to Vasquez as he walked passed. Apparently he spoke Comanche as the Indian dropped his kill onto the floor and cut out his liver. He passed it to Sam who took a bite and passed it back. Faraday assumed that meant they were all friends as Sam walked back to them scrubbing his hands with the sand to get the blood off them. \"His name is Red Harvest and he is an Earth bender. He's agreed to join us.\" Said Sam as most of them still watched Red wearily. The trip back to Rose Creek was spent trying to determine how many Blackstone agents were in the town and if they had any bending powers. Apart from Bogue and his two associates, they soon began to realise that some of the Blackstone agents did indeed have powers. The seven of them quickly came up with a plan. Sam went into the town first, with Billy walking beside him, because he said it made it easier for him to use his powers than if he was on his horse. It was easy to slip in while all the Blackstone agents were watching Sam and Billy. Red took to the roof while the rest of them spread out at ground level. Sam faced off against McCann, who whistled sharply for his sniper, when, after a few seconds nothing happened, Sam shouted and the sniper fell to the ground, one of Red's arrows sticking out of his back. All at once like some sign had been passed between them, they attacked as one. Sam shot out his hand and threw a ball of fire at the Blackstone agents and the Sheriff causing them to scatter. Billy used his power to propel himself and occasionally his blades through the air. Goodnight flung water at those who thought to escape around the back of the building. Horne used a combination of his water bending and his axes to take down anyone foolish enough to get close to him Red used his position on the building to shoot arrows into people, and when he ran out of arrows, he used his power to open up holes in the ground to catch them as they ran. Vasquez shot fireball after fireball, never once missing his target. Faraday shot straight up into the balcony at the men that thought they were safe up there. There was no way he was going to use his powers here, unless it was a life or death situation, and only if he couldn't use Ethel or Maria to get out of it. Sam turned suddenly and blasted the man that was about to shot Faraday from his blind spot. They kept fighting. At one point Faraday found himself fighting back to back with Vasquez in the middle of the street. He could feel the intense power radiating through Vasquez as he hurled fireballs down the street. He never once missed. With a bump of shoulders they moved on. It was about this point, when they had nearly won and Faraday was feeling rather cocky, that he made the biggest mistake of his life. He had just shot the men who had tried to sneak up behind Goodnight, when he felt a tingling going up his spine. \"Oh no not now.\" Muttered Faraday under his breath, still shooting at any stragglers as they ran passed. He was still behind the building, but he was alone as Goodnight had ran off to go and help Billy. He felt an intense heat in his hands as little bursts of fire shot from his fingers. He tried to quickly douse the flames with his water, but it had no effect. Not that he expected it to, it wouldn't make much sense for one of the Avatar's powers to be able to negate the others. He had to get back into the fight. He stumbled around from behind the building and looked around for his people. He did a quick head count... he frowned as he only counted five, where was Vasquez? He searched quickly again and found him fighting against a Blackstone agent. He watched as the agent shot a jet of water at Vasquez, who quickly used his fire to get rid of it. The Blackstone used his distraction to send a ball of water at him, which hit him full force in the face and wrapped itself around his head causing Vasquez to choke and splutter. Vasquez hit the floor. \"No\" shouted Faraday, as he moved quickly towards them, he knew he wasn't going to make it and nobody else was close enough to help. Making a split second decision he flung out his right hand and used his air bending power to blast the Blackstone agent up into the air and away from him. He flung out his left hand and threw his water power at him, or at least he tried to. Instead he somehow managed to throw a stream of fire at him while the agent was in mid- air. He screamed once and then went silent as his body thudded to the ground. Vasquez suddenly drew in a lungful of air as the Blackstone agent's power died with him. Faraday quickly realised that the sounds of the battle had died down, and he raised his eyes up from where he had been watching Vasquez struggling to his feet. Everybody that was left alive, and he was glad to see that all of the people he liked were, were all staring at him silently and with disbelieving looks on their faces, some even looked a little scared. The only one that didn't look at him differently was Goodnight. The expression on his face was smug, as if he had somehow guessed at Faraday's powers, and then went and orchestrated this little display so that he could be proven right. Faraday watched as Sam approached him slowly. \"Sam I'm…\" began Faraday quickly only to be cut off by a wave of Sam's hand. \"Not now, we'll talk about it later.\" Said Sam quietly so that the townsfolk, who were beginning to emerge from their houses now that the firefight had died down, didn't hear. Faraday only half listened as Sam introduced himself and explained that Bogue would be back in less than a week and not the three that they had originally thought. Noticing that nobody was paying him any attention, Faraday turned silently and slipped away from the group. \"And where is it that you think you are going?\" asked a Cajun voice loudly behind him. Faraday spun around quickly and held out his hands, even though there were no weapons in them. When he saw Goodnight standing there with Billy next to him, he lowered them to rest on his holsters, as if he had meant to reach for his weapons first instead of his powers. Goodnight just raised his eyebrow as if he somehow knew that Faraday had meant to use powers first, a lazy smile on his face. \"I'm leaving, so don't even think to stop me.\" Said Faraday angrily as he turned back around to continue putting the saddle on Jack. \"I don't think we could even if we wanted to, right Cher.\" Goodnight apparently addressing this last part to Billy, as he hear a slight murmur behind him. \"Let me rephrase the question, why are you leaving?\" said Goodnight, and Faraday jumped a little as his voice was a lot closer. He turned around to see them both standing well within his comfort zone. \"Are you kidding me Goodnight, you saw what happened back there.\" Said Faraday as he stepped around them. They were now between him and his horse, but at least he could have room to move if he needed to make a quick escape. \"I saw you save Vasquez.\" Said Goodnight simply, while Billy gave a tight nod behind him, apparently content to let Goodnight do the talking. \"Yeah with powers I told everyone I didn't have.\" Faraday slowly ran his hand down his face, felling tired all of a sudden. \"Yeah well not everyone believed that.\" Goodnight said slowly. Faraday removed his hand, \"What are you talking about?\" he asked suspiciously. \"Well Sam and I thought there was something different about you, but we couldn't quite place it, and of course I told Billy. But when Sam told us about the doe and the bullet wound we started to suspect you had powers. We just thought that you didn't trust us enough to tell us, but now we know the real reason, you're the Avatar.\" Goodnight said. Faraday felt himself go cold at that, \"No I'm not, you don't know anything.\" \"Everybody saw you attack the Blackstone agent with Air and Fire powers, not everybody has two powers and especially not those two.\" Said Goodnight thoughtfully. He paused before he added, \"Did you just get your fire powers now?\" Up until that moment Faraday had forgotten all about his new powers, but as soon as Goodnight called attention to it again, he felt that familiar tingling up his spine. He grunted as he felt his hand start to heat up. \"Get away from me, move back as far as you can.\" Faraday panted. He watched as Billy grabbed Goodnight's arm and started to pull him backwards. Faraday fell down onto one knee as he felt like he was being consumed in fire. He shouted out as the fire started to shoot out of his fingers. He felt running footsteps through the earth as people ran over to the building where he had tied up his horse and he could hear more voices talking to Goodnight and Billy, but he couldn't make out what they were saying. The fire continued to roar out of him until he felt like he was going to explode. He screamed out a warning for everyone to move away, when suddenly powerful jets of water blasted him from two sides, dousing the flames. He fell forward onto his stomach as a pair of hands touched his back. \"Oh guero.\" He heard before he fell unconscious. ","Summary":" This is an AU where all of the seven have powers from the Air bender movie. Joshua Faraday knew he "},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"y si seth hubiera disparado antes de que la bailarina se volviera una","Author":"jer35mx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11640504","Passage":"[Chapter 1] seth se sentía un poco aturdido por la habitación o cuarto, *cuarto o catacumba* de la bailarina de la boa; después de la mirada lujuriosa que la bailarina latina le había echado a su hermano, él pensó *ah, no; ya estamos del otro lado de la frontera, otra muerta de este lado y que hacemos*, de pronto oyó o percibió un sonido muy fuerte y vio un cambio perceptible en el aspecto de los lugareños, pero siguió con su reacción, dijo \"señorita\", en español, y continúo al mismo tiempo que raspaba la punta del dedo pulgar con las puntas de los otros dedos de su mano, en inglés \"¿cuánto, por favor, una acostada?\", la bailarina se le queda viendo y voltea y le grita al cantinero \"perense tantito, ¿me das chance, no?\", seth voltea a mirar al cantinero, dice en inglés \"vamos viejo, tengo unos dolares\", su hermano se soba la palma de la mano, él también había visto la mirada de la bailarina, el cantinero ríe \"que demonios,\" voltea a todos lados, continúa \"de una forma o la otra, ejem, con uno o el otro\", voltea a ver a seth, le dice \"vengase para acá, no seamos teatreros\", seth le hace un signo de entendido y le sigue lanzándole una mirada dura a su hermano; ella se quita el top de el vestuario o bikini y se lo lanza a su mascota, seth deja las pistolas en el lado de la cama y se desabrocha el cinturón, ella se le acerca y le trata de morder el cuello, seth la repele y la vota a la cama, se le echa encima y le quita la parte de abajo del vestuario o bikini, ella le toma el brazo y lo tumba a la cama y le dirige la mano al pantalón, seth siente que la latina acerca su mano a el cierre de botones de el pantalón mientras en el cuello siente el respirar cálido de la boca abierta de la mujer, el voltea los ojos abiertos a la pared esperando que ella le abra botón por botón el pantalón y piensa en lo diferente que es esta catacumba a el cuarto de motel donde su hermano mato a la rehen, *¿realmente pienso catacumba?*, el siente dos cosas al mismo tiempo, la presión de la mano de la mujer en su pelvis, con los dedos moviéndose, y que en el cuello la boca caliente salivea una gran área y los colmillos se clavan en su piel produciendo un calor que siente que se expande por sus venas, el cierra los ojos y siente como ella mueve su boca y que al mover su boca le mueve el cuello un poco y el en reacción a esto mueve sin remedio el rostro hacia la pared detrás de su cabeza y luego hacia abajo, ella oprime mas sus dientes y el sume su cabeza en la cama como si se acomodara bajo el peso; de repente ella se separa y se reacomoda en la cama, se acerca la mano a la boca y el la observa como se chupa la mano, el se voltea y se levanta y se abotona el pantalón, ella se pasa ahora el dorso de la mano por los labios, el recoge sus pistolas y voltea a verla, el piensa *un gran cuerpo, bueno, fui rápido*, y se frota el cuello, sale y en el pasillo se marea, se apoya en la pared con el hombro, piensa *¿qué demonios?* y pasa el umbral de la puerta pero siente un viento cálido, da unos pasos y ve el desierto, arriba las estrellas, abajo una obscuridad de muchos metros, el se sigue frotando el cuello. seth regreso a el pasillo después de raspar un poco las paredes *¿un rascacielos?, ¿un motel de 4 estrellas?, parecía un bar de 1 piso máximo de 2 ¿no era así?*, y de cuarto a cuarto o de catacumba a catacumba, eso sí con baúles, sarapés, camastros, nichos con estatuas, y feretros llego a donde estaba el bar, cuando encontró las estatuas y los feretros se rasco el cuello, y ahora al ver a las vedettes y personal del bar se tallo los ojos, puesto que al ver a los clientes los veía como con los ojos enclorados, cosa que para el era natural, si se acercaba el amanecer, pero al ver a los locales era como ver lobos o reptiles, llego con su hermano y el reverendo y su familia y su hermano se paro y con la mano venda le palmeo mientras le ofrecía un shot de tequila y seth le dijo \"¿me acompañas?\", y volteo a ver a los demás de la mesa \"ahora volvemos\" y salieron los 2 de el bar y seth le dice a su hermano \"¿este es un bar?\", su hermano voltea y dice enojado \"¿no te dieron una cama?, deja les pido un reembolso\", seth camina arrastrando a su hermano y al dar la vuelta de las luces de neón a la obscuridad empiezan a caminar por una pendiente bien inclinada y después de mucho rato y ya acostumbrados a lo obscuro llegan a una hondonada, al voltear ven una pirámide bastante elevada rodeada de un resplandor, el hermano de seth dice \"ves, simplemente les fue mal con el hotel\"; en la obscuridad de la pared de el hotel o el bar o la pirámide los hermanos gecko se abren los botones y se bajan el cierre de sus pantalones y empiezan a miar en la tierra y la pared y richard ve que su hermano seth orina sobre sus zapatos por el ángulo de el terreno, que el recuerda que termina en la hondonada y dice \"hey, seth, ¿crees qué el arroyo de mi orín llegue a el estacionamiento de el hotel?\" y mueve su cabeza hacia la sima de la edificación, su hermano seth se enoja \"si, pero nunca había olido así esto, apesto\", richard sonríe burlón \"bueno, exacto, te estas manchando los zapatos\", seth baja la vista un poco atontado y dice olfateando \"si, la tuya huele diferente\", se detiene, le mira \" pero apesta también\", los dos terminan y continúan camino hacia el bar y comienzan a ver el amanecer del desierto, un azul estrellado aún y seth se tapa los ojos, dice \"no te había dicho nada pero los ojos me arden como si hubiera nadado en agua con cloro, en el bar había visto una luminosidad en las siluetas y ahora me afecta el amanecer\", richard le toca el hombro y dice \"bueno, ya te había dicho que si no te habían ofrecido un cuarto les hacía problemas, solo dime que crees que la bebida estaba mala o adulterada y ...\", a lo que seth contesta dando rápido la vuelta a la esquina del frente del bar y el estacionamiento \"no, no, era buen tequila, debe ser que ya estamos al sur de la frontera, en el desierto, ve como se junta el mar negro con la arena y con el cielo azul de el amanecer\", se continúa tapando los ojos y dice \"ufff\", y su hermano le dice \"hasta aqui, nos largamos\" y arrastra a seth a el camper de jacob, dice \"de aquí a un hotel en los cabos\", mientras abre la puerta con la mano buena, seth mira la tierra, un poco muy brillante. ","Summary":" seth se sentía un poco aturdido por la habitación o cuarto, *cuarto o catacumba* de la bailarina de"},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"Brother's Keeper","Author":"Tony Dimera","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1829666","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Brother's Keeper A/N: This begins right after Satanico's dance, enjoy. The pissed off bouncer, a buddy of his and the bartender, who went by the name Razor Charlie, approached the table that sat the Gecko brothers Seth and Richie plus their hostages the Fuller family. Seth saw them coming first, he knew the bouncer was looking for payback against him and Richie for the beating they gave him on the way in. Plus the bouncer's buddy was a huge gorilla sized guy that he had seen earlier, this could be trouble. \"Richie get back on clock.\" Seth warned. Richie could tell what he meant without looking back. \"How many?\" He asked Seth. \"Three.\" Seth answered. Richie reached down to his pants, ready to pull out his gun. \"Which one?\" Razor Charlie asked the Bouncer as the three arrived to the table. The bouncer didn't need to think about it long. He remembered the two who had attacked him. Jacob pulled Kate close, knowing what was about to happen. Scott ducked back a bit as well. The bouncer pointed at Seth. \"This piece of shit here, man. He broke my finger and my nose!\" The bouncer then looked to Richie. \"And this faggot kicked me while I was down!\" He shouted furiously. He pushed Richie's chair. The gorilla like man grabbed Richie's shoulder. \"UP!\" He demanded. Richie was pissed; he wasn't in any mood to deal with these freaks. Richie cocked his gun and pointed it at the gorilla man. \"Fuck you bogeyman!\" Kate jolted back and Jacob leaned forward about to attempt to get Richie to calm down. But before he could Razor Charlie pulled out a knife and stabbed it into Richie's free hand, pinning it to the table. The hand still had a gun shot wound that was fresh. Richie let out a scream of pain. Seth pulled out his gun and shot the gorilla man before anyone could react. \"Fuck! Fuck!\" Richie yelled. He tried get up but his hand was still pinned to the table by the knife. Blood flooded onto the table out of the wound. Seth took another shot at the gorilla man who fell don backwards. Richie in pain and desperation managed to pull the knife off of the table and out of his hand. \"Fuck you!\" He let out before stabbing Razor Charlie repeatedly. Seth walked towards the gorilla man and shot him in the head. Richie stopped stabbing Charlie, got up, put down the knife, grabbed the whisky bottle, took a gulp and picked the knife back up with his good hand. Seth waved his gun at the crowd. \"Alright, everybody be cool, or you'll be just as dead as these fucks.\" Seth promised. Richie examined the knife, he was confused, there was a green liquid on it, not blood. \"How's your hand. Let me see.\" Seth asked him. Richie took his eyes off the knife and showed Seth his hand. \"Shit.\" Seth diagnosed. Meanwhile Satanico Pandemonium looked at the blood hungrily. The bouncer began laughing for some reason. Richie and Seth turned to him. \"You think that's funny.\" Seth asked the bouncer. The bouncer chuckled more. Seth was about to raise his gun when Richie pushed past him and began stabbing the bouncer repeatedly with his knife. The bouncer yelled out as Richie pierced his chest with the blade, finally Richie decided to stab it through the bouncer's heart. The skin was surprisingly spongy and the blade went in with no problem. But the bouncer let out a scream and instead and keeling over his skin shriveled and he melted in a type of half solid puddle. Richie, Seth, the Fuller's and the crowd looked with shock. \"What the fu-\" Before Richie could finish Satanico Pandemonium changed into a hideous lizard like creature. It began to charge forward and jumped towards Richie. \"Richie look out!\" Kate, who had witnessed the transformation screamed. Before see reached here destination Seth acted fast, he aimed and fired blasting Satanico out of the air. \"Anyone want to tell me what the hell is going on here?\" Seth shouted. Suddenly the bodies of the Razor Charlie and the Gorilla man came alive again. Except now their faces where twisted and they had fangs. They both grinned evilly. A stripper locked the door and turned to the crowd. \"Dinner is served.\" And then all Hell broke lose. Strippers started to rip apart the patrons, the Fuller's managed to make a dash and dived behind the bar, watching with utter terror. Richie and Seth looked around unable to think, it was all too much to take in. Satanico got up, looking human once more, and walked towards the brothers. \"Your attempts to delay my feast was annoying, but nothing more..\" She shape shifted back into a monster. \"Are you two ready for dinner?\" The two pointed their guns toward her. \"No thanks, already ate.\" Seth said before he and Richie emptied their guns into the woman, knocking her back down. Richie grabbed the nearby bottle a whisky, smashed the bottom off and stabbed the vampire with it before she could get up. Like the bouncer she dissolved into a weird shit smelling substance. The gorilla man saw what the bothers had done. \"NO!!\" He screamed and came towards them Meanwhile Frost was having no problem disposing of some vampire strippers. Neither was Sex Machine who had staked Razor Charlie with a broken off Poll Cue. The Fuller family remained ducked behind the bar, as Jacob assured his kids things would be all right. The gorilla man was closing in on the brother's Richie scrambled desperately for more bullets. The huge Vampire snapped the necks of those who got in his way. Seth grabbed to pieces of wood from the broken tables, he kept one and tossed the other to Richie. The two prepared for the oncoming onslaught but before the gorilla reached them... \"He monkey man.\" The vampire turned to the direction the voice came from. There stood a tall muscular man, he called himself Frost. \"You Anything you gotta say to them, say to me first.\" He mocked. The vampire charged towards Frost. With his strength Frost managed to rip into the freak's skin and even pulled out his oversized heart. He looked to it a bit weirded by it. Jacob decided to help them guys out. He grabbed and near by table leg and him, Richie and Seth began to pound the downed gorilla vamp. \"That's enough.\" Frost said. They stopped but the heart was still beating in his hand. The vampire began to get up but Sex Machine arrived, picked up a pencil and stabbed it through the heart. The vampire melted away like the others. Scott and Kate peered up from the bar, body parts and blood littered the place. The four final vampires came forward. \"Guess that just leaves them.\" Richie said with a grin.\" The others were pretty confident too. Richie and Seth loaded their guns and fired at the approaching vampires knocking them off their feet. The other then simply staked them with near by sharp objects. Richie let out a howl victory. Scott and Kate got out and huge there dad. Seth and Richie looked over the place. \"Well that was quite the party.\" Seth said. \"Remind me to kick Carlos's ass for this.\" Richie added. \"You'll have to beat me to it.\" Seth promised. \"Come one, we gotta get this thing open.\" Frost said pointing to the door. Everyone went over to it, pushing and pulling at the lock to no avail. Sex Machine kicked it furiously. \"Relax,\" Seth said. \"My buddy Carlos will be here in the morning, he'll get us out.\" He promised. Seth and Richie headed over to the bar. \"Wait,\" Frost insisted. \"Anyone else here that? It's getting louder.\" A loud flapping sound came form outside. Richie's face went pale as he was the first to realize what it was. \"Bats, Vampire bats.\" He answered. Everyone's eyes went wide. To be continued ","Summary":" Brother's Keeper A/N: This begins right after Satanico's dance, enjoy. The pissed off bouncer, a bu"},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"No Less of a Devil","Author":"Rockapotamus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5774339","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's been two years. Two years since they had to fight their way out of a shitty dive bar near the border infested with fucking vampires, two years in El Rey, two years adjusting to life by himself. He's doing fine, he tells himself. Those nights when he wakes up in cold sweats, feeling like he's surrounded by those goddamn monsters--he tells himself they're few and far between (they happen more often than he'd like to admit). He wants to believe he isn't still waiting for one to turn up and kill him; it's a lie and he knows it. El Rey isn't any paradise, but it's better than other places he's been. It's some bitter irony that a town infested with fugitives feels safe to him, but it does (the gunshots took a couple days worth of getting used to even then). He lays low, mostly. He bartends sometimes--people don't usually like to talk, and those who do just get hammered within 20 minutes. He's mostly an outlet; nobody asks him about himself. It's a shitty existence, to be honest. He didn't think of the crushing vacuity that would be left behind with Richie dead, didn't think that he'd be sitting in his rathole of an apartment and suddenly, fiercely wishing he had someone with him. Not necessarily someone to talk to--just someone to fill that hollow space beside him. El Rey is a mecca of drugs, booze, and prostitutes. He tried that for a year, found himself getting too angry at the girls for no reason, found himself getting attached. When he realized it wouldn't work, he swallowed his isolation with resignation. It's a Tuesday. He's lying in bed, swigging lazily from a bottle of whiskey, wincing as each swallow screams fire down his throat. He's got the TV on, watching some soap opera while the minutes tick by. A knock sounds at the door. He ignores it, assuming it's a lost tourist (they wander through El Rey occasionally, leave quickly when they realize where they are). The knock comes again, quick, impatient, the sound hitting a sensitive spot in his eardrums. \"Coming,\" he yells irritably, shambling from the bed. It takes him a moment to get to the door, the whiskey dulling his senses. He yanks it open and spits, \"What the fuck do you want?\" His eyes aren't focusing very well. He blinks, squints against the harsh afternoon light. There's a girl standing on his doorstep, a frail little thing with long dark hair and pretty blue eyes. she looks an awful lot like-- He scoffs. \"You're a ghost,\" he tells her, gesturing at her with his whiskey bottle. \"This is my drunk mind playing tricks on me. Get the fuck out of here, you aren't real.\" He starts shutting the door when she says, \"Seth.\" His hallucinations never talk anymore. It's been long enough to the point where he's forgotten what their voices sound like, and even if they do make any sounds, it's screaming. He knits his brows together, looks back at the doorstep. She hasn't disappeared. \"What the fuck,\" he whispers. She's wearing a cotton dress, too white for him to look at directly. Her hair is longer, down to the middle of her back. She's still got that same smooth skin, that same calm gaze. They're quiet for a long time. Kate stares at him, searching his eyes, alarmingly intense. He stares back, taking in the familiar planes and angles of her face, everything about her bringing forth both good and bad memories. He steps aside after their wordless exchange, and she walks in, drops a heavy bag on the floor near his couch. He blinks rapidly, still unsure that she's real. She notices. When she walks toward him he recoils the slightest bit, taking a step backward. She pauses, eyes dark--it takes a second for her to continue. She reaches out to him, touches his hand. Her fingers are featherlight against his skin. The touch is electric on his hand and he jerks away, sharper than he needed to. \"What the fuck are you doing here,\" he says after he finds his voice. It's not really a question--he's too numb to have the proper inflection. \"Came looking for you,\" she replies quietly. He's drawn to the cadence of her voice, to the deep, soothing way her words fill his ears. \"I thought i told you to stay out of El Rey,\" he says. She smiles, a little half-grin that seems to sober him up. \"Not directly.\" \"Kate, cut the shit,\" he snarls at her. Her face falls. \"What are you really doing here?\" She sits on his couch, looks languidly about the room. It takes so long for her to answer that for a moment he thinks she's blowing him off. \"I wake up screaming most nights,\" she murmurs. \"I feel like every person I look at could turn into one of those--\" her voice catches. She scoffs, rolls her eyes at herself. \"I wanted to be with someone who understood all this,\" she finally admits. \"And what makes you think I do?\" He yells. She doesn't flinch at his tone of voice (the old Kate would have). \"I live one day at a time, Kate. One day at a fucking time. I don't think about this shit. If something bad happens, I forget about it.\" \"So you just sit here in El Rey, drinking yourself to death,\" she fires at him. Her shoulders are tense, upright with anger. He tries to tell himself he doesn't like the look of that spark in her eyes. \"Yeah,\" he shoots back. \"And you know what? I fucking love it.\" And just like that, all the life drains out of her; she slumps back against his couch, arms limp, head tilted upward. She shuts her eyes, sighs heavily. \"It was worth a shot,\" she whispers, half to herself and half to him. Then she straightens again, that same determination glinting in her eyes, evident in the hard edge of her jaw. \"I'm staying for at least 3 nights.\" \"Hell no,\" he says. She glares at him. \"It's the earliest I can leave,\" she reasons. He looks at her, at the delicate jut of her collarbones, the straps of her dress nearly slipping off her thin shoulders. And for a moment, just a moment, the hole gnawing at his gut quiets. \"Alright,\" he concedes. \"But don't get any fucking long-term ideas.\" She nods. She asks if she can shower and he agrees, tells her to run the water for a little bit or else she'll be dirtier coming out than going in. She moves differently now, he notices--her hips have the easy sway of a grown woman, an acute contrast to her clumsy teenage walk of two years ago. Her movements are sharp, deliberate. There's something about the placid stare of her eyes that gives her an air of 'been there, done that'. And really, when your family is killed around you (with you aiding in the massacre), you have been there. You have done that. There's nothing else that can faze you. She opens the door to the bathroom ten minutes later, steam billowing out into the hallway. She's got one of his dirty towels wrapped around herself, another one slung around her head in a turban-like manner. He can see the sharp line of her shoulderblades moving beneath the skin of her back, frail, like the bones of a baby bird. She's become much thinner in these past two years, as if the grief has physically eaten away at her. He can clearly see the curve of her spine. It's too stuffy in his apartment all of a sudden. He grabs his whiskey bottle, stomps outside to lean against the cracked wooden railings. The night is thick and hot, velvety against his skin. The whiskey burns but it's all he's got. Kate's curled on the couch when he goes back inside, long legs tucked up underneath her. She looks like a statue--the only indication she's alive is the slight rise and fall of her chest. \"Do you want the bed?\" He asks her. His words slur the slightest bit. It takes her a moment to register his existence; he has to repeat the question. \"The couch is fine,\" she tells him. Her eyes have a steely edge to them he hasn't seen before. He adds that to the list of changes. He'll never admit it, but he falls asleep easier knowing someone else is with him in the apartment. ","Summary":" It's been two years. Two years since they had to fight their way out of a shitty dive bar near the "},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"Richie's Madness","Author":"NovemberFall","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6313827","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own From Dusk Till Dawn Warnings: Could be incest, generally a lot of crazy from Richie. Language. Takes places in the motel after Richie kills the woman. The one time Seth doesn't feel in control is when he's got Richie pressed up against that wall, because all he can see is his scared younger brother not understanding what he's done even though there's blood drying under his fingernails and flecks in his hair. He can see the bloodied bed out of the corner of his eye and there's nothing he can do to get rid of the image, that image which has no control or method and is not poetic in its execution. When Seth loses the steel grip on his anger, he is still in control. Whether that control comes from having a gun in his hand with the barrel pointing in someone's face or from simple threats of violence – there is always control over the course of events. But Richie is unpredictable, the Joker in his suit, and he is starting to make Seth nervous. Seth grips on tighter to Richie, closing his eyes and pushing his body fuller against his brother's – just to give him a warning, show him how Seth could hurt him if he wanted, show him how much restraint he has, how much control. But when he opens his eyes and Richie still has his burger gripped tightly in his hand, he feels his hold begin to slip and he knows – goddammit does he know – that if he slips he will become that which he despises so; he will become Richie. Seth knocks the burger away and wraps a hand around Richie's jaw, forcing the boy's face up towards him and knocking his glasses off in the process. Richie's bloody, gaffer-taped hand slips and slides against Seth's arms as he fights but his hands stop their futile fight as he realises that Seth is on the verge. Everyone thought Richie was crazy, so easy to read and understand (because a crazy person can just be avoided, right?), but Seth was the real nut job, the really dangerous one, because he got you believing that he wasn't crazy, that he was completely in control . But Richie knew, and he could see it in his brother's eyes as he stared up into them, felt his brother's muscles holding him against the wall, felt the gun that was stuck down Seth's belt. He was driving his brother crazy, and he just couldn't help it. \"She was trying to get away,\" Richie tries to explain, nearly biting his own tongue in half as Seth slams a hand over his mouth. \"No, she wasn't.\" He mutters, shaking his head, \"She was just-\" Seth can feel Richie's lip shaking under his fingertips and he lifts his hand slightly, letting his fingers trail up his brother's jaw. Richie relaxes when Seth's smile returns, the one that let him get away with so much, the one which said trust me . Richie falters though, as he looks up into his brother's eyes, as he notices the cruel flick at the end of the smile, preventing it from reaching his eyes. \"Seth?\" He whispers, holding up his arms in a dreadful parody, an attempt to show that he was no threat to his brother. Seth's mouth slams into his own before he can take a breath, the fingers on his jaw keeping his head perfectly still. It isn't a kiss, just Seth trying to bruise his way through into Richie's head, and Richie presses back into the wall, one hand flat against the wood, right hand wrapped around the door frame as he tries not to panic. His bad hand slides down the door frame, snagging on a nail sticking out rudely from the wood, and it pulls on the ragged flesh making Richie gasp with a sudden onslaught of pain. Seth surges against him, tongue plundering his mouth with vicious method, drawing back only to nip on Richie's lips before delving inside him once again. Richie manages a small \"Seth?\" before his mouth is covered again, but the fingers around his jaw tighten and suddenly his head is flung backwards, meeting the wood with a sickening crack and Richie slumps to the floor. Richie awakens, slumped in the chair where he was eating his burger – which is lying on the floor a little way from him – and sluggishly tries to recall what happened. Seth is nowhere to be seen, the woman isn't sat in the seat where they left her though. Richie stood up slowly, the pain blossoming out from the back of his head like ink in water, leaning against the door frame into the bedroom. Ah yes, the memories came flooding back to Richie, the bitch had tried to escape and he'd stopped her, as a good brother should. He raised his fingers to his lips, surprised to find the digits shaking, and touched them to his face as though they were foreign objects. His jaw wasn't bruised, though his head hurt like a motherfucker – and where the hell was Seth? The door banged as Seth returned, making Richie jump up from his chair. \"You ready to go?\" He brother asked sharply, \"your hand okay? Head feel alright?\" Richie nodded mutely and looked at the floor, picking up his discarded burger and placing it on the table. \"You sure you're alright?\" Seth looked at him with concern. \"That was quite a knock to the head you took.\" Richie looked up, confusion creasing his brow, making his head hurt even more. \"You don't remember? She hit you with a lamp, right round the back of the skull. C'mon, we need to head off.\" Richie glanced back into the bedroom and sure enough, there was the lamp on the floor, lead yanked right from the plug as someone had ripped it from the wall. Richie grinned and skipped happily after his brother. Sometimes his mind had a tendency of making things up, but everything always got sorted out within a few hours. Seth would never do that to him, once again it was just his mind making him think things like the other times, and Seth always told him what had really happened. The cut on his bottom lip was odd, but was probably that bitch back in the bedroom while she clawed at his face. Everything has an explanation. Seth just drinks his whiskey and tries to get the taste of Richie out of his mouth. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own From Dusk Till Dawn Warnings: Could be incest, generally a lot of crazy fr"},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"It's Big Brother's Job to Worry","Author":"Scorpiofreak","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9979533","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: This idea has been rattling around in my head for a couple days and I decided to write it out. Not that I'm knocking the movie or anything, seriously, it's one of my favorite vampire movies, but I found the dynamic between Seth and Richie more interesting to watch than the vampires. Mainly because I'm studying psychology in school, I like the idea of the brothers. Seth, a thief with honor, trying to look after his younger brother, a psychopath teetering on the edge of madness, while running from the law. This is a pre-FDTD one-shot but depending how this goes, I might add on a couple more. We'll see. Non-slash/incest story. Sorry. Disclaimer: I don't own From Dusk Till Dawn or its characters. With another labored strike, the sharp end of the rusted shovel cut through the damp earth and came back up with a slight tug before another shovelful of dirt was tossed off to the side and immediately forgotten. \"Seth?\" At the soft sound of his name, Seth Gecko almost flinched at how young and innocent the owner's voice sounded, making it nearly impossible for him to hold on to the anger he felt just a few hours earlier. \"What Richie?\" Seth's tone was short and biting towards his little brother, trying to make it clear that he wasn't interested in hearing anything the boy had to say. He didn't even so much as glance at Richie as he continued with his current, grim task. The younger boy didn't seem to take note of his frustration though. He just sat quietly and watched the worn shovel in his older brother's hands dig repeatedly into the soft ground of their backyard. It had rained earlier that day, making the hole much easier to dig than last time, but Seth wasn't sure if he should feel grateful for that or not. Yes, this whole unpleasant ordeal would be over faster than last time, but Seth's shoes and pants were getting caked in mud, which only served to irritate him further. Good clothes were hard to come by for the Gecko family. \"Where do things go when they die?\" Richie asked curiously as he picked up Seth's forgotten flashlight and started clicking it off and on rapidly, just like every annoying child needed to do at least once in their life. \"Why the hell are you asking me? How am I suppose to know?\" Came Seth's sharp response before he abruptly stopped digging and fixed his glare on his brother. \"Would you knock it off! I told you to keep the goddamn light on me, Richie! I'm not a fucking raccoon, I can't see in the dark!\" Immediately, the younger boy did what he was told without protest and put the flashlight back where he found it, making sure the light was angled on his brother. Things grew silent again as Richie's misplaced sense of contentment deflated and he recoiled into himself. The only sound around them was the dull, wet noise of a shovel upturning damp soil and tossing it unceremoniously into the darkness of the Gecko's backyard. At the thick silence, Seth looked up from the mud-covered shovel and towards his brother. Richie sat with his legs crisscrossed while his head bowed in rejection and his glasses (that were two sizes too big for his face) hung precariously on the bridge of his nose. He matched the picture perfect image of a kicked puppy, a sight that almost made Seth shudder. The very thought reminded him of why they were outside in the middle of the night, digging a fucking hole in the first place. Seth knew he should still be mad at Richie. How else would the boy learn that there were serious consequences for his actions? But it was difficult to do so when it came to the youngest of the Gecko brothers, especially when he made himself look so small and pathetic in the wake of his big brother's anger. It only made Seth feel like he was slowly turning into his father, an idea that terrified him to no end. \"Just keep the light on me, buddy. When I'm done, we can go back inside and I'll fix you something to eat,\" Seth promised after letting out an exhausted sigh. He honestly didn't know how much more of this he could take. Four holes in one month? It has never been this bad before. \"Okay,\" Richie replied with less dejection, picking up on the lighter note in Seth's tone. He couldn't understand why Seth was so angry with him all the time. He figured maybe it was the same reason why their dad was always so angry with Seth, reasons that Seth wouldn't tell Richie no matter how many times he asked. He had an inkling they all centered around him somehow, though. Another silence followed but it didn't last long. Seeing that Seth wasn't as upset with him as before, Richie decided to try his question again. He really wanted to know what his brother thought. Seth was really smart. He was the smartest person Richie knew, teachers at school included. He seemed to have an answer for everything. \"Seth?\" \"Yeah?\" Seth answered indifferently, still digging. \"I know you don't know where things go when they die, but where do you think they go?\" Richie asked in that curious, almost babyish tone of his that made him come off as five years old instead of eleven. Seth couldn't remember how many times he told Richie not to talk like that, knowing from the get-go that it was a lost cause. He didn't even think Richie realized he was doing it half the time. \"They go in the ground,\" Seth deadpanned while stomping the shovel into the soil a little harder than necessary. He wanted to finish this and get inside, away from the cold. Not play twenty stupid questions with his brother. \"No, I know that,\" Richie protested with a small whine. \"I mean, where do they go ? Like, is there a place they go?\" \"What do you mean place? Are you talking about heaven, Richie?\" Instead of answering, Richie just shrugged his shoulders and started picking at the neon orange band-aid Seth put on his knee the other day after he busted it up at the playground. Richie had gotten into another fight with one of the neighborhood kids. Usually, Seth stayed out of it, wanting to teach Richie how to defend himself because big brother might not always be around every time he got his destructive ass into trouble, but even Seth found it necessary to intervene sometimes; like when Richie broke the kid's nose. Later, when he asked Richie about the fight, he told Seth that the other boy shoved him first, which made his older brother immediately doubtful. Seth didn't know the kid personally, but he had seen him around the neighborhood enough times to know that he was an even bigger dork than Richie. The kid couldn't pick a fight even if his life depended on it, but Richie seemed adamant that he had started everything. Afterwards, he always demanded to know if Seth believed him, which he did...sort of. Seth knew in Richie's mind he was telling the truth, but his little brother has always been a few cards short of a full deck. So even though Seth didn't always wholeheartedly believe his brother's version of events, he still told Richie he did. For both their sakes, really. But usually, Seth just refused to deal with some things altogether. He was only fifteen years old for Christ's sake. He was Richie's brother, not his father. Although, Seth was possibly the closest thing Richie will ever come to having a parent. Now, that's not say that whenever Richie got into it with another kid, Seth just sat back and watched his little brother get the shit kicked out of him. It was only when he got into fights with children in his own age group, that Seth let Richie deal with it on his own. If Richie couldn't keep it together and play nice with his classmates for more than ten minutes, that wasn't Seth's problem. He had enough of those already. He didn't need Richie adding to it with his bullshit. Seth wasn't the poster child of peace either. He got into more fights on a daily basis than Richie did in an entire month. No matter how much he tried, Seth couldn't devote every waking hour watching Richie, nor could he fight all his battles for him. It was just too much for him to handle on his own. \"No, Richie,\" Seth said after a while. \"I don't think they go to heaven.\" \"Why not?\" \"Because there isn't one.\" \"But Father Morris and Aunt Claire said there is,\" Richie pointed out. \"Well they're both full of shit,\" Seth threw back, irritably. \"Especially Aunt Claire.\" Aunt Claire was their mother's crazy, bible-thumping sister. She lived across town in a small two-bedroom apartment with her hundreds of cats, fitting the crazy cat lady stereotype perfectly. She was single and had no life of her own (or so Seth assumed because of her extremist outlook on life that tended to rub people the wrong way). She came by every Sunday to drag him and his brother to church so they could feel God's love and accept him into their hearts, or some dumb shit like that. Richie thought their aunt was hilarious with her constant bible talk, even though the woman didn't have so much as an ounce of personality in her entire body, but Seth hated her, and not because of her in-your-face religious views. Ever since Richie was born and their mother died, Aunt Claire has been threatening to take Richie away. She wanted to take him to her apartment so she could raise him to be the perfect, churchgoing son she never had, and probably never will have. The crotchety old bat didn't want Seth though, not that he gave a rat's ass. She saw him as nothing but a nasty little boy, born oozing with filth and sin, which Seth was sometimes inclined to agree with. He was a pretty horrible kid, and he didn't like the idea of her taking Richie away. He belonged with Seth, not that heinous bitch. Only he could look after Richie. There was something not right going on inside Richard's head, and Seth would have to be blind, deaf, and stupid not to realize it. Only he could handle Richie and his increasingly disturbing behavior. Anyone else would send the boy off to a mental institution where he would be pumped with medication and left to live his life behind padded walls like some drugged up zombie. He didn't know exactly what was wrong with Richie (he wasn't a fucking doctor), nor did he know if his little brother would get worse, but Richie was still blood. He was the only family member he had left that Seth cared about, and he would rather bash Aunt Claire's skull in than risk having him taken away. Not that she even had any power to do so, so long as Seth and Richie's father was still alive (not that Seth gave a rat's ass about that either). So until that ugly bastard finally drank himself to death, and Seth kept things around the house just clean enough to keep Child Services away, Aunt Claire would just have to rot in that cat-filled shit hole by herself. She wasn't getting Richie. \"Did dad bust your lip or did you get that at school?\" Richie asked, changing subjects randomly like he always did. \"School,\" Seth reported before straightening up from his bent over position and letting out a heavy breath. He picked up the flashlight from the ground and shined it on the hole, deciding that it was finally deep enough. He might've dug a little deeper than necessary, but one could never be too careful with something they're trying to hide. Just like all the other times, he needed to make sure this little mistake never resurfaced again. \"Richie, hold the shovel and flashlight while I throw this thing in here.\" Richie did as he was told, making sure Seth had enough light as he picked up a bundle of dirty sheets that laid off to the side of the hole, forgotten by both brothers until then. Despite how pointless it would be to handle the content of sheets carefully, Seth couldn't bring himself to just dump the bundle into the hole like a sack of garbage. Maybe he was feeling guilty? Guilty for letting Richie out of his sight for so long? Or maybe he was just too tired to be indifferent and uncaring - as shocking as that might be. Either way, Seth found himself gently lowering the bundle into the hole, all the while gnawing on his previously mentioned, busted lip. \"Who'd ya fight this time?\" \"Aaron Mathers.\" \"The big kid that lives near the school?\" \"Yep.\" \"Did you win?\" \"Of course. I always win, don't I?\" Seth's opponent may have been bigger and older than him, but he had more than enough nerve and anger inside him to beat Mathers into the pavement. Seth always won, but as he told Richie that, his tone lacked the pride he felt after he had sent Aaron home crying. Any feelings of victory went out the window later that evening when he stumbled home and saw what Richie had done. \"Cool,\" Richie smiled. Seth barely held back a scoff before he took the shovel from Richie's hand and started filling in the hole again, practically undoing all his hard work, but what did he care? Just as long as he got rid of the thing that would undoubtedly cause him more nightmares. \"What'cha fight about?\" \"Don't worry about it,\" Seth said as he shoveled more dirt back into the hole, the white sheet slowly disappearing from sight. \"Wassit about me?\" \"No,\" He lied through gritted teeth, his grip on the shovel tightening like his jaw. Richie seemed to notice this and it only made him want to know even more. \"Then how come you're gettin' mad, Seth?\" \"I told you not to worry about it, Richard!\" Seth finally snapped, smacking the ground with the shovel in clear warning. \"It wasn't about you! Now just sit down and shut up!\" Another silence followed as the two brothers stared at each other. Seth narrowed his eyes, just daring the other boy to talk back, while Richie looked at him with wide eyes. Eventually he lowered his head in submission, hiding his face behind dirty lenses and oily dark hair. He bowed away from his older brother in rejection and sank back down to the ground to idly play with the grass, making Seth feel like crap again. He sharply exhaled through his nose as his eyes rolled towards the dark sky. \"Look, I'm sorry I snapped, buddy,\" He apologized before going back to work. \"Okay,\" Came Richie's quiet response. Knowing that he wasn't going to be so easily forgiven for his outburst, Seth put down the shovel and walked over to where Richie was ripping out blades of grass. He flopped down next to him without a word. He didn't mean to lose his temper, especially towards Richie. It was just the subject of Seth and Aaron's fight pissed him off enough the first time, he didn't need to bring it up again. The fight had been about Richie. Apparently, Mathers' dog went missing last week and the schoolyard rumor pool told him that someone saw Richie with it the day it went missing, and since Richie was still in elementary school, Mathers decided he would confront Seth with his newfound knowledge. Big mistake. Their little \"chat\" escalated into a full-out shouting match where Mathers made the remark about Richie being a little, psychotic freak that killed their mother and now gets a kick out of killing other people's pets. An even bigger mistake. Seth had Mathers on the ground and was pounding the shit out of him before anyone could blink. It took about three teachers to pry him off the other boy. It was one thing to insult Richie, that happened nearly everyday, but it was something entirely different to insult their dead mother. It left Seth seeing red, which ended with him busting open his knuckles on Mathers' face. It wasn't Richie fault their mother died. It really wasn't. She died in childbirth, but Seth never blamed Richie for that. Medically yes, Richie killed her, but it wasn't as black and white as some people made it out to be. In Seth's eyes, it had been solely their father's fault. If that drunk sonofabitch hadn't pushed his mother down a flight of stairs in a fit of rage when she was eight and a half months pregnant with Richie, then his brother would've been born on time, she would still be alive, and Seth wouldn't have grown up as fast as he did, probably. Plus, his old man probably wouldn't have made the oldest Gecko brother his own personal punching bag. \"Hey,\" Seth chided lightly, putting his arm around the younger boy's shoulders and pulling him close. \"Just don't worry about it. That's my job, kay?\" \"Kay, Seth,\" Richie said back, seeming to brighten up a little again. With a curt nod and a tired grunt, Seth hoisted himself off the ground, ignoring his aching muscles, and picked up his shovel again. \"Alright, no more talking now. I need to finish this.\" Ever loyal to his big brother, Richie remained silent as he watched Seth finish filling in the hole. He only broke that silence when Seth shoveled in the last of the dirt and patted it down until it was flat and leveled with the grass. Seth made a mental note to himself to find something to cover the small patch until the grass grew back. \"I really am sorry, Seth,\" Richie said, so quietly that the older boy almost missed it. \"I didn't mean to.\" Seth looked down at his brother with a blank expression for several seconds before letting out an exhausted sigh, his shoulders visibly slacking. \"I know you didn't, buddy.\" \"You do believe me though, right? It attacked me first, Seth. I was only trying to pet it, but it bit my hand. Honest.\" \"...then how come you don't have any marks on you, Richard?\" Seth asked, not looking up from the hole where he had just buried yet another unfortunate, neighborhood cat. At the question, Richie looked down at his hands, stained with dirt from the ground and blood from the cream-colored tabby. The younger boy slowly examined them with a perplexed expression written across his face as if he had never seen them before. A throat-clenching silence followed where neither brother moved a muscle and Seth had to fight back the urge to sniff when the bridge of his nose started to itch and his eyes began sting. When Richie stopped looking over his hands and refused to meet his brother's gaze, Seth choked back the sad sound crawling up his throat and walked over to a nearby shed to put back the shovel. Once that was done, he rubbed his own hands together in an attempt to get some of the dirt off. He flinched when the action irritated the developing blister on his palm. He then closed the shed door and locked it, knowing his dad would have his ass if he didn't. Seth didn't return to Richie right away. He just stood facing the closed shed door with his eyes shut tightly while he tried to collect himself and erase the flashing images in his head. Images of him pounding a kid twice his size until he begged for mercy. Him coming home beaten and bruised only to get more beaten and bruised when he told his father he had been suspended from school for fighting again. Finding Richie crying and covered in blood on the side of the house with a broken pile of bones and fur laying on the ground in front of him. Aunt Claire screaming at him how he was going to hell just because his Sunday shirt had a small stain on it. And probably the most disturbing of all, the image of his mother laying in a pool of blood at the bottom of the stairs with her leg twisted at an odd angle and her strawberry blonde hair a tangled mess, choking out a cry for Seth to run and get help. Seth felt the left side of his face twitch in a nervous tick he had ever since he could remember. He took in a deep, shuddering breath and held it in for a few moments before slowly letting it out. \"Come on, Richie,\" Seth said as he walked back to his brother, his expression indifferent and solid as stone once again. \"Time to go inside.\" \"Okay, Seth,\" Richie replied again in his babyish tone. The boy pulled himself off the ground and wiped his hands on his already filthy shirt, a hand-me-down baseball jersey of Seth's. He quickly fell into pace next to Seth as the older boy walked by him and headed towards the house. When they reached the back door, Seth motioned for Richie to go ahead of him while he kicked off his muddy shoes and left them on the porch, telling Richie to do the same. Just before he followed behind his brother though, Seth looked back at the yard one last time, taking in the freshly dug grave and the six older ones surrounding it. Pushing the dark feelings in his chest to the side, Seth entered the house and firmly shut the door behind him, already thinking up a believable lie to tell his neighbor when they came looking for their pet. Once inside with the back door locked, Seth headed into the kitchen and started leafing through the fridge for something edible he could feed to his brother. Richie planted himself in front of the living room TV with a content smile and didn't move for next the hour or so as he watched the colorful cartoons run around on the cracked screen, leaving Seth to wonder when the hell things had gotten so bad. If they hadn't already been like that to begin with. AN: Well, there you have it. I don't really know what exactly drove me to write this but once it was in my head, I couldn't get it out. Plus, the From Dusk Till Dawn section needed more stories anyways. There were a few OC's in here but they were minor characters and only existed for the sake of the one-shot. I also had to make up my own backstory for the brothers since we obviously don't know their real one. If you enjoyed this, let me know in a review please! Maybe if I get a couple of good reviews, I'll write a few more Pre-FDTD one-shots. ~Scorpiofreak~ ","Summary":" AN: This idea has been rattling around in my head for a couple days and I decided to write it out. "},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"The Things We Do","Author":"Jaqui Napier","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6253205","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Seth Gecko is a man whose conscience is clear. When he acts, it is only because he has too. Never in his life has he hurt, robbed, maimed or murdered without the situation dictating its necessity. Smacking his baby brother in the mouth was just another one of those necessities. But that didn't mean it didn't hurt. And, watching Richie lying flat out cold on the cheap fabric of the motor home couch, Seth shuddered as if chilled. Unease pricked at his soul and sweat broke on his skin. It wasn't as if he'd wanted to slam the back of his fist hard into his brother's face. Once Richie gets the idea that you've slighted him – a belief based in reality or otherwise – into his head, then he'd cling to that trespass like a terrier, more pressing circumstances be damned. 'I'm curious. What was the nuttiest thing I did?' Richie demanded, agitation etched onto his features. Seth had tried, but what else could he do? Let them get picked up by some spic pigs and left to rot in some hellhole detention centre? Some jumped-up would-be cop drinking out on the story for the rest of his sad little life, the tale of how he out did the whole of Texas law enforcement and apprehended the notorious Gecko brothers, all because the crazy one just could let a throw away jibe pass? A prison sentence for him was severing a lifeline for Richie. He didn't know by what sick grace Richie has survived those eight years without his big brother to steer him down a path of relative sanity, and that was on the outside. No doubt Richie would be punished for his role in his brother's liberation. Seth knew what happened to men like Richie in prison. Seth reached out a hand to stroke his brother's jaw and a wave of hot tenderness broke over him. He had to have done what he done. Would he rather see his brother rendered unconscious by his own hand than in the back of a cop car. Still, his pallor worried him. Ten minutes was a long time for a healthy man to be out after a single blow. Healthy, that is, in the physical sense. 'C'mon, kid, wake up.' Seth shook his brother gently, and then a little more firmly. 'Don't make a career out of it.' Richie blinked, his eyes hazy and unfocused, recognising his brother more by the sound of his voice and his touch than sight. Seth breathed, relieved 'You okay?' 'Yeah, I think so,' replied Richie, an ache creeping across his forehead. 'What happened?' His big brother smiled, 'I don't know, you just passed out... You said something about your hand hurting, then you just hit the ground...' Seth Gecko always did what he had to do. CUT TO: We he was a kid, and when he was a kid, he'd had to do a lot more of the same. It was only once he and Richie had been placed in the home that the voices started. Whispering demands implored, invited Richard Gecko to a precipice of sickness he could never of have dreamt. The nights were the worst. Richie lay in bed sweating and muttering, his distress cutting into Seth's heart like a blunt knife. Moving silently through the dark, Seth climbed into his baby brother's bed and curled up close against his back. He wound his arms tight around him, as if the embrace alone could tether his tormented soul to reason. Seth stayed so still as he shuddered and moaned, feeling the damp of his tears spot his pyjama sleeve. There were times when Seth just lost it at his brother. Now Seth, he stole. He smacked any kid who messed with him, or his brother. But the acts that Richie did... he could not even understand for a moment why. Still, for all of Richie's bloodlust towards stray animals, and stray persons, and plain ol' lust for the girls in the home, he was still his baby brother. He would lead him away, hand in hand, Richie's fingers sticky with congealed blood, some his own, and some others'. And once he'd guided his brother to a safe distance, he'd let loose his rage, his disgust, not at Richie but at the things he did. Richard Gecko would at first protest his innocence, and then he'd submit to his brother's blows until he exhausted and his anger drained. They'd collapse together, holding each other until the madness passed. And every time, Seth hoped that it would the last. It never was. Thirty minutes he'd been gone, out picking up food and a six-pack for him and his brother. That was long enough. 'Where's the woman?' he demanded, knowing the answer. 'What?' asked Richard. A final misguided attempt at ignorance. The lilt in his voice, the tremor of fear betrayed him as it had since he was a boy. Seth knew. A fury burned in the older brother. 'What'd ya mean, what? The fuckin' woman, the hostage. Where the fuck is she, Richard?' he exploded. Did he understand why the only good hostage is a living hostage? Did he think hostages grew on trees? What the hell did he think he was doing? Bile rose in Seth's throat. The state of the bedroom confirmed his worst suspicion. Oh, Richard, what's wrong with you? Once he had thrown his brother hard against the motel wall, and once he'd forced him to accept his fault, pinning him tightly by the wrist, Seth calmed. The pain and fear on his little brother's face drowned his anger like a tidal current. 'Yes, Seth, I understand!' Richie cried. Seth relented. He freed his brother's hand and hugged him tight. Richie's arms fell to his brother's waist and the two of them clung to each other for a moment, as Seth whispered sweet nothings of hope and peace in his little brother's ear. CUT TO: Seth's knees hit the wooden floor hard, but the pain did not register. Buckling in despair, he took his brother's hand in his and wept at the loss of the only one who'd walked beside him all of his sinful life. Richard Gecko lay lifeless next to him, his face pallid and streaked with the blood that bore testament to his final, violent moments. That fucking whore was now a pool of goo. Her beautiful form was reduced – almost literally – to a seeping mess of a stew. Seeing his brother's killer dead did nothing for Seth's agony. Knowing that the bitch had drained his baby brother dry was like a knife to the gut. His gasped, and then gulped: 'Richie, I'm sorry I fucked things up. You'd have really liked it in El Ray. We'd have found peace there,' he winced, gripping his brother's dead hand. More quietly, he said, 'You would have been able to find peace there.' Seth leaned in, kissing Richie on his cold, blooded lips. 'I love you little brother, I'll miss you bad.' Eyes shot open yellow. Richard's once still expression wretched into a hideous mask of the grotesque. Fangs erupted, shining. The hiss was inhuman. 'I'm glad you feel that way, Seth. I love you too.' His savage teeth were bared, soaring towards the inked neck of his brother. A swarm of hands threw him down, holding him, securing him, against the rage, the thirst, the whirling spasm slow as far as Richie was concerned. His teeth ground against each other. It almost killed him, the hunger. By now, the burly guy had snapped a leg from a chair and was advancing on Richard. Seth understood as quickly as his demon brother. 'Touch my brother with that stake, biker,' Seth breathed, 'and vampires wont need to suck your blood, they'll be able to lick it up off the floor.' The .45 in his hand only added weight to his argument. Jacob spasmed in rage. Damn, he knew, he'd seen that Seth loved Richie, loved him to the end of the world. And maybe it was that love that raised the robbing and killing son-of-a-bitch's soul to an approximation of human. But that was no comfort in the face of his family's deaths. 'Don't be an idiot, he'll kill us all!' he said with more conviction than he'd ever mustered in the pulpit. 'Shut up!' Seth roared. 'Yeah, shut up!' sniggered Richard, following his brother's lead in death as in life. The twisted snarl of a grin melted from his face as he saw Seth pick the stake from the biker's hand. Brother leant into brother. It would have been a tender embrace, if it wasn't for the deadly weapon. Tears broke in the criminal's eyes. Richie jerked and thrashed. Seth, however, as ever, remained cool. With a steady hand, he placed the sharpened wood against his brother's chest, and raised his gun. 'Richie, here's the peace in death I could never give you in life.' ","Summary":" Seth Gecko is a man whose conscience is clear. When he acts, it is only because he has too. Never i"},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"Stars in the Dope Show","Author":"Salem Saori","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3774822","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Starsnin a Dope Show Perspective. That was all he needed as he dashed down dark, empty alleys. The onlynsound to keep him company were his stomps on a pavement wet withnfaded rain, dyed a sour orange by the streetlights. The him innquestion, a man in his mid-thirties who could as well have beenndressing for a formal business meeting, small part of a tattoonvisible in the corner of his shirt's neck, his tanned, sharp,nhandsome features contorted in anxiety, stopped his hurry for ansecond, took in a couple deep breaths. Perspectivenwas always the first step. Or, in the words of his thoughts; Let'sntry and keep some fucking perspective in here, Seth. But it wasnsomething admittedly hard, right then. A few streets away from thentelephone booth Seth had just left after spending a rather long timendiscussing a different kind of runaway, his agitation had started tongrow. Thenfact that his brother was missing wouldn't be that much of annissue, were it not because when Richard Gecko was nowhere to benfound, it couldn't ever mean anything good. In fact,nin the past, it had plainly meant catastrophe. And Sethnwasn't too enthusiastic about that. He liked to keep his feet tonthe ground, he liked things to be clean and agile and professional;ncatastrophe was not only messy, but worse, unpractical. And itnfollowed the both of them whenever Richie was around – and, like itnor not, one of the two had to clean up the mess. Preferably the sane one of the two. He glanced over andnover around the empty backstreets, without really seeing anythingnexcept a distinct lack of his brother wherever his eyes dartedn–encountered only the occasional staggering men reeking of drunk,nthe occasional smoking whores who should know better before lookingnat him twice with their bloodshot eyes–. Thenone who isn't a fucking nuttynbastard nor loves proving it in the worst fucking possible moments. Sethnhad never, ever, hit his brother. He had raised his hand on the rarenoccasion, but it always went away, sometimes when Richie's glassesnfell to the floor and he started to stutter, sometimes when hennarrowed his eyes and tightened his jaw and looked all too much likenan angry kid on the verge of crying for Seth not to think fucknit . Because when it came down to it, anschizoid pile of weak is really all Richie was. …Sethnhad never hit his brother, but feeling like it, that was anothernstory entirely. His broad shoulders shook slightly as he tooknanother abrupt change of direction, clenching his fist and throwingnit at the wall instead. \" Fuck !\" He drew inna deep breath. Okay,ntry. Try and figure what the fuck can possibly go on in that crazednmind of his Jesus christ what's his fucking problem ButnRichard had his own particular way of scurrying out of view, when thenbigger fish his older brother fried in any telephone booth became toonredundant. Seth's business had to do with him, heavily, and hownabout the transition from \"quiet, serious Richie sitting peacefullynin the penitentiary court during his brother's trial\" ton\"psychothic Richie shoving the barrel of a gun into some Ranger'snmouth\" had been so blink-and-miss, and how it had actually been anbrilliant idea but the cops didn't think that way; that was as farnas he cared to know until about five minutes before taking course ofnaction. Reckless didn't cover it. Consequences were simply not innhis book. Thatnwas his fucking problem. It was both their fucking problem. Seth hadnlet him go because when Richie was bored, he started missing thenattention, and when he did that, he became annoying, and when henbecame annoying, Seth would snap at him and tell him to get lost, andnif he did so, Richie was capable of elaborating a fit about it to thenpoint of obsession, and Seth did not like obsession, and it occurrednto him that the punching of walls would very much have taken placeneither way. Except thenlowly districts where the two top-wanted U.S. criminals hid to thencasual eye were not the best place in the world for Richard Gecko tonget lost. - Fewnstreets from there stood a certain bespectacled man, equallynwell-dressed, resting his shoulder against a wall while jadedlynstaring at the avenue he had just found in his aimless strollingnthrough dark streets. It opened wide into the city and was betternilluminated; he didn't like darkness at all, even when too muchnlight made him squint. An unlitncigar hung from the side of his thin lips. He wasn't a smoker, butnit was nice just to let it sit there. Latenas it was, there were not many people in the street. He likednwatching them, watching as they walked past. An older, modestlyndressed lady, opposite to him in the street (shenwasn't trying to avoid him, was she? the old bitch, what the fucknwas her problem?) , quickly scurriedninto one of the nearby portals. A tall and lanky man, his steps quicknand loud, glanced at him for a brief second (--saidnsomething. he couldn't quite make out what, but he was more thannprepared to walk up to the bastard, show him the gun in his pocketnand fucking ask him to repeat) . A youngnwoman, all short black skirt, bleached hair and scarce tanktop, wasnthe closest to him as she walked past (hencould smell her perfume, and her pace didn't increase, she didn'tneven purse her red lips while walking past him, and lord knew it wasneven better when they knew he was watching, and much better when he didn't just havento watch and LET'S FACE IT, RICHIE,nSHE'S PROBABLY SUCH A WHORE SHE'LL EVEN ENJOY IT— \"Excusenme,\" The cigar fell to the floor with the first agitated gasp. \"Donyou know what time is it?\" The youngnwoman turned around, facing his dull stare with hazel brown eyes. (andnthen she opened her mouth to say everrrything he wanted to hear) Henblinked, confused. So that was what she wanted- Richardnfelt a hand clinging tightly to his forearm, and when he turnednaround, he was greeted with his brother's silently severenexpression. \"She'snnot wearing a watch, Richie,\" He whispered through gritted teeth,nand turned to the girl, giving her a forcedly friendly smile, \"Excusenmy brother. He's- he should look more closely.\" She noddednquickly and giggled nervously, \"That's okay,\" before hurryingnaway. Richie gaped on her movements, before the pressure of Seth'snthumb on his chin forced them to lock eyes. \"Shenrecognized me,\" He blurted by instinct, feeling safer instantly.n\"You shouldn't have showed up, just have me do it, she's-nshe'll probably tell them cops about us just now—\" \"Shutnup,\" The slightly shorter man growled. \"She can, for all I care.nIt's not like every single fucker in the city isn't looking for us right now.\" He took in a deep breath, stress beingnthe last thing he wanted then. \"They're not finding us eithernway. We're leaving.\" The momentnhe eased the pressure, Richie opened his mouth. Only complaints couldncome out. \"But-\" \" Shutnthe fuck up and come with me,\" Sethnmotioned clearly for his brother to follow, and at the lack ofnresponse from the younger man, reached for his forearm again andnjerked the slightest bit too aggressively. Richie narrowed his eyes.n\"To the car. We're going to Mexico. Good old Carlos has somenbusiness to pay back, so he'll be helping us. We're meeting upnwith him somewhere near the outskirts, he and his men will take us tonEl Rey, and everything will be fucking groovy, Richie, and I want tonhear absolutely nothing.\" \"But Inhave to stop by home, Seth!\" His brother and partner-in-crimenshouted. Sethndidn't even shoot him a killing glare, trying to focus all of hisnattention in scanning the streets for his car. \"You don't. Shutnup.\" \"No-ndon't tell me what I have to do, because—\" \"I'mnnot saying anything. Just shut up.\" Theynprobably looked like a couple of faggots right then. At least he wasnthe man. \"All mynstuff's in there! You didn't tell me to shut up this morning,nSeth!\" \"Fornfuck's sake, Richie, shut-\" Wherenthe fuck did I park …? \"Youndon't tell me to shut up when I'm saving your sorry ass fromnjail—\" \"Therenwe go,\" The tanned man raised his voice, rushing towards the darkngrey vehicle. He released the grip on his bespectacled partner;nRichie turned his visage away, before reluctantly sneaking in andnstarting the car. - Sethnkept rubbing the palm of his hand against his eyes, gulping down thenbeer in a nearby bottle as he started the car. It had been a longnday. He felt like turning on the radio full-volume, but morenattention drawn to them was the least they needed. Thenolder man lazily glanced over at his brother, currently hunched overnin the seat next to him, dispassionately avoiding Seth's eyes. Henrolled eyes, hated feeling slightly bad; admitting yelling at him onnhis first night out hadn't been the best thing he could've done.nHe was tonthank, after all, in his own way. A bit under a week apart from himnhad made it hard to remember that everything Richie said was true asnfar as his little delusions went. \"Hey,\"nHe started, poking his brother's shoulder, without taking his eyesnoff the road. \"Been quite the bullshit night in suck city. At leastnwe gave this place a nice goodbye gift.\" He paused. Richie didn'tnanswer. \"Did you check up on the woman?\" Richienblinked and shook his head slowly. Sethndecided it was not the best moment to voice out how he thoughtnhostages were not the way to go. And especially not if he was goingnto leave them in the trunk and forget about them right afterwards. After somenseconds, he heard his brother's teeth grit in the silence. \"Yournbit, Richie.\" \"Left itnhome.\" \"No youndidn't.\" Seth grinned faintly, nodding towards the glovencompartment. Richie lowered his head and checked the contents;neyelids tightly pressed, he chuckled some seconds afterwards. \"See,nthere's nothing important you're not carrying right now,\" Thenolder man commented casually, distractedly. Thenyounger man tiredly tilted his head to one side, relaxing in the seatnand adjusting his specs, suddenly feeling the urge to raise his legnand let it hang out of the window. \"How long until the highway?\"nHe grunted. \"What's our next stop?\" \"We'rendone with this place,\" Seth muttered, \"I'm pretty sure we cannstop by a motel somewhere near the outskirts. Tomorrow it'll be anliquorery, a gas station or something. The second we get a road map,nit's frontier time, and then…\" … andnthen nothing of this shit will matter, and things will be less of anmess, and you will find peace and you'll be okay, we both will. \"See,nthat's your important stuff, but I like my porn,\" The younger manncrooned, hardly uncomfortable at all with interrupting his brother.n\"You don't have to duct tape its mouth.\" Thirty-threenyears around him, and Seth could have sworn he knew what to expect. As long asnhe didn't let anybody fuck with him, he dubiously guessed. ","Summary":" Starsnin a Dope Show Perspective. That was all he needed as he dashed down dark, empty alleys. The "},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"From Dusk Till Valentines","Author":"crankyXwhenXprovoked","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7818596","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The slightly battered RV bounced a bit on the road as Kate drove down the road, the radio playing low. A slight snoring noise from the passenger seat made a light smile play on her face, looking over at the male sleeping there. Seth's head bounced along with the RV, his snores being interrupted as well, just for a few seconds. Turing her eyes back to the road, she smiled a bit more as she though over what had happened. Sure there were some tough times and more deaths than she wanted to really think about right now, but she had met Seth. The slight butterfly feeling she was getting in the pit of her stomach when he would look at her spoke levels. He had given her some money and told her to leave with it, she wasn't safe to stay with him. She had only gotten about 30 feet in the RV when she pulled it to a stop and turned around. There was a bit of an argument about her leaving, but she was persistent and didn't back down, like he was used to people doing. Finally she got him to agree to let her go with him and they hopped into the RV and headed away from 'Titty Twister'. After hitting another big dip in the road, a loud snorting snore was heard and a groan. \"How do you expect me to rest, with driving like that?\" His gravely sleep voice, rasped out. \"It's not my fault the roads are hell,\" \"Hell is what we left back there, it doesn't take a genius to swerve around the holes in the road,\" He mumbled, unbuckling himself and getting up, heading to the back. There was near silence, save for his footsteps as he headed to the small bathroom in the moving home. A few moments later she heard him walk over to the sink and wash his hands. She heard him next open the little fridge and a few cabinets then a slight grumble and he reappeared and sat back down. \"Why is there nothing to eat or drink in this thing?\" \"I wonder,\" She said, giving him a side ways glance. He rolled his eyes slightly. \"Well next little store or something we get to pull in,\" \"Ok,\" Silence fell between them again, so she reached over and turned the radio up a little, humming along to it. It didn't take long for her to spot a place and pull into it. She was just about to get up after stopping and turning off the RV, when Seth shook his head. \"You stay here and if you hear shooting or something of the sort, get out of here,\" \"But what about you,\" He grabbed her chin lightly, making her look him in the eyes. \"Do as I say,\" \"Ok,\" She said softly as he let go of her face and got out of the RV. She brushed her hair out of her face and tried to stop the heat she was feeling on her cheeks. It didn't take much time for the door of the RV and Seth to come back with his arms full of bags. She watched him with mild interest as he put a bag into the bedroom area and then got to the rest. \"Would you like me to wait till you get all the stuff away, before I take off?\" \"You can get going, the further away we are the better,\" He said, putting more stuff away. As she drove out of the parking lot, he continued to put the stuff away. When he was done, he came back up front and sat down handing her a cold pop. \"Thanks,\" She said, taking a drink of the cool liquid. He nodded and was silent as she continued down the highway. A few hours later they stopped again to use the bathroom and stretch out a bit, before getting back in, this time Seth driving. Getting bored of watching the dwindling sunlight, Kate closed her eyes and fell asleep. It seemed like she had just fallen asleep when a gentle hand on her shoulder was shaking her lightly. \"Kate, wake up,\" Seth said, shaking her a bit more. \"What?\" She said with a yawn opening her eyes and jumping a little at what was in her face. It was a red heart shaped box that had a design of a white rose on the top of it, with vines running all around the edge of it. Looking up into his eyes, he smiled a little and leaned forward and pressed his lips to hers. She gasped lightly, but kissed back for a moment, before he pulled back and smiled a little more. \"Happy Valentines Day,\" He said, handing her the box. \"Happy Valentines Day to you too,\" She wasn't actually sure it was the day, but when he pressed his lips back to hers. She really could care less. ~*~*~*~Author's Note~*~*~*~ Another present :3 I don't own the characters. ","Summary":" The slightly battered RV bounced a bit on the road as Kate drove down the road, the radio playing l"},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"After the Dawn","Author":"Copper's Mama","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5122323","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ... A Seth/Kate fic. ... Disclaimer: Nope, don'tnown From Dusk Till Dawn. ... A/N: Watched this movienlast night, decided to do the same thing I did with my Skulls 3 fic.nFollows along with the story, but the ending is different. Effing loved GeorgenClooney in this movie. Loved his tattoo ... yum. Anywhoo ... a fair bitnof F words in this fic, but I think I'll leave it rated T for now ... As always, please readnand review, I live for feedback! ................................................................................................................................................................................ He had noticed she wasnattractive when he'd first laid eyes on her at the motel room, but hendidn't really realize how ... perfect she was until she saved hisnass, not too shy about shimmying out of her pants and underwear tonpretend se was \"on the toilet\" when the border patrol camenon-board to search for stow-aways. When she tried to pass onnher drink, telling him that she wasn't 21 yet, he thought it was thencutest but dirtiest thing he had ever seen. When he asked her if shenwas ready for her second round, and she replied with, \"Yes, I'llnhave another one, thank you,\" he nearly laughed out loud. First,nbecause of the look on her father's face, and second, because she wasnhis hostage, and buzzed from what he assumed was her first alcoholicndrink, she was beyond polite. Like when he'd knockednRichie out in the bathroom to shut him up, she thanked him. ... He didn't like the waynRichie looked at her. Mostly because of what he'd done with theirnlast hostage, but something else, something different in his gut setnoff warning bells in his head. He slammed his second shotnof whiskey, pounding the glass on the table a few extra times. He'd just have to keepnRichie away from her until Carlos arrived, and then she'd be safe andnsound, with them long gone. After thensnake-chick-thing did her dance and the guy they knocked out at thenentrace came back, all hell broke loose. Literally. I mean, what the hell?nEven after ... I mean, my brother just died - twice - how can I stillnbe thinking that it's nice of her to ask me if I'm okay? He replied with somensarcastic remark, voicing the first time that they were, in fact,ndealing with vampires. I repeat, what thenhell? He lashed out at Kate,nstupidly thinking that maybe if he hadn't been so infatuated withnher, he could have saved Richie, somehow. Her father tried to talknSeth down, Kate and the two gigantors staked some more vampires, andnthen they got to talking about what kills vampires. He almost laughed when shenended the conversation about silver, and then slapped himselfninternally. You sick fuck, she'snnot even 21, and you just staked your damn brother. Stop picturingnher in that fucking bikini! They lost two more asnSex-Machine turned, and Jacob got bitten. They hauled ass, finding anback room filled with stolen supplied, raiding the boxes for anynpossible weapons. He had to bite back a groan as he watched Kate cocknthe firing mechanism of the crossbow she'd found. Sexy as hell, butnfocus, Seth. Preacher-man father is bad enough, but you don't neednvampire-daddy making you his first meal for ogling his daughter. Jacob made his kidsnpromise to kill him once he changed, and if Seth hadn't been so numbnat that point, it would have broken his heart to hear her cry. The thing that Sex-Machinenhad become (something akin to a Hellhound) had him pinned, and wasnmoments away from tearing out his throat, but then they both lookednup at the sound of a whistle. Kate took aim with her weapon, and withnmore strength than he thought he had, Seth lifted the thing off him,ngiving her a clean shot. Right between the eyes,nenough for him to send its dead weight flying into the fire. She tooknanother shot and it exploded, and if he hadn't been a littlenpre-occupied at the moment, he would have taken her, right then andnthere. Her brother shot hernnow-vampire father, and she cried out, barely noticing the bloodynwound on her younger sibling's neck. All Seth could say was,n\"Fight now, cry later.\" It was callous, but true. The boy was being devourednby several other monsters from hell, and then it was just Seth andnKate, after she shot their meal. They were surrounded,nrunning out of bullets, and their only saving grace was that theyncouldn't seto into the sunlight, and beams of hope were streamingnthrough the many holes in the beat-down establishment. She grabbed his arm,napparently thinking he meant to ditch her because she said, \"Seth,ndon't leave me.\" Crazy girl. They fought off the onesnthey could, getting in a few subtle gropes as they spun around eachnother, until they were back-to-back once more, her hand wrappingnaround his arm like it was her only lifeline. With the best of timing,nCarlos arrived and they ran through the door he'd shot with waynthrough. The \"Titty-Twister\" blew up as the vampires insidenexploded, the sunlight clearly not agreeing with them, and the twonwere still alive. Somehow. He negotiated down to 25npercent, and sent Kate to the RV to get the suitcases. He closed thendeal with Carlos, gave him his payment and turned to Kate, butncouldn't look her in the eye. \"I'm sorry.\" Itnwas nowhere near good enough, but it was all he had. She said she was sorryntoo, about Richie, and he gave her some of the money he and hisnbrother had stolen. As he went to get into hisn\"new\" car, she stopped him. \"Seth ... you neednsome company?\" He was sorely tempted tonsay yes, but who was he to drag her into his life? As much as henwanted her ... \"I may be a bastard,nbut I'm not a fucking bastard.\" She smirked at that, andnhe got in his car, driving away. He stopped beside her father's RV,nsighing. After a few second, he asked her, \"Can you drive thatnthing?\" She looked between him andnher previous home before nodding. Seth sighed again, deeper. Fuck it, I'm not that much of a nice guy. I am a bastard, after all. \"Follow me.\" She smiling, pulling thenkeys out of her pocket and running towards her new life. ................................................................................................................................................................................ The end. So, what do you think?nLike it, hate it? I loved Cheech Marin'sncharacters in this movie, too funny. If you've seen the movie before,nI hope I didn't wreck it too much, and if you haven't, you definitelynshould. Great movie. Until next time ...! ","Summary":" ... A Seth/Kate fic. ... Disclaimer: Nope, don'tnown From Dusk Till Dawn. ... A/N: Watched this mov"},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"un trabajo, una desviación, ¿algo nuevo?","Author":"jer35mx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10951425","Passage":"[Chapter 1] por la carretera norteña, por los limites de sonora y baja california norte un camión es desviado para evitar el transito de una caravana de ayuda por los daños del huracán, el camión continúa el trayecto, \"¿seguro que no hay que entrar a la ciudad?\", el administrativo parado junto al chofer, con un pie en los escalones de acceso y otro en el lugar del asiento del chofer muestra el contrato, el chofer le dirige una mirada enojada, dice \"mire, ahí hay unas personas caminando por la carretera, esperemos que sean locales y no migrantes que solo pasan a buscar trabajo\", el camión se detiene y les preguntan los dos acerca de un coliseo de lucha libre, una mujer les responde \"ahí mas adelante, una construcción con entrada de bar y terminación de pirámide antigua\", ellos les dan las gracias y rearrancan el camión, unos 5 minutos después ven el lugar y se detienen, una mujer morena con el cabello entre rojizo, amarillo y castaño baja del camión jugando con una mascara en la mano, inmediatamente siente el calor, un aire caliente que le rodea la piel, dice \"ufff\" y con la mano libre se abre el botón de arriba de una blusa con una abertura sobre el pecho y se airea un poco ese lugar con la mascara, camina mas rapido y se detiene hasta la sombra de la puerta, poniendose la mascara dice \"no me extraña que no haya ni autos aún siendo ya cerca del anochecer\", entra llamando con la mano a los demas, continúa y espera, porque, raro, no se ve a nadie, entran todos y algunos y algunas ya con el celular en la mano, ella se sienta y cruza la pierna, al anochecer aparecen dos hombres y uno de ellos se pone tras el recibidor, luego sale una mujer bajita, de la misma estatura de ella, ella le grita \"hey, ¿hay un lugar donde refrescarse?\", la mujer le mira y le dice a los hombres \"voy a salir, ¿alguien mas quiere caminar un poco?\", los demas hacen gestos y caras de decepción, ella piensa *pues yo pregunte*, se para y le confirma \"yo si voy\", la sigue hacia la puerta y cruzan la carretera, ella ve hacia arriba \"muy obscuro, ¿no hay faroles?, ¿la luna?\", la mujer se detiene, delante de ellas se ve una obscuridad, ella oye oleaje, la mujer se empieza a quitar la ropa, ella se empieza a desabrochar la macara, la mujer le pregunta \"¿se deshace con el agua salada?\", ella contesta \"era por el trabajo\", ella se comienza tambien a quitar la ropa \"pero traigo otras\", al estar ella lista la sigue hacia el sonido, la mujer le empieza a gritar sobre la fuerza del oleaje, la luchadora entiende algunas cosas de las que dice pero como es natural se pasa la mayor parte del tiempo bajo el agua del mar, en una oleada la luchadora queda debajo del agua y sus ojos solo ven agua, de repente esta tirada en la arena y la mujer levanta su rostro, ella ni siquiera vomita agua, solo ve sangre en los labios de la mujer. ","Summary":" por la carretera norteña, por los limites de sonora y baja california norte un camión es desviado p"},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"Long Night","Author":"Tornmuscle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4631887","Passage":"[Chapter 1] PatricknJones Presents: LongnNight Itn started out just like any other day, as most days do. Inwoke up, looked in the freezer, and realized that I was out ofnbutterscotch ice cream. So, as any person would do in such ansituation as this, I put on a leather jacket and headed out to thengrocery store. It was a LONG way to the grocery store, and by thentime I got there, it was already starting to get dark. I approachednthe large, fortress like, doors, which I assumed all grocery storesnhad. I stepped inside. Everything seemed normal. I looked around,nthere were around ten employees working that night, but I didn'tnsee any customers. Before long I spotted what I had come to thenstore for, butterscotch ice cream. I walked over to the freezernwhich held the ice cream. I reached in and grabbed hold of aboutnfifteen containers of ice cream, all with one hand. I turned andnbegan walking towards the checkout. There was no lineup. I set mynice cream in front of the cashier. \"Willnthat be all?\" He asked. \"Yes.\"n I replied. The cashier began ringing the ice cream through. WhilenI was waiting I noticed a rather sharp, dirty, jagged piece of metalnlaying on the ground by my feet. I did what any person would do. Inpicked it up and began playing with it. Before long, I cut myself. nThe cut was deep and bloody. I stood there for a moment looking atnmy wound, unsure of what to do. I looked back up at the cashier. Hentoo had noticed my wound and was staring at it intensely. \"M.Y.O.B.\"n I said to him. He continued to stare. \"Don't you speaknEnglish?\" I questioned, \"M.Y.O.B!\" It was then that I saw thenmost frightening image I have ever seen. The cashiers skin turned anscaly green, and his nose receded back into his face. Two fangsnappeared in his mouth. He tilted his head back and let out a longnhiss. \"Dude,\"nI began, \"You're not cool just 'cause you can do that.\" \"Wellnyou're not cool just 'cause you're wearing that leathernjacket.\" Replied the cashier, now a blood sucking vampire. \"Ouch.\"nI said, \"You just burned me so bad.\" The cashier let out anothernlong hiss. He leapt up onto the checkout counter and looked down atnme. \"You're boss would get you in trouble if he saw you doingnthat.\" I warned. The cashier hissed one last time before leapingnout at me, ready to bite. I stepped to the side at the last secondnand the cashier missed me. He hit the ground with a thud. I grabbednmy ice cream and began walking towards the door. Like I would evennconsider coming back to this place again! As I got close to thendoors, another employee stepped in my way. \"Yournnot going anywhere.\" She said. She transformed into a vampire,njust like the cashier. She took a fighting stance. I remained calm.n I set my ice cream on the ground, and began walking towards her. \"HIYA!\"n I exclaimed as I delivered a roundhouse kick to her face, literallynknocking her head off her shoulders. The now decapitated employeenstumbled around, still alive despite her missing head. I grabbed annearby chair and smashed it over her back, causing her to drop to thenground. I grabbed one of the broken chair legs and thrust it throughnthe employee's heart. She instantly stopped moving. The key tondefeating these vampires, was of course, staking them through thenhearts! I grabbed another chair leg and looked around. I was nownsurrounded by nearly ten vampires/employees, including the cashier. nI held the chair leg, ready to use it. The vampires all stood there,nnot moving, watching me, waiting for the perfect moment to strike. nThe cashier jumped at me. I instantly jammed the chair leg into hisnheart, then pulled it back out. Green slime sprayed out of his opennchest wound like water sprays out of a sprinkler. Henstumbled around until the slime stopped spraying, and then hendropped. The rest of the vampires ran at me. I staked one, andnanother one, and another one, until I was surrounded by vampirenbodies and covered in green slime. No vamp was left standing. \"Andnthat's the end of that.\" I said proudly to myself. I droppednthe chair leg and began walking towards my ice cream, which had begunnto melt. I picked it up and walked out the front door into the darknparking lot. It was still night. The doors closed behind me. As Inlooked around the parking lot, I froze. There in the parking lot,nwere what appeared to be hundreds of vampires, even uglier than thenones I had fought in the store. I had no stakes, no chair legs, nonweapons of any kind. Right then, at that moment, in that parkingnlot, it was just me, the vampires, and my butterscotch ice cream. Inclosed my eyes and waited for the end, but the end didn't come. Inopened my eyes. The vampires were running around in a frenziednpanic. Some were on fire. At first I didn't understand, but thennI saw it out on the horizon, the sunrise. The parking lot wasnbecoming brighter and brighter as more and more sun was hitting it. nThe sunlight was causing the vampires to burst into flame and dropndead. I watched as the number of vampires shrunk and shrunk untilnnone remained. I looked at the butterscotch ice cream in my hands. nIt was completely melted. I dropped it and walked across the parkingnlot. It was a LONG way to the next grocery store, but fornbutterscotch ice cream, it was worth it. ","Summary":" PatricknJones Presents: LongnNight Itn started out just like any other day, as most days do. Inwoke"},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"Aamunkoiton Lapset:","Author":"Your-Morfina-Strange","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3277519","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kolmetoistarnluotia sydämeen, yksirnpäähän. Tuhkaksirnaamunkoittoon. ¤¤¤ En olisirnkoskaan uskonut jääväni muistelemaan menneitä. Ajaessanirnpois Titty Twisterin tuhoutuneiden raunioiden luota en katsonutrnkertaakaan sivupeilin kautta taakseni, koska tiesin, että josrnerehtyisin katsomaan ja näkisin Katen seisovan avuttomanrnnäköisenä strippiklubin raunioilla, muuttaisin mielenirnja kääntyisin takaisin hakemaan hänet mukaani. \"Saatanrnolla kusipää, mutta en ole mikään saatananrnkusipää.\" Nuo olivatrnviimeiset sanani hänelle ennen kuin käynnistin autoni jarnajoin pois. Koska olinrnaina ollut sanojeni mittainen mies, minulla ei ollut pienintäkäänrnaikomusta katsoa taakseni ja ottaa sanojani takaisin. Tällärnhetkellä olen todella kiitollinen itselleni siitä, ettärnolen aina ollut suhteellisen hyvä hillitsemäänrnitseni.. no ainakin oli aina ollut parempi siinä, kuin mitärnveljeni oli. Vaikka senrntytön kasvot vainoavatkin minua edelleen unissani ja hereillärnollessani, niin pitemmän päälle minun seurastani olisirnkoitunut Katelle vain vielä enemmän tuskaa. Siinärntytössä oli aina ollut jotakin ja vaikka minä olinkinrntuhottomia kertoja yrittänyt kieltää sen itseltäni,rnniin minä tunsin äärimmäisen voimakastarnmielenkiintoa sitä tyttöä kohtaan ja siitä syystärnminä vihasin itseäni enemmän kuin koskaan ennen. Palkkatappajanarnviettämieni vuosien aikana en ole koskaan katunut mitäänrntoista asiaa yhtä paljon kuin sitä myöhäistärniltapäivää, jolloin tapasin hänet. Tapasin Katen. Siitärnon kulunut nyt kolme vuotta, kun me näimme viimeisen kerran jarnniin paljon asioita kuin noihin kolmeen vuoteen on sisältynytkin,rnen ole pystynyt unohtamaan hänen kasvoilleen jäänyttärntyhjää ilmettä. Sitärnilmettä, mikä nousi hänen kasvoilleen kun hänrntajusi, että myös minä tulisin jättämäänrnhänet. Pelastimmernyhdessä toisemme kuolemalta ja päästyämme ulosrnminä jätin Katen yksin Meksikon kuolleeseen autiomaahan. Ensimmäisetrnkuukaudet pystyin jatkamaan elämääni eteenpäinrnaivan kuin kaikki nuo strippiklubilla sattuneet tapahtumat olisivatrnolleet vain unta. En ollutrnajatellut Titty Twisterin tapahtumia, Fullereita enkä edes omaarnveljeäni moniin kuukausiin enkä onnistunut näkemäänrnainoatakaan unta tai painajaista, joissa mitkään näistärnolisivat esiintyneet ja olin siitä äärimmäisenrnkiitollinen. Pidin yhärnyhteyttä alamaailman piireihin, tosin paljon vähemmänrnnäkyvämmin kuin aikaisemmin, ja suoritin joitakin keikkoja,rnpääasiassa murtoja ja tappoja, yhdessä entistenrnMeksikossa asuvien partnereideni kanssa, mutta toisin kuin aiemmin,rnmitkään noista keikoista eivät tuoneet minulle enäärnsamanlaista tyydytystä. Ja juurirnsilloin kaikki palasi takaisin mieleeni. Siitärnhetkestä lähtien ei ole mennyt yhtään yötä,rnetten olisi tullut ajatelleeksi Kate Fulleria tai haaveillut hänestä. Typerätrnhuolet ja muut minulle omituiset tunteet, joita en ollut koskaanrnennen tuntenut ketään kohtaan, täyttivät mieleni.Alussa nerntulivat ajatuksiini vain öisin, mutta mitä pidemmänrnaikaa minä matkustin ympäri Meksikoa, mitä kauemmasrnminä fyysisesti pääsin Titty Twisteristä ja senrnillan radikaaleista tapahtumista, sitä useammin ne alkoivatrnvaivata minun päätäni myös päivisin. Voitternvain kuvitella, kuinka turhauttavaa sellainen on minunkaltaisellenirnkaiken kokeneelle, kovaselkäiselle murhaajalle. Ajatusrnsiitä, että joku tyystin tuntematon pimatsu sai minun päänirnsekaisin aina, kuin ajattelin, että kuinka hän on mahtanutrnsaada uuden elämänsä alkuun, raivostutti minua sillärntodellisuudessa en ollut koskaan aiemmin välittänytrnkenestäkään samalla lailla. En edesrnentisestä, nyt jo poismenneestä vaimostani, huora kun oli. Rauharnhänen muistolleen. Päästessänirnkolme vuotta sitten ulos vankilasta veljeni Ritchien avustuksellarntiesin, että joutuisin tuskastuttavan ja pitkän pakomatkanirnaikana katsomaan vielä hänenkin peräänsä,rnettei hän tekisi tyhmyyksiä. Valitettavasti aliarvioinrnveljeni sairaat himot ja epäonnistuin siinä surkeasti. Ajomatkallammernetelävaltioiden halki keskityin lähinnä tekemäänrntarvittavat keikat ja pääsemään ulos valloistarnniin nopeasti, kuin vaan oli mahdollista. OlimmernRitchien kanssa sopineet tapaamisen välittäjämmernkanssa Titty Twister nimisen eräbaarin luona heti seuraavanarnaamuna, kuin olisimme sinne saapuneet. Valitettavastirnvain en ollut ottanut huomioon sitä, että Ritchien kanssarnmatkustaessa olisi pitänyt osata varautua matkaan tuleviin pikkurnmutkiin. Enrnkuitenkaan osannut varautua sellaiseen sotkuun, mihin sekopäinenrnveljeni meidän tällä kertaa järjestäisi enkärntodellakaan osannut ajatella, että se päättyisi sillärntavalla, kuin kaikki päättyi. Mitärnhankaluuksien hankkimiseen tuli, minun pikkuveljeni oli siinärnmestari mutta en ollut koskaan osannut huolehtia hänestärnkoska tiesin useista aikaisemmista kerroista, että hänenrnsairas mielensä pelastaisi hänet pinteestä samallarntavalla kuin niinä lukuisina muina kertoina, kun hänrnitsensä oli sellaiseen järjestänyt. Jälkikäteenrnolen joutunut uudelleenmiettimään monia asioita, joidenrnolin aiemmin uskonut olevan järki ja totuus. En aiemminrnuskonut vampyyreihin tai mihinkään muuhunkaanrnyliluonnolliseen. Minullernriitti tämä luonnollinen maailma ympärilläni,rnsillä siinäkin oli jo kylliksi sairaita paskiaisia jarnsontakasoja, joiden kanssa minun oli laitapuolen kulkijana elettävärnja tultava toimeen, mikäli mielin itse pysytellä hengissä. Haistatinrnpaskat Jumalalle ja muille korkeammille voimnille ja nauroin räkäisesti päälle. Minä itse olin vastuussa omasta elämästäni, eikärnJumalalla, kohtalolla, karmalla tai millään muullakaanrn\"ylemmällä voimalla\" ollut mitään tekemistärnminun elämäni kanssa. Minä itse tein päätöksen ja otin vastuun seuraamuksista. Noin puolirnvuotta sitten kyllästyin lopullisesti paikallisen alamaailmanrnyksipuoliseen toimintaan. Rupesinrnpitämään entistäkin matalampaa profiilia jarnsoluttautumaan hiljalleen ulos niistä rikollispiireistä,rnjoissa sinä aikana olin liikkunut. Olinrntiiviisti vältellyt Meksikoon palaamista ja vielä parirnkuukautta aikaisemmin olisin vannonut kivenkovaan, etten enäärnkoskaan tulisi palaamaan siihen kirottuun kaupunkiin, josta kolmernvuotta aikaisemmin lähdin. Kuitenkin,rnjostain tuntemattomasta syystä pakkasin eräänärniltana kaikki harvat, henkilökohtaiset kamppeeni ja suuntasinrnautoni kohti pohjoista. En tiedä,rnmikä minuun meni sinä iltana, jolloin päätinrnpalata takaisin. Ehkärnse uteliaisuus, joka oli piillyt ajatuksissani viimeiset kolmernvuotta, muuttuen viime aikoina entistä polttavammaksi tunteeksi,rnsai minusta vallan enkä pystynyt enää elämäänrnepätietoisuudessa. En tiedä,rnmihin tämä tie, mihin tämä valintani minut vielärnjohtaa, mutta minun on pakko saada vastaukset niihin kysymyksiin,rnjotka ovat piinanneet mieltäni aivan liian kauan. Aivan,rnKate Fuller, olen tulossa takaisin. Seth Gekkorntekee paluunsa Meksikoon vielä viimeisen kerran ja tekeernkaikkensa varmistaakseen, että tämä kerta on ikimuistoisinrnniistä kaikista. ","Summary":" Kolmetoistarnluotia sydämeen, yksirnpäähän. Tuhkaksirnaamunkoittoon. ¤¤¤ En olisirnkoskaan uskonut "},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"From Dusk Till Dawn: Old Haunts and Fresh Blood","Author":"faerie writer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3983280","Passage":"[Chapter 1] -1 (A/N: Female references not in bold refer to the human girl. Other female references in bold refer to Santanico Pandemonium) \"Life is hard for everyone. You could have an eight figure trust fund and still be fucking sad.\" she sighed and rolled over to the very edge of the bed. Small house but clean enough to eat off the floor. Gotta have something to do in El Ray. Can't look bored or unoccupied. That's when the bad shit happens even if you got an owner. The silence was uncomfortable so she threw back the thin blanket. \"Can't sleep.\" she said to him. \"Can't or won't?\" Seth asked. \"Won't. I've been having this weird dream. I wake up in this room; it's like a throne room. It's a temple to worship her and you can't help but to love her . She wants me for something. I don't know what for but I get the feeling that it'll kill me. What's really me in here,\" she touched her chest the place over her heart, \"there's this song. It sticks in your head because it's her song. I don't know maybe this fucking place is getting to me.\" Seth watched her walk away and the memories were firmer. He watched the way her hips swung and it's like she's dancing. Yeah she's dancing alright. But he doesn't want to believe it. The light turns on in the hall. She's singing as she walks to the kitchen and he follows her. \"Watching her Strolling in the night So white Wondering why It's only After Dark In her eyes A distant fire light burns bright Wondering why It's only After Dark I find myself in her room Feel the fever of my doom Falling, falling Through the floor I'm knocking on the Devil's door In the Dawn I wake up to find her gone And a note says Only After Dark Burning, burning in the flame Now I know her secret name You can tear her temple down But she'll be back and rule again In my heart A deep and dark and lonely part Wants her and waits for After Dark\" His blood is pumping hard and hot but the sweat down his back is ice cold. He watches her move and she's moving like her : like the fucking vampire bitch in that fucking bar. It's not fucking behind him, it's right fucking in front of him. (A/N: I'll update tomorrow. Hopefully it'll be in the same ballpark as the above style. If you've read my limited previous work - you know that my style has changed dramatically) ","Summary":" -1 (A/N: Female references not in bold refer to the human girl. Other female references in bold ref"},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"Evanescence","Author":"Damion Starr","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1873103","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Evanescence Author's Note: An angsty 'lil \"From Dusk Till Dawn\" story I came up withnafter watching the movie for the twentieth time. Starts just after thenmovie ends, with Seth driving toward El Rey. Disclaimer: I don't own \"Dusk Till Dawn\", but I would love to own QuentinnTarantino...He's mine, dammnit! Richie. It's funny. I just left behind a young woman who, not an hour ago,neither watched or helped kill what was left of her family, and all I cannthink about is my baby brother. He's dead, I know he is, I killed him forngod sakes, but that's not what's on my mind. This seems wrong. I'm sitting in a bright red convertable, speeding down what passes asna highway in Mexico, and Richie isn't in the passenger seat, where henshould be. No, he's two arms and a pile of guts on the floor of a shitty Mexicanndive. I slam on the brakes and my car squeals to a stop. I know what I have to do, and I know what will happen when I do it. I have to go back to Texas and take responsibility for what I tooknpart in... and I'm going to get the death penalty. Well, ya know what? I honestly don't give a fuck. He's dead. Richie'sndead. My family is dead. I have nothing else. I throw the car into geat and whip around in a u-turn. I'm goingnback. No more running. I have nothing to run to anymore. I stand respectfully as the judge reenters the courtroom. The jurynhad already filed in and juror number one is standing, waiting to delivernthe verdict. I already know what it is. \"Be seated,\" I sit, the chains connecting my wrists and ankles clanging loudly innthe silent courtroom. I can feel everyone's eyes on me. It doesn't helpnthat all of the spectators are family members and friend of the Rangers,npolice officers, and civilians my brothers and I killed. I suppose itnwouldn't help if they knew that I had lost a family member just like them.nI wonder what they would think if they knew that I came back because Inwanted to die. \"...guilty,\" I only hear that one word and murmurs of approval. Eh. No surprise. Inam guided to my feet by my lawyer. I force myself to focus on what thenjudge has to say. \"Seth Gecko, do have anything to say before you are sentenced?\" What the hell. \"Yes, I do, your honor,\" I pause, but no one objects,nso I continue. \"Am I going to get the death penalty? 'Cause I would like tonknow that I didn't come back here for nothing,\" The courtroom exploded. The judge pounded his gaval and shouted:n\"Order! Order!\" When the spectators finally quieted down, I continued. \"I could'veneasily hid in Mexico, and you never would've seen me again, but I camenback. I came back because I had nothing to run to. My little brother needednme, and that's why I ran...but he's dead. He's dead, he's not coming back,nand I have nothing to live for anymore...so I'd just like to know: are youngoing to kill me and give these people the satisfaction they want? Or arenyou going to make me work for my death?\" I lay impassively on the table as they strap me down. I havencompletely blocked out their voices and I am left with my thoughts, whichnare remarkably clear considering I had hundred proof liquor with my lastnmeal. Rice, beans, and hundred proof liquor, just for you, Richie. Thenguard taking my request had raised an eyebrow, but asked no questions,nthank God. I can't can't talk about you anymore, Richie, at least out loud,nbecause it hurts too much. It was like that when Mom died. Remember that?nOf course you do. Five years old, and you didn't stop crying for a month. Inhad to hide you from deadbeat Dad so he wouldn't hurt you. He hurt meninstead, but I gladly beared it, for you, baby brother...Oh God, I missnyou, Richie, I miss you so bad. Well, we'll be together again soon. ThenGecko Brothers reunited. We'll give 'em hell, right Rich? Of course. Wenalways do. Mayhem and madness follow us wherever we go. But we get throughnit, because we are together...well, except for that last time. I stillndon't know what happened there. I've gone over it a million fucking timesnin my head, and I just can't figure it out. I suppose I never will, unlessnI get one of those \"moments of clarity\" they always say you get at death.nLotta good it does you, though. Really, Richie, isn't that just thenstupidest time for everything to make sense? Well, life in general nevernmakes sense, now does it? For example, why, out of all the shitty dives innMexico, did Carlos have to pick that one? Or, why did I empty my entire gunninto that asshole? One bullet, he'd go down, and I could've saved you! Incould've done what a big brother is supposed to! I let you down, Richie!nI...I fucked up...bad...I'm sorry...God, I am so sorry...I...shit... The needle. Here comes the needle; my salvation. I watch as the metalnslides into my arm and the liquid is pushed into my bloodstream, then turnnmy attention back to the ceiling. Part of my brain is aware of the lethalninjection coarsing through my body, but I force myself to focus on anythingnelse. That \"anything else\" ends up being you, of course. Soon I'll be withnyou again, Richie, but this time things will be different. This time, Inwill take care of you. I'm not going to let anything happen to you evernagain. I'm going to protect you because that's what I'm supposed to do. Inknow I...messed up...but I refuse...to let that...happen...again...Inpromise...Richie...I promise... ...I love you, Richie... ","Summary":" Evanescence Author's Note: An angsty 'lil \"From Dusk Till Dawn\" story I came up withnafter watchi"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"Against All Odds","Author":"Outsiders Obsessor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12306420","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Against All Odds Disclaimer: I only own any OCs that may appear in this story. The others belong to Columbia Pictures. I do, however, own the plot, as it is a complete AU from the ending of the original movie. Prologue: I'll Swear I Lived \" I owned every second that this world could give. I saw so many places, the things that I did. And with every broken bone, I'll swear I lived.\" – One Republic's song \"I Lived\" Jack Horne did not die. He lived, and I'll tell you the story how. During the Battle of Rose Creek, he was shot in the back of his calf and fell to the ground. He had saved Teddy from getting killed when the younger man couldn't walk. I guess you could call his actions courageous. Me, well, I call 'em stupid. But, as Vasquez often points out, what do I know? See, Horne had left his gun with Teddy, leaving my friend with only a knife to help him in his fight. Again, I thought this path of action was stupid. Then again, my actions are often considered to be the stupidest and most selfish of all of them. Horne was soon struck by an arrow on both sides of his chest, one piercing near his lung and the other getting extremely close to his heart. From my vantage point, I saw him fall, but I could do nothing to help him unless I too wanted to face death. Unless I wanted to give up on the people of Rose Creek and let the rest of them perish, I had to stand my ground and help my new pack of friends fight against Bogue and his men. So that's what I did. I had a plan. It wasn't a very intelligent plan as I am told by my compadres, but it works none the less. No one in my newly found family- the Magnificent Seven as Goodnight and I call it- would die today. We all leave Rose Creek alive, rest assured. Goodnight Robicheaux and Billy Rocks didn't get shot in their hearts by the Gatling gun. Vasquez helps to make sure of this. After a few weeks of recovery, we all ride off into the sunset together to find new adventures. The adventures would take us far and wide, and we had fun on every one of 'em. However, if you're looking to read a completely normal and domestic tale… I assure you, this is not that kind of story. Put my account down now if you don't wish to continue. You have been warned. The story of the Magnificent Seven goes from rocky to stable and back again in the blink of an eye. I see I peaked your interest. You were right not to leave. Our story is filled with friendship, brotherhood, chases, escapes, love, war, gunfights, and what seem to be like miracles. I better shut myself up now before I ruin the whole tale for you. But, before I leave you here to read the rest of my tale with the Magnificent Seven, I will promise you one thing. We all live in some form or another after the Battle of Rose Creek. No tricks, not this time. I've learned by now not to trick those I am close to or care about. That means that Jack Horne, Goody Robicheaux, and Billy Rocks all make it out of Rose Creek alive. And one more thing. With every broken bone, I'll swear I lived, or my name isn't Joshua Faraday. So, now that you know that we all lived at least a day after the Battle of Rose Creek, dry those eyes and find out how. Find out how we became truly magnificent and practically cheated death. Author's Note: Hello, my dear readers! This is the first chapter of what will become a much longer story, so I hope you all enjoyed! If there are any ideas you have for any further chapters, let me know in either a review or a PM and I will try to work it in if I like the idea and can write it with the justice the Magnificent Seven deserve! Yes, the prologue is written in Faraday's point of view, but the rest of the story will be in third person where you guys and girls can get an idea of what each character is thinking. The rest of the chapters will be much longer, but this prologue was meant to be a tease from Joshua Faraday about what is to come in the story. I hope everyone enjoyed, and every review is much appreciated! I would like to thank DjDangerLove and Whitelion69 for reviewing my one-shot You Never Really Left; your reviews are amazing! DjDangerLove, I fixed Vasquez' name spelling on the one-shot and will not make that mistake again! :) Until the next update, my dear readers! Enjoy your day, afternoon, or night! P.S. The only reason this chapter is posted so early on a Tuesday night where I live is because today was the first day of the second semester at school. I am a junior in my school's IB program, a program which is harder than even AP, so my school schedule can be quite hectic. This being said, I will try to update as frequently as I can, but there are no promises on when that may be as I never know what my schoolwork may require of me. (My schoolwork comes before my writing!)[Chapter 2] Chapter One: Get Out Alive Disclaimer: I still only own any of the OCs that may appear in this story. All the others belong to Columbia Pictures and the other respective owners. Oh, and I know that many people consider Vasquez to be his last name, but I'm saying it is his first name because my Spanish teacher says it can be a first name. Plus, Sam refers to Powder Dan as just Dan, and I would think that Sam would use Vasquez as his first name. Oh, and the rest of the story will be told through third person P.O.V. because the prologue was just meant to be a teaser in Faraday's P.O.V. There will be no cursing in the story because I personally have never cursed and do not seem it fit to start now. (Words may be substituted or just simply left out.) Anyway, that's just a bit of rambling. All other notes will be at the end of the chapter. Enjoy! \" No time for goodbye he said as he faded away. Don't put your life in someone's hands; they're bound to steal it away. Don't hide your mistakes, 'cause they'll find you, burn you… Then he said: If you wanna get out alive, oh, run for your life. If you wanna get out alive, oh, run for your life.\" -Three Days Grace's song \"Get Out Alive\" Sam Chisholm watches as his best friend Goodnight Robicheaux rides away into the night only a few hours from the battle about to take place. And then there were six. Instead of blaming Goodnight for riding away, for calling him a coward, Sam does not blame the man. He would never blame the Confederate sharpshooter because Sam knows. He knows the PTSD that haunts Goodnight is not anything that should be taken lightly or brushed off for the want of others. He knew that Goodnight wanted to fight, but he couldn't bring himself to. He couldn't bring himself to kill more people. He couldn't bring himself to separate more families. He couldn't bring himself to watch his newfound family of the Magnificent Seven die like the men he had served with in the Civil War. And that is why Sam Chisholm would never blame Goodnight Robicheaux from riding off into the darkness of the night where he wouldn't have another traumatic flashback within his own head. Sam had known his friend had PTSD, but Billy had confided in Sam that it was much worse than the Cajun general had ever told Sam before. So, with a heavy heart, Sam had let him go because the warrant officer understood. He understood Goodnight's fears that they may all be dead by the time the battle was over tomorrow. But, Sam is guided by his moral compass- and slightly by his want of righteousness and revenge- and would do whatever it takes to get these farmers their lives back. He didn't want any of his newfound friends and recognized family to die, but he knew the chances of them all surviving tomorrow is slim. With a heavy heart, Sam approaches his \"merry band\" or \"Magnificent Seven\" as Goodnight calls them to tell them some news. Sam steps onto the porch of the saloon with echoing footsteps to see Vasquez, Faraday, Jack, and Red Harvest waiting for him. Jack and Faraday are sitting down while Vasquez is leaning against a post, trying to light a cigar. Red Harvest stands looking off into the distance beside Jack as Sam walks up, but he turns his head upon hearing the warrant officer's footsteps. \"Well…\" Sam starts off, only to realize that Billy is missing from the porch. Surely he hasn't left, too…. \"Where's Billy?\" Sam asks as softly as he can to not startle the others or betray any of the thoughts that are running rampant through his mind. \"It looks like he's started to drink,\" Jack admits, casting a look inside the saloon window for confirmation. Sam turns to follow the oldest man's gaze and finds Billy knocking back what is probably the knife-wielding specialist's fourth or fifth shot since Goodnight had approached him and told him he was leaving. Goodnight may be a lot of things, but he is not a bad best friend and would tell at least Billy and Sam that he was leaving before he ultimately did. Sam watches as Billy starts to fill up another glass before the warrant officer swallows and addresses the other four of his rag-tag team of \"strays\" as one of the deputies called them earlier in the week. \"All right,\" Sam starts off, at least knowing that Billy was there to help them fight and that he hasn't left, too. Fighting with five extremely well-trained men would not be as good as fighting with six now that Goodnight has left, so Sam appreciates Billy's sense of loyalty to them. Maybe the Korean assassin knows something more than Sam Chisholm himself. \"Well… Anybody else want to leave, now's the time,\" Sam softly tells them, making sure not to sound too loud or offended with the others in his presence because in no way did he want any of them to think he was angry with them or wanted them to leave. \"No one'll hold no ill will towards you,\" he assures, hoping he sounds more confident and re-assuring than he currently feels. \"What about you?\" Vasquez speaks up, lowering his head to look at the ground while dropping the cigar from his mouth in the process. The Mexican outlaw then turns to face Sam, and Sam can see the desire to know more about the others' plans sketched on Vasquez' face. At that moment in time, Sam realizes just how much loyalty and true friends mean to Vasquez de la Vega. \"I… I believe I'm gonna see this through,\" Sam tells him honestly, and he sees Vasquez' face switch to relief for a brief second before turning back to his usual expressionless state as he just watches the scene in front of him. \"These people deserve their lives back,\" he continues, leaving out what he noticed on Vasquez' face. And you deserve some friends who won't run out on you when the going gets rough…. Sam wants to add to his conversation, but decides to keep this in his own mind. Vasquez shifts on his feet, leaning more against the post as he looks around at his newfound friends. Faraday raises his eyes to look up at Vasquez, the gambler's attention being drawn at the sudden movement of the vaquero's feet. Jack keeps his eyes locked in the general direction of Sam and Vasquez, nodding slightly to Sam's statement about the people needing their lives back. \"I have nowhere else to go, so I'm in,\" Vasquez admits, and that statement both makes Sam's heart feel a bit lighter and plummet further into his chest at hearing how Vasquez admits he has nowhere else to go, meaning he has no one else in his life. \"You know, I knew that tomorrow was gonna be a dark day,\" Jack speaks up, and Faraday and Red Harvest both turn the attention to the mountain man. \"And now that there's one less of us, gonna be darker,\" he continues, a slight tremor in his voice that causes Faraday's light blue eyes to widen as if he hadn't considered that as being a possibility. Vasquez curls his lips and Sam can't help but look down at the wood beneath his feet, knowing that is why Goodnight left. \"But to be in the service of others with men that I respect,\" Jack keeps talking, turning to look at each of them in turn to show that he appreciates and respects them. \"Like you all… Well, I shouldn't have to ask for more than that,\" Horne finishes his reasons for staying, and it is one of the most influential and rousing speeches Sam has ever heard, and it seems to raise the morale in his band of fighters even if spirits had been low before the talk. Red Harvest nods behind Jack and fixes Sam with a determined glaze, silently telling the bounty hunter that he would be there tomorrow to help fight against Bogue and the other mercenaries. Sam nods his head gently, acknowledging the meaning behind the Comanche's silent offer and re-assurance. Faraday simply looks up at Sam, absent-mindedly shuffling his famous deck of cards and pulling out one before slipping it back in the deck. Sam nods at all of them, knowing that their words or silent gestures serve as their assurance that they would be at the fight in the morning before he starts to head down from the porch where he can go to the church. \"All right,\" Sam barely says in an audible tone before retreating the rest of the way down the stairs and heading towards the burnt church in order to go pray for strength tomorrow in the battle against the two-hundred or so men that Red Harvest had counted on his scouting mission earlier in the day. His footsteps echo as he finally reaches the gravel ground, and Faraday stands up as if he wants to go after him, but something stops the younger man in his tracks. Faraday's light blue eyes track Sam as he walks towards the church, and Joshua can't help but feel his heart constrict at the thoughts that Jack Horne's words were absolutely true. Tomorrow would be darker now that they don't have Goodnight, but that is not the only part of his speech that is true. Joshua Faraday realizes in his heart that he had never worked with men as good and pure-hearted as those he was working with now, and it made him feel better about tomorrow. He actually had people who cared enough to help him and have his back, unlike all the years before when he's nearly gotten shot in the back more times than he can count by people like Earl and the stable owner who was trying to keep Jack the man-killing stallion in that corral before Sam bought him back. Red Harvest clears his throat, catching the others' attention instantly as he has been silent most of the time they've known him. \"I'm hungry,\" Red Harvest states simply in perfect English, and Vasquez drops his cigar in surprise. \"Wait,\" Jack suddenly says, whirling around to face the youngest member of their group with a surprised look on his face. \"You speak English?\" the famous trackers asks as if it is the most amazing and impossible fact in the world. \"So?\" Red Harvest shrugs and a smile creeps onto his lips as he starts to walk back into the saloon to find himself something decent to eat. He didn't want them knowing he could understand everything they were saying, and Sam had done well keeping his secret during their travels together. \"You little sneak. We got a lot to talk about,\" Jack calls after the young warrior, using the same tone of voice he had used with his two boys when they were still alive all those years ago. Red Harvest simply smiles and continues to walk inside, knowing he is being followed by Jack and Vasquez as two sets of boots can be heard on the floorboards behind him. Faraday remains staring off into the distance, watching anything and everything while wondering what exactly was going through Sam's mind at a time like this. \"Don't walk away from me!\" Horne shouts at Red Harvest, wanting to interrogate the Comanche further on how much English he actually knows. With that, Faraday turns around on his heel and walks back inside with them, knowing that continuing to try and figure out Sam's mind was pointless. Sam wrings his black Stetson in his hands as he goes to sit down at the first bench in the church. He sighs, running one hand across his head, holding his hat tightly with the other hand as he thinks about the impending doom on Rose Creek tomorrow. He hopes they stand a chance with all the traps they laid and how many innocent people could die if not everything went well or as planned. Sam brings a hand up to his neck, thinking back to when he had been selected by Bogue to be hung alongside his two sisters that fateful day in October several years ago. Just thinking about the damage to his family and the screams his sisters had yelled until the ropes were dropped made Sam stiffen up, and tears started collecting in his dark eyes. He runs a hand over his face, stopping around his eyes to wipe the tears off before going and holding his jaw, not sure of what else to do at a time like this. \"I'll take his place,\" a voice calls out, and Sam snaps his head up just in time to see Emma with her face illuminated by a candle. He turns to face her in the doorway and decides to play clueless in hopes that if he does someone will tell him a version of the truth and reality that differs from his own. \"Who?\" \"Goodnight,\" Emma responds, not falling for Sam's feign of not knowing before she continues on. \"Just saw him ride out,\" she remarks with a slight roll of her eyes and a shake of her head, both of which tell Sam Chisholm that she is disappointed in the Confederate sharpshooter for riding away without so much as a public goodbye. Because she didn't know why. She couldn't know why. She would never know why. Sam just turns back around to be with his thoughts, and he hears Emma depart not long afterwards, hearing her footsteps echoing away. He doesn't know how long he's been in the church before Jack Horne comes and finds him. \"You all right?\" Jack asks, sitting down on the bench right beside Sam, looking over at the well-known warrant officer as he does so. \"I believe so,\" Sam admits, his voice lower than usual, and he's secretly glad it's not Faraday who sought him out since no doubt the Irishman would make some sarcastic and unintentionally harsh comment about Sam being as scared as Goodnight. \"Just tryin' to think, I guess,\" he continues, turning to face Jack when the mountain man places a hand softly on Sam's knee. \"The Lord's house is a good place for thinkin', yes, sir. You chose well, Sam,\" Jack praises, patting Sam's knee gently as a sign of encouragement before he looks at the younger man in the eyes. \"Do you want to join me in a little prayer for our boys and the town tomorrow?\" he inquires in a hopeful manner, and Sam's lips quirk in a smile as he processes the words. \"I'd be honored to, Mr. Horne. What better way to end the evening?\" Sam honestly replies with a small grin before bowing his head and grabbing one of Jack Horne's larger hands in his own. \"Our Father who art in Heaven,\" Jack begins the prayer once both of their eyes are closed and he can think of the first few sentences he wishes to say. \"Hallowed be thy name. We ask that you please put a protective hedge around us tomorrow as we fight the wicked men who go against your desires and prey upon the poor, defenseless people of Rose Creek. Please watch over us, dear Lord, and let your light envelope us and help us make the right decisions. Amen,\" Jack finishes his part of the prayer with a smile and a few tears collecting in his eyes. \"Dear Lord, we ask that you please watch over all of us while we sleep and also during the fight tomorrow to protect us and prevent any unnecessary bloodshed. Please watch over Jack Horne, Billy Rocks, Vasquez de la Vega, Joshua Faraday, Red Harvest, and myself tomorrow by uplifting us and giving us the strength we will need to help the good people of Rose Creek. And, dear Lord, wherever Goodnight Robicheaux is, please watch over him and let his past not trouble him as much tonight as it has for years because none of us will be there to help him. Please take care of Mrs. Emma Cullen, as she now must be in the direct line of danger and we cannot help her like we had hoped. We ask all this in your name, dear Lord. Amen,\" Sam conducts his half of the prayer, both his and Jack's eyes tearing up as they say Amen together. \"Well, I feel a lot better now that we've asked Him for protection and strength,\" Jack grins, looking up at the sky before taking out a small cross necklace and kissing it. \"This belonged to my oldest son, Matthew, bless his soul. He gave it to me before I went on one of my last expeditions I did before he died,\" the famous tracker sniffs, handing the necklace over to Sam where the bounty hunter can see it. \"That's real good, Mr. Horne. I'm glad you still have a piece of your boy to take around with you every day. May it bring you strength and luck tomorrow,\" Sam smiles, handing back the delicate necklace before patting Jack on the back. \"Now we should probably get some rest.\" \"You're right, Sam. Now, in case I don't see you in the morning, may your faith keep you strong and well tomorrow in the battle.\" \"You as well, my friend.\" With that, they head off their separate ways with Sam going back towards the Elyisum Hotel where he and the other boys are staying as free board and food- compliments of the town- while Jack heads towards the fields on the outskirts of Rose Creek where he has set up a tent to spend the night in. They were in for it tomorrow, that much Sam Chisholm, duly sworn warrant officer in Wichita, Kansas and seven other states knows for a fact. Dawn breaks and with it comes the signal of the bell that Vasquez had worked so hard to repair especially for today. DONG! Emma sits near Matthew's grave, allowing a few tears to slip from her eyes as she thinks of how much she wishes her husband could be here with her in this moment. She thinks of the future they could have had together if he hadn't died that fateful day. How they would have had around three red-haired, blue-eyed children that she and Matthew would raise to be good, respectable people that had manners and respect for all types of people. DONG! Billy rides his dark brown stallion Hyun-Ki, a name meaning wise in Korean, as he heads out for the fields where he would wait in the trenches with some of the farmers of Rose Creek waiting to set off some dynamite when the time comes. Red Harvest sits in the fields near the corn, carefully threading his arrows to prepare them for battle. While Sam had found him a gun and showed him how to use it, the Comanche felt safer and more experienced with his arrows. This being said, Red Harvest prepared as many as he could, knowing that each arrow he got off was one bullet that could be saved and given to one of the other men in his team. DONG! Faraday stands near the cover of a barn near the windmill, biting his lip and offering up a bit of a silent prayer that they would all survive this, his blue eyes closing shut as he tries to focus on the battle that would soon be at their door instead of all the death that could be caused as a result of it. DONG! \"Thank you for the strength that you have given me,\" Jack speaks softly, throwing a few twigs over his small fire he had cooked his breakfast on as he looks skyward towards Heaven in gratitude. DONG! Vasquez waits inside the church, taking his cigar out of his mouth a blowing a thin wisp of smoke from his mouth as he prepares his nerves for the upcoming battle, praying softly under his breath and inside his own head. Today would be a bloody day, of that the Mexican outlaw is certain of. The bell rings more furiously now in the pattern that Vasquez had set with the schoolteacher who is currently on top of the steeple hitting the side of the bell with what looks like a hammer. \"It's time,\" Vasquez calls out to the men in the church with them, wanting them to become ready for the battle and not think this was just a drill. \"Come on, children!\" the shopkeeper calls out, opening the door to his shop and then unlocking the trap door where they and the women would be hiding during the course of the battle. \"Now get on down in there,\" he instructs, ushering the children in one by one and helping some of the smaller ones down the stairs. \"Come on. Watch your step.\" The bell tolls a total of twelve times, and the people of Rose Creek prepare themselves for the worst as the signal ends. From their various positions, the Magnificent Seven can see the army Bogue has collected on the hillside with the horses rearing up and looking like they may run through the fields at any given second. Those horses would bolt as soon as they hit the dynamite fields…. Sam rides his horse through the main part of Rose Creek, hoping the visual of him will coax Bogue to begin the attack and lead the other men into the trap he and the other six of the Magnificent Seven had laid in the week prior. They notice his presence soon enough, of that Sam is sure. Out of the corner of his eye, Sam notices Red Harvest take his position atop one of the rooves, bow ready in his hand and arrows slung faithfully over his back. The Comanche's red, black, and white face paint stands out against the brown of the roof and highlights parts of his face where Sam can tell the Comanche is ready for the battle to begin where he can do his part to help out. The battle paint was meant to give him more strength and power, and Sam fully believes that Red Harvest knows what he's doing and will fight like the equivalent of ten men or more. Sam pulls his faithful horse Tornado to a stop right in the middle of Rose Creek, using himself as a target to lure some of Bogue's most fearsome men. Meanwhile, Billy hides in the covered trench with some of the men of Rose Creek when he hears the sound of a harmonica. \"SHH!\" Billy hisses through his teeth at the man, holding up a finger over his lips as he knows they would be dead in seconds if Bogue's men found them now. The other men put the harmonica out of sight and reach from the nervous farmer before they watch and wait for Billy's signal to them. As soon as Bogue gives Denali the opportunity to yell the starting command, all two-hundred or so hired guns come racing towards Rose Creek with Sam watching them with a steely gaze he only reserves for low-down, terrible people. Vasquez hears them coming even from the church- they aren't exactly quiet- so he cocks his rifle and raises it while holding his cigar on one side of his mouth. He would discard of it later when his bout of fighting began, but for now, he keeps it as a way from having to talk to the men. He's not so advanced at giving pep talks to worried farmers… The steady stream of assassins continues, and Billy dares to poke his head out of the trench to see where their attackers are. \"Masks up,\" he commands gently before pulling his own bandana over his nose to keep from breathing in the fumes of the dynamite. \"Bring 'em up!\" Jack shouts from his trench, noticing a large cluster of hired guns heading his way too, and he prepares to light up the explosives just like Billy once everyone has their bandanas on and Bogue's men pass the pinwheels that the schoolchildren helpfully painted red to stand out from the grass. The men in Billy's trench shift the way they've rehearsed and he tells them using his hand signals he and Goodnight have perfected over the years. Faraday hides more behind the door of the barn, one hand bringing his cigarette up to his mouth and the other hand resting on Ethel's handle, ready to shoot his favorite gun first to get the desired results fast. \"I'm countin',\" Jack announces to the men in his trench through his bandana, so he doesn't know how much they can hear him exactly. \"Five. Four,\" he continues, hearing the pounding of horse hooves and hearts alike as the men on horseback continue charging towards the trenches he and Billy are manning. \"Three,\" Jack nearly shouts as the hired guns ride past the miners' tents while Vasquez watches from the church and Red Harvest surveys the area from his vantage point of being on the roof. \"Two. ONE!\" Jack shouts as soon as he hears the horses in the corral next to them whinny like a pack of wolves is after them. Or maybe those are Bogue's men's horses…. The explosion is nearly instantaneous, blowing about fifty men off their horses and into the air. Many die on impact, but some further in the back are lucky enough to get back to their feet and continue running towards Rose Creek. One of the horses in the corral gets caught in the explosion, and Jack Horne seriously hopes that it is not Joshua Faraday's prized horse Jack the stallion. He would never hear the end of it if it was…. \"ONE!\" Billy shouts out after hearing Jack's explosion goes off, and the dynamite closest to Faraday goes off, causing the blue-eyed Irishman to tuck himself closer to the shelter of his hiding place, throwing his cigarette on the ground where he can put his other hand on Maria's handle to shoot both guns at once. More horses and men go down, and Jack laughs as Billy shoots him a small thumbs up from the passage between their trenches. \"Hold! Hold!\" Billy shouts at the men in his trench, knowing they needed to wait until the aftershocks from the explosion have died down before they make their manual attack on Bogue's men. The miners begin their onslaught on Bogue's men, tripping the horses enough to where they either kill or injure the riders, setting a few men on fire, and shooting a few of the men who had run by unaffected. \"Let's do it!\" Jack shouts out, throwing the covering off his trench and getting his men in position to fire with their guns. The mountain man begins shooting as soon as he is kneeling upright in the trench, ready to get even with the men under Bogue's control. \"Now!\" Billy commands his group as he sees Jack and the other men pop up from the ground like daises would be in bloom during the spring. \"Dig in! Keep shooting!\" the Korean assassin shouts out to his men as they stop shooting momentarily when Bogue's men get closer. Jack remains in his position, looking through the scope on his gun with one eye closed, focusing on his target before firing and killing the man with a shot in the chest. \"Here they come! Stand your ground!\" he yells to the men around him, not noticing that one man has sat down and is covering his ears with his hands instead of holding his rifle. So far, Billy and Jack were holding their own well in the field surrounded by Bogue's men. Sam spurs Tornado backwards into Rose Creek's center when about ten of Bogue's men try to cut him off or shoot him. Red Harvest moves on the roof, putting an arrow inside his bow before pulling it taut where it would be ready to shoot when needed. Sam runs Tornado at full speed, turning around in the saddle to shoot the men who pursue him every now and then as they race past the buildings in Rose Creek. Red Harvest lets loose his arrow and it impacts directly with one of Sam's pursuer's lungs, killing the man instantly and toppling him from the horse. Within seconds, Red Harvest has another arrow in place of the arrow he just shot and is lining it up with the other man, but Emma beats him to the kill as she shoots the man from her position on a different roof. Billy pulls up from his part of the trench, using his guns to shoot a few men before letting his knife skills take over. Faraday sees his chance as more of Bogue's men come pouring towards him, so he steps out from behind the shelter of his hiding place and holds Ethel up in the sunlight before shooting her and killing a man before repeating the same action with Maria and killing another man just like that. He runs a little ways away, looking for more cover and wanting to go to where he and Vasquez stashed the third set of dynamite for just this moment. With more pursuers on his tail, Sam goes behind the cover of a few buildings with Tornado still running at full speed through the small town. The warrant officer swings down to where he is hanging off of Tornado's saddle, one foot in the stirrup as he shoots at the men trying to box him in whenever there is a bit of space between the buildings. He shoots one or two men- Sam is not sure exactly how many as his blood pumps loudly in his ears- before he swings himself back upright on the saddle, putting both his feet in the stirrups as they should be. \"There's another one up top!\" someone yells about Red Harvest, and the Comanche dodges out of the way of a bullet as he readies yet another arrow to take down the man who had just called him out. Through his point of view, Red Harvest laughs to himself as he sees Billy slash, stab, and kill four men with his knife work before taking the gun strapped on his hip and shoots two men dead. \"Although I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil,\" Jack Horne starts to recite as he walks through the warzone, not a single bullet even coming close to even grazing him. He slashes one man with his axe, bringing the other man down to the ground as he continues walking in his current path. \"For Thou art with me,\" he keeps going, slashing one man down to the ground before finishing him off and then killing one more man and wounding another one before taking the now wounded man's pistol and shooting him dead with it. Faraday, meanwhile, runs as fast as his legs can carry him and fires at a man on a horse, killing Bogue's man without even a moment of thinking or breathing. Vasquez watches his new best friend from the shelter of the church before he shoots down three more men who ride behind Faraday and are shouting \"Unload on him!\" Faraday hides below a stack of lumber as he prepares to set off the third round of explosions, just as one man calls out to his comrades. \"I got him!\" one of Bogue's men calls out, feeling he is closing in on Faraday. Oh, how wrong you are, muchacho. Faraday smirks slightly at his own thoughts as he hides behind the lumber waiting for the right moment to light them up. Come on. Just get a bit closer, you stupid cowards. Red Harvest gets a flaming arrow in his bow before shooting it at two wagons filled with extremely dry hay, protecting Sam with a wall of fire, even though Tornado whinnies a bit a being scared of the sudden explosion. Red Harvest shoots the man closest to him with an arrow, sending the man toppling to the ground as the Comanche shot him directly in the heart. Sam quickly shot off two successive rounds of bullets, killing two men as they tried to decide if they could jump over the ring of fire. Sam shoots Red Harvest a grateful look before riding off to another section of the town, just wanting the young warrior to know he appreciated him. Red Harvest gently nods back before noticing a man trying to come up one of the alleys of town, so the red-faced warrior turns his attention towards said man, an arrow already drawn and ready to shoot. A gunshot would have splattered into Red Harvest's head if he hadn't ducked, but thankfully his high-tuned and animal-like reflexes got him safe and out of harm's way while some of the townspeople boxed Bogue's man into the alley. Red Harvest lets the arrow loose, shooting the man in the back with the tip of the arrow before he turns around and looks all over the town to see where he is needed now. Eight of Bogue's men get closer to Faraday as they ride for the church, and Faraday can't help but smirk as he pushes down on the dynamite's trigger. An explosion goes off instantly, and Joshua Faraday laughs in the middle of battle, because they really should have seen that coming if he was being honest with himself. That same goofy smile on his face that Vasquez knows means trouble on the gambler is still on Joshua's face as he jumps up and prepares to go and help the others near the church. Red Harvest looks over at Emma and Teddy as they shoot their rifles along the roof, and he sees one of Bogue's hired guns aiming his weapon right at Emma. Red Harvest could not allow any woman or child to be killed under his watch, so he shoots the man in the butt, toppling the other man from the horse. Emma wouldn't know the man had been aiming for her, but Red Harvest himself would know, so he would not have a woman's death on his conscience. Red Harvest shoots another man in the heart just as Sam and Tornado burst out of the restaurant and trample a man underfoot thanks to Tornado's quick hooves. Red Harvest sticks an arrow in a man that's already on the ground before Sam shoots the man with a bullet to finish him off as Tornado whinnies and rears up onto his back legs. Sam grabs a rifle out of Tornado's saddle and cocks it before riding down the street with the longer weapon in his hand. Jack Horne and his men are running for the livery stable, and Jack sees several of them drop like flies all around him. He picks up a rifle as he yells for them to get back to the livery and then shoots a few of the men that are pursuing him and the people of Rose Creek. A stallion left in the corral hits his chest against the fence as Horne sees Faraday running by out of the corner of his eye, and the famous tracker knows it must be Jack the stallion trying to get Faraday to ride him into battle. Jack Horne sighs, knowing now that he didn't kill Faraday's- or is it still Sam's?- horse. Sam creeps along the porch hiding behind Tornado to creep into the hotel and help those men shoot while Red Harvest and Emma continue shooting at, and, in Red Harvest's case, killing some of the hired guns that keep filing into town. Faraday shoots the whiskey bottle he and Vasquez hung near the dynamite detonation spot and it blows up quickly and efficiently. The blue-eyed gambler smirks once more, holding on tightly to both Ethel and Maria as he prepares to run back and assist someone else now that all of his traps have been utilized. \"Light up that wagon!\" Jack yells as he enters the livery stable with no fewer than fifteen of Bogue's men hot on his heels. Billy runs into town with the men from his trench hot on his heels before the Korean assassin does something only Goodnight has ever seen him do. Billy backflips off the small porch and turns midair and shoots the people running after him off their horses, falling to the hard, gravel ground just as Horne opens the livery stable doors to shoot off their cannon of sorts. Billy just narrowly misses getting shot by a bullet or shrapnel as he hits the dirt to try and cover himself from open fire. \"Head to the church!\" Billy yells as he sees Faraday running as fast as his legs can carry him through the long grass that separates the field from the church. Vasquez shoots a few more evil men as Faraday and Billy continue running towards the church because he knows, however great they are, they cannot run backwards where they could shoot as well. Faraday turns around when he is within sight of the church and shoots down two men, one with Maria and one with Ethel. \"Wagons! WAGONS!\" Billy yells to the men inside the church as he slides into the doors of the church. \"Hurry, güero!\" Vasquez yells at Faraday as the lighter-haired man tries to outrun the men coming up behind him on horseback. \"Andalé!\" the outlaw yells louder as he sees the deputy who challenged Sam earlier in the week level up his pistol with Faraday's body. Joshua Faraday feels the bullet enter his side and he collapses to his knees, sinking his teeth into his own lips to try and block the pain he feels. \"Güero, man!\" Vasquez yells out him in an angered tone, because he told him to hurry into the church and he didn't listen! Faraday struggles to get up, only to see one of the scariest sights he believes he has ever seen in his entire life: a vengeance-filled Vasquez running towards the stupid deputy named McCann or some stupid name like that. Joshua manages to right himself before he runs to the safety of the church, nearly flattened by Vasquez as the Mexican outlaw rushes out of the church, firing a shot from his pistol who is also named Maria. The shot topples McCann from his horse as it enters the slimy deputy's back, and Vasquez smiles so hard he feels his cheeks going numb from how wide his mouth is being spread apart. Vasquez de la Vega starts going into full-blown attack mode, because nobody, NOBODY, messes with his new-found family, particularly his newfound best friend and other brothers in arms. Vasquez can't control his thoughts and goes back into Spanish, spitting out a string of Spanish curses that would have made his Mamá make him wash his mouth out with soap. The first bullet he fires hits the man in the shoulder, making him drop the gun in pain. The second, he aims at the opposite wrist, and McCann is obviously annoyed and writhing in pain. But, Vasquez does not stop there, because that would be letting the man down easy. Vasquez shoots him directly in his heart, depositing him into an open pine coffin with a celebratory smile making its way to his lips as he whoops in success. Joshua Faraday decides right then and there that he would never want to be on the receiving end of Vasquez' anger and would never want to cross the Mexican outlaw even if his life depended on it. Faraday pulls his left hand away from his bleeding torso, finding his whole hand stained with crimson-red blood and his whole side tingles and aches with pain. \"Are you okay, güero?!\" Vasquez shouts over the raging battle, just wanting to know how the younger, impulsive man is doing. \"So far, so good,\" Joshua calls out more weakly than he intended as he fishes around in his vest pocket for more bullets in order to reload Ethel. Now his right wrist was being covered in blood by the steady stream that seemed to pour out of the side where the bullet entered less than a minute ago before Vasquez went full homicidal on the attacker responsible. No one would hurt his güero, his hermano, if Vasquez Alejandro de la Vega has anything to say about it. \"I'm going!\" Joshua shouts over the battle, even though his bleeding right side heavily protests against such a sudden movement, and Vasquez almost wants to punch the stubborn younger man in the face for not staying in the church and not letting Billy or someone go out and get the others. \"KEEP SHOOTING!\" Billy yells as he barrels out of the church right behind Faraday, much to Vasquez' relief. \"They're trapped!\" he continues, firing off a few shots himself. Faraday, Billy, and Vasquez all work together as a team, firing off hip shots and all other unique and talented shots to take out several more men, all of them grinning like idiots at their skills taking all of Bogue's men by surprise. Red Harvest finds himself without any more arrows and knows he cannot risk jumping down from the roof just to reclaim his arrows. Regretfully, he pulls out the pistol Sam loaned him with a fierce battle cry, preparing to use a white man's weapon for only the second day in his life. \"Keep shooting, güerito!\" Vasquez yells as Faraday drops down to pick up another pistol off of a dead man where he can conserve bullets in both his Maria and Ethel. Together, the two of them and Billy turn the main square of the town into a graveyard just as Horne had suggested when they were planning, and they have to admit, it feels pretty good to be shooting side by side and taking out evil men that would kill them or the good people of Rose Creek if they had the chance. Sam brings himself out of the hotel, shooting a few men with his long rifle before pulling his trusty pistol out and sending bullets into two more men. Red Harvest, using Sam as an example, pulls the trigger on his own pistol and actually kills two men with it. The Comanche smiles briefly, acknowledging that the weapon did kill like a bow and arrow would, but he does prefer a bow. It's quieter and much cleaner in its kills. Not that Red Harvest is grossed out by the blood, because he's not, but still… A yelling voice soon breaks out and catches everyone's attention. And there he is! Goodnight Robicheaux comes riding into Rose Creek, rifle blazing as he yells out like a man who broke every bone in his body at once as his war cry almost sounds unearthly. Goodnight aims and shoots a few men as he rides into town on top of Twilight, his loyal and steadfast steed that has served him well for years. \"NOW!\" Goodnight yells at Billy, knowing that his best friend and confidant would know what he meant by that command. \"THEY GOT A GATLING GUN!\" Goodnight shouts at Sam as he pulls up next to the warrant officer as Sam crouches behind a barrel near the hotel. Within seconds, the first rounds begin firing, and Jack Horne tries his best to get Teddy towards any cover as the younger man struggles to try and get indoors. Red Harvest huffs through his nose, disgusted by the cowardice and lack of honor Bogue is showing by getting a gun to do his shooting from long range. If Red Harvest ever got his hands on that cowering, no good robber baron as Faraday called him, vengeance would be his to give if Sam didn't beat the Comanche to the punch. Jack drops down to the ground, doing his best to cover Teddy's body with his own as he instead pretends that Teddy is his own son Matthew who would have been just under Teddy's age if he hadn't died all those years ago in a massacre. \" THEY HAVE A GATLING GUN! A GATLING GUN!\" Goodnight yells at the top of his lungs as Faraday, Vasquez, and Billy continue taking out some of the hired guns. \" GET INSIDE! Inside, inside!\" he shouts the command like the general Billy and Sam knew him to be in all their years of knowing the Confederate sharpshooter. Vasquez doesn't have to be told twice, and he sprints into the church like a pack of wolves is hot on his heels. \"Billy!\" Goodnight shouts, tossing his best friend and business partner a rifle where he would have more ammo. \"Hey, Goody!\" Billy happily shouts out, though his voice is rough from all the yelling he has had to do to be heard over the noise. Generally, Billy is not much of a yeller, so it has taken a bit out of his usually quiet voice. \"Move, güero!\" Vasquez shouts out as Faraday runs into the church. Vasquez pushes Joshua out of the way, making the Irishman land heavily on his arm as Vasquez pushes him out of the way. The Mexican gunslinger grits his teeth and sinks his teeth into his lips as a bullet launches itself into his arm, embedding in the flesh and causing his left arm to bleed, though not as heavily as Faraday's side is still bleeding. At least it wasn't his dominant shooting arm and he had saved Joshua Faraday's impulsive, stupid self again. Vasquez starts to make a plan that he's going to have Sam pay him extra out of the gold for saving the gambler's life this many times over today alone. Sam sees the fire starting to overtake the store where the women and children are taking shelter, and the warrant officer runs across the town, regardless of the danger, because he needs to know he has to help them escape or they would be burned to a crisp within minutes. \"They're reloading! Stay down!\" Goodnight yells at the people in the church before noticing Faraday starting to get out to head back into the battle. \"STAY DOWN!\" he yells at the impulsive Irishman, wondering how anybody can be that stubborn or stupid, or both. \"Get down!\" Billy adds in the shouts, just wanting Joshua Faraday to stop trying to be a fool-hardy hero that may get himself killed trying to save others even if there was a plan involved. \"The children!\" Joshua shouts out as justification for why he is madly charging towards what may as well be certain death. Billy and Goodnight offer Faraday cover as he rushes towards the store to help Sam get the women and children out. Once he is within range, Billy begins to toss up a rifle to Goody who has somehow climbed up and gotten to one of the higher levels of the bell tower within the church. \"Here, Goody!\" \"Let's go, Billy!\" Goody shouts as he continues climbing up further to try and reach the steeple of the church. \"We gotta get these kids out of here!\" Faraday shouts to Sam as he tries to find an escape route for them that won't lead them directly towards the hill with the Gatling gun. And that starts a great scramble as Sam opens the door an starts to gently tug a few kids out of the cellar. Meanwhile, Jack tries to help Teddy get to shelter, but the younger man can barely stay upright. \"Can't walk,\" he explains to Jack as he leans heavily on the tracker. \"They got my leg, sir,\" Teddy groans in pain as he tries to drag the shot leg behind him. \"Wrap that leg, stop the bleeding!\" Jack instructs Teddy once he gets the younger, more innocent in the way of war of the two of them inside some sort of shelter. He tosses Jack a rifle and his pistol where at least the younger man would be armed. \"Find some ammo,\" he softly commands before trying to ease the man's mind. \"You did good…\" Jack Horne starts to say before a sharp, stinging sensation fills the back of his calf near his knee. \"YOW!\" Jack shouts as if a bear is ripping into the back of his leg, and he wheels around to find the Native American man named Denali standing behind him with his bow drawn. Jack goes out of the shelter he hid Teddy in, pretending for a moment that his leg is not on fire and that Teddy is secretly Matthew, the son he lost all those years ago. Another arrow hits Jack directly in the middle of the right side of his chest, barely missing his lung, so it brings Jack staggering backwards a few paces as he holds out the knife he usually uses to skin animals on hunts. \"We are giants put on this earth to rid it of evil and to keep all that is good!\" Jack shouts through the pain, not caring that Denali is loading another arrow into his bow. This next shot hits him on the left side of his chest, nearly piercing his heart, but missing it just barely, much to the astonishment of the giant of a man. This shot brings him to his knees, bringing the knife down with him as he waves it around in an attempt not to cut himself and to keep his attacker away. Jack Horne holds his hands out like he is attempting to strangle the Native American in from of him The fourth arrow splits directly through his hands, and Jack screams once again like something is tearing him apart. He pants as the air starts to leave his body, and Jack Horne tries to hold on to life as Denali loads his bow once more and shoots off one more arrow. The fifth arrow is intercepted as a figure leaps from the shadow of a building onto the ground near Denali. Said arrow lands in a door, sticking inside with the other arrow being imbedded into it. Turning to his left, Jack can see Red Harvest drawing his bow one more time, preparing to add another arrow into the bowstring. \" Come and get me, traitor,\" Red Harvest growls in Comanche, leaping onto the top of a building to give Denali incentive to chase him and come after him. The rogue Comanche starts to run after where he believes Red Harvest has disappeared to, only for Red Harvest to jump back down onto the ground near Jack when Denali is out of earshot. \"You're hurt,\" Red Harvest remarks, looking at Jack in concern as he tries to stop the bleeding on the older man. \"Ye—Yeah. I guess you could say that,\" Jack barely mutters out, the blood still leaving him as he lays in the dust. Red Harvest manages to half drag half carry Jack into the same cover where Teddy is hiding before he softly lies the hunter down on the ground to cushion the pain. \"Stay here. I come back when done,\" Red Harvest instructs, and just like that, he is gone again as he tries to find where the traitor Comanche has disappeared to. Jack can't even respond, but he continues to lie there, praying that he would survive at least long enough to thank Red Harvest for risking his neck and hide for him. Denali bursts into the saloon, having seen Emma go inside with one of the injured men. He knew if anything would draw out Red Harvest, it would be putting an innocent woman in danger where she would have to be saved or she would die as a sacrifice for Denali's war. He catches sight of her as she creeps along the top floor, trying to get the injured man to move. Denali begins to run up the stairs towards Emma, knowing it would be just a moment of time before he gets to kill Red Harvest. As Billy and Goodnight reload their guns atop the steeple, they have a conversation in order to keep Goody's mind off of the current battle and how it reminds him of his inner demons. \"Billy!\" \"I knew you'd come back,\" Billy smirks, sliding more bullets into the rifle. \"You did, did you?\" Goodnight asks in amusement, wondering how his best friend knew that. \"How'd you know that?\" he inquires, wanting to hear this for himself. \"You forgot this,\" Billy reveals, pulling out Goodnight's hip flask that the Confederate shooter carried on his person at all times, especially during a battle. \"Whoo!\" Goodnight breathes, not believing he could have forgotten his flask. However, even though he acts surprised, Goodnight had pretty much decided almost immediately after leaving that he needs to go back help the Magnificent Seven and the people of Rose Creek. \"All right, let's do it!\" Goodnight shouts out as he starts to rise to his feet. \"Yeah!\" Billy yells as the adrenaline hits his brain as he hops up to shoot from the steeple with Goodnight in order to protect the people on the ground underneath the church. They begin shooting down the farther away targets, leaving the closer ones to Vasquez who continues to shoot from inside the security of the church. Denali closes in on Emma, his face menacing as he climbs the final stair and reaches the hallway she is hiding on with the injured man. She gasps and tries to fire her gun, only to find that it clicks due to not having any rounds of bullets left inside. Denali continues to close the gap between them, his face looking quite ready to kill and Emma's breath starts to come out in ragged gasps as she sees her life start to flash before her eyes. Denali raises his knife and ax, prepared to stick one or both in Emma's skull. \" Turn around!\" shouted in Comanche makes Denali spin around to find Red Harvest standing behind him with a murderous look in his eyes and his tomahawk and a deadly sharp knife in his hands as he looks at Denali with pure hatred. Denali screams and flings himself at Red Harvest, earning him a thick, deep gash being carved into his right arm as Red Harvest digs the knife in before turning on his heel and standing in front of Emma and the wounded man. Denali yells louder this time and runs at Red Harvest once more, this time being flung against the wall and getting a deep gash in his other arm on the inside of his forearm. He swipes at Red Harvest's face with his knife, but Red Harvest avoids it expertly before flipping Denali onto the floor, wanting terribly badly to end the traitor and coward's life before his eyes. Red Harvest stabs Denali in the stomach, making sure to stab a few vital organs before he whispers in the older man's ear. \" You're a disgrace!\" he whisper-yells in Comanche, thinking of all the innocent women, children, and fellow Comanche Denali had killed before Red Harvest's father, the chief named Little Bear, had exiled Denali from their tribe. Red Harvest releases his knife from Denali's body before he kicks Denali backwards off the second story and it lands on the table before the whole table splinters off in pieces at the impact. He breathes heavily before checking on Emma to make sure she is okay. \"You okay, Miss Emma?\" Red Harvest inquires, knowing his English is a bit broken, but Faraday speaks broken English and he gets along just fine. \"Yes! Thank you, Red Harvest,\" Emma whispers, and just like that, Red Harvest is gone again, heading to help Jack Horne like he had promised. He disappears without a trace once more, knowing that the tracker would need immediately medical attention and that he could provide it. The elders in Red Harvest's tribe had taught him how to heal wounds, especially when they learned he would be setting out on his own. Shots from the Gatling gun shoot the church, and Vasquez ducks behind the safety of the wood surrounding the window while covering his head with his hat to provide extra cover. Fortunately, no more bullets hit him, and just the one in his arm remains bleeding, though the blood is starting to clot and the blood is starting to dry on the shirt. Goodnight and Billy each get a shot in one shoulder or the other; both wince slightly, but they are both hardened warriors and continue on in their fight from the steeple, trying to take out the remaining men on the ground. \"Ammo! Ammo!\" Vasquez shouts at the men in the church with him, holding his hand out, but not getting any more from them. \"Ándale!\" he yells in slight annoyance, wondering why they aren't handing him any. \"This is all we got,\" the man says, handing him two bullets. \"Ay, yi, yi,\" Vasquez mumbles under his breath so inaudibly that no one else can hear him. \"This reminds me of what my daddy used to say,\" Goodnight remarks from the roof as he lies on his back reloading his rifle. \"What's that, Goody?\" Billy rasps between the pain, feeling the blood beginning to sleep into his arm from the bullet. Goodnight just lies there, not answering and looking far into space. \"WHAT?!\" Billy demands, hoping that Goody has not slipped back into his PTSD episode that makes him stop shooting. \"Well, my daddy used to say a lot of things, you know,\" Goodnight quips, and both Billy and Goody crack up laughing, Billy's sounding a bit wheezy as he chokes back the pain. If they could stay smiling through this, then they could stay alive. They've done it before… As Sam and Faraday hide under a stack of coffins- oh, the poetic irony, Sam looks over to see Joshua is still bleeding heavily out of his side wound. \"You all right?\" Sam asks in concern, watching as Faraday holds up a bloodstained hand. \"Heck yeah,\" Faraday announces, sighing as blood continues to flow from his side. \"So far, so good,\" he quips like he did when he was talking to Vasquez in the church after the outlaw had shot that man enough times that he looked like a colander by the time Vasquez was done with him. \"I might need a new vest,\" Joshua says with a faint laugh as he feels the material get wetter underneath his shirt when he removes his hand. \" Probably a whole new pair of clothes,\" Sam thinks in his head, noticing how the blood is starting to seep onto Faraday's pants drip by drip. \"We gotta do somethin' about that gun,\" Faraday remarks, looking out to where it is still firing off round after round. \"Hey. You know what?\" Sam speaks up, catching Joshua's attention once more when the blue-eyed gambler's eyes start to close from his body trying to compensate for his blood loss. \"We're even. For the horse. You don't own me anything,\" Sam remarks, and he swears Faraday's eyes sparkle at that statement of knowing that Wild Jack is his once again and that Sam thinks he has pulled the proper weight required to make them even. \"Well, you owe me,\" Faraday brings up, which makes Sam blink his eyes in confusion. \"What's that?\" \"Cover.\" And it's then that Sam knows that Joshua Faraday is just plain loco and must have a death wish written in his head and heart. He and Sam run out shooting the other people of Bogue's army, catching the attention of Goodnight and Billy who offer them cover from above. Vasquez looks out the side of the church as he shoots the man next to Sam while the warrant officer isn't looking in that direction. \"Ándale, güero!\" Vasquez shouts as Faraday miraculously swings himself onto a random horse's saddle, not caring right now that the horse is not Wild Jack. Vasquez is focused helping shoot the men in Faraday's way, not noticing what exactly Joshua Faraday is planning. When he realizes the direction Faraday is riding, Vasquez barely keeps enough composure to not curse in Spanish at the top of his lungs. \"Ay mi Mamá!\" he shouts out as he looks into the sky, praying for help from his deceased mother. \"Please help me save this idiota of a man who will end up being the death of me as my honorary hermano,\" Vasquez continues before he runs out into the square, grabbing a random horse and jumping on the saddle, kicking it firmly in the sides to get it to rush after Joshua Faraday who definitely has a death wish. \"Over here! This side, Goody!\" Billy yells as he watches both Faraday and Vasquez ride away towards the Gatling gun, knowing that the two men would need cover and a lot of luck more than anything else. \"Ride, Faraday, ride!\" Goodnight shouts after him, encouragement which spurs Faraday to get the horse to run faster through the field, not knowing that Vasquez is right behind him. Between Goody and Billy aiming from the steeple and Vasquez shooting from behind, the three men manage to ward off all of Joshua's attackers. \"Get the two in the back,\" Billy instructs Goody, knowing that only Goodnight Robicheaux is the only man in the world who can hit that shot from this far up and away. \"I got him!\" Goodnight cheers before a barrage of bullets hits him and he starts to fall backwards from the shots of the Gatling gun hitting him. Billy raises up, trying to grab Goody and keep him from falling off the steeple, but Billy gets hit several times in the chest and he falls down on the steeple. Billy drags himself over to cover, trying his best to not get shot any more. Goodnight falls, but not on the ground. Instead, Red Harvest pushes a giant stack of flour bags in the Confederate sharpshooter's path, but the impact is still enough to illicit a sharp crack as Goodnight falls down onto his left ankle. \"Goody….\" Billy calls in a raspy, defeated voice as his eyes close and he just sits there on the steeple before the world goes black. If this is how a hero dies, then at least Billy has died a hero's death. Or so he thinks as the light leaves his eyes. Faraday feels the shot to the right side of his chest as the bullet enters it, but it bounces off soon after while Vasquez shoots one more of the men near the gun with some of the ammo from one of Bogue's men's guns. He slips from the saddle of the horse, his hands being too loose around the reins as another bullet hits the left side of his chest. Vasquez screams his lungs out from behind him as he tries to ride forward and pick Faraday up from the ground, but he's too far away and Vasquez knows that would be a suicidal move. He would get them both killed doing that. All of him aches as he falls down from the horse, staring up at the clouds with a pained expression in his blue eyes that threaten to close with each second that passes. With an almost lung-shattering heave of a breath, Joshua Faraday brings himself to a sitting position before he stands and limps towards the Gatling gun and the eye-patched man guarding it. \"Come on, boy!\" one of the men taunts from the gun, and Vasquez hides in the long grass as he curbs his impulse to shoot the man for taunting him as Faraday tries to muster up all the strength he can. That's when they shoot Faraday in the knee and Vasquez almost loses his mind right then and there. They shot Faraday. They shot his hermano. They shot his second chance at a family. And no one who did that deserves to live in Vasquez' opinion. Faraday falls down to his chest, and he cannot find the strength to bring himself back up to his feet once more. Even if his chest and side didn't ache as much as they did, the shot to his knee would prevent him from rising once more. And at that point, Joshua Faraday realizes he is going to die, that he should die. But he drags himself through the grass on his stomach, ignoring the taunting of \"Why don't you just stay down, boy?\" as a plan makes its way to his mind. He grimaces in pain before reach a blood-soaked hand into his pocket and pulls out a cigar Vasquez had given him before the battle began hours ago. Joshua puts it to his lips and tries to light it with a match, but his hands are so slick with blood that the match just breaks. The man with the eyepatch humors him and lights the cigarette, and Faraday tries to smile around the pain. Vasquez watches from the reeds, still on horseback, watching for what the güero would do next. When he sees the match fall to the ground, it all makes sense. The fallen match serves as conversation between the two and Vasquez quietly rides into position. After the Eyepatch Man- as Vasquez is internally calling him- lights Faraday's cigar, the blue-eyed gambler slumps over before said Eyepatch Man can shoot him. Vasquez' heart rises in his throat, and he can't help but think he's lost his second chance at having a brother. \"No,\" he whispers in the grass, tears forming on his eyes. Surely he couldn't be dead…. And that's when Vasquez saw a spark and knew what the blue-eyed Irishman turned gambler and gunslinger had in mind. Vasquez gets settled on the horse, knowing that timing would be crucial. One wrong move and they would both be dead. \"Dynamite!\" one of Eyepatch Man's flunkies calls out, and Vasquez begins to spur the horse into action, flying from the tall grass like he's a hawk flying across the plains. \"I've always been lucky with one-eyed Jacks,\" Faraday manages to joke through the evident pain on his face before Vasquez swoops him up on the back of the horse. Faraday chucks the dynamite, and they barely are out of the major explosion zone when the stick of explosives go off and destroy the Gatling gun and Eyepatch Man's little gang. They ride the aftershock, Vasquez spurring the horse back to town, wanting to get them both their safely. \"Vas?\" Faraday weakly questions as the jostling of the horse tells him he's not dead after all. \"Sí, güero. Now, hush. You nearly got blown up and I need to get you back to town to see un medico. Claro?\" Vasquez comforts, managing to check Faraday's pulse that seems a bit too faint for the outlaw's liking, but there is one still there. \"I don't feel so good, Vas. Feel woozy,\" Joshua remarks before he passes out on the horse, and Vasquez can't help but the spur the horse faster to try and get his best friend to the doctor. If you wanna get out alive, run for your life. And that's exactly what Vasquez does; he runs for town with an unconscious- hopefully only that- Faraday on the front of the horse sprawled out like a rag doll. If I stay, it won't be long 'til I'm burning on the inside. If I go, I can only hope that I'll make it to the other side. When Vasquez rushes into the town with Faraday, Sam is coming out of the church, taking a rifle from Emma and then coming towards Red Harvest, who has Jack and Goodnight on their respective horses near him. Billy's limp form is being led on a horse by one of the schoolteacher of the town who had found him still up in the steeple. Sam looks at Red Harvest for confirmation on if Jack and Goodnight are alive or dead, and the Comanche responds with two short words. \"Alive. Barely,\" he speaks up, unshed tears showing around the red and black paint. \"Faraday?\" Sam inquires, looking at a severely depressed and anguished looking Vasquez. Vasquez shakes his head no before answering. \"He had a pulse, but now I can't feel one. I may be too late, jefe,\" Vasquez quietly remarks, a single tear dripping down his nose and landing on Faraday's wrist. The town's doctor comes over and takes the pulses of all the men one by one before turning to face Sam. \"They're all alive, barely. I don't know how they still are, but I'll take good care of your men, Mr. Chisholm. Proper,\" he promises with a small smile as he motions towards his hospital of sorts. \"The next few hours will be very trying and they will be the determining factor on if they survive.\" \"Thank you,\" Sam smiles gently and he helps the others get their four wounded men inside. \"Vasquez, Red Harvest, you are both lifesavers, and I am grateful to have met you. Now, I think I will go pray some more during the operations.\" \"I'll join you,\" Vasquez softly adds in, slipping down from the saddle. \"Me, too,\" Red Harvest offers, tying his mare Little Creek up to a post outside the infirmary. Author's Note: And there's Chapter One! Wow! It took me about 8 hours to re-write the last 30 minutes of the movie! Well, that only means one thing; this is about to be a very short author's note because I'm about to turn into bed for the night. I hope everyone enjoyed this chapter, and the reviews from last chapter were so amazing! Thank you all for reading, reviewing, favoriting, and following! You girls and guys rock! Stay tuned for Chapter Two which will come out whenever I have a chance to begin writing it! I hope all of you have an amazing week![Chapter 3] Chapter Two: Heal What Has Been Hurt Disclaimer: I still only own the OCs in the story; the rest belong to their respective owners. Also, any song lyrics that appear throughout the story belong to the band or artist to be listed either after the lyric or at the end of the chapter. Thank you so much to all of you who reviewed, favorited, or followed the story! I hope it continues to please you! For the sake of this story, pretend Jenga was invented in this time period instead of in 1970. That's all I have to say for now. \" Make the clock reverse. Bring back what once was mine… Heal what has been hurt. Change the Fate's design. Save what has been lost. Bring back what once was mine… What once was mine.\" Mandy Moore's song \"Flower, Gleam, and Glow\" from Disney's movie Tangled The sun is setting on the horizon by the time the doctor comes to tell Sam, Vasquez, and Red Harvest the news about their injured comrades. In that time, Sam's voice has gone nearly hoarse as he has been praying more at once than he had ever done in a single prayer before, just wanting his new family to make it out of Rose Creek alive. Vasquez had nodded off in sleep once or twice, his arm wound where the bullet from the Gatling gun mostly dried of blood. The doctor promised the outlaw that he would bandage the gunslinger's arm when he was finished checking on Jack, Goodnight, Billy, and Joshua first. Vasquez had told the man to take his time, that he has had worse and was able to survive just fine. Emma cleans up Red Harvest's cut under his eye with a wet rag, really only needing to use water and a bit of rubbing alcohol, and the Comanche's face was as good as new. Sam had a few minor cuts that did not require medical attention; for the most part the warrant officer just needs rest and for his new friends to heal well enough to where they could go back to normal. Normal in this case is having Goodnight on his feet loudly talking, and having Faraday banter back and forth with Vasquez while managing to also perform sleight of hands when no one was watching. Normal entails having Billy silently observing all of them, rolling his dark brown eyes when Goodnight tells one of his impossible stories that only people who weren't there or were extremely gullible would believe; Jack Horne would read off Bible verses and treat Red Harvest like a son like he did the night before the Battle of Rose Creek. Yeah, all of that would be back to normal and then the knot forming in Sam's stomach and chest would finally unravel and drop out of existence. Sam turns to his right where Vasquez is stretched out on a bench in the waiting room of the infirmary, the Mexican outlaw lying on his stomach with his arms underneath his head, low snores escaping his lips and Sam can't help but think that the man looks so much younger than he must be. Then Sam finds himself wondering inside his head just how old Vasquez de la Vega happens to be. Was he in his thirties? Late twenties? Sam would have to ask him that question. He'd have to ask all of them that question, come to think of it. Well, everyone but Goodnight. Sam knew that he and Goodnight were only a year apart; he'd been told as much when they met when the Civil War had just ended and Sam saved him from being beat up from a bunch of loose cannons in the Union Army. Goodnight was forty years old whereas Sam had just turned forty one a few months prior to riding into Amador City where he met Emma, Teddy, and Faraday before all of the fighting truly began. Sam simply smiles as Vasquez continues sleeping. Surely, they were all exhausted, and Sam finds himself wondering if any of them actually slept last night before they walked out onto the battlefield at dawn this morning. The medic comes to a stop in front of Sam, and the warrant officer gently nudges Vasquez with the toe of his boot, causing the younger man to sit up and wipe sleep out of his dark brown eyes before blinking at the change in light. \"Well?\" Sam starts off, a questioning tone in his voice as he manages a whisper. \"How are they?\" he continues, wanting to know how his four brothers in arms are doing after being patched up for a few hours. \"They seem to be in fine shape as well as they are able to be with injuries as extensive as the ones they have,\" the medic answers, his green eyes widening a bit as he recalls the past three or so hours and his hands look like they have been covered in blood for most of that time. \"But, most of the time I have been setting Mr. Robicheaux's leg and putting it in a plaster cast since he broke it on his fall from the steeple,\" Mr. Charles, the medic, continues, thinking of how he had felt the bones in Goodnight's leg and determined that he broke his foot and further up his calf. \"That was my fault. I put flour under him,\" Red Harvest softly remarks, his brown eyes staring straight ahead as he doesn't even blink at his confession. \"Red Harvest, mi amigo, I don't think he's…\" Vasquez starts to relieve his friend's doubt when Mr. Charles steps back into the conversation and does quite the opposite of what is expected. \"Actually your efforts saved Mr. Robicheaux's life, my dear boy,\" Mr. Charles smiles, wiping his blood-soaked hands on a handkerchief before splashing water over them to try and sanitize his hands before he returns to his patients upstairs. \"A fall from that height with his bullet injuries should have killed him, but you were able to cushion his fall and keep him from breaking his neck. Marvelous quick thinking indeed,\" Mr. Charles praises before returning to Sam's question from earlier. \"As for the rest of your men, Mr. Chisholm, I still must go and check on them. My nurses have been doing the best they can at making sure they stay alive and that their vitals remain in correct balance, but I am the only trained surgeon here that could remove the bullets and then put the bandages on,\" he reveals, and Sam tries not to sigh as he realizes that the process will probably take until dark and that the three of them will have to go through more tantalizing hours of waiting on more news. At least Goodnight had only broken his leg and not snapped his neck on his fall thanks to Red Harvest…. Sam realizes he really owes the young Comanche warrior for a lot of acts of courage and honor. \"I am a healer,\" Red Harvest almost whispers, and that statement takes Vasquez and Sam by utter surprise and makes Mr. Charles turn back around as he had been heading for the stairs where he could attend to Faraday, Billy, and Jack. \"You are, are you?\" Mr. Charles inquires, a smile creeping onto his face. \"We have that in common, then,\" the green-eyed man continues before sweeping his arms out and motioning to the stairs. \"Please come with me then, Mr. Red Harvest, and we can get to work on patching up your friends.\" \"I will go,\" Red Harvest directs to Sam and Vasquez before standing up and heading for the stairs. \"I must help.\" \"Good luck, my friend. Steady may be your hands,\" Vasquez smiles encouragement, tipping his black hat further back on his head where it is no longer covering his eyes. \"I know you can do this, Red Harvest. Take good care of our boys,\" Sam offers a grin of his own, sitting back down on the chair near where Vasquez remains stretched out on the bench. \"I will. No further blood,\" Red Harvest confidently says, wiping a bit of the remaining water out from under his eyes from where Emma disinfected his cut. Emma comes and sits down next to Sam, and the warrant officer from Wichita, Kansas takes her hand and clasps it in his own, just glad to have the comfort from the young woman as she rests her head against his shoulder and falls asleep. Sam runs one of his hands through her fiery red hair like he used to do with his younger sister Sarah's hair. With that, Sam remains alert and waiting for news with Vasquez getting up from the bench a few minutes later to refill his canteen of water and get Sam some water as well since they had been outside in the heat for most of the day. When Vasquez returns, he simply hands Sam the canteen, earning a small smile from the older cowboy before Vasquez places a steady hand on Sam's knee. \"They'll be okay, Sam. I believe in el medico and in Red Harvest,\" Vasquez admits, locking his dark brown eyes on Sam's slightly darker ones, slipping into Spanish when talking about Doctor Charles. \"Yeah. He'll patch 'em up real good, especially now that he's got Red Harvest to help him,\" Sam admits, visibly relaxing before he lets his head drift back to the back of the chair. \"Sleep,\" Vasquez softly commands, making sure to fix a commanding gaze on the warrant officer. \"I'll wake you if anything happens,\" the outlaw promises and Sam lets his head droop backwards where he can catch a few winks of sleep during the surgery process. \"Okay. All right. You win, Vasquez,\" Sam grins as he jokes before falling asleep. And if Vasquez draped a blanket over Miss Emma Cullen and Sam Chisholm as they slept upon waiting for news of his friends, well then that was the gunslinger's business and no one else's. Red Harvest suggests that they start with Faraday first, having seen the state Faraday was in and how worried Vasquez had seemed to be about the blue-eyed gambler's injuries and bare feel of a pulse that was fluttering on the edge of life and death. Dr. Charles begins to mutter under his breath a bit as he has one of the nurses help him take Faraday's vest off to see the three bullets in the man from three different locations. Fortunately, the one that had almost pierced his heart was the one that was slightly deflected by none other than the sheriff's badge that Sam had insisted on calling a \"recall\" when they took it off of that cowardly sheriff that hid underneath one of the buildings before riding to deliver the message about \"Lincoln like the president and Sam Chisholm\" to Bart Bogue himself. Faraday had snatched the sheriff's badge from Vasquez that night and buttoned it on the front of his shirt, claiming to be the sheriff of the town before chasing a few of the younger boys of the town who were pretending to be robber barons of their own, being led by none other than Vasquez himself. That had been their first night in the town, so the Magnificent Seven decided they needed to get along with everyone in the town, including the children. Joshua Faraday had forgotten to take off the sheriff's badge, and it had saved his life by not allowing the bullet to pierce his heart. The star of the sheriff's badge was dented in and had the bullet directly in the center of it, but Red Harvest's steady hands were able to unclip it from Faraday's shirt before he set it off to the side, knowing that Joshua would want to keep it as a memento of how he had cheated death once more. Red Harvest picks up on Dr. Charles' hushed whispers to the nurse in the room, and the Comanche knows enough English to know they are debating whether or not Joshua Faraday can be saved or if he is going to die due to blood loss and the bullet in the other side of his chest. He also adds how he has never lost one of his patients before and would hate to lose his reputation over an impulsive gambler that everyone thought could cheat death even after nearly being blown up near a Gatling gun. \"You never had a dead man here?\" Red Harvest inquires, his question coming out calmly but forcefully enough that the whispers between the doc and his nurse stop. \"I'm not sure I understand you, son,\" Doc Charles feigns confusion as the young warrior starts to come back over near his wounded comrade in arms. \"Do people die here?\" Red Harvest asks again in a louder voice and gritted teeth, not wanting the other man to miss his point again. \"What? No,\" Doc Charles starts off before jumping back into doctor mode and trying to save Faraday. \"No. We'll do everything we can to save your friend,\" he continues, motioning for the nurse to help him unbutton Joshua's shirt where they can get to all of his chest and not just the parts that were covered by the vest. \"I need husks,\" the young Comanche instructs as he looks at Joshua's bleeding torso with the slightest facial expressing appearing on his face as he fears for his friend. \"Husks?\" Doc Charles inquires, used to just using bandages to stop heavy bleeding like that coming out of Faraday's chest and along the right side of his ribcage. \"Yes, husks. Tie it tight. Stop the bleeding,\" Red Harvest slowly says like it is the simplest concept in the world before motioning for the nurse to go and get some. The nurse goes out and asks Vasquez to lend her a hand in collecting the husks for Red Harvest to use on Faraday. Fortunately, Vasquez knows just what Red Harvest needs and is able to rush out into the fields to get him some before running up the stairs two at a time and depositing them on a counter near the bed where Joshua lies, looking too small and quiet for someone of his demeanor and usual loud, boisterous personality. \"Güero,\" Vasquez whispers, looking like he wants to help as he tries to come over and assist Red Harvest in pressing the husks against Joshua's bullet holes in his side and chest. \"Hold on, güero. We're going to help you, hermano,\" Vasquez promises, rolling up the cuffs of his sleeves to prepare to help, not squeamish around the blood that continues to pour out of Faraday's side. \"You need to retire back to downstairs, son,\" Doc Charles softly commands, coming behind Vasquez and resting a hand on his shoulder. \"No! I need to help mi hermano!\" Vasquez de la Vega shouts, nearly knocking the doctor on his rear end as he gets too close to the gunslinger. \"What you need to do is let me and Red Harvest help him. He's losing a lot of blood and needs all the medical attention we can give him right now,\" Doc Charles says in a louder voice, wanting Vasquez to understand the graveness of the current situation regarding Faraday's life. \"Only doctors and healers need to work on him right now or he may die. Go back downstairs with your friends and we will come get y'all when we are done.\" \"Exactly when you're finished,\" Vasquez glares, his dark brown eyes growing more narrow as he stares at the doctor while wondering why he couldn't help if time truly was of the essence in helping Joshua Faraday. \"The bleeding's stopped,\" Red Harvest announces, removing the now bloodstained corn husks before dropping them into the garbage bin near the bed. \"Hear that? The bleeding's stopped, so you can go back downstairs and leave us to work in peace,\" Doc Charles commands, having his nurse practically shove Vasquez out of the room before she pulls the door shut behind him. \"Buena suerte, mi hermano. May strength find you until we meet you again after you wake up,\" Vasquez whispers luck to his new honorary brother before walking down the stairs two at a time before sitting next to Sam again and pulling the corner of the blanket over himself as Sam has dislodged it in the time Vasquez was outside and upstairs. He just hopes the surgeries will hurry up soon where he can know that his new family is all right and will not leave him like his biological family did many years ago. Meanwhile, the doctor and Red Harvest continue working on Joshua Faraday, trying to get him cleaned up as fast as they can where they can take out the bullets and bandage the wounds thoroughly. \"Yes. Good thinking for stopping the bleeding,\" Doc Charles praises, stopping to wipe a thin line of sweat off his own forehead as he grabs a tool off the table to take the bullet out of Faraday's side since it was the oldest wound and least likely to bleed again before the bandages are applied. \"He could do for a blood transfusion, but I'm not prepared for that,\" he continues, and Red Harvest just nods, knowing that of course Joshua could need more blood, but that would cost them time. He didn't think that it was because no one might have the proper blood to give to Joshua Faraday. When Doc Charles removes the bullet from Faraday's side, the skin along his ribcage nearly rips and it causes the doctor to bite down on his tongue to keep from swearing at the damage to the young Irishman's side. \"He's gonna need stitches, but the nurse just left to clean off the tools,\" Doc Charles admits regretfully, wondering why he sent his nurse away at the most inopportune times when he needs her help the most. \"I'm no good with a needle with my wide fingers. How is your sewing?\" he turns to face Red Harvest, and the warrior's eyes grow wide in shock as he prepares to wrap part of Faraday's chest off with a damp rag. \"It is adequate,\" Red Harvest admits, coming over to see where exactly the doctor is pointing. \"Well, then, I'll leave the operation to you. Thread the needle and then you'll need to do exactly as I tell you to stitch him up before knotting the stiches closed to keep them from re-opening as soon as you step away.\" With that, Doc Charles begins to instruct Red Harvest on how to stitch up a person's side and the Comanche follows each step to the letter before tying off the thread and finishing the stitching. Following the successful stitching of his side, Red Harvest bandages Joshua's side, making sure to apply enough pressure to keep the wound nestled neatly and not to allow contamination in but not tight enough to cut off his blood flow or not allow him to roll over when he wakes. Next comes the surgery on his chest which takes a bit longer due to there being two wounds up there and being closer to his vital organs of his heart and lungs. Eventually, all three areas are bandaged heavily and Doc Charles runs a wet cloth over Faraday's face to try and prevent the man's temperature from rising while they are gone and checking on the rest of the merry band. With that accomplished, Doc Charles rests his hand against Faraday's wrist, checking once more for a pulse to make sure that all of their time and effort was not wasted. A stronger, though still not strong enough, pulse thumps through Joshua's wrist and it makes the doctor sigh in relief before he hands Red Harvest some water in a canteen to wash the blood off their hands before they went to check on Jack Horne in the next room over. One down, three more to go. Walking into Jack's room, Red Harvest breathes when he sees the mountain man's chest rise and fall every few seconds, though not as steadily as it normally does when the famous tracker is awake. Red Harvest notices that the arrows have been taken out of Jack's leg, chest, and hands. All of the wounds have been bandaged, though Jack's hand looks the worst out of all his wounds in Red Harvest's opinion, as it sliced through most of the skin on the oldest man's hand. \"A bullet, was it?\" Doc Charles inquires to his nurse, but Red Harvest cuts him off. \"Arrow,\" he corrects, having the image flash in his mind as he had lured Denali away from Jack as he lay there losing blood trying to protect Teddy Q. \"Well, we're lucky it missed his heart and lungs,\" Doc Charles admits, looking pleased with how well the nurses did their jobs in his absence. (Both nurses were young, so he wasn't sure how they would handle so much blood on their first day of full independence.) \"He should be okay within a matter of two or so weeks. That hand will be the part of him that will take the longest to heal, I think,\" the doctor reveals before once again praising Red Harvest for his work. \"You did well getting him to safety and bringing him to me as fast as you did. You could make a good doctor, you know,\" Doc Charles smiles, thoroughly meaning his words. \"No. I'm a friend first,\" Red Harvest remarks, meaning his words with all of his heart as he places a soft hand on top of Jack's uninjured one. \"Where they go, I go. My path is different,\" the Comanche continues, turning on his heel and heading for the room where Goodnight and Billy are being attended to. \"Billy and Goodnight need our help,\" he whispers, entering the room and heading over to Billy's bed to check on the assassin. Two down, two to go. Billy was worse than Horne but not as bad as Faraday, if that is an accurate way to gauge someone's condition in the infirmary. The Korean knife-wielder had gotten hit by a barrage of ten bullets before he was able to take shelter on the steeple, keeping Goodnight's flask in his sights and mumbling \"Goody\" with what he had thought was his last breath. Fortunately, all of the bullets that hit Billy did not pierce any extreme region of his body; the most deadly shot had hit his left arm and embedded itself in his forearm. Billy wouldn't mind that one as much as he would if it had been his right arm- that was his dominant knife throwing arm, after all- so the trained alley fighter and best friend of Goodnight Robicheaux would be all right after about a week of rest now that the bullets had been removed and the most extreme ones were bandaged. A few had pierced the skin on his chest, but they mostly just sliced a bit of the hair on Billy's chest and made thin cuts instead of the thick mark on his left forearm where the main bullet was lodged. Red Harvest helps to check his bandages, double-checking to see if there are any wounds that someone had missed in their attempt to clean and bandage all of the wounds. Billy would be fine. In fact, it wouldn't surprise anyone if he tried to pull out his hairpin and throw it at the wall until someone let him out of the bed where he would say he was \"being useless since he was perfectly fine\". \"Oh, Billy Rocks,\" Red Harvest could imagine Goodnight saying when the Cajun would wake up later in the evening after the anesthesia wore off. \"Just let the fine people of Rose Creek cater to us,\" he would say with a wink while drinking out of his hip flask. \"We did save the town, after all,\" Red Harvest can picture Goodnight say before Billy would shoot Goodnight a glare and then the Korean assassin would throw a handful of mashed potatoes at Goody, starting a food fight between the two of them that Sam would have to come and break up, only for Goodnight to fling gravy in Sam's mustache. \"That should just about do it,\" Doc Charles' voice snaps Red Harvest out of his musings for later on tonight. \"Look, make sure and keep an eye on him. Plenty of water,\" he instructs regarding Billy before moving over to check on Goodnight, who has been under the effects of anesthesia the longest due to needing his leg put in a cast. Goodnight had sworn left and right when Doc Charles had laid a hand on his foot and leg, threatening to grab one of Billy's knives or the hairpin and waking the assassin up just to help him escape the doctor's cold hands. Goodnight had been in the mercy of too many doctors during his time on the Civil War battlefield, had seen too much death inside of infirmaries to just lie down and leave his fate in someone else's hands. Hence, Doc Charles had to sedate Goodnight quickly in order to get the Confederate sharpshooter's leg on the mend as quickly as possible. After all, the doctor has heard from Sam that the Magnificent Seven is made up of adventurous, wanderlust, and insanely hyper men that would want to be on the move and on horseback as soon as they could. \"Good. That will do,\" he comments, making sure the cast is still set on Goodnight's leg, knowing that the sharpshooter would be confined to the bed for at least a few weeks due to the broken foot. \"He should wake up soon, probably sooner than Mr. Rocks since Mr. Robicheaux has been asleep for a bit longer.\" Otherwise, Goodnight's wounds would heal much like Horne's and Faraday's to an extent since the older man had been hit with eight bullets, though in less extreme places than Horne and Faraday had been shot in. Like Billy, Goodnight had been shot in the left arm, but his bullet hole was in his shoulder instead of his forearm. Red Harvest and Doc Charles return downstairs after around three and a half hours' worth of working on injuries and Vasquez shakes Sam's shoulder to wake the warrant officer up. \"How are they?\" Vasquez asks for Sam as a yawn overtakes the older man's voice when he tries to speak. \"Well, Mr. Faraday's been patched up by Red Harvest here. He has stitches in his side and a few on his chest because the bullet that hit his side ripped more of his skin than I thought. The bullet near his chest actually got caught on the sheriff's badge that he was playin' with when he played with the kids…\" \"Only time güero's pickpocketing and sleight of hand actually serves him well,\" Vasquez chuckles, a smile appearing on his face as his dark brown eyes light up. \"Now, now, Vasquez…\" Sam remarks in a warning voice, acting once again like the group's dad. \"He thought through his plan and had a bit of cover of his own to keep from getting himself shot worse than he already is,\" the duly sworn warrant officer says with a smile and a slight laugh of his own, wrapping an arm around Vasquez' shoulder as they both stand up. \"Anythin' we can do to help him?\" \"Well, you can make sure he doesn't turn over too fast and rip open his stitches,\" Doc Charles answers as he furrows his eyebrows in thought. \"If he tears those stitches, there's no skin that we can sew that onto without making his whole side look different than it should,\" he makes known, and Sam nods in understanding. \"Claro,\" Vasquez speaks up before realizing something else that has come to mind. \"What if he's in extreme pain? I know he's bound to have some, but what if it's muy fuerte and he can't cope with it?\" the dark-haired gunslinger inquires in real concern, having seen people in desperate pain before and not being able to help them. \"Assuming muy fuerte means very strong,\" Doc Charles starts off before Vasquez tells him that it does mean just that. \"I suggest a drop of brandy… or whiskey,\" the doctor advises before throwing a bit of cautionary word into the directions. \"Now, he only needs a few drops of it, about a sip because I'm not sure how much his body can handle right now with how hard his body is going to have to work to keep his blood flowing and his breathing at least halfway narrow.\" \"Entiendo. I'll keep that in mind,\" Vasquez promises before a voice shouts down the stairs, almost scaring Emma half to death as she is rudely awoken from her nap she was still taking. \"Sam! Sam Chisholm! I can't feel my leg!\" Goodnight's unmistakable voice and accent carries down the stairs as he shouts, and Sam wonders why Billy isn't trying to shut up the Cajun general. \"SAM CHISHOLM! I CAN'T FEEL MY LEG, SAM! SAAAAAAAM!\" Goodnight yells once more, extending the A in Sam's name to call further for one of his best friends he had met about twenty years ago when they were leaving from their war camps. Sam sighs before thinking that Goodnight would wake the whole town with his yelling and he then smiles as he walks up the stairs into Goodnight and Billy's infirmary room to find the sharpshooter sitting upright, looking like he was about to shout again for Sam. Sam groans when Goodnight opens his mouth and calls his name again even though the bounty hunter of sorts is moving to sit on the foot of Goody's bed. \"Sam!\" Goody calls out, his eyes wide as he looks down at his foot that is covered up beneath a blanket to combat the cool night breeze outside. \"I can't move my dang foot, Sam! Someone must've shot at it!\" he shouts, clearly panicked at waking up and not being able to feel his own foot. \"No one shot your foot, Goody,\" Sam comforts, removing the blanket from around Goodnight's foot to show the general his foot is just in a cast. \"You just broke your foot fallin' from the steeple and the doc had to put a cast on it,\" Sam explains in a soft voice like he is trying to calm a wounded or spooked animal. \"See? Your foot's right here,\" he continues, resting one hand on Goodnight's cast to show the Southern legend that his foot is actually still there since Sam can place a hand on where his foot normally is. \"So, it didn't get blown off or shot at?\" Goodnight asks for clarification once more, and Vasquez chuckles before blowing air out of his nose in exasperation at the same question being asked. Vasquez opens his mouth to answer in a slightly sarcastic way like he is used to doing with Faraday, but Sam responds before the Mexican gunslinger can. \"No, my old friend. All five toes are still attached to your foot; they're just under the cast and the blanket,\" Sam smiles warmly at his best friend and brother figure, covering back up Goodnight's feet since the cold air is rushing in through the open window. \"Good. I can't be walkin' around with a toe missin',\" Goodnight cracks a grin as he laughs at his own statement. \"Yeah, you're already clumsy enough,\" Sam jokes, causing Goodnight to reach up and smack Sam playfully on the shoulder and then Sam grabs Goodnight's head and \"shines\" his head by rubbing his dark knuckles across Goodnight's greying hair like they did when they were twenty years younger. \"Sam,\" Goodnight chokes out, trying to break out of Chisholm's grip as the older man holds him by the back of his head. \"Sam! You're chokin' me,\" Goodnight barely manages to say, gasping for breath when Sam releases him from the headlock. \"Sorry, buddy,\" Sam grins, making Vasquez laugh at their childish antics when they are supposed to be two of the more mature of the group after Jack Horne. \"Are you warm enough? It's a bit cold outside, but I'm sure I can wrangle you up some blankets from your hotel room if you're cold,\" the warrant officer from Wichita, Kansas asks in concern, not wanting Goodnight to be stubborn and refuse blankets just to catch cold. He's seen him do that once before, when Goodnight came back to Sam's house to meet his mother and sisters after they left home from war, before that horrible day two years after the war when Bogue sent men in to hang him and his family. Mrs. Chisholm had been rough on Goodnight that day, asking him why he didn't have the sense to ask for a blanket when he knew well and good that he was cold in the spare bedroom across the hall from Sam's room. Goodnight learned to never lie to Mrs. Chisholm or to Sam again when they both told him that he needed to tell someone if something was bothering him where he could get some help. Goody smiles and then responds to Sam's question honestly, the past memory still on his mind as he answers. \"I don't know yet,\" Goodnight remarks, his voice still a little groggy with sleep and the effects of the anesthesia. \"How are you boys?\" the sharpshooter asks, looking from Sam to Vasquez and Red Harvest who are standing closer to Billy's bed and the door, respectively. \"We're fine,\" Vasquez answers, shooting a look over to see Red Harvest nodding his head along to the statement. \"Where's Billy?\" Goodnight inquires, panic filling his voice slightly as he thinks of his best friend and brother under the sun being hurt or worse on the steeple where they had been shot at and shot down. \"Billy's right here, amigo,\" Vasquez answers evenly, patting the edge of the bed where Billy is still sleeping, his breaths coming out soft and even. \"How is he?\" Goodnight presses further, wanting to know how the man who he regarded deeply as a brother and a protector is doing. \"Well,\" Sam starts off, not quite sure the extensiveness of Billy's injuries since Goodnight had started screaming for them while the doctor was explaining their injuries. \"How is he?\" Goodnight Robicheaux demands again, his voice getting closer to a growl as he just wants a straight answer from someone for once. He's tired of all the twisted lies that people tell him in places like this. Places where he thought he was safe…. \"I helped bandage his wounds….\" Red Harvest begins, pausing to think in English instead of Comanche, only to be cut off by Goody's yelling once more. \"HOW IS HE?!\" Goodnight yells this time, looking ready to leap out of the bed and grab the doctor by the collar of his shirt once he found him. \"He was asleep until you woke him,\" Billy quips as he opens his dark brown eyes that still feel heavy from sleep and needing rest. \"Billy, if I wasn't so happy to hear that voice of yours, you'd be in for an earful for your sassy attitude,\" Goodnight teases, fixing Billy with an icy glare. \"You wouldn't hurt me, Goody. I'm your brother under the sun and the only one who knows about your dreams,\" Billy smiles as he knows he has won this battle of wits. \"You win this round, Billy, but I'll come up with something next time,\" Goodnight laughs good-naturedly. \"I'd like to see that,\" Billy smirks, and Goodnight throws his spare pillow at Billy, hitting the Korean man in the head. Billy throws the pillow back at Goodnight, slamming it against Goody's face, particularly his nose. Sam grabs the pillow as he confiscates it and puts it over on the drawer, out of reach of the two best friends that seem to think it best to argue and rough-house even when they are both confined to the bed with bullet injuries. \"Stop behaving like children, or I'll make the doc put ya in separate rooms,\" Sam threatens with a bit of a smile forming on his face. \"Now, we gotta go see Horne and Faraday, so y'all act civil in here or I'll send Miss Emma up here to put you two in your places,\" he laughs upon seeing their faces get paler at the mention of sending Emma upstairs to get them to behave. Emma Cullen could be a very scary woman when she wants to be… Red Harvest, Vasquez, and Sam knock quietly on the door to Jack's room, not wanting to barge in if the oldest member of their group was still asleep. \"Come in,\" Jack Horne calls in his overly high-pitched voice, and Red Harvest opens the door to reveal Jack sitting up in bed looking at his Bible with a grin on his face. \"Our prayers worked, Sam,\" Jack grins, showing all of his teeth as his dark brown eyes sparkle. \"Indeed, they did, Jack,\" Sam grins, gently clapping Horne over his least injured shoulder. They fought together twice in the Battle of Rose Creek, so Sam feels he can drop the formality of Mr. Horne and just call the man by his first name. \"I'm glad to know you boys are safe,\" Jack continues grinning before he raises his head to look up at the roof, knowing that he is intending to look at the sky. \"I think the Good Lord decided it was right for all of us to live since we were decent people in trying to save these good people of Rose Creek. He believed we needed a second chance at living,\" Horne remarks, eyes closing as he sends a silent prayer to the heavens. \"Sí,\" Vasquez agrees. \"We asked for forgiveness and He granted it to us,\" the outlaw grins, his dark eyes getting a little wetter with unshed tears as he knows his prayer to his mother also worked. \"The others are doing well, Jack,\" he reveals, seeing the unasked question forming on the older man's lips. \"That's a gift in itself,\" Jack comments before catching sight of Red Harvest out of the corner of his eyes. \"Red Harvest, come here, son,\" the mountain man commands softly, patting the part of the bed near his right side to invite the Comanche to come closer. Red Harvest comes closer, kneeling down next to the bed where he does not injure Jack further by actually sitting on the bed. \"I did something wrong?\" Red Harvest inquires in concern and shock, not knowing why else the tracker would want to talk with him since he has been known to kill other Native Americans before meeting Red Harvest. Now, the young warrior knows that Jack Horne would not kill him, but he would be lying if he said the slight fear of white men wasn't still there. After all, he had seen them burn and pillage the tribes near his family, and Red Harvest had learned at a young age to be wary of the world around him, no matter how comfortable the situation. But, he's learning to let his guard down around these six men; they seem to respect and support him, a trait Red Harvest did not know these particular men would have towards a young Comanche. \"I may have killed three hundred Crow…\" Jack starts off in a whisper, his voice catching as he thinks of what exactly he wants to say to Red Harvest. \"But, they were evil, wicked men. Some of them killed my family, and that made me want revenge on all of them. But, you,\" he stops again, swallowing the small lump in his throat. \"You are different, Red Harvest. You are kind, compassionate, and your heart is just so big and caring for the people around you. We were probably a scary group of people to be with at first- and I know you almost strangled Faraday that first night we all made camp together a few days from town- but you learned to get along with all of us and not be afraid,\" Jack Horne continues, his eyes threatening to tear up with each passing second. \"And then, earlier today, you saved me. You saved me, son, when you could have gotten yourself killed. And I'll never stop being thankful for that and for the bravery you showed. I'd like to think of you as my boy I lost all those years ago grown up. Ya know, he had a head full of black hair like yours that he got from his Mama,\" Horne trails off, not sure of what else to say or if Red Harvest even wants him to say anymore. \"Thank you. I would like to be your son, Jack Horne,\" Red Harvest smiles, his mind thinking in Comanche and then switching to English when he goes to speak. \"You are noble, caring, and have a large heart that cares for man and animal,\" the youngest of the Magnificent Seven keeps talking, and Sam stifles back a slight sigh of contentment as he watches the oldest member and the youngest member of their merry band interact like father and son. Sam knows it would be a beneficial relationship for both men; Jack would get one of his sons back and Red Harvest would have the attention of a father since he left his own father Little Bear back at the Comanche's homeland. \"Really? I don't—I can't believe that!\" Jack says in excitement, not remembering at that moment that Red Harvest takes everything literally and not as an expression since he is still learning English. \"I'm serious. I am not just saying that to be nice,\" Red Harvest reveals, not getting that Jack just is using that way of wording as an expression. \"I am serious,\" he repeats again, wanting to make his point clear to the famous tracker. \"I know you are, son,\" Jack smiles, rubbing his good hand over Red Harvest's wrist like he used to do when his sons Matthew and William were young boys. \"Now, why don't you say we talk a bit and let Sam and Vasquez here check on Faraday to see if he's awake yet and wants any supper since that boy seems to always be hungry,\" he laughs, again patting the side of the bed; this time Red Harvest climbs up into the bed and sits at the foot of the bed, looking straight at Jack Horne with a smile. \"Yes, ahpʉ,\" Red Harvest grins, grabbing the spare pillow and moving to prop Jack's leg up on said pillow. \"What did you just call me?\" \"Father.\" \"Well, how do you say son?\" Horne grins from ear to ear, glad to know the young man is viewing him as such a father figure. \"Tua,\" Red Harvest responds just as quickly, not even hesitating once the question leaves Jack's lips. \"Tua. I like that. Red Harvest, my tua.\" \"Well, I guess we'll leave you two to talk where we can check on Faraday,\" Sam draws their attention, and Jack waves his good hand after their unofficial leader. \"Mr. Chisholm,\" Emma calls as she comes into the room, having looked all over the top floor for Sam. \"Miss Emma, I think we're past the stage of you having to call me Mr. Chisholm,\" Sam smiles warmly at the young lady, knowing if he didn't put away such formalities Emma would feel obliged to keep calling him that for the rest of their time in Rose Creek. \"Sam, I need a bit of help carrying the food up for Goodnight, Billy, Jack, and Faraday. Mrs. Thomas and I made quite a bit of food for them and the three of you as a first sort of welcome gift for saving the town,\" Emma admits, casting her gaze down at her shoes as she stumbles a bit over her wording to Sam. \"That sounds amazing, Miss Emma. Of course I'd like to help,\" Sam grins, walking towards the stairs with Emma beside him. \"Vasquez, are you gonna-\" he starts to question before getting his answer. \"I'm going to go and check on the güero,\" Vasquez admits, walking down to the room at the end of the hall to see Joshua Faraday and see if he is awake yet. Vasquez offers up a silent prayer before going into Joshua's room, expecting to see the blue-eyed gambler sitting up in bed, cracking jokes and demanding he be set free and that he shouldn't be confined for a silly injury. Instead, Vasquez walks into the infirmary room and finds Faraday still unconscious on the bed, head slumped over and with his light brown hair sticking to his face due to sweat gathering on his face because of a slight fever. Vasquez pulls a chair up next to the bed from the other side of the bed, sitting down next to where Faraday is lying sprawled out with blood-soaked bandages covering his side and chest. The outlaw can see a slight scratch on Joshua's face, but it is nothing too serious and would heal on its own after a day or two. \"Come on. Wake up,\" Vasquez whispers to Joshua, not wanting to alert the man so suddenly that he tried to bolt out of bed and tear the stitches open. \"Wake up!\" Vasquez yells this time, seeming desperate and not caring how he feels. He would not lose another brother and best friend that he cared for deeply. Not after what happened to Josué…. \"Come on,\" Vasquez whispers, looking first at Faraday (whose blue eyes are still closed) before covering his own brown eyes with his hands \"Wake up, güero. Please wake up soon.\" \"Vasquez….\" Faraday begins to speak slowly, working up his voice as it comes out a little more than a rasp with the first word. \"Faraday!\" Vasquez shouts, moving to tackle his best friend before remembering that Doc Charles told them to make sure Joshua Faraday took it easy for a while he is still recovering. \"I am so glad you're alive! I mean- I'm glad you're awake now, hermano\" he excitedly says before changing into a nonchalant tone that he uses around most people. \"I—I don't know where I am,\" Joshua admits, blinking his light blue eyes rapidly as he tries to readjust to the new light in the room. \"What's happening?\" Faraday inquires, not sure why he is in a room if a battle is continuing to rage on between Bogue's men outside in Rose Creek. He realizes that he shouldn't be here. He realizes that his side and chest ache something awful and that he needs to turn over onto his other side or his stomach to try and alleviate some of his own pain as it shoots up from his torso and through his chest. Then he realizes that there's a sharp pain in his leg where Eyepatch Man's goon had shot him before he threw the dynamite at the Gatling gun. The Gatling gun…. Then, if he remembered that…. How was he still alive to think about it? Didn't he blow himself up trying to save the people of Rose Creek? Hadn't he…? \"No,\" Vasquez softly commands, gently pressing his hands against Joshua's arms to hold him still as he tries to roll over. \"Hurts,\" Faraday complains, his voice soft and shaky. \"I'm sure it does, mi amigo,\" the Mexican outlaw sighs, not wanting to put his friend through any extra pain, but Vasquez knows he cannot let Faraday rip open the stitches. \"But, you have stitches in that side. Entiendes?\" Vasquez inquires, wanting Joshua Faraday to understand that he was still alive and mostly well with the exception of the few bullet holes that had riddled his body and put him in the excruciating pain he is in right now. \"Stitches?\" Faraday groans, his head slumping back on the pillow as another wave of pain spikes through his side as it was the worst of his wounds and feeling like it was being set on fire. \"Oh, no,\" he says again, blue eyes closing as he grips the pillow with closed hands, realizing that this means he'll be immobile for weeks on end waiting for the stitches to fix his side to where he would be well enough to be up and moving around. \"Sí,\" Vasquez speaks up, not wanting Faraday to forget that he was sitting there beside him. \"It was the only way to get your side in one piece,\" he explains, motioning down to Joshua's right side that has fortunately stopped bleeding, but the bandages are still soaked in blood from earlier when the blood flow had been as constant and fast as a rushing river. Only this wasn't a calming sensation like the river's rush would be; this made Joshua feel like he is going to vomit any moment as the world spins around him and as the pain shoots up and down his body like a pack of wild animals is ripping into his flesh. They sit there in silence for a moment, Faraday's light blue eyes opening and closing every once and a while as he tries to fight sleep, tries to fight going back into the darkness in fear that he will never re-emerge from the blackness that almost swallowed him whole. Would have swallowed him whole if it wasn't for Vasquez….. With that, Joshua Faraday finds himself wondering if Goodnight feels like this when he is going through one of his post-traumatic stress panic attacks. If so, then Faraday honestly feels he owes the legend an apology for acting like such a bully to him earlier in the week, goading him into shooting the rifle to show off in front of those farmers. If this is how Goodnight feels every day and night and how he has felt every day for years, then Faraday is sincerely hoping that this sensation leaves him soon, that it would leave both of them soon. Joshua knows he cannot handle the sensation of the darkness creeping around him, threatening to envelope him in its deadly blanket that would smother his light if given the chance. \"You know what I need, Vas?\" Joshua inquires, his voice gaining a bit of its usual strength as he lets his breath regulate for a minute where it does not hurt or strain his ribs to breathe once. \"What would that be, Faraday?\" Vasquez inquires with concern laced on all of his facial features, and the lack of the word güero and presence of concern do not go unnoticed by Faraday. \"A drink,\" the Irishman answers simply, a hopeful look on his face before he winces in pain, trying to curl up into a ball before Vasquez clamps his hands down on his wrists again. \"Stitches, remember?\" Vasquez whispers calmly before responding to the request of the critically wounded man beside him. \"What kind of drink, güero?\" he sighs, running a hand through his own fluffy, dark brown hair to try not to make Faraday tense or move around too much and break the stitches open. \"Some whiskey sounds good right 'bout now,\" Faraday manages to say with a smile through the pain, and he shoots Vasquez a hopeful look and smile that Vasquez Alejandro de la Vega has come to associate with when Joshua Faraday either has a stupid plan or wants something done his way. \"No,\" Vasquez firmly says, earning a small pout from Joshua. \"Why?\" he whines, doing his best to narrow his eyes at Vasquez in an attempt to get the outlaw to change his mind on the decision. \"The whiskey is only to stop the pain, the doctor said,\" Vasquez cautions, not wanting to be responsible for any further damage done to the young gambler under his watch. \"Vasquez, you stubborn mule, it is for the pain!\" Joshua growls through gritted teeth as his side pulses with pain as he tries to sit up and fails miserably, especially when Vasquez pushes him softly back down on the bed to keep the stitches from tearing. Vasquez starts to compare watching after Faraday like watching a stubborn, sick child that doesn't want to stay in bed or take his or her medicine like the doctor said to. \"Give me strength,\" Vasquez mutters as he looks up at the sky. \"Por favor,\" he whispers, grabbing the flask of whiskey off of the table in the room, a table which is fortunately just out of reach of Faraday's bed to keep the man from drinking the night away after Vasquez leaves. \"Fine!\" he acquiesces, not believing that this would truly help Faraday, but willing to give it a try just to shut the talkative, bantering man in front of him up. \"You get one sip, and I do mean one sip,\" Vasquez harshly says, jabbing the flask in Faraday's face only to see the Irishman grasp it like a life support before tipping it up to his lips and taking a long swig of the drink. \"I guess that's as good a compromise as any since you're bein' a stubborn caregiver,\" Faraday sasses with a smirk playing at his lips and a light returning to his eyes as he banters with Vasquez as has become their usual routine with one another. \"Perdóname? I'm being stubborn, güero? I'm the one who saved your stupid self as you lit up a dynamite stick that close to your own body!\" Vasquez shouts, jumping up from the chair and nearly throwing something at Joshua just for that one comment, not caring at that moment in time if he hurt the stubborn jerk any further than he already is. \"Ungrateful idiota,\" he scowls, his voice low and dangerous before he prepares to stalk out of the room, the flask confiscated and in his hands. \"Easy, Vas,\" Faraday calls softly, talking like one would do to an angry dog or an attacker of some sort. \"I'm just sayin', you're my best friend and even you are bein' a stickler for the rules,\" Joshua jokes to try and lighten the situation before angling his head towards the chair and motioning for the vaquero to come back and sit down. \"I appreciate ya saving my life more than you know, muchacho,\" Joshua Faraday honestly confides in his best friend, blue eyes sparkling and Vasquez takes that moment to sit back down on the chair next to Faraday, no longer mad at him for being so stubborn and stupid about someone caring about his health and overall well-being. That's how Vasquez knows that Joshua is an only child, because if he had siblings he would notice the familiar bond the two of them seem to share and he would notice the concern and want for him to get better soon where he can remain alive and healthy in the future. But, Vasquez notes in his head, Joshua Faraday has earned six brothers whether he wants them or not. \"Hmm. I suppose two sips wouldn't hurt you any more than one would,\" Vasquez complies, handing him back the flask with a mischief and fondness expressed in his dark brown eyes that Vasquez hasn't used on anyone since what happened with Josué…. \"I owe ya, Vas,\" Joshua speaks up, a smile on his face as he hands the flask back without an argument, reaching down towards his own chest to try and get out a deck of cards, only to realize he doesn't have a deck of cards on him since they took off his vest and shirt. \"For more than you know, hermano,\" Vasquez laughs, rubbing a hand through Faraday's hair like his own mother used to do when he and Josué were younger all those years ago. \"For more than you know,\" he says again, clapping a gentle hand over Joshua's shoulder while keeping in mind where the slightly younger man's injuries are. \"There's another one o' them Mexican words again that I don't know!\" Joshua shouts out, a fire in his light blue eyes as he realizes Vasquez uses his native tongue whenever the moment is getting the most serious and Faraday may actually want to know what the Mexican gunslinger is saying. \"Spanish, idiota,\" Vasquez counters, an annoyed tone present in his voice as he realizes for close to the millionth time that Joshua Faraday does not know that Spanish is a language and not Mexican. \"Same thing,\" Faraday argues his point, crossing his arms over his chest with a smirk on his lips and a laugh escaping his throat. \"No, it's not. There's no such thing called a Mexican language except for Spanish,\" Vasquez comments, vowing then and there that he would teach the stubborn, joking gambler some Spanish while the Irishman was ordered to remain in the bed until his injuries heal up well enough for him to walk around. Then at least he could make some conversation if the situation requires it. \"I hate hospitals.\" It's a direct statement with no room for rebuttal, but Vasquez is confused by the sudden outburst. \"What?\" \"I hate 'em, Vas,\" Faraday confides in the darker-haired man as he grimaces in pain while trying to kick off the blankets and thrash his limbs to get up from the bed. \"They make me feel trapped,\" the blue-eyed gunslinger admits, once again feeling Vasquez' hands pushing him gently onto the bed to keep him from tearing the stiches and leaving his side beyond repair. \"Shhhh,\" Vasquez soothes, brushing some of Joshua's sweat-soaked hair- he's contracting a fever due to losing blood so quickly in the heat and now being exposed to lower temperatures- out of the gambler's face to try and calm him down. \"Hermano, por favor, you must not thrash that way. Entiendes?\" he quietly instructs, wiping a damp cloth across Faraday's forehead as his older brother instincts are kick-started. \"I guess,\" Faraday quietly agrees, lying still while looking around for a deck of cards anywhere. \"Do you want a deck of cards?\" Vasquez offers, knowing just what the Irishman seems to want at this moment in time. \"Yeah,\" Joshua grins, happy to see his best friend is looking out for him while he is confined to the infirmary. \"I got you one,\" Vasquez smiles back, pulling out a new deck from his vest before handing it over to Joshua, and Faraday's blue eyes light up at the prospect of perfecting his magic and running the cards through his hands to keep his mind busy and off of the pain. \"You didn't have to do that, Vas,\" Faraday simply says, appreciating the sentiment but not thinking of it as being a necessary course of action. \"Sure I did, my friend. You blew up your other deck of cards in the explosion and you cannot be a gambler without cards to play with, no?\" Vasquez insists, motioning for Faraday to go through the cards and maybe they can play a game of poker or something like that while dinner is still making. \"You're right about that,\" Joshua smiles, shuffling the cards through his calloused hands with years' worth of practice and skill. \"Now, how about we play a game of poker?\" \"You're on, güero,\" Vasquez smirks, pulling the chair closer to the bed before pulling out a cigar and putting it between his lips and then lighting it. \"Just try not to be a sore loser when I beat ya and take all your money, muchacho.\" \"Oh, you're just bluffing, idiota. We'll see how well you can play poker when I'm through winning.\" And so begins the game of poker, the first one between Vasquez and Joshua as they remain in the infirmary room. About ten minutes later, Faraday brings up a question that's been bothering him for a few hours now. \"Can't an injured man get any food in this solitary ward?\" he jokes, and Vasquez throws the Joker at him from the discarded card pile, making Faraday reach up and catch the card in his hand as dutifully as he would when pulling either Ethel or Maria out of his gun holster. Sam comes into the room as Vasquez laughs at Faraday's statement, carrying a tray of food with potatoes, eggs, bacon, beans, and a bit of steak on the plate for his injured friend. \"Well, it's good to see you finally awake, Joshua Faraday,\" Sam grins, sitting gently on the foot of the bed while passing Faraday the tray of food carefully where he doesn't spill any of it on the wounded gambler. \"Hey, Sam,\" Faraday greets, smiling a little as he looks down at the array of food. \"Glad to be back and see that someone in this town cares enough to feed me,\" he jokes, earning him a glare from Vasquez. \"The kitchen has been backed up trying to get meals to the less wounded men who were actually awake, güero,\" Vasquez tells him in a slightly annoyed voice as the outlaw stands up to grab another tray from Red Harvest which Vasquez assumes is for him since Red Harvest would never eat the food that he insisted was only fit for dogs to eat. \"Stupid man,\" Red Harvest speaks up from the door, glaring at Joshua in such a way that chill runs up Faraday's spine just seeing the look. He decides then and there that he never wants to get on Red Harvest's bad side, because if looks could kill he would very well be dead where he is lying in the bed. \"He just woke up from nearly getting blown up. Let's just show him some sympathy,\" Sam smiles before clapping Red Harvest on the shoulder gently to try and dissolve all ill will they may have in the room at the moment. \"Still stupid. Almost died without backup. Stupid plan,\" Red Harvest insists, crossing his arms over his chest before checking on his handiwork of bandaging Faraday's side and chest after he stitched the older man's side closed. \"Thanks for stichin' me up, Red. I appreciate it,\" Faraday grins his charming smile, though at that moment an intense wave of pain washes through him and he winces slightly before coughing softly after the bout of pain is over. \"Would you like a glass of water?\" Sam asks, looking over at the counter where the doctor has set a pitcher of water along with a couple of glasses in which to pour the refreshing liquid into. \"Yeah, actually, I would,\" Faraday comments with a slight glare at Vasquez as the outlaw takes a swig from the flask of whiskey that Faraday still wants some more of. Sam grabs the pitcher of water off the table and pours Faraday a glass of water before handing it to the man who has four new battle scars adorning his body from destroying the Gatling gun. \"Here ya are,\" Sam smiles, carefully handing the gambler the glass where he does not drop it or spill water on the sheets, bandages, or his own bare chest since they took his shirt and vest off in order to bandage his chest and stitch his side up. \"You doin' all right other than the pain?\" \"Fine. Vasquez here is tryin' to keep my mind off the pain by playin' cards with me,\" Faraday grins before sipping from the glass of water, handing it back to Sam, and then shoveling a few mouthfuls of beans into his mouth before eating a piece of bacon. \"What are we playing, Faraday?\" Sam asks, moving a little on the bed to give Joshua a bit more space to stretch his legs out and not get a cramp in the leg that had been shot by one of Eyepatch Man's buddies. \"Poker. Vasquez is gettin' killed so far,\" Faraday barks a laugh, and Vasquez throws a pillow at the man, not caring that he's injured and considered \"fragile\" by the doctor. \"Bad choice of words, güero,\" he growls before continuing his sentence. \"And we've only played one game; I've only lost about ten coins so far,\" Vasquez counters, watching as Faraday deals four sets of cards, including Red Harvest in their game. \"That's not all the money you'll lose when I'm through whippin' you boys at poker!\" Faraday gloats, looking at his cards with his famous poker face, but he knows he has a very high chance at winning this hand if the rest of the turn goes in his favor. Vasquez cannot respond, because at that moment Goodnight's and Billy's voices can be heard from the room down the hall as they argue with someone else. \"Mr. Rocks, you need to get back in the bed. Your wounds need to rest or they'll be reopened, and you need rest, too,\" Doc Charles instructs, and Sam can just picture the look that must be on Billy's face at being given a command he does not agree with. \"Perhaps you should be more worried about your more critically injured patients,\" Billy sasses the doctor, walking around the room as he grabs Goodnight's hip flask and then proceeds to drink the remaining brandy from the inside of the flask. \"Hey, Billy, gimme some of that!\" Goodnight asks, holding out his hands as he waits for Billy to throw the flask over. \"You don't need any of that, Mr. Robicheaux. What you do need is to take your medicine and go to sleep now that you've eaten dinner where you can get some rest,\" Doc Charles instructs the Confederate sharpshooter, and Sam laughs from inside Faraday's infirmary room, knowing that his Cajun best friend would not take lightly to the idea of needing sleep over a night of cards or talking until the sun comes up again like they had done twenty years ago when they were coming home from the war and staying at Sam's house with his mother and sisters. \"I don't need anything, sir, except for to breathe, eat, and talk with my good friend Billy Rocks until either he falls asleep or throws a pillow at me and makes me go to sleep because he's being boring,\" Goodnight explains to the doctor, resulting in a chuckle from Billy as the assassin climbs back into his own bed across the room from Goodnight's bed. \"Sam, I think you need to go an' bust that up before Goodnight and Billy hurt the poor doctor,\" Faraday laughs, a yawn overtaking his voice as he finishes the last few words. \"I better. Night, Faraday. Vasquez, the doc will probably come in here and change Faraday's bandages soon, and then you need to get some shut-eye too, vaquero,\" Sam smiles, knowing that Vasquez had fallen asleep at irregular intervals during their time waiting for any word from the doctor. \"Sí. Estoy muy cansado,\" Vasquez agrees with a yawn as he closes his dark brown eyes in addition. \"Well, I'll see y'all in the morning. Red Harvest, are ya comin'?\" Sam responds, starting to walk out the door and then casting his head over his shoulder to look at the young Comanche. \"Coming. Goodnight,\" Red Harvest smiles, walking out of the room behind the duly sworn warrant officer. Faraday can't help but laugh at that before closing his eyes and attempting to fall asleep before the doctor comes in to change his bandages for the night. Doc Charles comes into the room with a rather displeased look on his face after his argument with Billy and Goodnight. Billy Rocks had tried to tell the doctor of Rose Creek how to do his job, a conversation which amused Goodnight to no end as he sat in bed watching them talk back and forth in not so hushed voices. \"I'm finally here. You know, your friends are not the friendliest people towards doctors,\" Doc Charles admits, unsnapping his bag and pulling out fresh bandages from the bag. \"Yes, they're not the best accustomed to getting help,\" Vasquez chuckles softly, not wanting to wake Joshua as this is the quietest Vasquez has ever seen the Irishman and wants to keep it that way where the wounded, impulsive gambler can get some rest after nearly being blown up today by the Gatling gun and by Eyepatch Man's gang of thugs. Doc Charles simply nods before re-wrapping the wounds on Faraday's side, chest, and knee, all while the blue-eyed man remains asleep on the bed, looking the calmest Vasquez has ever seen him, even with a bit of a fever still plaguing him along with the extensive pain. \"I'll be back in two hours to change his bandages where they don't infect the wound,\" the doctor explains quietly to Vasquez, snapping the doctor bag back up before moving to leave the room. \"Oh, and if he wakes up in pain, you can give him a drink or two of brandy to help him go back to sleep. It shouldn't hurt him to just have a few drops on his tongue.\" \"Entiendo. I'll keep an eye on him,\" Vasquez promises, sighing and then leaning back in the chair, almost preparing to get up and head back to his hotel room he had been sharing with Faraday earlier in the week. With that, the doctor walks away and Vasquez prepares to walk out of the room to go and get some sleep of his own since Faraday is calmly sleeping and does not seem to be in any particularly excruciating pain currently. \"Did I hear somebody say something about brandy?\" Faraday whispers, a smile on his face as his light blue eyes open and shine in the moonlight from the window that is open near his bed. \"Thought you were asleep, güero.\" \"I was. The doc woke me up bandagin' my side back up.\" \"Do you need anything before I let you go back to sleep and I go back to the hotel?\" Vasquez asks softly as he moves to close the window upon hearing the wind pick up and rain starting to hit against the ground outside, clearing away all the blood and fire from earlier. \"A drink would be nice,\" he grins again, and Vasquez can't help but pass him the flask. Joshua drinks from the flask before passing it back to Vasquez and allowing the outlaw to do the same. \"Take care of Jack, Vas,\" Joshua instructs, curling his arms around the pillow and preparing to fall into a deep sleep since the day has taken a lot out of him both mentally and physically, though mostly physically. \"We are, Faraday. He's in the room next to you, getting his wounds treated just like you are,\" the Mexican gunslinger assures, not wanting Joshua to think they left a man behind. \"No, not Horne. Horne'll be fine; it's my stallion I'm worried about,\" Joshua laughs, and Vasquez presses the spare pillow over his face as a joke before removing it. \"I'll take care of your horse, güero. Now, shut up and go to sleep where I can get some, too,\" Vasquez sighs, standing up before feeling a slight tug on his hand. \"Stay in here, hermano. I may need someone to get me some more drink later on in the night,\" Faraday softly speaks up, and Vasquez is thoroughly surprised by his word choice. Surely, he didn't know what the word meant. If he did, Vasquez would have made his proclamations of brotherhood louder and more obvious. No, Faraday must just think that it is a teasing word between the two of them like güero is. He shouldn't expect any more from the semi-conscious man. \"I won't leave you, mi hermano. Now, do me a favor and get some sleep,\" Vasquez remarks, listening to the rain coming down outside and nearly falling asleep to the rhythm of the rain hitting the windowpanes. \" 'Kay. Night, Vasquez,\" Faraday yawns, not letting go of the older man's hand, not realizing he still has a hold on it. \"Buenas noches, güero,\" Vasquez whispers before falling asleep himself. With that, the two new best friends and proclaimed brothers fall asleep in the infirmary, neither one thinking about how today almost cost four of the Magnificent Seven their lives. Meanwhile, Billy is trying to convince Goodnight that he needs to go to sleep, but Goodnight is not hearing any of it and is insisting that Billy is the more injured of the two of them. \"You were hit by ten bullets,\" Goodnight remarks nonchalantly, peering over the side of his bed at Billy who is propped up on a pillow on the room's other bed. \"You were hit by eight and fell off a roof to the ground,\" Billy counters, not a hint of humor in his voice. \"You were shot closer to your chest,\" Goodnight tries again, a smirk on his face as his blue eyes twinkle in mischief in the night. \"You broke your leg,\" Billy points out, gesturing to the cast as if to further prove his point. \"You like to tell the doctor how to do his job better,\" Goodnight laughs, though he does his best to make that statement sound as incriminating as possible. \"You're a stubborn patient who refuses to take his medicine or go to sleep.\" \"Touché.\" With that, Billy throws a pillow at Goodnight, nearly toppling the Cajun backwards off the bed, and he has to grip the side of the blanket to keep from falling off onto his bad leg. \"Are you trying to kill me, Billy?\" Goodnight asks in as serious a tone of voice as he can muster while preparing to throw the pillow back at Billy. If only he could see better in the dark, especially with Billy's dark hair blending into the shadows of the night…. \"Go to sleep, Goody,\" Billy commands, just wanting to rest and not wanting to keep hearing Goodnight Robicheaux mumble about who knows what any later in the night than is necessary. \"All right. But, you're in for an earful in the morning, Billy Rocks.\" \"When aren't I?\" Billy mumbles under his breath. \"Hey! I heard that, Billy!\" \"So you do have ears under that hair, then.\" The pillow hits Billy square in the nose and he has to fight all his instincts not to throw his knife into Goody's bed to teach the older man a lesson. But, as long as the Magnificent Seven had one another, they could heal any damage and conquer any foe as sure as the sun shines during the hot, Western days the men have become accustomed to. And as the storm raged on outside, the rain cleaned away the blood from the fields and town, washing it of all its old injuries and strife, allowing for a new seed of hope and recovery to begin blossoming in Rose Creek and within the Magnificent Seven's family. Author's Note: And there's Chapter Two! I hope everyone enjoyed; I tried my best to make this chapter as long as the first one, and I think this one may even be a bit longer. I blame the Seven for making me write; I promise you that they write themselves half the time, because I'll start in one direction and will almost be done and then write three thousand more words. Special thank you's go out to DjDangerLove, Renegade Hero, That Faraday Tho, darth picard, and timeanew for their amazing reviews. I hope to hear more from you; I appreciate the kind words you left me! I hope everyone of you who favorited and followed also enjoyed this chapter as well; I thank each and every one of you reading this story for your support. Well, that's all I have to say for this Author's Note- I'm about to go watch TV with my family- so all that's left to say is thanks for your support and I hope you have a good day, afternoon, or night! Have a good week, my dear readers, and until next time![Chapter 4] Chapter Three: Not Your Ordinary Family Disclaimer: I still only own the OCs because it is safe to say we established that if I actually owned these characters they would all live and we would get this FanFiction as a sequel to the movie. (And I'd probably also do some origin stories for the Magnificent Seven and Emma as well…) But, as we are aware, I do not own any of the magnificent canon characters (See what I did there?) as they all belong to Columbia Pictures. If some games are mentioned in this chapter or further chapters that had not been invented yet, well, call that my creative license. (I couldn't find many games people could play in the 1800s, so I had to improvise a bit with games my family plays or games I learned about on the internet.) Well, with all of the formalities, let us get on with the story, and if there are any more notes, they will be at the end of the chapter! Oh, one last thing! I highly recommend you listen to the song quoted at least one time all the way through before reading the chapter. It sets the tone for the chapter, thus why it is included. \" We are, we are, not your ordinary family, but we can all agree that we are, we are… Close as close can be! Not too close! We are family. So, it don't matter what it looks like, we look perfect to me! We got every kind of love, I feel so lucky indeed. They can keep on talking; it don't matter to me. 'Cause we are, we are family. Family. We are, we are…. HAM AND CHEESE! No! It's we are family! Nah!\" -Ice Age 4 Cast's song \"We Are Family\" The next morning, Vasquez wakes up to the scent of coffee drifting upstairs from the kitchen below. Standing up, being careful not to disturb the still-sleeping Faraday, the outlaw stretches out his muscles, cracking his back to relieve some of the pain caused from sleeping in a chair all night. Faraday remains sleeping in the infirmary bed, light snores escaping blue-eyed gambler's lips every now and then. Deciding that Joshua should remain asleep long enough for him to go downstairs and get a cup of coffee, Vasquez softly walks out the door, stepping quietly enough where his boots don't echo on the floor. The vaquero had enough sense the night before to unclip his gun belt and place it on the nightstand next to Faraday's bed where he wouldn't forget he had it on. That would have been bad if Vasquez had left the gun loaded and it ended going off in the darkness of the night. \"I'll be right back, güero,\" Vasquez whispers once he passes the doorframe, careful not to wake the sleeping gambler in the process. With that, Vasquez sticks his head in the two other doors on the second floor that hold his new friends and brothers in arms. Horne is still asleep, his chest rising and falling as he loudly snores while remaining in a deep sleep. Goodnight remains asleep as well, his foot still propped up on a pillow to cushion his broken limb as it heals. A rather large puddle of drool settles on Goodnight's pillow below his head, as the sharpshooter is famous for keeping his mouth open while he sleeps, a trait he inherited from his late mother. Billy, meanwhile, is sitting cross-legged in his own bed, sharpening one of his prized knives with the skills he has perfected over the years. \"Coffee?\" Vasquez questions softly as he looks in at Billy as the assassin finishes sharpening his knife. \"Please,\" Billy quietly responds with a nod and small smile in the direction of the vaquero. Vasquez grins back, and just his smile could rival the sunlight streaming in from the window; the outlaw is just that thrilled his new family is all alive and healing. Without another word between them, Vasquez nods his head before starting to make his way downstairs, his gun belt jingling as he steps down towards the scent of coffee. Billy goes back to sharpening his knives, enjoying the peace and quiet presented since Goodnight is peacefully asleep for once. The assassin methodically sharpens his blade in a way only he knows, his mind drifting to several different subjects at once, never fully deciding on an exact train of thought. One of the first thoughts that comes to mind is how kind the rest of the Magnificent Seven is, and how they treat him like an equal instead of like trash. The rest of the world could be so cruel sometimes… Billy starts to wonder how exactly he is still alive. He had heard the gunshots fire from his and Goody's rifles as they tried to provide Joshua Faraday with some form of cover. He had heard Goody shout out \"I got him!\" with the excitement and pride one might express when finally learning how to train a horse. He had watched as bullets shattered Goodnight's final word and filled the Confederate soldier with holes. He had seen Goodnight Robicheaux fall backwards off the steeple, hurtling towards the unforgiving ground. He had whispered \"Goody\" with what he thought had been his last breath. He experienced all of that. Hadn't he? With his thoughts all scrambled, Billy decides to just focus on his knives. At least he was certain how the weapons were in his hands and why he needed to keep them sharp. Vasquez spots Emma from across the room, so he clears his throat to catch her attention where she isn't startled by his voice. The fiery redhead spins around, a small smile appearing on her face as she sees who is standing only a few footsteps behind her. \"Good morning, Mr. Vasquez,\" she greets, picking up a mug of coffee and closing the space between them. \"Por favor, no more calling me Mr. Vasquez, Señora Emma,\" Vasquez asks, accepting the mug of coffee as she passes it to him before motioning to one of the tables. \"Only if you agree on one thing,\" Emma challenges, pausing to take a sip of her mug of coffee as she sits down in a chair across from Vasquez. \"And what might that be, señora?\" the gunslinger inquires, setting his coffee down on the table before itching one side of his face with his left hand. \"Don't feel the need to call me Señora Emma,\" Emma Cullen tells him, their eyes locking as they look at one another across the table. \"Just Emma will suffice.\" \"Entiendo,\" Vasquez assures, one eyebrow arching as he catches the scent of something cooking. \"Gracias. The coffee is some of the best I've had,\" he continues before realizing what is cooking. \"Bacon and bread?\" Vasquez inquires in such a way that if a person didn't know the vaquero, he or she may think he is making an observation. \"Yes. Billy tells me that Goodnight loves bread when he's cranky, which is sure to be today since he's going to be confined to bed for six or eight weeks per Doc Charles' orders,\" Emma answers simply, stirring a small bit of cream into her coffee to combat the bitterness. \"Faraday insisted I make him more bacon because he promised he would be a more miserable and more demanding patient if he didn't get any,\" the female gunslinger rolls her eyes, just picturing the smirk Joshua Faraday had on his face when he said he would be miserable. Vasquez can't help but laugh, knowing that is exactly something the blue-eyed gambler would say. Emma's question catches Vasquez off guard and he quickly swallows his sip of coffee where he doesn't spit it out. \"Do you want any special treat for breakfast, Vasquez? The bread is Goodnight's special treat, the bacon's Faraday's; I knew Mr. Chisolm- I mean Sam-\" Emma starts to explain, remembering that the bounty hunter gave her permission to just call him Sam. \"Sam would want coffee. Jack asked for some breakfast potatoes,\" she keeps explaining, only for Vasquez to interrupt with a joke. \"And by Jack, I hope you mean Horne, and not Faraday's horse,\" Vasquez grins widely, showing most of his teeth in the process. \"If the horse starts talking to you, Emma, I would run,\" he heartily laughs, and the sound of his carefree, rumbling laughter carries through the infirmary. Emma can't help but smile at the joke, even though she also rolls her eyes at the vaquero's humor out of reflex. She's used to the joke the people of Rose Creek make, and those are nowhere close to funny and are not as refreshing and sharp like Vasquez' jokes. \"Yes, I meant Jack Horne,\" Emma grins, moving to stand up from the table and head back to finish making breakfast for the Magnificent Seven who risked their lives to save Rose Creek. \"Though I wouldn't put that past that crazy horse of Faraday's. You know, he almost bit Teddy's hand last night when Teddy tried to fill up his oats,\" the redhead smirks, knowing Teddy has never had very good reception from horses in the past. \"Caballo inteligente,\" Vasquez remarks under his breath, not quite sure how much Spanish Emma knows. \"I will go make sure Jack eats,\" the vaquero assures, remembering his promise to Faraday last night that he would take care of the murderous stallion while Joshua Faraday is recovering from his injuries. Vasquez takes another swig from his coffee, knowing that he would need to be wide awake and on his toes in order to make sure Jack didn't try to kill him. Sam walks in, tipping his hat at Emma before sitting down at the table beside Vasquez. \"Mornin',\" Sam greets, accepting a mug of coffee from Emma as she comes back to give Vasquez another mug of coffee to take upstairs to Billy, per the vaquero's sweet request. \"Buenos días, my friend,\" Vasquez returns, stretching his legs out too where they are resting on the chair across the table. \"Good morning, Mr. Chisolm,\" Emma says in a happy tone of voice, wiping her hands on a small rag to get the few drops of cream off her hands. \"Sam,\" the duly sworn warrant officer insists, looking at the young woman over the brim of his hat. \"Just call me Sam, Miss Emma,\" Sam instructs, not wanting the formalities to exists between them during their entire stay in Rose Creek. \"Yes, sir,\" Emma complies, turning her attention back to Vasquez soon after. \"You never answered my question, Vasquez. What do you want for breakfast?\" she questions the vaquero, not noticing the other figure appearing behind her. \"Eh, some eggs if it's not too much trouble, Emma,\" Vasquez finally caves in to her question, not used to anyone going out of his or her way to make him happy. He hadn't been catered to like this since he was a young boy in México with his Mamá. \"It's not any trouble. Has anybody seen—AH!\" Emma shouts upon turning around, seeing Red Harvest standing two paces behind her. \"Red Harvest, you scared me!\" she admits, feeling her heart beating faster than usual. \"Why?\" Red Harvest asks in a gentle tone, rubbing sleep out of his eyes and looking like a sleepy teenager. \"You are scared of me?\" he inquires with a poker face that could rival Joshua Faraday's, but Sam, Emma, and Vasquez pick up on his disappointment. \"No! Never!\" Emma insists, her voice rising as she attempts to make her point. \"You saved my life, Red Harvest; I'm forever thankful for that. You just startled me is all,\" the modern Joan of Arc, as Sam called her, insists, not wanting Red Harvest to feel as if she was terrified of him. \"Good. I am not a bad man,\" Red Harvest assures the three people around him with a small smile. \"We know, Red Harvest. You're a loyal friend,\" Vasquez grins, gently patting the young warrior's shoulder. \"What would you like for breakfast, Red Harvest?\" Emma inquires, knowing Red Harvest is the hardest to please of the Seven. \" Nothing if it's going to be white people's food. If you had berries or meat, maybe I would eat,\" Red Harvest comments in Comanche, a disapproving look on his face. \"What did he say?\" Emma turns to face Sam in confusion. \"He says he doesn't want anything. He's not hungry,\" Sam translates, earning him a scowl of disappointment from Red Harvest. \" You know that is not what I said,\" he simply remarks, crossing his arms over his chest. \" No, but it's nicer than saying the food she makes is for dogs,\" Sam responds to the statement in Comanche, and the bounty hunter and former Union soldier finds himself feeling thankful Emma does not speak Comanche. Vasquez can't help but laugh at the conversation, even though he has no idea what is truly going on. The famous outlaw determines then and there that he would learn Comanche with Red Harvest's help. He knew what it was like to be a non-native English speaker and how easy it is to slip back into Spanish when he is overwhelmed. By the time Emma comes back with a food tray for Billy, Red Harvest has disappeared again, snagging a buttered roll from Sam's plate before he leaves. If there's one food the people of Rose Creek make that Red Harvest loves to no end, it is bread of any kind. The young Comanche warrior gets excited whenever he spots any, and more often than not, he would take bread off of either Faraday's or Goodnight's plates to see if they would say anything. Hey, with the Battle of Rose Creek impending on the Magnificent Seven, it served as comic relief in that week to make Joshua Faraday and Goodnight Robicheaux think they were slowly going crazy. \"Gracias, Emma,\" Vasquez grins, accepting the food tray with two plates on it and smiling even wider upon finding a pile of eggs on his plate, sprinkled with pepper just like his Mamá used to make for him. \"No problem, Vasquez. Now, you better get Billy his coffee before he tracks you down with that knife collection of his,\" Emma jokes with a laugh and a genuine smile as she realizes how happy Vasquez is at receiving his favorite breakfast food. \"Sí. That would be muy mal for my well-being,\" Vasquez shudders, just thinking of how terrifying it would be to have Billy Rocks coming after him with knives. That image would be enough to bring even the strongest and most confident person to his or her knees. Sam can't help but smirk, knowing just how terrifying Billy can be even when just sitting in the infirmary bed. When he has his knives, all bets are off on the lengths Billy would go to ensure his new family is safe and provided for. Vasquez climbs up the stairs to give Billy a cup of coffee where the assassin can get some caffeine in his system before Goodnight Robicheaux wakes up. \"Delivery for Billy Rocks,\" Vasquez jokes, sticking his head in the doorframe, thankful no one shut the door back since his hands are full with a food tray. \"Unless it's something good, take it back,\" Billy jokes in a monotone voice, but his slight smile conveys it is a joke. \"There's coffee,\" Vasquez jokes back in an equally monotone voice. Billy's dark brown eyes light up, and he scoots backwards on the bed to where his back is resting against the headboard. \"Your offering pleases me,\" Billy deadpans, patting the bed gently to offer Vasquez a place to sit. \"Sit,\" the Korean knife-wielder commands in as gentle a tone as he is capable of. Vasquez complies and gently sits on the foot of the bed, not wanting to be responsible for further worsening Billy's wounds. The vaquero then passes the mug of coffee to his brother in arms and places the plate of food within reach of Billy. \"Emma made us a spread of breakfast,\" Vasquez says to try and break the silence between them, but the outlaw lowers his voice upon seeing Goodnight roll over in his sleep in the bed across the room. \"The coffee es muy excelente,\" he compliments Emma's cooking before diving into the plate of eggs, barely remembering to use a fork due to his excitement. Billy simply gives the vaquero a sidelong glance in amusement before he takes a swig of the coffee. \"It is excellent,\" Billy remarks, catching sight of Goodnight starting to briefly stir amidst his sleep. \"Told you,\" Vasquez smirks around a mouthful of breakfast potatoes. Goodnight's body jerks once from its position in his bed, causing Billy to look over in alarm. The Cajun's body stops moving and a peaceful look smooths over his face once more. Vasquez sees Billy visibly relax before the Korean assassin picks up a piece of bread in his hands and begins to eat like there's no tomorrow. They try to keep silent in an effort not to wake Goodnight, and neither Vasquez nor Billy minds it at first. It's a friendly silence, not an awkward one by any means, and Vasquez ends up trading Billy some of his breakfast potatoes to get another serving of the eggs that reminded him of his life back on the hacienda in México. Eventually, however, both men finish with their plates of food, and the silence seems almost deafening to both Billy and Vasquez, save for the occasional snore from Goodnight. Billy Rocks decides that it's as good a time as any to ask the question that has been on his mind all morning. \"How am I not dead?\" The question alone is un-nerving, but the complete desperation and confusion in Billy's voice is almost too much for Vasquez to bear. \"What?\" Vasquez inquires in true confusion, not expecting that question from Billy. He expected it from Goodnight or Faraday, yes, but never from Billy. \"I don't think I understand you, my friend,\" the Mexican outlaw admits, dark brown eyes widening in confusion at the sudden change in tone and conversation. \"Don't play dumb!\" Billy growls under his breath, and Vasquez would be thoroughly terrified now if he didn't think of Billy like a brother at this point. \"I know you are smart. I see you read when no one else is awake at night,\" he continues, softening his voice as his eyes close for a few seconds. \"Just tell me how I am alive when I remember the world going black,\" Billy all but begs, that uncharacteristic desperation back in his voice. \"All right,\" Vasquez starts off, taking a breath before continuing. \"Okay. You win,\" he admits, holding his hands up the way Sam did when presenting him with his own warrant before the Battle of Rose Creek. \"Remember how much work I put into the church?\" Vasquez inquires, mostly rhetorically, but Billy still nods along. \"Sure,\" Billy remarks in his famous monotone voice, not wanting to betray or hide any emotion, Vasquez is unsure which. The vaquero swallows uneasily, not sure how he wants to word the situation. \"I, no, we built up the foundation to be strong. I tell you nothing would get through to the steeple,\" Vasquez reminds the assassin of their plans and how they fortified the church before the seemingly suicidal Battle of Rose Creek. \"There was wood placed along the outside to protect the schoolteacher at first. Then, you and Goodnight came and fought above me,\" the dark-haired gunslinger explains, wanting Billy to know the full story. \"I prayed for us during the last parts of the battle, and mi Mamá y Dios were watching over us together. The wood, it bounced bullets off,\" Vasquez continues, swallowing thickly as he thinks of his mother, the woman who loved him when he lived in México, regardless of what he has done. Oh, the terrible things he has done….. \"Which is why I'm not dead,\" Billy acknowledges, pausing to take a bite of breakfast potatoes. \"Thank you, Vasquez. I'm thankful for your plan,\" he follows up, locking his eyes on Vasquez as the vaquero shifts on the foot of the bed to where his ankle does not continue protesting against him leaning all his weight on it. Even though Vasquez did not injure his ankle, his body is still human and can only absorb so much force per square inch before feeling slightly numb. \"What are brothers for, my friend?\" Vasquez smiles gently, settling for swinging his legs to where they're hanging off the bed. \"I am your brother?\" Billy questions in such an innocent and adorable way that Vasquez knows that Billy, like Faraday, is not used to having others care about him. \"Sí.\" \"Good. You are my brother, too.\" They smile at one another- Billy actually smiles- and then continue to keep eating, Billy looking unnecessarily protective and possessive over his food. A deep, Southern voice suddenly speaks up from the other side of the room, causing Vasquez to look over his shoulder to face the speaker. \"I see how it is. I'm asleep and Billy thinks he can run his mouth a mile a minute. I'm awake and Billy thinks he doesn't need to respond with words,\" Goodnight drowsily quips, his voice rougher than his normal tone due to being thick with recent sleep. (And, most likely, drool that had built up in his mouth as he slept.) \"Traitor,\" he jokes, and Billy moves to grab one of his knives, an action which would terrify most people. But not Goodnight Robicheaux. The excitable, loud-mouth Cajun grins at Billy, and the assassin can't help but sigh. \"You needed rest last night,\" Billy remarks in his straightforward, no-nonsense tone of voice. \"And I was trying to sleep,\" he adds in as an explanation for why he had thrown a pillow at Goodnight last night and told him a knife would be next if Goody didn't let him sleep. Goodnight had gone to sleep directly after that, only too aware that Billy is not one to make anything but a serious threat. \"Then why can Vasquez talk? He's injured, too,\" Goodnight sasses, and if he had been standing up, Billy can imagine that the sharpshooter would have put his hands on his hips in that typical Goodnight Robicheaux defiance angle that he uses around strangers. Goodnight had done a version of such typical hands-on-hip pose when they first came to Rose Creek and he put a hand on his pistol and the rifle to try and intimidate the deputies. \"I may be injured, but at least I don't talk a person's ear off like you do, amigo,\" Vasquez jokes, and Goodnight feigns being insulted by throwing a hand to his chest in mock insult. \"My, my. That was hurtful, son,\" Goodnight gasps, and he has the nerve to click his tongue against the side of his cheek too while looking as smug as ever. \"Well, while you're here, Vasquez, ya mind passin' me one of my books that Sam brought in? I feel like doing some reading when I finish breakfast,\" the sharpshooter questions in a more serious tone, not continuing the fake insult and wounded pride at being told he talks too much. Billy has told him so in numerous instances, in fact, over ten times in the few hours they have been in Rose Creek's infirmary. \"Sure, Goodnight,\" Vasquez smiles, getting one of the books from the dresser across the room, noticing the faded ribbon serving as a bookmark, and the smile tugs at the corner of the Mexican's face as he realizes the handiwork of a dedicated mother when he sees it. \"Merci monsieur,\" Goodnight says in French, and Vasquez has picked up just enough from the Cajun sharpshooter that he at least knows that the sentence means thank you. \"No problema. Can I get you anything-\" Vasquez starts off, only to hear his name being hollered from down the hallway, causing the vaquero to sigh in frustration and run both his hands over his face at the other person's impatience and seemingly worried tone. \"VASQUEZ!\" comes a yell from Joshua Faraday himself as he lies in his bed in the room across the hall, not having enough strength or coordination to get out of the infirmary bed where he is injured. Vasquez doesn't answer, putting his right index finger over his lips as a silent beg to Billy and Goodnight not to give away his position. Goodnight, the overgrown child he is, replies by making a zipping motion over his own lips and then pretending to throw the key to Billy, and both Billy and Vasquez have to restrain themselves from facepalming right then and there. \"Vas, I know you hear me!\" Joshua yells from his room, wondering where exactly the vaquero could be that he hasn't gotten annoyed or become aware of his shouting from the other room. The Mexican gunslinger still does not answer, instead he opts for resting against the dresser in Goodnight and Billy's infirmary room while both the injured men smirk from their respective beds. It's much too early for all of this yelling; the sun is barely even rising in the sky, and already Faraday is getting on his nerves. Already. Sam would owe him for this, too. \"VAS! VAS, I'M HUNGRY AND NO ONE HAS BROUGHT ME FOOD!\" Faraday continues yelling, honestly debating in his head if he could stand up if he really wanted to and walk down the stairs to head for the smell of breakfast and coffee. Nah, he decides. He couldn't get out of bed right now by himself even if he really does want that heavenly bacon that he can smell from upstairs. But, if he could…. Joshua Faraday would be downstairs in an instant, snapping up all that bacon onto his plate faster than a bear catching fish in the river. What? The man loves him some home-cooked breakfast, especially if said breakfast contains some nice, crunchy bacon. It's easily his favorite breakfast food. \"YA VOY, GÜERO!\" Vasquez shouts back in an equally forceful and loud voice, and he honestly starts to hope that Jack Horne is already awake. If the mountain man had been asleep and was awoken by the outlaw and the gambler's arguing, then it was sure to be a nightmare for both of the younger gunslingers if the bear in people's clothes ever got ahold of them. \"I HOPE THAT MEANS YOU'RE COMIN', VASQUEZ!\" Vasquez just stalks off across the hallway, receiving a hearty chuckle from Goodnight and an eye roll from Emma as the fiery redhead comes into the room Billy and Goodnight are recovering in with a tray of food for Goodnight. \"Merci, mon cher,\" Goodnight smiles, and Emma can't help but smile back, knowing that Goodnight uses the French word for dear more so as a term of endearment for her as a sister of sorts. Goodnight hasn't been around a young woman so close in age to his and Sam's sisters in so long, and he wasn't going to ruin his relationship with the first one he has had the pleasure of meeting. The only difference between Sam and Goodnight's sisters' fates is that both of Sam's sisters died tragically because of Bogue while Goodnight's younger sister- who would also be around Emma's age- had been sent up north during the Civil War to a school where she could finish up school as a well-respected lady as Goodnight's own mother had been raised. Adalicia Robicheaux is about three years older than Emma, and she is about eight years younger than Goodnight, making her a young woman of around thirty-one almost thirty-two years of age. After the war was over, Adalicia had married a Union general- one that Sam actually fought side by side with and deemed a good man when the concerned twenty-seven old Goodnight had questioned Sam mercilessly about. Goodnight would never be embarrassed by his questioning of his sister's fiancé before she married him; he is very protective over his only sibling and Goodnight would easily go to the ends of the Earth for her. The last he had heard about Adalicia was that she had welcomed her and Jacob Anderson's first child, a baby boy that they named William after Goodnight and Adalicia's grandfather that died at the Alamo, probably by Vasquez' grandfather's hands. Now, while the Confederate soldier isn't one hundred percent sure if Vasquez' grandfather had ever killed William Robicheaux, he is sure that seven years ago a baby boy with bright blue eyes and light brown hair not unlike Goodnight's own had been was born in Maine. Looking at Emma's smile and her easy disposition around men that had most townspeople - prejudiced scum that were put on edge by people such as Vasquez, Red Harvest, Billy, and Sam- scurrying away or reaching for their guns reminds Goodnight of how his sister had been when she still lived with and wrote letters to Goodnight. Emma simply nods at Goodnight before taking Billy's empty tray of food and coffee mug and beginning to carry it down the stairs where she can get a tray of food for Faraday since she heard the gambler yelling at Vasquez that no one brought him food yet. Then again, the blue-eyed gambler had threatened to be a miserable patient if he didn't get any bacon, so his complaints were to be expected. Vasquez enters Joshua's room, his gun-belt and spurs of boots jingling as he stops in the doorway, a sigh escaping his lips as he looks at how innocent Joshua looks, propped up on a pillow against the headboard. \"What's that mad face for, muchacho?\" Faraday grins, and Vasquez has to resist the urge to smack the facial expression off the younger man's face. \"Hope your face don't freeze like that. It wouldn't be an attractive thing for the ladies to look at like that,\" the gambler teases, drawing attention to the deep frown and annoyed look that Vasquez has on his face that challenges the güero's calm and joking behavior. \"You are starting to annoy, güero,\" Vasquez simply remarks, stepping into the room and crossing his way over the floor until he reaches the bed where Faraday is resting his injuries. \"Why, Vas, I never annoy anyone,\" Faraday feigns insult much like Goodnight had done earlier when the vaquero was in his room. \"Wherever did you learn how to lie so terribly?\" Vasquez laughs his carefree laughter, a smirk on his face as he sits down in the chair next to Faraday's bed before picking up the spare pillow that Faraday must have knocked off the bed during his sleep or thrashing around trying to sit up on his own. \"You annoy more people than you know how to count,\" the outlaw teases, leaning back in the chair and looking outside to see the sunlight streaming in through the window behind Faraday's head. Instead of answering Vasquez' jest, Faraday diverts the attention to a new matter entirely, as has been his way of survival all these years on his own when someone begins to suspect something is up or they try to call him out. \"Where, may I ask, is my coffee?\" Joshua inquires, eyes shining bright as he takes in a long inhale to the scent of coffee from directly across the hall where Vasquez and Billy had coffee not more than twenty minutes ago. \"I like to start my day with a cup of coffee,\" the gambler announces in that overly cocky and slightly annoying tone of voice he uses when he is trying to get on someone's nerves the fastest way he knows how. \"Of course you do,\" Vasquez mumbles under his breath, realizing that Faraday can never make anything simple for once. At that moment, Emma comes into Faraday's room with a tray of breakfast food with enough bacon to feed a small army and a cup of coffee on the tray as well. \" Bless her,\" Vasquez thinks to himself, as he realizes that he will not have to walk downstairs for a second time just to get the loud-mouth man that is Joshua Faraday a cup of coffee. \"Here ya are, Faraday,\" Emma says as she sits the tray down on the bed before she starts to head for the door, only to be stopped by two voices overlapping at once. \"Thanks, Emma! At least someone won't let me starve,\" Joshua remarks in a kind and also mocking tone of voice as he looks pointedly at Vasquez, not realizing that he said nearly the same words to Sam the night before when Sam and Red Harvest brought the gambler and outlaw dinner upstairs the night before. \"Emma, I can offer any help you or the others may need. I grew up on an hacienda, so if there are any crops needing to be planted, I can…\" Vasquez starts off, choosing to ignore Faraday's statement. Mostly. The vaquero rolls his dark brown eyes in annoyance while waiting on an answer from Emma, not wanting to hear Faraday's bad jokes and complaints that are sure to be innumerable while the restless cowboy is healing enough to where he can be up on his feet once more. \"That would be a great help, Vasquez. We can start as soon as Faraday finishes eating. Someone should watch over him in case he needs anything,\" Emma thanks, grabbing the water pitcher from the dresser on her way out to fill it back up for Faraday before she and Vasquez go out into the fields to replant the crops that had been trampled by horses or burned during the Battle of Rose Creek. \"Sounds good. I'll be outside in about… how fast do you eat, güero?\" Vasquez gets distracted, realizing that he has never really seen or chosen to remember how fast any of the Magnificent Seven eat on a regular basis. No, Vasquez takes that back. It takes Red Harvest less than thirty seconds, because he takes thirty seconds to deny whatever food is being offered to him, with the exception of the bread he has taken from others' plates. The others, well, they all ate in the hotel's dining room, and most of that time had been filled with joking, drinking, and swapping stories to prevent having to think of the horrible consequences the Battle of Rose Creek could have had. Those first nights in Rose Creek dinner seemed to last for hours, especially the one on the night when Goodnight decided to leave before he decided to heroically ride into town, his war cry splitting the air with such a force that anyone in his or her right mind would be thoroughly terrified. \"If I'm hungry like I am now, this whole plate will be gone in five minutes,\" Faraday replies around a mouthful of bread as he moves to pick up a few breakfast potatoes with his fork in his right hand. \"Then I'll meet you outside in fifteen minutes, Emma,\" Vasquez finally decides, and Emma nods before slipping out of the room to check on Jack, Billy, and Goodnight. Faraday keeps eating, barely taking his eyes off the plate as he bites into his fourth piece of bacon, not bothering to even make conversation with Vasquez when bacon is involved. \"You're welcome,\" Vasquez says once Emma is out of earshot of the room and he cannot stand hearing just his and Faraday's breathing in addition to the crunch of the bacon as Joshua bites into it. \"For what?\" Faraday inquires, swallowing a drink of coffee before he looks up at Vasquez, his eyes locking on to those of the slightly older man. \"Saving your life,\" Vasquez deadpans, thinking back to yesterday and how Joshua Faraday nearly blew himself up trying to take out the Gatling gun on the hill. \"You did do that, didn't ya?\" Joshua questions in blurred confusion, not really remembering much of last night after he woke up in the hospital, which is a better alternative to blowing himself up any day of the week. \"Sí. Do you remember any of last night?\" Vasquez asks gently, just wanting to know how much he needs to fill the gambler in on the details. \" I 'member I got stitches,\" Josh slurs from either sleep or pain, it is not apparent which as the lighter-haired cowboy yawns and winces in pain at the exact same time. \"That really hurt,\" he whines gently, letting his head fall back against the pillow as a thin line of sweat gleams on his forehead from the receding fever. One of the nurses who came to change Faraday's bandages during the night last night had told Vasquez that the fever should leave by later today. If it didn't, then Faraday would need immediate medical attention to see if he has an infection or if he has another medical problem, such as another bullet that someone might have missed. Although, the famous vaquero does not seriously believe it could be the latter since Red Harvest was the one who had stitched Joshua back together again, and the young Comanche warrior would not miss such a crucial detail. Vasquez is sure that it is just the shock at almost getting blown up coupled with the blood loss that is causing Faraday's fever, nothing more, nothing less. \"Bueno. Last night you kept trying to pull them open, güero,\" Vasquez softly says, pulling the spare pillow behind Faraday's head where the gambler can have a bit of elevation and hopefully a bit more comfort where he does not roll over and try and rip open his injured side. \"Last night you were so jumpy and almost broke them open muchos tiempos,\" he honestly tells his best friend, remembering how many times during that night that he had to press his hands against Joshua's wrists just to keep the Irishman from causing even worse permanent damage to his right side. He's just glad that finally exhaustion had claimed Joshua Faraday last night and that the usually drunk Irishman had fallen asleep with a bit of aid from whiskey and brandy as pain relievers. Faraday smiles a little at the memory of last night, not feeling too proud that he had given Vasquez such a hard time, but proud he had been strong enough to put up a fight and thankful that Vasquez de la Vega had remained by his side to make sure that he didn't injure himself further. \"Gracias for your help, Vas,\" Faraday grins, knowing at least that much Spanish. \"I appreciate your loyalty towards me and how ya saved my life. How did you, by the way?\" Joshua thanks with a twinkle in his eyes as he realizes that without his best friend's help that he would be a dead man like all the townspeople and Bogue's men that still needed to be buried. \"You don't remember a thing, do you?\" Vasquez says aloud, though he mostly means for himself to hear the words out loud just to know he is talking to the man in front of him. \"You used a stick of dynamite to blow up the Gatling gun, güero. I rode after you when I heard your stupid plan-\" \"It wasn't stupid, Vas.\" \"Sí, it was. Now, cállate, por favor, and I tell you how it happened,\" Vasquez instructs, ready to remind the gambler how his life was saved yesterday. \"I rode up behind you with Goodnight and Billy offering us cover from the steeple- they're in the room across the hall if you forgot that,\" the Mexican gunslinger starts off once more before being cut off by Faraday once again. \"I remember that much. And Horne has the room next to mine,\" he says to tell Vasquez how much he actually does remember. \"Selective memory, eh, güero?\" Vasquez quips, and Faraday lightly smacks him on the arm, working to preserve his strength. \"Well, I came up on a horse and pulled you on the saddle in front of me, but you still had that dynamite in your hand like an idiota. Finally you threw it before it blew up, but we had to ride the shock and you passed out after I told you I was going to bring you to the medico,\" Vasquez finishes the tale for Faraday, wanting to let it all sink in for the gambler. \"Dang. I didn't realize how much I was leavin' to chance, there. I thought I died, Vas,\" Faraday admits, looking every bit like his pale eyes may widen with tears at any second. \"I thought I died. I thought I was a goner, and I'd never even get to tell you guys what a pleasure it was to meet all of ya and have people who cared about me,\" Josh breaks down, a few tears in his green-blue eyes, but they do not spill just yet. \"Thought I'd never get to tell Jack goodbye and thank him for bein' such a loyal friend and horse over the years. Thought I'd never learn what in the heck that güero word means,\" he continues, only to be interrupted by Vasquez. \"You'll never find out what güero means from me, hermano,\" Vasquez chuckles in that deep, warm way of his that can instantly lighten any mood. \"But, I understand your pain.\" \"You do?\" \"Mm-hmm. I haven't had someone to care about me since I lived in México with mi Mamá, and now I found the six of you to be brothers and Emma is like a sister to all of us. I couldn't bear thinking that we wouldn't be able to say goodbye.\" Joshua swallows and looks up at Vasquez to see that the vaquero is smiling slightly like one would to a younger sibling or another family member, and Joshua Faraday can only remember his mother and grandmother ever looking at him like that. Maybe it's something all families do, and maybe he's found that new family here with Vasquez, Sam, Horne, Red Harvest, Billy, Goodnight, Emma, and of course Jack the stallion would never leave him. As far as families go, he's glad he was adopted into this one, no matter how strange their family may appear to outsiders or prejudiced people in other towns who don't like Native Americans, or Koreans, or Mexicans. But to Faraday and the rest of the Magnificent Seven, they would not trade any one member of their team and family for anyone else in the world. And if anyone had anything to say about their family, well, let's just say they would be greeted with no less than seven guns, a bow and arrows, a tomahawk or two, a hatchet, an axe, and plenty of freshly sharpened knives. The only people that get to make fun of or threaten anyone in the Magnificent Seven are the Magnificent Seven themselves. Particularly in the cases of Vasquez and Faraday as well as Goodnight and Billy who acted like actual brothers instead of just honorary and sort of adopted brothers. They sit there for a little bit, Joshua shuffling his new deck of cards Vasquez got him between his hands, and Vasquez focuses his attention on straightening up the nightstand near Faraday's bed where maybe Emma would have enough room to sit the water pitcher and a cup where Faraday can pour himself a glass of water while the others are outside fixing the town, planting more crops, and burying the dead that perished during the fight against Bart Bogue, the robber baron. And, then, like usual, Joshua Faraday has to break the silence as he gets bored not hearing any noise other than the shuffling of his card deck. \"Hey, Vas,\" Faraday starts off the conversation, catching Vasquez' attention with the start of no doubt another request before the vaquero goes to help Emma. \"¿Sí, güero?\" Vasquez inquires, finishes rearranging the nightstand's contents and finding himself wondering what the gambler has on his mind. \"This is gonna be mighty awkward, but…\" Joshua Faraday trails off, his emerald/blue eyes darting around the room. Silence. Vasquez isn't sure how to respond to that. More silence. What exactly could he need that would be awkward? Even more silence. The waiting is more awkward than the request, Vasquez thinks. \"I need to go to the bathroom,\" Faraday announces sheepishly, breathing in deeply as Vasquez looks at him in confusion. \"Okay,\" Vasquez deadpans, not seeing how that is awkward. The vaquero isn't stupid; he's aware that going to the bathroom is just as much a part of nature as eating and breathing. \"Okay?\" Faraday demands in a confused louder tone than his previous statement. \"That's all you have to say, Vasquez?\" he questions, shifting slightly in the bed, taking care not to tear his stitches in the process. \"You know where the outhouse is güero,\" Vasquez reminds, fishing for a cigar in his vest pocket in the process. \"In case you've forgotten, Vas, I can't walk,\" Faraday brings up with just a little more spite and anger than he had intended while reminding the vaquero of his shot kneecap. \"Sí, I remember. Which would mean-\"Vasquez trails off before realization dawns on all his facial features. \"Oh!\" he exclaims, mentally kicking himself for not realizing Faraday could not walk sooner. \"Yeah, oh!\" Joshua all but shouts, trying his best to push himself up where he could try to get up and go to the outhouse. However, the gambler pretty much falls ungracefully back onto his back, his arms giving out due to the strain of the bandages where the bullets had been just mere hours ago. \"Would you like some help?\" Vasquez offers, standing up from the chair before leaning over Faraday to try and give him some support and another leg to lean on. \"If you'd be so kind, muchacho,\" Faraday admits to needing help, shivering a bit as a draft in the room chills his still bare torso. Doc Charles hadn't thought Joshua Faraday needed to ruin another shirt and vest if his side or chest started bleeding again. The impulsive Irishman's pants could be worn for a few more days; they unfortunately had a patch and streak of blood trailing down the right leg, most likely a side effect of being shot in the kneecap. \"Of course, hermano,\" Vasquez softly assures, gently wrapping one hand around Faraday's wrist and using the other hand to push up equally as gently on Faraday's back to bring the injured gambler to a sitting position. \"Stop usin' words I don't know, Vas!\" Faraday laughs good-naturedly, even though his leg is protesting heavily as Vasquez manages to get him standing up, though mostly the usually drunk Irishman is leaning heavily on the Mexican gunslinger as they just stand in place. \"Learn Spanish then, Faraday,\" Vasquez teases with that deep, rumbling laughter following not long after. \"Steady,\" he whispers, wrapping an arm around Faraday's back and shoulders to keep the weight off the critically injured knee. Vasquez starts to seriously wonder if Joshua Faraday would ever regain the mobility he once had in his right leg. The vaquero hopes with all of his heart; he would never forgive himself if Faraday could never walk without assistance again. He could have swooped Faraday onto the horse sooner and saved the güero's leg….. \"Nah. Too much work,\" Joshua smirks, and the joke snaps Vasquez back to reality, making him remember he had suggested Faraday should learn Spanish. \"Ay, yi, yi,\" Vasquez sighs, but then decides he can use conversation to keep Faraday's mind off the pain as they prepare to move towards the door. \"It's a wonder you ever learned English, güero,\" the darker-haired gunslinger jokes, taking two steps with Josh following in step with him, pressing most of his weight against Vasquez or on his uninjured leg. \"I almost didn't, ya know,\" the blue-eyed gambler reveals, wincing in pain at the sudden explosion of pain in his right knee and thigh. \"Really? No creo. Why?\" Vas asks in genuine curiosity and hopefully to keep Faraday from screaming out in pain as they continue to head for the threshold of the room. So far, so good. It takes Faraday a little bit longer to answer this time, as the master gambler grits his teeth and focuses mainly on staying upright. \"My mama spoke a lot of Gaelic while I was growin' up,\" Faraday reveals, thinking back to his childhood where his emerald-eyed, fiery haired mother would teach him to speak the language her parents and grandparents taught her at young Joshua's age. \"That's why I can't read very much English worth a lick,\" Joshua smiles fondly at the memories of his mother- Mary Faraday- and how most of the Gaelic words she taught him had been lost in his years of wandering from town to town after her death when Josh was eighteen. Mary Faraday had been more focused on if her son could write and talk than she was on if her son could write and talk than she was on if he could read. That's not to say the gambler's mother hadn't cared if Joshua could read; she had assumed the boy's school taught him that skill. The teachers didn't, and by the time Mary found that out, Joshua was ten and had started helping his grandfather around the apple orchard. It was only a year later that Mary's health began to slowly deteriorate and she didn't have enough energy most days to teach the boisterous Joshua Christopher Faraday how to read when he couldn't sit still for more than five minutes. \"I can help you learn to read, güero,\" Vasquez offers almost too quietly, and the gambler finds himself turning his head slightly to look at the vaquero who is still helping him out of the room. \"Honestly?\" \"Sí. Pero, necesitas mucho tiempo y paciente.\" \"One language at a time, Vas,\" Faraday requests as a joke as he almost knocks over an end table in the process. He would definitely be glad when his leg is healed enough in a few weeks where he would at least have some basic coordination back. However, Faraday also is aware that he would always have problems with his shot knee, making it uncomfortable for him to walk long distances on foot, especially over rocky ground or uneven ground. \"I said you will need a lot of time and patience,\" Vasquez translates, righting the end table before taking the first step into the hallway with Faraday beside him. \"I got plenty o' time to kill since I'm gonna be cooped up in bed for six or eight weeks waitin' on my leg to heal,\" Joshua Faraday admits as a sigh overcomes his lips as he thinks of the negative repercussions his plan for taking out the Gatling gun had on his own body. He could have died, would have died, if not for Vasquez' quick reflexes and Goodnight and Billy providing cover for the two of them up in the steeple. Everything anyone had ever said about Faraday's plans were true; they are crazy, impulsive, life-threatening, and often half-baked that Faraday didn't bother thinking about long-term consequences. He just wanted results right then and there. It was definitely one of the few character flaws he would ever admit he had. And even then, he had only admitted such a character flaw to Jack, because the wild stallion could never judge his handler and best human friend in the world. Besides, a horse couldn't go around spilling secrets to others the way a man, woman, or child could. \"And patience?\" Vasquez inquires with a grin playing at his lips as they begin their descent down the staircase to head for the outhouse, a mission which is taking far longer than it would in normal conditions. \"Well, patience ain't exactly one of my virtues, but I can try,\" Faraday smirks, and somehow his joking with Vasquez makes all the pain momentarily subside. Joshua realizes for the first time in his life, he has a best friend, one that treats him like a brother. And then, after this thought, he starts to take a stab in the dark about what the word hermano must mean. Maybe the gambler knows more Spanish than he gives himself credit for. \"Bueno. I still learn English through books now, so I learn with you, güero,\" Vasquez admits, thinking to how Billy had caught him reading books when the vaquero thought everyone else was sleeping for the night. He has been teaching himself English through books, but there are still a few things he feels he needs to learn in order to sound more fluent, and Vasquez is all for learning new vocabulary and more American sayings. \"We gonna be classmates, Vasquez?\" Faraday jokes with that same smirk on his face, lips opening in a smile as he shows off his teeth, and Vasquez can't help but roll his dark brown eyes at the Irishman. \"Cállate before I push you down the stairs,\" he playfully threatens, but he makes this remark in an almost deadpan voice, so it could be interpreted as either a playful jest or an actual threat depending on how Faraday views the situation. \"Fair enough,\" the blue-eyed gambler concedes, taking the steps as slowly as Vasquez allows him, and once again he thinks of how grateful he is to have this much help, to have a group of friends who treat him like family after only knowing him for a bare week. They reach the bottom of the stairs and then head to the outhouse where Faraday can complete the task that made him get out of bed in the first place. On their way back towards the infirmary, Vasquez and Faraday see Red Harvest coming from the stables on the back of his mare Little Creek. \"Where ya off to, Red?\" Faraday calls out, and Red Harvest gives a soft command in Comanche to his dappled mare to get her to stop in place. Red Harvest turns around on the horse's back, thankful that he does not have to worry about the limited mobility of a saddle like the other six of the Magnificent Seven have to. \"I hunt,\" Red Harvest answers back simply, drawing attention to the bow and arrows slung over his back as the young Comanche warrior prepares to head out into the woods and hunt some smaller game such as rabbits and maybe even a few foul if he could find any birds in the forest surrounding Rose Creek. \"For the men, women, and children of town?\" Vasquez asks, knowing that Red Harvest had enough of his own food stock to last a few days since the young warrior came back with a deer the night before which he took great care in rationing out for a few days and nights of meals. \"Yes. Winter comes,\" Red Harvest comments as he looks up to the sky, noticing the thick clouds that have moved off into the near distance after the heavy rainstorm from last night. \"I hunt for meat and return,\" the Comanche assures, not wanting the outlaw and gambler to think he was going to run away into the woods and never come back again. \"That's mighty thoughtful of ya, Red,\" Faraday says with a small smile, thinking of just how vastly different Red Harvest is from all the stories he had ever heard about Native American tribes growing up in the South. \"Sí. I'm sure they will appreciate your work, amigo,\" Vasquez adds in his praises, wanting to make sure Red Harvest know that even if the townspeople of Rose Creek never thanked him for his work that it was none the less greatly appreciated. It seems to the outlaw some days that everyone in town other than Emma, Teddy, and the Preacher that no one seems to know all of the Magnificent Seven's names and mostly ever only talk about \"Sam Chisolm and his men\". \"I have decided to stay,\" Red Harvest announces, a bit of an accent on his English, but the young warrior none the less communicates well in English regardless of it not being his first language. \"Really?\" Vasquez questions, not expecting the young Comanche to just up and leave his tribe and way of life for a permanent or extended amount of time. He hadn't really been able to understand Red Harvest's first conversation with Sam because it was in Comanche, so that may have caused the Mexican gunslinger to miss a few crucial details he needs to know about the warrior and youngest member of the Magnificent Seven. \"For a time,\" the Comanche amends his previous statement, but that just causes more confusion amongst his two brothers in arms as they are not quite sure what the \"for a time\" extension is supposed to mean. \"What do ya mean?\" Faraday inquires, face turning into one of confusion, one of his eyebrows rising higher on his forehead and closer to his hairline. \"I don't like towns. Too trapped,\" Red Harvest admits simply, as if the answer is the most obvious in the world as he pets Little Creek's neck with one hand, causing the grey mare to nicker softly. \"So, you're like Jack then,\" the gambler connects the two more solitary members of the Magnificent Seven to one another, at least that's who Vasquez is assuming Faraday is speaking about. Surely the Irishman wouldn't be comparing Red Harvest's idea of freedom and security to that of a horse. Vasquez knows that the güero has an unbreakable bond with the stallion, but surely he would compare Red Harvest to the horse that has killed men before and just so happens to share a name with Jack Horne. If that isn't a coincidence or some form of the world playing a joke on them, then Vasquez isn't sure what would be. \"Yes. I am wild at heart,\" Red Harvest admits, thinking of what the elders told him when they told him his path is different and that he must go into the world to find said path and connect his destiny with that of others like him. \"I need space and nature,\" the young warrior explains, feeling the wind carry through his black hair and around his face and neck. Off in the distance, birds chirp and the Comanche can almost be certain he hears an elk calling in the nearby area in one of the forests surrounding Rose Creek. \"But, will you stay with us, Red Harvest?\" Vasquez gently poses the question, wondering if their chance to befriend and accept the Comanche into the group has come and gone and they wouldn't have been able to gain the young man as a friend, ally, and close brother. \"Yes. I will,\" he answers back, smiling gently as he begins to kick his heels lightly against Little Creek's flanks to get his trustworthy mare to begin her path towards the woods where he could go hunting. \"How long?\" Faraday decides it's his turn to ask a question, and he winces slightly in pain as his wounded leg starts to buckle under him and almost flings him to the ground if it was not for Vasquez offering him a steady shoulder to lean on. \"You need more rest, güero,\" Vasquez softly comments, wanting to wrap up the conversation where he could make sure Joshua Faraday makes it back upstairs before the vaquero has to go and help Emma out in the fields like he had promised probably close to the time he told her he would be outside. \" 'm fine,\" Joshua argues, leaving out the I in the sentence as he sinks his teeth into his own lips to keep from screaming in anguish as he leg begins to torment him the longer he stands up like this. He's going to need some serious physical therapy if he ever wants to be able to walk out of Rose Creek on his own two feet without having to need Vasquez' arms wrapped around his back and shoulders like this. Not that he isn't grateful for the vaquero's help, because he is, but Joshua has never been one to depend on others to do something for him, and he thinks he should be able to do something as simple as walk on his own. \"Forever if I may,\" the youngest member of the Magnificent Seven answers the question Faraday had given him not more than forty-five seconds ago, though to Joshua's aching leg, that question feels like it came hours ago. \"Well, that sounds just great, Red Harvest,\" Sam's voice startles both Vasquez and Faraday in varying degrees as Vasquez places one hand on one of his guns while Faraday narrows his eyes and looks around for a threat, only to come face to face with Sam. \"Faraday, shouldn't ya be in bed?\" Sam remarks in that fatherly, no-nonsense tone that Goodnight Robicheaux has had to hear almost every day he and Sam have journeyed together since the day they met after the Civil War was over. The others, especially Faraday, are not used to this tone of voice yet, so of course Faraday has to come up with one of those sarcastic and witty comebacks he is famous for giving as a response. \"Needed to visit the outhouse, Sam,\" Faraday fixes Sam with a smirk, and the duly sworn warrant officer doesn't look amused one bit, and Joshua finds himself wondering just what exactly it takes to make Sam Chisolm laugh. \"Well, you best get upstairs and get some rest, especially for that leg 'fore I drag you upstairs myself and send Billy to watch you and make sure you actually do rest,\" Sam threatens with a glint in his eyes and a small smile playing at the bounty hunter's lips. Faraday shudders at that image of having Billy as his babysitter of sorts instead of Vasquez, and just that image is enough to send shivers up anyone's spine. Having a knife-wielding assassin watching over you is not the kind of medical help Joshua Faraday would consider to be helpful or put someone's mind at ease as he or she is supposed to be healing. \"Come on, muchacho. I got a bit of a nap to catch up on,\" Faraday jokes, though Vasquez is aware of the pain in the gambler's leg as he seems to wince or hop any second even just a fraction of his body weight is placed on the shot limb. \"Bueno. I'll see you at dinner later, Sam. Red Harvest, buena suerte on your hunt,\" Vasquez responds gently, turning slowly on his heel in order to begin leading the wounded Irishman back upstairs to the infirmary room. Red Harvest offers a nod while Sam gives a tip of his black Stetson and both the warrior and warrant officer head their separate ways to either hunt or help repair the town. Footsteps echo on the stairs near Billy and Goodnight's infirmary room, and Billy rolls his eyes at the sudden loud noise. What good is a place for resting when he can't get any actual rest? Between having to share a room with the ever-talkative Goodnight- who is currently going off on a rant on how no one understands the fine works of Shakespeare, Charles Dickens, or Ralph Waldo Emerson to name a few authors- and then the constant influx of doctors, nurses, and the very loud and undeniably clear rants and banters between Vasquez and Faraday at all hours of the night, Billy is not sure how much rest he has actually gotten in comparison to just simply shutting his eyes and pretending to sleep. \"Who is it?\" Billy whispers, throwing Goodnight off his rant on why the people of Rose Creek should read and appreciate the works of Ralph Waldo Emerson and how when his leg starts to heal up, he is going to stand in the middle of town and begin reciting Shakespeare where the children could get a start to a formal education like the one Goodnight received in New Orleans. Billy knows he'll have to hear how it was downright disrespectful for him to interrupt Goodnight's speech when he was talking this passionately about the great literature of the authors he has grown up with and grown to love. Goodnight, being closer to the door than Billy is, sticks his head as far as he can to try and see outside the door into the hallway to do some spying for himself and Billy. \"Teddy,\" Goodnight whispers, an almost unreadable expression on his face as Billy has to restrain from groaning and throwing something across the room. As it is, Billy rolls his dark brown eyes as he thinks of the associate Teddy Q. that seemed to follow Emma everywhere like some sort of shadow or very sad animal of sorts. \"Tell him I'm sleeping,\" Billy begs, not wanting to talk to anyone right now, especially not the usually awkward and downright annoying to the assassin for more personal reasons than anything else. The farmer by the name of Teddy Q. had abandoned Billy's knife class after all. Billy forgives no one who abandons his knife classes. Especially not his Knife 101 class that had been toned down just for the beginners in Rose Creek. Amateurs. \"Billy, you're not sleeping,\" Goodnight deadpans, not seeing why Billy is stating something as untrue as that statement he made. \"Pretend I am. If you were quiet, Goody, I could be,\" Billy sasses, closing his eyes as he hears Teddy's loud footsteps getting closer. \"I'm not going to lie to the boy, Billy!\" \"Please? Just this once!\" Billy shuts his eyes quickly, hearing Teddy start to enter the room, rather loudly Billy might add. \"I thought y'all might be hungry,\" Teddy speaks up as he fumbles into the room over towards Billy's bed, and Billy feels as if the world must hate him right now since Teddy, accident prone Teddy, is carrying a tray of glass and food over the bed. What a horrifying thought, indeed. \"You were wrong,\" Billy says in a deadpan, expressionless voice that Teddy has had the fortune of only hearing this tone of voice. He couldn't pretend to sleep when the possibility existed that Teddy could spill food and drink all over him and make him even more miserable. \"I'm hungry, Teddy,\" Goodnight speaks up, relieving Billy of having to talk to Teddy since it's clear the assassin cannot stand talking to the gentleman caller of Emma Cullen. \"You just ate four pieces of bread and some breakfast potatoes, Goody,\" Billy reminds, one eyebrow raising as he looks at his best friend. \"I'm always in the mood for more bread, Billy. You should know this about me.\" Teddy just stands there awkwardly, not sure whose orders he should follow: Billy's or Goodnight's. Both have strong opinions, and both would be terrible men to wrong in fear that they may have some form of retaliation. \"Fine. Give him the bread and then leave, Teddy. I need to sleep.\" Teddy complies and then leaves the room, leaving Goodnight eating his new bread rolls happily as Billy just sighs in relief and prepares to actually go to sleep for a change since he has been cooped up in the infirmary with nothing of interest to do other than listen to Goodnight ramble on about who knows what half the time and they receive visits from Sam, Vasquez, Red Harvest, and Emma from time to time when they are not busy fixing the town, caring to others' injuries- such as Faraday's more extreme ones- or sleeping and taking care of themselves. \"There was no need to be rude, Billy,\" Goodnight scolds gently, clicking his tongue against the inside of his cheek while taking another bite of bread in process. \"What did poor Teddy Q. ever do to deserve the wrath of Billy Rocks?\" the sharpshooter jokes, and Billy glares at him from his bed across the room. \"He abandoned my knife class,\" Billy simply states, curling his arms around a pillow and sinking down into the blanket and sheets to prepare to take a nap since Goodnight would no doubt continue on his literature rant or read the book Vasquez had taken from the table for the Cajun earlier in the morning. \"Fair enough of a reason, then,\" Goody smirks, and Billy makes an affirming noise that means he is glad Goodnight sees it his way and not in favor of Teddy Q. With that, Goodnight turns his attention to reading while Billy takes a catnap since Goodnight had been up nearly half the night trying to convince Billy that the Korean had worse wounds and that Billy and the others should not worry about him so much, regardless of his broken foot. Billy didn't understand why Goodnight was so averse to others helping them, especially when said others contained Sam and Billy. Night falls on Rose Creek hours later, and Red Harvest takes dinner up to Jack Horne as the mountain man calls for his newly proclaimed adopted son. \"Red, can you fetch me a blanket from downstairs, please, son?\" Jack inquires in that high-pitched voice of his, but he sounds more tired than usual, no doubt due to his muscles feeling more strained and weaker today since he had four arrows jabbed in various places in his body yesterday during the end of the Battle of Rose Creek. Horne's chest and side don't hurt as much as his hand does, but a brief layer of scar tissue is starting to form on his hand, which is a good sign in that his hand will make at least a semi-recovery in the time that it takes for Goodnight's broken foot to heal and the time Faraday must go through physical therapy and allow his bullet wounds to heal as completely as they could. \"I can,\" Red Harvest replies quickly and is out of the room to grab another blanket for the oldest of the Magnificent Seven before Horne even has time to blink an eye. The young Comanche can move quicker and more stealthily than any other person Jack Horne has ever met, and that includes the mountain man and famous tracker himself. Red Harvest returns after a few seconds, bringing back a stitched quilt that Emma had put on the desk in the hallway in case one of the men needed it. He had run into Sam who was going into Faraday's room to watch over the gambler while he sleeps, because Sam refused to let Vasquez sleep in that hard-wood chair two nights in a row and hardly get any sleep because of the awkward sleeping angle it provided. The three of them and Emma were going to take shifts on who watched Faraday each night, but tonight, Red Harvest has brought the blankets and pillow from his own hotel room into Jack's infirmary room, resolving that he would sleep on the floor in case the older man needs him for anything. Billy could walk and get Goodnight or himself anything they needed throughout the night, so it was decided by the seven of them that no one else needed to sit up and watch after Billy and Goodnight as they sleep. Faraday would need constant companionship and immediate help sources should the need arise if he began bleeding again or if he needed pain relief throughout the night, so a cycle is being set up between the uninjured three of the Magnificent Seven and Mrs. Emma Cullen since she feels a debt to the people who nearly died to protect her town that they did not necessarily have to agree to save. \"Here,\" Red Harvest presents the blanket, unfolding it and spreading it over Jack Horne in a similar way to how his mother used to do when if someone got sick when he was back with the Comanche tribe. \"Thank you, Red Harvest. I appreciate ya and all that you do,\" Jack smiles at the youngest member of the Magnificent Seven. \"Now, would you tell me about your day before you go back to the hotel to sleep?\" Horne asks in a hopeful tone, just wanting to have some conversation like the ones he used to have with his sons when they were younger before they were savagely murdered. \"I will be with you when the sun rises,\" Red Harvest assures, wanting Jack to know that he wasn't going to disappear during the night back to the hotel. \"Okay. Well, then tell me about your day and we'll both go to sleep then, Red,\" Jack fondly instructs, feeling more at ease around the young boy and realizing just how similar he is to Matthew, and yet so different from the oldest of Jack Horne's children. Red Harvest smiles in the darkness, settling down in his nest of blankets and pillows on the floor to prepare to go to sleep once he tells his tale of the day. Another day ends in Rose Creek, and the healing has started to take its place and the four members of the Magnificent Seven should be back on their feet and on the complete road to recovery in about two or three months' time. It would be challenging, but as long as they have their rag-tag family looking after one another, all seven men are sure they can make it through whatever the world throws at them. They are a family, and nothing would ever separate them. Not even the judgement of others would ever tear them apart. Author's Note: And there's Chapter Three! I hope everyone enjoyed; I've been working on this chapter for about two weeks, but I've only had time during class to handwrite scenes and then I had to type it up when I didn't have a lot of homework. I had an all-day field trip with my class to the movies today, so I was able to finish this due to not having a lot of homework tonight. I wanted to continue this chapter, but I thought I had kept all my dear fans waiting long enough, so I decided to post tonight. The next chapter will pick up where I had wanted to continue for this chapter, including Thanksgiving in Rose Creek and a surprise for one of the Magnificent Seven! That's all I'll say about it for now…. Anyway, I hope everyone enjoyed; thank all of you for the positive feedback through reviews, favorites, and follows! All of you are truly amazing for reading this and coming back to read more! I think that's all I have to say, my dear readers, other than have a good day, afternoon, or night! Until next time! P.S. I found out that the parking lot at my school is technically another street and is called \"Chisolm Trail\". Let's just say I fangirled over that for a good ten minutes when I found out my car sits with Sam Chisolm everyday while I'm in school! Oh, and we started talking about Comanche code talkers in history, which made my teacher reference Magnificent Seven to my class! I smiled so hard that my friend said I looked like I had won the lottery. Lol. ","Summary":" Against All Odds Disclaimer: I only own any OCs that may appear in this story. The others belong to"},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"Brother Lost","Author":"DTakersGurls","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3946287","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hotntears flooded Seth's eyes. He furiously wiped at his eyes as henwatched his little brother scream in agony. \"It…fuckinnhurts.\" Ritchie Gecko whispered. He coughed sending rivulets ofnblood flowing from his mouth. Seth's heart felt like it was beingnripped apart. His brother was dying and there wasn't a damn thingnhe could do to save him. No hospitals nearby. All the vampires hadnbeen killed but they had locked the door before and they were unablento get out. Seth looked up and saw the Fuller's still trying tonforce the door open. Sethnlooked back down at his brother. His face had become even paler andnmore blood coursed down his throat where that vampire bitch bit him. nBut her got her. She's now residing in hell along with all hernother friends. Hengently placed a hand on Ritchie's head, smoothing his matted hairnback. Suddenly he turned his head he violently coughed blood ontonthe floor. He turned his face back to gaze at his worried brother. \"Fucking…B…Bitch…\"n He mumbled around a mouthful of blood. The youngest of the Geckonbrother's eyes began to gloss over. A sheen of cold sweat brokenout on Ritchie's face, causing the blood to run rampant down hisncheeks. Seth'snbegan to hyperventilate. But he managed to appear calm. He keptntrying to comfort his brother. He gently ruffled his hair as henswallowed the burning lump in his throat. \"HeynBuddy…I'm sorry. I'm so sorry I fucked things up. It wasn'tnsupposed t be like this. We were going to be so fucking happy in ElnRay. I love you Ritchie.\" Ritchienblinked as he struggled to hear him. He sounded so damn far away. nHe looked at his brother before the darkness claimed him. \"Love….y…yountoo…Seth.\" He whispered. Suddenly his head rolled to the side. nSeth watched as Ritchie let out the last breath of his life. Hisneyes drifted close. Sethnlet out a choked sob. The tears flowed freely down his cheeks as hencradled his brother's bloodied body in his arms. He buried hisnface in Ritchie's chest, sobbing. \"I'mnso sorry. I…couldn't save you. I'm a goddamned fuckingnidiot!\" He screamed into his brother's bloodied chest.[Chapter 2] Sethnfaintly heard Jacob yelling to him. They needed help opening thendoor. He wiped at his eyes with his bloody sleeve. As henstraightened up he saw Ritchie smiling up at him with that smile henonly reserved for him. \"Whatnthe…\" Seth stares wide-eyed at him. Ritchie's grin becomesnwider. Sethndropped back down to one knee beside Ritchie. He squeezed hisnshoulder and ruffled his hair. \"Fuck! I thought you were dead!\"n He slapped his brother across the top of his head. \"Don't evernfucking do that to me! Jesus!\" Ritchienjust continued staring up at his brother with the same grin…lookingneven more psychotic than he usually does. \"Comenon. We got work to do.\" He grabbed his younger brother by thenarm, hauling him to his feet. \"We got us some fuckin vampire tonkill.\" Ritchie laughed. \"Sorrynbro…but no. you aren't going to kill any more of them.\" \"Andnwhy not?\" Seth asked while picking up a wooden stake. He didn'tnsee his brother transform. He straightened back up. Withoutnwarning Ritchie launched himself at Seth, ripping out a rather largenchunk of flesh from the side of his neck. Sethnscreamed loudly as he stumbled backwards. Holding his neck, whilenstaring at his little brother in shock. Bloodnflowed down the front of his shirt, dripping onto the floor. \"Younfucking bit me Ritchie!\" God the pain was unbearable. He couldn'tnstop the tears of pain that rolled down his dirty cheeks. Ritchienadvanced closer. His lips and chain dripping with Seth's blood. Hensmiled a predator's smile as he continued stalking the wounded man. Sethncontinued stumbling backwards until he tripped and landed on his backnon the steps of the stage. He blindly groped for anything he couldnfind as a weapon. Ritchienlicked the blood from his lips. \"Why…fight…me. Yournalready…dead…Seth.\" Thenloss of blood was beginning to get to him. His vision swam beforenhim. Everything began blurring together. \"I..\"n Dark blood bubbled from his mouth as he tried to speak. \"I'mnnot going out as one of...those fuckers.\" Ritchienwatched his brother. This is fun…watching him suffer. Watchingnthe life drain from him. \"Yourngoing to join us!\" Ritchie pounced on Seth, pinning the dying mannto the steps. Holding him by the lapels, he grazed his teeth overnthe bloodied neck. SuddenlynSeth's hand came out from under his back, holding a chair leg. nBefore he had any tie to react, Seth slammed it into Ritchie'snchest. Henfell backwards screaming. His body twitched violently. Suddenly thengrotesque face turned back into the brother he had known. Tearsnwere running down Seth's face as he watched his brother stare atnhim. Confusion in his eyes. \"W…why?n Seth…\" Sethndropped to his knees. \"I'm so sorry. I had to...you were anfucking vampire! I had to!\" Evennthrough the pain Ritchie could see Blood pouring like a river fromnSeth. \"S…Seth…didnI…bite you? I'm…sorry…\" Sethncrawled over to his brother, his legs could no longer support him. nHe managed to make to his brother's side. \"It'snnot your fault. I'll see ya real soon, Ritchie.\" Henpushed the stake harder. Within a few seconds Ritchie's body wentnup in smoke. Leaving nothing behind but the chair leg. Hencould hear the voices urging him to kill. He could feel the hungernfor blood rising. He closed his eyes tightly. Sonthis is it…I'm going to die In a fucking titty bar! Henhad to do it. He was not going to live out his existence as a damnnvampire. He opened his eyes to see the chair leg laying in what usednto be his brother. Henweakly rolled over and picked it up. With a gasp of pain he rollednback on to his back. He held the makeshift stake over his heart. Ifnhe thought about he probably wouldn't do it. So he rammed it hardnas he could. Sethnlet out an agonized scream of pain as it sunk into his chest. He letnout a scream loud enough to wake the dead as he tried to pull it downninto his heart. He had lost so much blood he wasn't strong enough. \"Dad!n I found him!\" he heard Kate yelling for her father. She beganncrying when she saw the stake half buried in his chest. Jacobnpulled her away from him. He could see that Seth was still alive andnnot undead. \"Whatnhappened?\" Jacob asked calmly. Trying not to upset his kids anynfurther. \"Ritchie….Bit...me.\"n Even more blood pooled around the dying man's body. \"I'm…I…Stakednhim…I tried to…stake...myself.\" Jacobnpatted Seth on the shoulder. \"I'm sorry about this, son. I'mnsorry about your brother. I really am.\" He placed his hands onnthe end of the stake. \"I'm sorry I have to do this. Maybe younand your brother can find peace.\" Sethnnodded and gritted his teeth, waiting for it to pierce his heart. nThey said a person's life flashes before their eyes before theyndie. He felt remorse. He couldn't save his brother. He regrettednall those innocent people that he and Ritchie killed. Hisneyes sight began fading more and more until he couldn't see at all.n But h could still hear. He heard the prayer that Jacob said fornhim. And he heard Kate crying. Hensuddenly felt a heavy weight on his chest. It felt like someone wasnsitting on him but it didn't hurt. HerenI come Ritchie. Wasnhis last thoughts before the world went completely dark. ","Summary":" Hotntears flooded Seth's eyes. He furiously wiped at his eyes as henwatched his little brother scre"},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"Jules And Vincent From Dusk Till Dawn","Author":"Tornmuscle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4125376","Passage":"[Chapter 1] JulesnAnd Vincent In FromnDusk Till Dawn \"Shit.nDo we really have to wait in this shit-hole?\" Asked Vincent Vega asnhe walked alongside his partner. \"Carlosnsaid to meet him at 'The Titty Twister', so, we're gonna meetnhim at 'The Titty Twister'.\" Replied Vincent's partner,nJules Winnfield. \"WellnI was just thinking that we've been through hell already, gettingnto Mexico. So why do we have to go through it again, sitting in thisnshit-hole?\" Said Vincent. \"Man.n Why you gotta keep calling this place a shit-hole?\" QuestionednJules, \"We haven't even stepped foot inside of it. For all younknow, it could be a nice place.\" \"Ya,nand for all I know, it could be a shit-hole.\" Replied Vincent. Thentwo men walked up the steps of the bar, but a short, crazy lookingnMexican stepped in their way. \"Excusenme gentlemen,\" said the man, \"but this bar has a strict policynthat it's for bikers and truckers only, and you two don't looknlike bikers or truckers in those suits.\" The man laughed,nrevealing his rotten sharp teeth. \"Bikersnand truckers only, huh?\" Said Jules, \"Well it just so happensnthat I am a trucker, as of last year when I got my trucker licence.\"n Jules pulled out his wallet, which had the words \"Bad MothernFucker\" engraved on the front. He opened it up and pulled out anlicence, which he showed to the man. \"Oh.n So you are. Excuse me gentlemen, go right in.\" Said the man, \"Mynname is Chet Pussy, by the way. Heh-heh. Talk to me or any othernemployees if you need anything, because at The Titty Twister, we'renhere to serve.\" Chet Pussy began to laugh, once again revealingnhis rotten teeth. Julesnand Vincent walked into the bar. \"HeynJules,\" Said Vincent, \"I didn't know you were a trucker.\" \"Yep,\"nreplied Jules, \"Our boss, the good Mr. Wallace, sometimes needs mento deliver truckloads of merchandise, and that's when knowing hownto drive a truck comes in handy.\" Vincentnlooked around at the things inside the bar. \"This place reallynisn't so bad.\" He said, \"Reminds me of a raunchier version ofnJack Rabbit Slim's.\" \"Ya.nWith a lot more booze and a lot more topless women.\" Replied Jules. \"Ya.n More booze and topless women, hence raunchier. Let's get a table.\"n Suggested Vincent. Theynsat down at a table near the middle of the building. Before long, anwaitress came to take their order. \"Whatncan I get you boys to drink?\" Asked the waitress. \"TwonChangos please.\" Said Vincent. \"Alright.\"n Replied the waitress as she walked away. \"OknJules,\" Began Vincent, \"So what are we gonna do after Carlosnshows up?\" \"Well,nVincent,\" Replied Jules, \"when Carlos arrives, we pay him hisnmoney, and then he takes us down to El Ray.\" \"Instill don't get why we have to come down here.\" Said Vincent,n\"It's Marcellus who got busted, not us.\" \"Well,nVincent,\" Replied Jules, \"The cops are gonna start digging upndirt on all the men working for Marcellus, and sooner or later,nthey're gonna find info on us, and all the things we've beenndoing for Mr. Wallace. So, we have get out of the country now,nbefore they find out about us.\" \"Alright,\"nSaid Vincent, \"but I still don't think the cops would of comenlooking for us. They're pretty busy looking for those Geckonbrothers.\" \"Ohnya.\" Replied Jules, \"The Gecko brothers. You know, I heard theynwere headed down to Mexico. Maybe if we're lucky, we'll get tonmeet those mother fuckers.\" \"Indon't know if you'd wanna meet them,\" began Vincent, but he wasninterrupted by the waitress delivering the drinks, \"Thank you.\" nThe waitress put the drinks on the table and walked away. \"As Inwas saying, I don't think you'd wanna meet those guys. The one'sna serial rapist or some shit.\" Vincent opened his beer and took andrink. \"SonI've heard, Vincent. So I've heard.\" Said Jules. Justnthen, an announcement came out over the speakers, \"And now for yournviewing pleasure. The Mistress of the Macabre. The Epitome of Evil.nThe most sinister woman to dance on the face of the earth. Lowlyndogs, get on your knees, bow your heads and worship at the feet ofnSANTANICO PANDEMONIUM!\" Julesnand Vincent looked up at the stage at the back of the club. Thenlights went down low, and music started to play. Out on to the stagenstepped a woman holding a large snake, Santanico Pandemonium. Shendanced about the stage, then, as the music sped up, she handed thensnake to two men, and jumped down from on the stage, onto the ground.n She continued to dance. Then, as the song began to end she steppednup onto a nearby table. Jules was watching, but became distracted bynVincent. \"Heyndo they have a menu or something?\" Asked Vincent, \"Cause I'mnfucking starving.\" \"Arenyou even watching the show?\" Replied Jules. \"Hey,nyou've see one bitch dance, you've seen 'em all.\" SaidnVincent, \"I wanna get a steak. You think the got steak?\" BeforenJules could answer Vincent, both men were distracted by a fightnhappening at the table Santanico Pandemonium had climbed onto justnminutes before. Three men were standing by the table. It was ChetnPussy, a bartender, and a bouncer. Jules and Vincent could hear ChetnPussy accusing two of the men at the table. \"Thisnpiece of shit broke my finger, and my nose!\" Chet Pussy yelled,n\"Then this faggot kicked me in the ribs when I was down.\" Anscuffle broke out and the bartender pulled out a knife. He used itnto stab one of the men's hands down to the table. The man pullednthe knife out of his hand and began stabbing the bartendernrepeatedly. The bartender dropped to the ground. \"Shit,\"nBegan Vincent, \"I wish we had some french fries or something to eatnwhile we're watching...\" Vincent was interrupted when the onenof the men at the table pulled out a gun. \"Oh shit!\" Vincentnyelled as he crouched down behind the table. Jules didn't flinch. nHe just sat there watching and drinking his beer. Thenman with the gun opened fire on the bouncer. The bouncer stumblednback and his bullet ridden corpse fell to the ground. Chet Pussy wasnstanding behind the corpse laughing. \"Younthought it was pretty funny didn't you?\" Said one of the gunmen.n The other one stuck his knife into the table and pulled out his gun.n Both gunmen pointed their guns at Chet Pussy and unloaded on him. Hendropped down to the floor. Vincent,nstill cowering behind the table, looked up at Jules, still sittingncalmly. \"Hey Jules,\" said Vincent, \"Should we do something?\" \"Nah.\"nReplied Jules, \"This isn't our fight, and that's the way it isndown here in Mexico. Fuck with the wrong people, you're gonna getnshot.\" Jules smiled and started to laugh, but something caught hisnattention back at the gunmen's table. SantaniconPandemonium was still standing up on the table. Only she wasndifferent than she was before. Her nose had receded back into hernface, and her skin had turned a scaly green. She opened her mouth,nrevealing sharp white fangs. They weren't sharp like Chet Pussy'snteeth, from bad dental hygiene. No. They were sharp like a snakesnteeth, designed to rip through flesh. She jumped down from the tablentowards one of the gunmen, but Jules was too quick. He pulled outnhis 9mm and shot her out of the air, before she had even reached thengunmen. The gunmen looked at Jules first, then down at Santanico. nHe saw her squirming around on the ground, with green blood gushingnfrom the wound in her stomach. He reloaded his gun quickly, thennpointed it down at her. He fired several shots into her chest. Thenlast shot hit her through the heart. Then,na strange thing happened. Santanico's body began to smoke, then,nshe burst into flame. Everyone in the bar stood quietly and didn'tnmove, except Jules. He walked over to the two gunmen. \"Whatnthe hell was that?\" One of the gunmen asked Jules, as if he knewnthe answer. \"Indon't know what it was,\" began Jules, \"but it was nothing I'venever seen before, and hopefully, it's nothing I'll ever have tonsee again.\" Ifnonly Jules had known that what he had just witnessed, was going to benrepeated that night. Over and over again...[Chapter 2] JulesnAnd Vincent: From Dusk Till Dawn Chaptern2 Los Angeles, California,n1 Week before the events of Chapter 1 Vincent was drivingnthrough Redondo Beach when his phone rang. \"Hello.\" Vincentnsaid as he put his phone to his ear. \"Vincent,\" said thenvoice on the other end, \"it's Marcellus. I'm inside my housenright now, and there's cops surrounding the fuckin' place!\" \"Shit.\" RepliednVincent, \"What do you want me to do?\" \"Get to my warehouse innCompton.\" Instructed Marcellus, \"In the office on the secondnfloor, under the desk, is a suitcase. Get that fucking suitcase! ALRIGHT!\" \"What do you want me tondo with it?\" Asked Vincent, \"What do you want me to do with thensuitcase when I get it?\" \"Just hold onto it!\" Said Marcellus, \"Just take it, and keep it safe! Shit. The copsnare in my fuckin' house. Shit!\" Marcellus hung up his phone. Vincent, who was headingnin the opposite direction of Compton, put down his phone and crankednthe steering wheel to the left. The car spun around and startednheading the other way. The tires squealed as Vincent wove in and outnof traffic. Eventually, he arrived at the warehouse. He wasnsurprised to see his partner, Jules Winnfield, standing on thensidewalk in front of the warehouse. Jules was holding the suitcasenin his hand. Vincent pulled up beside him. \"Jules! What are youndoing here man?\" Asked Vincent. \"You aren't the onlynone Marcellus has on speed dial.\" Replied Jules, \"I got thensuitcase right here.\" Jules held up the suitcase. He tossed thensuitcase into the backseat, and climbed into the passenger seatnbeside Vincent. \"So what now?\" AskednVincent, \"Did Marcellus tell you what he wanted us to do with thensuitcase?\" \"Hold onto it.\"nAnswered Jules, \"Keep it out of harms way until he can give usnfurther instruction.\" \"So what happened withnMarcellus?\" Questioned Vincent. \"Well,\" RepliednJules, \"Big Man was preparing for a drug deal up at his house. Henhad a bunch of guns, and a bunch of coke laid out on the coffeentable. Not the best time for the cops to make a surprise visit.\" \"I'll say.\" SaidnVincent, \"So should we take the case back to my place, or what?\" \"Right now,\" Julesnbegan, \"I think we better get the hell outta the country.\" \"What do you mean 'outnof the country'?\" Questioned Vincent. \"Start driving fool andnI'll tell you!\" Responded Jules. Vincent put his car intondrive and pulled back into the street. He began driving south. \"What do you mean we gotta get 'outta the country'?\" Henasked again. \"I mean we gotta getnoutta of the U.S. man.\" Replied Jules, \"The cops are gonna benlooking for us, and they'll probably be looking for whatever's innthat suitcase.\" \"Shit. So how are wengonna do this?\" Asked Vincent. \"Well for starters,\"nJules answered, \"we better get out of L.A. Find some little hickntown where we can spend the night. Then, once we get there, I'llnorganize someone to meet us down in Mexico.\" \"Shit! Mexico?!\" Exclaimed Vincent, \"We gotta go there?!\" \"Well what did younthink I meant by 'outta the country'?\" Replied Jules. \"Well,\" BegannVincent, \"I thought you meant Canada, or the Bahamas er'nsomewhere OTHER than Mexico.\" \"Hey man,\" RespondednJules, \"what's wrong with Mexico?\" \"A lot.\" RepliednVincent. The two remained silentnfor the next three hours until they reached a small town outside ofnLA called \"Larsonsville\". Vincent pulled into the parking lot ofnthe \"Dying Sunshine\" motel. The sun was just beginning to set. \"C'mon.\" SaidnJules, at last breaking the silence. Both men got out of the car andnwalked towards the motel's front entrance. They walked inside. Jules went to the front desk to rent out a room. Vincent stayed bynthe doors and watched a TV sitting on a table in the corner of thenmotel lobby. On the TV a reporter was talking. \"Breaking news innWichita this evening,\" Announced the reporter, \"Notorious banknrobber Seth Gecko, best known for his part in the 1988 Scott Citynbank robbery, escaped from police custody today while appearing innWichita Municipal court for his first parole hearing. It was at thencourt house that Seth's younger brother, Richard Gecko, a knownnarmed robber and sex offender pulled off a daring daylight escape. It has been confirmed that there are casualties, although the exactnnumber is not known at this time. The FBI, local law enforcement andnthe Texas Rangers have all joined forces in order to capture Seth andnRichard Gecko...\" \"Hey, I got a room.\" Jules said as came up behind Vincent. \"Shit!\" SaidnVincent. He spun around to face Jules, \"Don't sneak up on menlike that. You nearly gave me a heart attack.\" \"Well excuse me.\" Jules laughed, \"C'mon, we're in room...\" Jules paused toncheck the number on the key the desk clerk had given him, \"37.\" \"Alright.\" RespondednVincent, \"Let's go.\" Both men walked out the doors behindnthem. They walked along the row of rooms until they came to 37. Jules put the key in the lock, and turned it. The door crept open. Both men stepped into the room. \"Damn.\" Stated Julesnas he surveyed the room, which had brown stains all over the carpetnand furniture, \"That is some repugnant shit.\" \"Yep,\" Began Vincent,n\"but it's better than Mexico.\" The next morning, Vincentnwas awoken by sunlight pouring in through the windows. \"Shit.\" Vincent saidnas he sat up and shielded his eyes, \"Why do they call it the 'DyingnSunshine' motel when it's when bright as... well I don't knownwhat it's bright as but it's fucking bright.\" Vincent lookednaround and realized Jules wasn't in the room. \"What?\" Vincent put his suit backnon. It was the only clothes he had. He stepped outside and lookednaround. He noticed Jules walking across the parking lot with twoncoffees and a box of Teriyaki doughnuts. \"Vincent!\" Julesnyelled from across the parking lot, \"I got things all sorted out.\" Jules jogged up to Vincent, \"I got us a guy in Mexico who'll letnus stay in El Ray in exchange for thirty percent of our loot.\" \"Ok,\" began Vincent,n\"First of all, what's El Ray? Second of all, what loot? We don'tnhave any loot.\" \"Alright Vincent,\"nJules started, \"El Ray is a town down in Mexico. No cops. Just anbunch of bad mother fuckers. However, you have to pay this guynCarlos if you want to stay.\" \"Pay him what?\" Inquired Vincent. \"Well,\" AnswerednJules, \"all he asks for is thirty percent of our loot.\" \"What loot, Jules?\" Questioned Vincent, \"We don't have any loot!\" \"Well Vincent,\"nReplied Jules, \"the kind of people who stay in El Ray are banknrobbers and outlaws, and all Carlos wants from them is thirty percentnof whatever they stole.\" \"I think you're anlittle confused Jules.\" Said Vincent, \"We're not bank robbers. We haven't stolen anything!\" \"So I bull-shittednhim.\" Replied Jules, \"I told we were a couple of bank robbersnand that we had just stolen a bunch of cash from a small town bank.\" \"Jules,\" SaidnVincent, still very confused, \"How are we gonna get the money tonpay Carlos?!\" \"We'll just stick upna few gas stations on our way to Texas.\" Replied Jules. He walkednaround Vincent and into the motel room. He set down the doughnutsnand the coffees and started collecting the few things he owned aroundnthe room. The last thing he grabbed was Marcellus' suitcase, \"HeynVincent,\" Vincent still stood there, stunned in the doorway, \"couldnyou grab the doughnuts, we gotta start moving if we wanna make it tonTexas before the end of the week.\" \"Texas? But why...\" Vincent began. \"Vincent,\" repliednJules, \"Do I seem like the kind of nigga who wouldn't have ansolid plan? Cause I'm not that kind of nigga. Just grab thendoughnuts an c'mon.\" Vincent, without another word, picked upnthe doughnuts and followed Jules out to the car. Jules tossed hisnthings into the back, and climbed into the passenger seat. Vincentnhanded the box of doughnuts to him and got into the driver's seat. Vincent started up his Malibu and pulled out of the parking lot ontonthe road. \"So which way are wenheaded?\" Asked Vincent. \"Well,\" answerednJules, \"Texas is East of here. So, we drive East.\" \"Shit. Well can't wenjust swing back up to LA so I can get some things from my place?\" Questioned Vincent. \"Vincent,\" Jules saidnas he looked over at his partner, \"It is gonna be a LONG timenbefore we can go back to LA. Just keep driving, and lighten up. Have yourself a bear claw or something.\" \"Fine,\" repliednVincent, \"can you pass me a bear claw?\" \"Yes Vincent.\" SaidnJules, \" Yes I can.\" Jules opened up the box of doughnuts andntook out a bear claw. He passed it over to Vincent. Vincent grabbednit, and took a bite. \"Damn!\" ExclaimednVincent, amazed at just how good the doughnut was, \"I have had somengood doughnuts in my life, but this bear claw, is really fuckingngood! Where's it from again?\" \"Teriyaki Doughnuts,\"nReplied Jules, \"The best doughnuts this side of the Orient.\" For the next two days,nJules and Vincent drove non-stop towards Texas. They took turnsndriving and only stopped for gas and food. Eventually, they couldnsee the state line in the distance. \"Yee-haw!\" ExclaimednVincent, who was driving at the time, \"In a matter of secondsnJules, me and you are gonna be Texans!\" \"That's good news.\" Said Jules, \"That is great fucking news!\" Both men cheered as theyncrossed the state line. \"Welcome to Texas.\" Said Jules, \"I think that now would be a good time to start makingnsome cash.\" \"Jules,\" RepliednVincent, \"I've been thinking about that. I dunno if it's suchna good idea to start robbing gas stations out in the middle ofnnowhere. I mean, we're hitmen. Not a couple of hoodlums lookingnto make a quick buck. And how much do you think we'll actuallynmake robbing gas stations? Are you sure it will be enough to pay offnCarlos?\" \"I'm sure we'llnmake enough Vincent.\" Said Jules, \"Just trust me. We'll makenenough.\" Jules looked out at the road ahead. About a quarter milendown the road, he saw it. A gas station. All by it's self in thenmiddle of nowhere, \"Vincent, pull up into this gas station.\" \"Alright,\" RepliednVincent, \"but don't blame me if you end up dead.\" Vincentnpulled into the dusty lot in front of the gas station. He shut offnthe car and looked over at Jules. Jules looked back and gave anslight nod as if to say, \"Let's do this.\" Jules and Vincentngot out of the car and walked toward the door of the gas station. \"We should get a roadnmap while we're here.\" Said Jules as they walked, \"It'llnhelp us find the location of more gas stations when we're donenhere.\" \"Ya,\" repliednVincent, \"If we don't get killed here.\" \"You are one negativenmother fucker.\" Said Jules. Both men walked through the doorsninto the gas station. They both froze when they saw who was standingnbehind the counter. A little old lady who looked to be around eightynyears old. Vincent leaned over tonJules and whispered into his ear, \"What's the plan?\" \"Just follow my lead.\" Jules whispered back. He slowly approached the register. The oldnwoman looked up at him and smiled. Vincent stayed by the door. Jules reached into his jacket and put his hand around the handle ofnhis handgun. He stood there for a few seconds like this. Afternabout five seconds he did it. He whipped out his gun and stuck it innthe old lady's face, \"Gimme all the money in the cash register!\" \"What?\" Asked thenold woman, as if she was to deaf too have heard him, and too blind tonhave seen the gun. \"Give me the money innthe register!\" Jules yelled even louder this time. The old woman let out ansmall murmur. She reached up and clutched her heart. She stumblednback, and then dropped to the floor. She layed motionless. Julesnlooked at Vincent. \"Great. You killednher.\" Said Vincent sarcastically, \"Now take the money from thenregister. Her family probably needs it for grandma's funeral, butnI think we need it more for our vacation in Mexico.\" Jules sighed as he putnhis gun back in his jacket. He jumped over the counter so he couldnempty the register. He opened it, then paused. Something wasn'tnright. He looked down at where the old woman had fallen. She wasngone. \"What the fu...\" Jules began, but was cut off mid-sentence by the sound of a shotgunnblast to his left. The front window of the gas station shattered. He spun around and looked. The old woman was standing there, alivenand well, with a double barrel shotgun in her hands. \"You fellas are fromnthe bank aren't ya?\" Said the old woman. \"What?\" SaidnVincent, who was now standing on the other side of the counter besidenJules. \"I knew you were.\" Said the old woman, \"You come in here, with yer fancy suits, andnyer fancy guns, and you try and take my money! That's my money! Inearned it! I worked long and hard for that money and I ain't gonnangive it up to the likes of you!\" The old woman's face becamenvery red and she started to shake, \" I'll kill ya! I'll killnall of ya!\" \"Hey bitch!\" SaidnJules, \"Chill!\" Vincent looked over atnJules and said, \"Hey. Maybe you shouldn't call her a bi...\" \"A what?! What did younjust call me!\" The old woman was now shaking like crazy, \"Inshould... I could... I...I.\" The old woman dropped thenshotgun. It fired as it hit the floor. The old woman stumbled backna bit. Then she stopped. Her eyes rolled into the back of her headnand she dropped down dead right into a box of corn chips. Julesnstarted walking towards her. \"Hey man what if she'snjust...\" Said Vincent. \"Nah.\" RepliednJules, \"This one was for real. This is one dead bitch.\" \"What was she sayingnabout money?\" Asked Vincent. \"I don't know.\" Replied Jules, \" Let's look around and find out what she wasntalking about.\" He walked around the old woman, and towards a doornat the back of the building. He put his hand on the door handle andnturned it. The door opened right up. Jules stepped through thendoorway, and into a back room. Vincent followed. The room wasnfilled with different boxes. One box stood out. \"Hey.\" Said Vincent,n\"Check this out.\" Vincent pointed at a large box in the corner. The box was labelled \"G-O Juice Clear\". \"G-O Juice Clear?\" Said Jules, \"Didn't that stuff get banned after all those peoplenwent sterile from drinking it?\" \"Ya.\" RepliednVincent, \"That was a few years ago.\" \"So if it's banned, Inwonder why they have a whole box of it back here.\" Said Jules,n\"Vincent, open it up.\" Vincent got down on onenknee and opened the box up. \"Holy shit.\" Said Vincent. \"What is it?\" Julesnsaid. He walked over and looked in the box. The box was filled withnrows and rows of hundred dollar bills. \"There's gotta benhalf a million dollars in here!\" Exclaimed Vincent, \"Where'dnthat old woman get all of this cash?\" \"Vincent,\" begannJules, \"in life there are certain questions, like the one you justnasked, which will never be answered. Grab the box. Let's get outnof here.\" \"Looks like we won'tnhave to rob any more gas stations, huh?\" Vincent said as he liftednthe box. \"It certainly looksnthat way.\" Jules replied. The two men walked out to the car. Vincent dropped the box of money in the back seat, next to Marcellus'nbriefcase. He walked around the car and got behind the wheel. Vincent started the car. Jules climbed into the passenger seat. Without another word, Vincent hit the gas and the two men rode offninto the sunset, completely unaware of the danger that laynahead...[Chapter 3]  ","Summary":" JulesnAnd Vincent In FromnDusk Till Dawn \"Shit.nDo we really have to wait in this shit-hole?\" Ask"},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"Hidden Emotions","Author":"collegegurl12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8288308","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own From Dusk till Dawn or anyone of the actors or actresses. Sadly! After being up all night and deciding to randomly turn on Netflixs, I decided to watch one of my favorite movies. Of course you guessed it 'From Dusk Till Dawn'. Ive always been a fan of Kate and Seth and always wondered why he worked so hard to always keep her away from his brother. Ive came up with a few short stories that'll so hidden meanings between them that no one ever saw during the movie. IF you read this then please review, more chapters to come! First Encounter (Of Japes, Hotel Rooms, Fags, and Bikinis.) On a normal day Seth Gecko wouldn't dare be caught leaning against the off white walls of the Hotel Room that he and his brother resided in at the moment. The walls from a distance had looked grimy and almost as if it had std's crawling all up and down it. He had noticed when they first walked in that it seemed that the walls were not painted but in fact the off white was some kind of wall paper and it looked as if it had been on the walls for centuries if not decades. Pieces of the paper lay on the dirty untouched maroon carpet, and he couldn't help but get annoyed at the knowledge that some of the paper would in fact rub off on to his traditional black jacket. As he leaned against the wall hidden by his brother's back and the door from view he listened silently as his brother spoke to whoever was the behind the door. Lowering his dark eyes he couldn't help but feel his heart start to pick up pace as he noticed that already a good minute had passed. What the fuck could his brother really is talking about? He questioned silently even though he could clearly hear every word that was being sad. He had demanded that Ritchie keep the conversation short and to the point. Just ask to borrow something within the room and then bam they would attack! What was the damn hold up? Just when he was past the point of regretting allowing Ritchie to speak he noticed how his brother's arm seemed to snap upwards, straight outwards. Seth knew from experience that was a sign that someone was aiming a gun. Taking that as his cue he quickly side stepped his brother and the door and aimed his black gun at the…the old man standing before him. He couldn't help the disappointment that slide threw his voice as he told the old man to remain still. He had secretly wished for a younger man, someone who would in fact cause some sort of argument or fight which then Seth could let some of his pent up anger out. Looks like that wasn't going to happen now, was it? \"Listen here, what…\" The old man who Seth later came to know as Jacob tried to pacify the situation. But before he could finish his sentence Seth noticed how the man tense before him, and from the corner of his eye he saw his brother place the gun into a young boy's mouth. Seth tensed also not wanting that type of fight to break out. \"Ritchie, bring the Jape over here now.\" Even though Seth's voice was calm Ritchie knew better than to defy his brother's command. Whenever his brother remained calm was when you needed to fear him the most, and sadly he had found that out the hard way at times. Once both of the captives were seated together on the bed, Seth had just opened his mouth to demand from them what he wanted when he noticed the older man place his hand on the back of the Jape's neck. That action caused a feeling within his stomach to rise to the service. A feeling that he had promised himself long time ago he would never feel again. Curling his lip upwards he noticed how the young boy seemed to fall into place next to the man in white. His young yellow body being crushed up against the elders, seeking protection, affection….? Seth wasn't sure at that moment but he was about to fucking find out! He did not settle for fucking child molesters! Even though he was monster himself he had never done that deed, never allowed anyone to do that deed in front of him after he had grown some and would never allow the deed to be done if he could stop it. That was why from the moment he had seen the young boy pull into the man he had made a silent vowel within that few seconds that if that was really what was going on he would find a reason, one fucking reason to place a bullet between the man's eyes. And he wouldn't fucking feel one amount of remorse! \"What are you two some fucking fags?\" The words were out of his mouth before he could stop even though he hadn't tried real hard to stop them. He heard the intake of air from his younger brother, and knew without even looking that his eyes were glazed over hidden behind his rims. He couldn't help but feel more anger if possible surge throughout his muscled body as he knew his brother was remembering. Remembering horrid memories that Seth had promised him years ago that he would never have to relive them again. Maybe that was why his hand had twitched on the gun, his trigger finger taping slightly against it. With just enough pressure to touch it but not cause it push forward any. Or maybe it was from his own sick anger that he wanted nothing more than to kill the man before him. Whatever it was he knew the old sick fuck had better start talking soon or he wouldn't have the chance. Jacob Fuller pulled his young son closer to him if possible at those foul words. Eye's narrowing he tried to muster all the anger that he felt at that moment threw his next words. \"He's my son!\" Everything else that was said after that was a blur for Seth, even the words that had escaped his mouth. All he knew was that he had suddenly felt enlighten, almost ecstatic at the notion that the man was doing nothing to the boy he called son. For a split second Seth did have doubts, wanting nothing more than scream in their faces that being a son and father meant nothing to sick fucks! Though that was before he noticed the look that passed the son's face. He knew by just that one look of confusion, anger, disgust that nothing had happened and that made Seth feel like he was on cloud nine. He almost for a second forgot the real reason to why he was in the room with them. Almost that was. The sound of the door being pushed open, a female gasp and the tightening of his gun brought him back to the real world. Not everyone had a father that loved them. \"Kate…\" The elder spoke softly almost with a warning behind his deep voice. He remained on the bed but his eye's never once strayed from his daughter who was currently being held by none other than Ritchie Gecko. \"Were having a bikini contest and you currently won!\" Ritchie's voice took on a false tone of happiness as his eye's trailed up and down the young girl's body. His arm was swung around her middle as he pushed her back closer to his chest. Loving the contact that came with the feel of her smooth skin…even if it was against his white undershirt. Within his mind he could def. feel the smoothness of her skin, feel the pulse that ran through her veins. Seth did not once turn around as he kept his gun trained on the two males before him. He wasn't stupid even though a small voice in the back of his head told him to trust Jacob, he knew better than to stray his view on them. Everyone had either two feelings during a dangerous situation, either to flee or fight and he wasn't positive what either of the men would do but he wasn't about to find out. \"Ritchie take the keys on the nightstand and go outside and bring their vehicle up around front.\" It didn't go unnoticed within the room how Seth seemed to talk to his brother almost as if he was talking to a child. Not some younger sibling but an actual child around the mere age of three, or four. Scott, or better known as the Jape sat perfectly still against his father's side as he watched one of the maniacs almost toy with his adopted sister. He knew he wanted nothing more than to reach forward and pull her to him, demanding that these men leave him and his family alone. They had never did anything to them! They were good people damnit! What was that saying \"Do good and receive good?\" Well where was that karma now? A second passed, two seconds, three seconds soon turned into six. \"Ritchie..\" Seth's voice held an authority that none of the people in the room had heard before, and Kate couldn't stop the shiver of fear that ran throughout her body at the sound of his voice. As the door slammed shut Seth released the breath that he hadn't even known he was holding. Turning slowly as to keep an eye on the males but to finally get a look at the female he noticed instantly why Ritchie seemed to of reacted the way he did. She was barely clad in anything, if you could call a wet hotel towel wrapped tightly around her mid-section and a barely there blue bikini top that didn't hide anything to the imagination. He knew he was staring, he knew he was staring to long for the likings of everyone in the room and hell for his likings also! Blinking a few times he reached forward grasping ahold of the girl's chilled skin of her forearm. He tried to suppress the feeling that entered him the moment his fingers had glided over her smooth, pale skin. Hell he didn't even hold her as tightly as he should have been, if she truly wanted to jerk away she would of gotten away from him with a good pull or two. What was wrong with him? Ritchie acted like this damnit! Ritchie was the perverted that would fuck anything walking, no matter the age; and for that Seth hated his brother. Don't get him wrong he loved his brother more than anything living on this earth but Seth hated his brother's actions, hated what type of man he had become. He had vowed when they were little to his mother on her dyeing bed that he would take Ritchie under his wing, mold him, shape him into a man that he should be. Where did he go wrong? Taking a few deep breaths he pulled the girl forward wincing slightly as she tripped over her own feet almost landing into him. Thankfully he had tightened his grip just slightly not enough to bruise but enough to keep her steady. Pushing her toward the only other door within the room, which he figured was the bathroom he spoke. His voice slightly teasing but held a warning that didn't miss Kate's ears. \"Hey Giggit, you have three minutes to put on some regular clothing before we leave.\" Kate gasped once more hating the feeling of being scared girl as this man, this monster, her abductor leaned forward. His lips grazing the edge of her ear lobe which caused her once more to gasp. Damnit! She mentally cursed herself at her actions. Here she was being held at gun point and she couldn't help the feelings of teenage hormones course through her veins at the man's actions. Hell it wasn't her fault that she hadn't experienced the feel of a man's touch before, not even a boy's touch. Growing up with a minister father drove your live into a straight forward path. There was no room for errors on any of their parts. Taking a deep breath Seth whispered another warning in her ear, though Kate could detect some other emotion behind his words. She wasn't sure what it was; sadness, protectiveness, anger, pleading? She wasn't sure but she made sure to hang on every word that escaped him as if it would be his last. Hand resting on her lower back Seth couldn't deny himself the feel of her smooth skin any longer. He knew they had moments if not seconds before Richie would walk through the door and it wouldn't do for her to be wearing the bikini again. Seth wouldn't allow it. \"Cover up fully little girl..It's not me that's the real monster.\" Later on as she stayed hidden within the confines of the bathroom wall's a little longer then he had allowed Seth would go over the words in his head as he trained the gun on the men still. \"Cover up fully little girl..It's not me that's the real monster.\" At the word monster he knew instantly who he had been talking about and surprisingly he didn't feel an ounce of guilt at calling his brother a monster, because that's what he truly was. Once they would head out and start their journey Seth would silently wonder if he had made a mistake at deciding to stick with this family for his task. He felt as if it would be harder to keep his brother away, keep his emotions out of play then it would getting through the boarder of Mexico.[Chapter 2] The Drive from Hell (The Talk, Boarder patrol, Bathroom knock out.) Once again Seth Gecko regretted his decision when it came to his younger brother at that moment. That was already two times within the last few hours, something must def. be wrong with him! Normally he would never once second guess himself. Second guessing usually got you into trouble; or well in Seth's case locked up for ten years. A grimace appeared on his face giving off the impression that he was in pain, but in reality he was thinking or more wondering. The Gecko brothers were not good with displaying emotions on their features; normally Seth would just stick with the normal angry look no matter what he felt. But the grimace still remained on his face as he leaned against the dash of the RV, his legs sprawled out in front of him on the carpeted floor. Jacob who he had grown to know was an ex-minister was driving them toward the boarder of Mexico, as Ritchie remained in the back with the kids. Ritchie, the main reason behind his sudden second guessing. He should of known from the moment they walked into the RV that Ritchie couldn't be trusted in the back with the kids. Even though a nagging feeling kept pestering him telling him to switch places with his creep of a younger brother he tried to give Ritchie the benefit of the doubt. After all he had yet to do anything. Yet being the key word. Would Seth really let it go as far as it had in the past? That question still lingered on the edge of his mind awaiting a 100% answer. Still as he leaned against the dash and listened to the aggravated voice of Jacob go on and on he couldn't seem to tear his eyes away from the back of the RV. He could barely make out the image of his brother leaning forward on what seemed to be a pull out table, his mouth opening and closing at a rapid speed. Even though Seth couldn't see them at the moment he knew Kate and Scott sat on the other side of the table, probably curled as far back as they could judging from the way Ritchie leaned even farther over the table as he continued to speak. For a few minutes Seth couldn't seem to open his mouth and yell at his younger brother even though his mind and inner voice demanded that he do just that. He instead remained still on the floor his hand toying with the loaded gun in his lap as he tried to pay attention to what the minister was saying. Still the words were coming in and out as if he wasn't sitting just next the old man but somewhere half across the room trying to pay attention. Seth caught the sight of Richie's hand, the bloodied one (that damn fool) reach forward across the table as his features took on an anxious look. At that very moment Seth secretly wished he had learned how to read lips that little trait would have paid off dearly at that very moment. But still Seth didn't need to read lips to understand whatever was being said was a one way conversation and it was currently going on in his baby brother's little head. Growing aggravated himself at the dumb antics of his brother he placed the gun alittle too roughly on his lap, thankful that he had been cautious enough to place the safety on it before entering the RV. Why had he fooled himself and thought from the beginning that today might just be different. That he could possibly control his brother's actions and keep things at bay. Look where thinking got him. \"Ritchie!\" At the sound of his voice Seth's younger brother pulled himself away from the table and venturing a look outwards toward him. He could see his face clearly now and there wasn't a mistake that his brother had a murderous look on his face. Good, deserved him right to be intruppeted, Seth thought as he started to talk again. Once more the teasing tone was back in his voice giving off the impression everything was just fine and dandy but Kate knew if she could just catch a glimpse of his face she would see just how dandy things were. From just being around the man for a short hour or so she could already see he carried his emotions in his eyes, something he obviously was unaware of. \"Do tell me if I'm wrong young brother; but are you being forced to talk to those kids while your back there?\" Even though he had just asked a question Seth went on wanting to take some of his frustration out, even if it was toward his un-expecting, slightly undeserving baby brother. \"Please do tell me if those kids had somehow gotten the upper hand of you so I can take over the situation?\" Silence filled the Rv, the only sound that could be heard was slight uneven breathing escaping Seth's parted lips as he pushed himself farther back into the dash. The sharp edge of the handle digging into his tender flesh, the slight pain a welcoming distraction for him. \"I'm waiting!\" Ritchie jumped almost clear out of his seat as his brother snapped at him. He knew better than to keep his brother waiting but damnit he was sick of being treated like a kid. He was an adult here! He had the gun also, and if he wanted to have a fucking conversation with these kids then so be it. If he wanted to accept the young girl's offer and take her right there on the RV's floor then so be it. Seth Gecko be damn, he wasn't going to stop him anymore! IT was time that Ritchie showed his older brother just how grown he was. \"noo…\" A soft mumble left Ritchie's defeated body as he leaned back against the cushion seat. His head dropping slightly downwards as he silently hoped the girl wouldn't take back her offer at the sight of his weakness. She just needed to understand he was doing this for them! He was trying to keep the peace so when night fall came and they received their money maybe she could come along! A full fledge smile formed on the defeated man's features. A first real smile in a long, long time. Still staring at his younger brother Seth couldn't help but feel a panic rise in him at the sight of the smile. Normally one would be happy to see their sibling finally accepting reality and being happy, but Seth knew Ritchie had no reason to be happy. He had no reason to smile except the false hopes within his mind; those hopes were soon going to get him in trouble he thought as he shook his head. \"Good don't let me hear another word from you or I'll come back there and gag you.\" With that final threat the RV once more fell into silence as Jacob seemed to subconsciously push harder onto the gas pedal willing the old piece of metal to go faster. He needed to get his family as far away from these evil clutches as he could. In the future days after this incident when he and his brother have gotten their money and they're miles and miles away from El Ray he figured he'd laugh at this memory. No, Seth was certain he would laugh at this memory. What other type of criminal would find themselves in a situation as Seth and his brother Ritchie were in at the moment. Sure he had known that he would have to hide once they entered the stop section that was heavily being guarded by police, but never did he think he would end up in the bathroom with both his brother and the sudden desire of his fucked up emotions. To make matters worse all three occupants of the ever growing small bathroom were currently squished together in the shower stall, trying to keep their feet from view if any officers decided they would try to sneak a peek underneath the door. Even though the crack between the door and the carpeted floor offered only a small ray of light into the bathroom Seth was certain that anyone would be able to see feet if they tried hard enough. That was why he had demanded they all stand in the shower. Right? He was only doing it for their good. If they were to get caught he was certain that the end result wouldn't be good. He certain of that, he thought as his hand once again gripped the weight of the gun in his left hand tighter as he strained his ears to listen to the conversation going on in the front. Now Seth Gecko prided himself on his attention span and being able to stay rooted into a moment. He didn't have many traits that he could call upon besides shooting a gun and causing trouble, but being able to remain calm in any given situation was one thing he was good at. Then why all of a sudden was he finding it hard to listen to the officer and Jacob speak? He blamed in on the short air supply in the room. He blamed it on the bad smell coming from his brother's wounded hand as they once more squished themselves farther back into the stall as feet appeared out the door. He blamed it on everything but the feel of the female's rapidly rising and falling chest on his back. \"You just called me a fucking nut!\" The aggravated shrill voice of his brother brought him once more back to the present. He hadn't even realized that he had said anything till he heard his brother's voice directed toward him. Did he call him a fucking nut? It wasn't like it would have been the first time he had. Even though he couldn't remember uttering the words he realized he had to of been the one who spoke because judging from the tremble that escaped the girl behind him he knew she wouldn't of uttered a single word. Not at that moment, not with Richie's gun pointed directly into the side of her left cheek. Taking one deep calming breath he waited for his brother to shut the hell up. That never came. If anything his voice got even louder and shriller. Kate Fuller couldn't believe her luck! Only being a day away from the age of eighteen she had pictured her birthday in her head so many times. Even with the interruption her father's sudden packing up and departure from their childhood house she knew deep down that nothing was going to fuck up her birthday for her. In a matter of possibly a couple of hours she would be grown women, and no one was going to make her feel like that child again. How wrong she had been. Because at the current moment she felt even younger than her true age. She tried to control her breathing as she pushed herself even farther back into the already closing in shower stall. Her eyes were trained on the man before her as she took notice of how he seemed to tense up for a split second. She wondered what was going on in his head. Why should he tense? She was the one with a damn gun pointed into her cheek! Still being lost in her thought she felt as if she had only just blinked when suddenly she felt herself being pushed if possible harder into the wall behind her. Wincing she reached out instinctually trying to catch herself with her hands but only causing pain to shoot up in her left wrist. Just fucking great! As she tried to regain her balance she heard a loud voice that def. wasn't her father, or her brother and after once more blinking again she realized the voice was coming from the man beside her. Not Seth, no it was coming from his brother what did he call him? \"Richie.\" Ah that was his name! Richie was currently screaming almost at the top of his lungs about some nonsense about breaking Seth out of jail. After all of this was over with and she was sitting in the police station reliving the events over and over again, she would think back to this moment and wonder why she hadn't grown even more scared of Seth at the notion he had escaped from jail. Still she couldn't find the emotion inside of her to be scared of him except the normal fear of not knowing; she was though scared of Ritchie, his heavy breathing on the side of her face as he took a moment to allow his brother to speak before starting up once more. She could see that Seth was getting extremely aggravated from his brother's yelling. If she wasn't in such close proximity of two males then she probably wouldn't have caught the way he rolled his shoulders, and tilted his head to each side possibly popping the restricted muscles. She wasn't sure what caused her to say his name, or why it had come out as softly as it had but as feet neared closer to the bathroom door once more she whispered his name. Reaching forward with an attentive hand to place onto his shoulder which was no surprise tense. Gasping she jumped almost out of her skin as all of a sudden Seth's arm snapped upwards and then slightly backwards connecting with Ritchie's surprised face. As Richie fell backwards slightly landing a little on Kate she couldn't help but turn her eyes forward for the first time since they had been in the bathroom her orbs connecting with the mirror that overlooked the shower stall. She couldn't understand or comprehend the look that passed over Seth's face as they're eyes connected for a split second. He looked slightly guilty. Pained even. If it had pained him to harm his brother then why had he done it? She thought once more feeling like the child that she was.[Chapter 3] I know this part of the movie never took place but I always did wonder. Hidden Words (Of jealousy and tender embraces.) \"God, that was intense.\" Seth Gecko's overly happy voice could be heard throughout the RV as he pushed himself out of the bathroom door, allowing his eye's to quickly sweep over the surrounding space of the RV as if to check for himself that there was no hidden police men anywhere. Seeing nothing he still felt a pang of nervousness sweep through him as he almost leapt onto the couch seating that Ritchie had occupied earlier in the day. With a knee holding his full weight up he pulled the extremely nasty patterned curtain back and only then, only when he saw the police remaining behind did he allow a breath to leave his body. Feeling excited and almost on cloud nine with escaping the police once more he leapt from the couch seating. Passing the jape on his way to the bathroom, only extending an arm for a split second to ruffle the young man's hair. Scott groaned as the criminal's hand pushed its way into his hair. What was wrong with these two? He faintly thought as he watched a grin the size of a melon appear on the man's face as he started to bang onto the bathroom door as Scott had done moments ago. \"Kate, come on get out here!\" Kate Fuller didn't have to be told twice as she quickly pulled herself up from the toilet that she had remained sitting on even after the police officer had left. She didn't want to make the mistake of standing up and possibly flashing Seth or the now unconscious Richie. Just at the thought of flashing Seth her bare bottom or even a slight view of her pale thigh sent a warm blush to her cheeks. With shaking hands she pulled her underwear and bottoms up in one quick swish, thankful that she had decided against her normal white cotton undies and instead went with her Cheetah print ones, so unlike the innocent Kate. Once again she wondered if she was going through some kind of emotional distress as her thoughts wondered to her undies. Why did it matter what kind of underwear she had worn today? Even though she tried to shrug away the thought she knew she had been thankful that Seth could only see the cheetah print and not the white cotton ones. When she got free from the two intruding men she would wonder why it had matter if Seth saw her white underwear or not. \"Kate!\" Another loud bang echoed throughout the bathroom causing the young girl to gasp and jump. Seth's voice sounded annoyed and aggravated and she wondered if by her ignoring his command that she had suddenly ruined the mood that he was in. Blinking once she reached forward and pushed the door open stepping out of the bathroom and right into the chest of one Seth Gecko. Fuck. Gasping she ducked her head quickly hopping to hide the blush that warmed her cheeks from anyone's prying eyes. Her hair shielding her face as she remained pressed up against him for a second longer. Her left hand had ended up on his chest, fingers spread out as they grasped the white material of his undershirt, and her right hand had ended up connecting with his gun arm. As she leaned into him she tried to remind herself that the only reason her heart was pounding extremely loud in her ears was because he's a criminal. He's a criminal Kate. She kept repeating to herself as she willed her body to react with her new thoughts and move away from the offending male but sadly she couldn't even make her fingers twitch. It was as if her body was completely out of her control. Jacob who was still driving had noticed the awkward silence filling the camper, so deciding to take a glance to the review mirrors sent a pang of disgust, and worry into his stomach. Just what the hell was this man thinking? Jacob thought as he saw his body pressed against his innocent loving, naive daughters. Not really knowing how to break them apart he turned his eyes back onto the road. His mind straying to the thought of pray, something he hadn't done in a long time. Gulping some, Seth decided it was just about time he pulled away from the female before him. Though just like Kate he couldn't find the energy or will to move his legs. He did muster enough strength to reach up and grasp onto the wrist that was sprawled on his chest. He didn't mean to grab ahold of her tightly. He didn't even realize his grip was tight till he heard a small whimper escape the young girl before him. At that sound he felt his heart beat stop right then in there. He couldn't explain the real emotion that surged through him as he lifted his head upwards to stare into her wide, fearful orbs. Never in Seth Gecko's life had he ever had the sudden urge to say sorry to anyone, for his actions. NEVER! But all of a sudden as he stood before the female grasping her wrist he couldn't explain the urge to just whisper a silent sorry. Not moving his eyes from hers he pulled her wrist from his chest, but still not releasing her. That action too caused another wince of pain to add to her features, her nose pulling up into a scrunched expression. Hold on just a minute! Seth knew he hadn't grabbed ahold of her that hard to cause another wince to escape her parted lips. Seth took a step backwards slightly to cause a noticeable gab so that he didn't have to be that close to her or keep smelling her scent. A sweet smell of strawberries and something else he couldn't pinpoint at the moment insulted his nostrils. Now with the gap between them he pulled his arm up that was still connected to her wrist. Finally lowering his eyes he almost felt himself wince as he noticed the swollen purple mark that surrounded the outside of her pale wrist. He slightly wondered how she had gotten that one, not remembering manhandling her any. That's till the memory of the bathroom incident came back to him. Ritchie hadn't of thrown her that hard? Did he? Growling at the thought of Ritchie putting his nasty hands on her! Even though he had known that Ritchie had been touching her the whole time they had been in contact with them. Taking one deep calm breath he pulled her hand up closer to his face so his orbs could inspect the damage done. As he trailed his eyes over her pale wrist he couldn't stop his index finger from rubbing soothing circles onto her skin. \"Why didn't you tell this had happened?\" He asked softly wondering if he had even spoken but realized he must have by how her eyes lit up some. Kate felt a moment of confusion wondering who he was talking too till she felt his fingers rubbing her sore, throbbing wrist. What was he playing at? He was there the moment the whole thing went down, he saw his brother shove her into the wall. Hell he had probably instructed his brother to manhandle her till she obeyed completely like some toy. Even as those thoughts played out in her head she knew deep down it wasn't true. She knew Seth had yet to give her any reason to fear him, or his instructions. So far all he's done was look out for her and her family. A shiver slipped through her at the thought of how everything would have turned out if Seth hadn't been the one to capture them. If Ritchie was all alone. That thought sent a sickness straight to the pit of her stomach. \"Ritchie.\" Another growled escaped the man before him and if humanly possible she saw his facial features take on an even angrier tone at the mention of his brother. \"It…it was when we were in the bathroom. The wall, he..pushed…my wrist.\" Her words broke out into a sentence full of half sentences, though Seth knew what she was saying. Kate tried to explain everything quickly not wanting something bad to break out by just her one worded explanation moments ago. A nod was the only thing that Seth gave as an explanation that he had heard her speak. The next thing Kate observed was how he tenderly rubbed at her wrist one last time. The feel of his finger smoothing down her wrist sent a chill throughout her body that she hopped she concealed somewhat from view. Feeling the contact break she didn't mean to look so disappointed but damnit she was. She silently wondered if she was going through some sort of Stockholm syndrome so early on. Seth's eyes connected with hers one last time before he turned out and screamed at her brother to help him collect Ritchie. She couldn't help but read into his view alittle more then she should have, she figured. She caught some sort of emotion snap in his eyes pity, sorrow, worry? Once again she wasn't sure. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own From Dusk till Dawn or anyone of the actors or actresses. Sadly! After bei"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Santa Håkan","Author":"InfectedByEli","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8779154","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is in response to a comment from someone on the 'We The Infected' forum. It's just a bit of fun ... in a Bah Humbug sort of way. The premise is that Håkan has a job in a shopping mall as Santa. Who would make a better Santa than Håkan? He loves children ... maybe a little too much. Knowledge of the book Låt Den Rätte Komma In is recommended. . Eli watched as the last little child left the mall, raising her hand in response to the energetic waving that carried so much friendship, gratitude, and innocent unknowingness. She could hear Håkan packing the left over gifts into the over-large red sack, edged with white fur. \"Wait\", she said. \"Just let me...\" She picked up a wrapped box and shook it, heard a rattling, dropped it into the bag. The next was a book, that was easy to tell. \"A book?\" she said, looking at Håkan with raised eyebrows. \"Hey, kids need an educa...\" he stopped short, as he realised that Eli hadn't had the luxury of going to school. \"Would I like it?\" A slightly puzzled look appeared on his face, \" Can you read?\" \"A little. Mostly older books\". \"English?\" \"No\". \"Then, no. You wouldn't like to get this book as a gift\". He left the Grotto, and went to start picking up sweet wrappers and flyers that people had dropped on the floor. Leaving Eli to her thoughts. She heard him muttering about how people had no respect any more, no respect for either themselves or others. Turning her attention back to the pile of gifts, she picked up the next one to go into the sack, a small box that didn't rattle when shaken. She tried to think about the things she had, back at the flat, that would fit into the box, and weigh about the same. It was pointless, there were too many things like that. She pressed the paper against box inside to see if she could make out a word on the packaging. No good, the paper was too thick. There was a gap where the selotape hadn't completely sealed the join in the wrapping but she couldn't see anything that would tell her what was inside. She looked around inside the grotto, no-one there. She checked on Håkan, no-where in sight. Retiring into the shadows she sat cross legged on the floor, hands in her lap, holding the gift. \"I never get presents\" she thought. \"Would it really be so bad if I took this one, for myself? All those other kids got one. Yes, I think this will be 'my' present.\" Carefully peeling the selotape away, Eli slowly unwrapped the gift. She wasn't going to just rip at the wrapping in a frenzy, this was special, this was an event. She was going to savour it and... \"Hello?\" Eli froze. \"Anyone there?\" A young girl's voice. \"Hello\" responded Eli, still from the shadows. \"Oh! You startled me\", said the girl with her hand on her chest, over a rapidly beating heart. \"I'm sorry, I was just...\" Eli stopped there. What could she say? What wouldn't sound a bit strange about sitting in the dark in an empty Santa's Grotto? The silence grew. Broken by the girl, \"I ... er ... that is ... I just wanted to ... erm ... when I was here earlier with my parents ... I noticed that you seemed...\" Eli just stood there, silent, looking into the girls eyes. \"You seemed ... sad. Like you were giving away all these presents and ... well, you seemed sad\". Eli thought about the present she had been unwrapping and realised it isn't a real present if you just take it, it must be given, willingly. \"Anyway, I thought you might like a present of your own. \"A present?\" The girl nodded. \"For me?\" \"Uh huh\" \"I … er\". The girl stepped closer. \"I don't get many presents\" Håkan made his way slowly back down the stairs. He thought it was wise to use the staff toilets, he avoided public toilets as much as he could, ever since the Stockholm Library ... event. One wall of the stairwell was made of strengthened clear plastic that looked out onto the main floor of the mall. He could see the cleaners putting the cleaning equipment out ready for when the mall officially closes in ten minutes time. They looked like small animals from this angle and height, not human at all. He could see some of the shops had already closed the shutters, prematurely. He tutted, \"No commitment these days\". He watched as a young girl made her way along the row of shops. He watched. Shook his head, and carried on his way down to the next level. As he went past the clear plastic wall again, he glanced out onto the shopping area. The young girl was still walking along towards the ... \"Towards the Grotto?\" . He quickened his pace, he had a bad feeling about this. \"I should never have left Eli alone\" he berated. Finally on the ground floor he paused momentarily to catch his breath, he was not as healthy as he had once been. Without running, he walked as quickly as he dared. All the time trying to convince himself that Eli wouldn't do anything stupid, \"Would she?\" . He half burst, half stumbled through the door to the Grotto, pulled up quickly as he saw Eli, blood on her face, blood on her costume, one fake Elf ear knocked askew. \"Håkan. I...\". He looked to the ground, to the bundle of flesh and clothes that had once been a person, a child. \"Oh, Eli\". A sinking feeling that threatened to overwhelm him, grabbed at his heart and pulled him down to the ground. \"Why?\" \"I...\". \"Can't I have one thing? Can't I just do one thing to make children happy, without hurting them?\" \"I couldn't help it. She said she wanted to give me a present. I misunderstood...\" Håkan looked across at the young girl lying on the floor, motionless, eyes open ... seemingly still looking up at Eli's eyes. A pattern in the blood on her neck, a lip print, Eli's lip print. \"Quick, empty that bag\" he motioned towards his 'Santa's sack'. Lifting the child he was grateful that Eli hadn't yet 'broken the connection' He wasn't sure he could stand to see that done to a child. \"Never a child\" he heard in his head \"Never a child\" . The girl's arm dangled loosely below her, her hand still gripping a small, hastily wrapped, package. He placed the girl in the bottom of the sack, smoothed her hair, told her he was sorry. \"I'm going to put the things away outside. You had better ... do what you have to do ... to stop the infection\". He couldn't bring himself to say it, but in his head he could hear the noise, the snapping, the crackling. Alone again in the Grotto, Eli moved over to the sack and its gruesome contents. Sitting on her chest and gripping the girl's small head in her hands, she turned it, twisted it, all the way round. It had to be done. A small corner poked into her leg as she moved to get up. The present. The present the girl intended to give. Eli took it from the dead girl's hand and put it in her pocket. When Håkan returned, he was relieved to find that Eli had covered the girl's corpse with the gifts that had been left over. At least he didn't have to look at the girl's face again. Not until later, at least. By nine o'clock Håkan, Eli, and a ridiculously heavy Santa's Sack were waiting at the rear of the shopping mall for the taxi to arrive. \"Don't speak to me\". \"But...\" \"I said be quiet\" Håkan shouted as he dropped the sack on the floor of the kitchen. \"But...\" A stare that could stop a rampaging succubus at twenty yards cut her off, after only one word. \"I have to deal with this\", he said pointing to the red sack, with a slightly different red colour to one side at the bottom. Eli retired to the bathroom, locking the door. She could hear Håkan pacing and muttering in the other room as she clambered into the bath and lay down. She didn't like the restrictiveness of the Elf costume she was wearing, and wriggled around to get comfortable. Suddenly she remembered the present that the girl had wanted to give her, and that she had put it into her pocket earlier on. She pulled it out and examined the wrapping. It had been torn a little on one corner, where some plastic was showing through. Slowly unwrapping the paper, she revealed a little toy bunny, on a keychain, in clear plastic packaging. \"Hey. Bunny,\" she said over her shoulder, \"You have a new friend\". Håkan lowered the Sack to the ground outside the front door to the block of flats. It was cold, and there would soon be new snow. He looked about to see if there was anyone around, the coast was clear. \"Now, where did I put that sled?\" . Notes - Yes, I am aware that Eli was once Elias, but if I want to refer to Eli as 'she', then I will. ","Summary":" This is in response to a comment from someone on the 'We The Infected' forum. It's just a bit of fu"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Regrets","Author":"InfectedByEli","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9666800","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Regrets She had been in the town centre for quite a while, busily visiting shops and drawing a neat line through the items on the list as she bought them. The handles on the plastic carrier bags, supplied free by the supermarkets, had begun to hurt her hands. She knew that she should just buy a proper bag, with real handles, but she also knew what that would mean. It would mean that she was getting old. Only old women used those kind of bags. Spotting a vacant public bench, she decided to rest for a little while, to give her fingers a dose of oxygen laden blood, with its restorative powers. Surprisingly, was she looking forward to Christmas this year. It had been too long since she had last spent any real time with her sister and her family, and now she was going to stay there for a whole week. Her sister's husband was going to be away over the holidays, it's a work thing, so it will be just her, her sister, and the two kids, alone in the house over Christmas. She knew her sister would be just fine without her, and she was quite sure that the invitation was a heartfelt form of charity. But charity nonetheless. At first she had wanted to say that she had had other plans, but then the idea of being around children again had become the main topic of her thoughts. These thoughts had crept up on her when she was busy doing other things; the clamour, the activity, simple childish pleasures, the energy of … life. It had been a long time, too long. She had phoned her sister back after only one day to accept her offer, and since then the excitement had been growing … a family Christmas … of sorts. Lost in her thoughts she hadn't noticed the young boy that had taken up position on the bench, next to her. The first she knew of anyone being there was a throaty cough, followed by a long, struggling sniffle. She tried not to look, it wasn't polite to just turn and look directly at a stranger. From the corner of her eye she could make out his brown coat and black gloves, but what caught her attention the most was his blonde hair. It was easy to spot as it shone in the sunlight like a beacon. Her breath caught in her chest, but she knew it wasn't him. It was never him. She had seen him hundreds of times over the years, and had actually given chase on more than one occasion. Of course, it hadn't ever turned out to be Oskar, he was never the one she had seen, and followed. It was always some other blonde kid meeting with friends, or loving dutiful parents. She sat on the bench, and the boy sat next to her. Neither of them looking directly at, or talking to, the other. And she started to imagine that it was ... that it was Oskar, sitting there. She imagined that he was sulking and not speaking to her, because she wouldn't buy him a toy he had wanted. That, previously, they had been shopping together, and had visited that new café in the precinct, and had warmed themselves with a hot drink. He had been quite grown up, and had held open some doors for her. Yes, he was a good boy, that loved his mother and he wouldn't do anything to... hurt her. Because he loved her. And later she would treat him to some chocolate, whatever he wanted, to make up for being strict with him earlier. Then they could wrap these presents up together at the dining table, but he would get tired and go to bed, kissing her on the cheek as he left the room... But as the boy got up from the bench and left, she could see that it wasn't Oskar. It was never Oskar. She could feel the tears bulging at her eyes, and she hated herself just a little more. Her sensible, reproachful side spoke up, demanding answers. \"Why do you have to do it?\" \"Why do you give in every time? It makes no sense, he is gone, and never coming back\". \"Why put yourself through this?\" \"Why torture yourself?\" \"Why?\" The answer was always the same, and it was always true, \"Because it's better than nothing\". For a few fleeting moments he had been back, and he had loved her, she had a future again, and she was allowed to live. But every time she fed the hunger, that little bit of her she gave was lost, and she was becoming smaller, and smaller. She had become quite adept at hiding it over the years, the all pervading sense of loss, betrayal, rejection ... her failure. The conviction that it was all her fault was woven into her every fibre. She had been the one living with him, she had been the responsible one, she had been the one that was supposed to have been looking after him, loving him, putting him first above her own needs. She often questioned the choices she had made. If she was honest with herself, she could tell something had been wrong with him. He wasn't the same as the other kids. He hadn't had any friends. He had used to have friends, but that had all changed, she knew that he had been troubled by something, but whenever she had tried to talk to him about it he shut her out. She had told herself that she was giving him some privacy, allowing him to keep some measure of dignity, but she had known deep down, that it had just been easier to pretend. Don't ask too many questions, don't rock the boat. It was easier to pretend that he had been happy, and then she could be happy too. Yes, she questioned the choices she had made. ","Summary":" Regrets She had been in the town centre for quite a while, busily visiting shops and drawing a neat"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Eli Wakes","Author":"InfectedByEli","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9061776","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Eli Wakes She became aware of the sound, the first she had heard for a long time. How long, she did not know. What kind of sound it was, she did not know. But she knew it was a sound. Tired... Sleep... Again, that sound. It wasn't just another thought, another half memory come to tease, and punish her. She had definitely heard it, but ... what was it? Was it a good sound, or...? She waited for it, waited to hear it again. If she could hear, then she was alive. If she could hear a sound, then she wasn't the only thing alive. All was quiet. Sleep... The Sun, playing with friends ... with family. But ...\" Is this a dream? It is so real, it can't be a dream \". She sees her mother picking fruit from bushes, red stains on her hands, a gentle breeze in her hair. She turns and looks over to Eli, checking, protecting, a slight smile on her mouth, and love in her eyes. A sound ... the sound ... like someone tapping on an empty box, rhythmically, but with more energy than that. \" How do I know that? \" All is dark, there is only the sound, and the dark. \" It was just a dream. A dream sent to torture me \". Eli remembers that her mother is ... that she will never see her mother again. Crying... Sleep... The sound is moving. Every time she hears it, the sound is moving. When it's above her, she can feel it. The sound hits her skin, travels through her body, exits. It has a pattern to it. It repeats. \" Ba-da-dum. Ba-da-dum. Ba-da-dum \". Ancient joints protest and resist the movement. Sinews threaten to snap, but hold. Muscles tense, and relax. Progress is slow, but steady. Upward, towards the point where the sound will pass. Upward in the dark. The sound. It's here. The sound is back and it is a beautiful sound, the sound of a life. Eli waits, still concealed in the dark that has been her home for so long. Waiting for the sound to bring itself to her. Waiting. A sudden pressure on her back as a hoof descends through the loosened soil. Spine and ribs bend under the immense force. Pain so intense, so brutal. Screams from above as the horse hits the ground and slides to a halt at the base of a tree. Then ... quiet. Eli lies still. Thinking. Healing. The Sun's rays cast long shadows, they colour the trees a fiery red. She stays in the hole. She is safe in the hole, the Sun is low. She sniffs the air, it is moist and warm. She waits. Cold. Snow. Hungry. 'What's that?' 'This?' Yes.' 'You don't know?' 'No.' ... Cold. Him. Contented. 'Don't you eat sweets?' ' I can't. ' 'None?' 'Nope.' Eli wakes with a start. A sound of heavy breathing is punctuated only by a faint whimpering. The moon is out, its cold light fills her hiding place, it is high and bright. Shakily she half stands, only to fall back into a crouch. She is weak, and hungry. Following the sound of another living creature, she rounds the carcass of the horse. A voice. A woman's voice. \"Help, who's there? Can you help me? Please ... ple...\". The voice stops, the words stop. Replaced by a mixture of half words and pleas to a God that won't answer. Can't answer, he has no jurisdiction over the being that faces her. Eli is beyond his reach. Eli watches the woman's progress as she crawls backwards, away from her. Dragging her damaged leg as if it is merely attached to her, wishing that it was no longer part of her, for it will slow her down. Furtively she looks behind, looks for a clear route, tries not to lose sight of the creature… \"I'm sorry\" The woman stops, mid-manoeuvre, faces the form that waits, motionless. \"Oh, thank god. I thought you were some kind of wild animal\", a nervous laugh escapes her throat. \"Please, you must help me, I...\". A clear, hollow rattle fills the space between them. Eli curls up in pain. \"Are you hurt? Did my horse hurt you?\" \" Yes. A horse. That's what it's called. I remember now \" A ragged exhalation. \"Your horse did not hurt me\", she lied. \"But you're in pain?\" \"No, it's okay\", another lie. \"You're so small. Come closer so that I can see you better\". Looking around, and sniffing the air, she lingers. Once she is satisfied that they are alone, Eli approaches the woman on all fours, worried that her legs wouldn't be able to support her. She doesn't know why it is important that they are alone, just that it is. The thought disturbs her. She stops when she is just out of reach of the woman. Bathed in the blue/white light her haggard and dried up skin is exposed in stark reality. The moon is harsh and doesn't flatter. Trying not to show the disgust she feels, the woman asks \"Do you live near here?\". Grimacing as she turns to regard her now dead horse. \"No, I don't ... You're hurt\" More of a statement than a question. \"Yes ... Could you get my mobile from the holder on the saddle? It's just there. I can see it\". \"Mobile?\" \"Yes, my phone\" Eli looks around, searching for something familiar, something she can use to make sense of what the woman is saying. \"Look. Look where I'm pointing\". Eli sees a dead horse, she has no idea what else the woman could be pointing at. \"Where are you hurt?\" \"What? ... oh, my leg. I don't think it's broken but I can't put any weight on it. My phone, it's just...\" \"Does it hurt a lot?\" \"Yes. Yes it does. There's a huge gash on the outside of my thigh, luckily it had stopped bleeding before I came to, but it still hurts like crazy\". The woman wondered whether she should mention her phone again, it didn't seem like this ... person ... intended to get it for her. Would she have to crawl over there herself and get it? She could probably make it, but it wouldn't be easy. \" Blood, yes. That's what that smell is. I thought I recognised it ... but why would I know what blood smells like, and be able to recognise it? \" A stifled cry attracts her attention, the woman is trying to get to the horse. She has managed to drag herself a few meters away from her resting place while Eli was deep in thought. \"I can help you with the pain\", she offers. \"Really?\" Eli nods. \"Well why didn't you say so earlier?\" said the woman with a slightly raised voice. \"I don't want to sound ungrateful, but I could have done with 'not being in pain' for a while now\". Eli regards the woman calmly, unaffected by her slight outburst. \"I'm sorry\", offers the woman. \"It's just that I want the pain to stop, I want to get up and go home. I just want this to ... stop\" the final word dissolves into a blubbing, elongated vowel. Eli watches, unmoved, unmoving. The woman's sobs subside into a quiet keening that serves to give herself some measure of comfort. Eli approaches her slowly, unsighted by the woman. She places her hand on the woman's shoulder. Startled, the woman jumps slightly and then relaxes. \"Lie on your back\", Eli whispers. The woman complies. She strokes the woman's hair, while gently holding onto her arm. \"Shhh\". She lies with her head on the woman's chest as it rises and falls with successive breaths. Taking comfort, for herself, from the rhythm. A feeling of peace comes over the woman as she listens to the song, quietly emanating from the tiny form lying across her. The size of a child, and yet, clearly not a child. Eli listens to the air as it enters and leaves the woman's lungs, listens as the air comes in longer breaths, slower breaths. She listens to the sticky squirt of the blood as it passes through the woman's arteries, centimetres below her ear. The softened thud of the heart as it pushes the elixir of life out into the woman's body, to spread its lifeforce. The woman lies on the ground. She feels no more pain. Eli lies above her, stroking her hair, mouth at her throat, stealing her life, hating herself, crying. She cries for the loss of life, she cries at the realisation of what she is, and for ... the person that no longer awaits her return. She cries at having to face the truth, alone ... again. 'Would you want to … become like me?' ' No. I would like to be with you, but …' 'No, of course you don't. I understand.' End ","Summary":" Eli Wakes She became aware of the sound, the first she had heard for a long time. How long, she did"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Touch","Author":"InsanityatBest","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11020339","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yulia sat at the table stiff and tense like the porcelain doll her mother grew up with. Both were unusually pale with small lips that formed into perfect pink Cupid's bows. Both had thick dark eyebrows and round eyes that seemed too large on their face. Their hair was dark and curly though Yulia's looked blue in certain lights and was longer. They even shared a button nose that tilted upwards at the tip. There was only one difference between Yulia and the doll. Yulia's naturally wide green eyes blinked. At the moment, they were focused on the white table cloth that covered her father's mahogany table. A freshly cut bouquet of flowers sat at the middle of the table ignored and forgotten in the upcoming winter. Yulia's face angled downward at the table causing every ringlet to fall in her face like a black waterfall. Across from her, Yulia's father Ralph sat equally silent. He played with the remains of his pasta grey eyes focused on the sauce-covered strands. Daughter and father seemed worlds apart and like roommates if not strangers. The only thing they seemed to share was the same dark hair from his own father. \"I'm working late tonight. Remember to set your alarm.\" His eyes never rose from his near empty plate. Yulia didn't react. It was as if she didn't hear him at all. She thought of her late mother and how different life used to be. She used to wake me up for school. \"Your hair's in front of your face again. I thought I got you more headbands. The world can't take you seriously until you show your face\" 'Mom used to do my hair,' she thought tucking some of the long strands behind her ears. 'We used to sing and talk for hours just playing with it.\" I wish she was here. \"Can't you say at least two words to me?\" Ralph's words were not pleading but seemed almost bored. \"Good night,\" Yulia tried to say back in Swedish but her voice is a little rough from disuse and Ralph rises. He takes his time walking behind Yulia and places one large hand over her head. \"Good Yulia. How do you expect to get better if you don't talk?\" He pats it three times much like how'd you reward a dog. Yulia exhales but has no other visible reaction. Ralph grabs his coat on the way out. \"Remember to lock the door on the way out.\" Yulia turns around and raises the golden key hanging from a matching chain around her neck without a word. He shuts the door and Yulia relaxes. She slowly rises from the table ignoring the dirty plates and starts heading to her room. Yulia opens the door and heads towards her vanity. The reddish brown surface shines in the artificial light but she makes no mind to it finger combing the length from her scalp to her developing chest. Slowly the curls detangle and Yulia manages to finger comb it into a ponytail so she can see. Yulia then walks toward her bed being mindful of the gauzy white fabric. She lifts part of the full mattress and pulls out a pocket knife. One slim finger caresses it as if it were a beloved child. She imagines the look on Jonny's face if she would come up to him. He would back up falling to the ground in fear. His friends would run abandoning Jonny to her. She could almost feel the satisfaction of seeing Jonny's eyes widen and his pupils dilate to her presence. \"Bitch? Whose the bitch now?\" Yulia mutters this darkly under her breath and tightens her grip on the knife. \"Scream. Isn't that what you tell me to do? Scream? Scream!\" The last word exists in a rush as she rapidly stabs the air. As she finishes, the knife drops from her hands clattering on the wooden floor. Yulia sharply flinches at the dull sound: a reminder of this 'game.' \"What have I done?\" Her voice heightens in fear and she tries to take a deep breath to calm down. The black haired girl's quiver a little as she tries to breathe. An almost nauseous feeling settles deep in the pit of her stomach and she wraps her thin arms around herself as if trying to make the fear disappear. I wish Mom was here. A image of a beautiful woman pops into her mind. The woman smiles with perfectly straight teeth a couple shades lighter than her skin. The apples of her cheeks are a gentle pink like a rosette with matching small lips. Her hair is a bright golden blonde with the same curls as her daughter but it is her eyes that draw you in. Like Granny Smith apples, they are light and bold but how could such a sour fruit compare to the adoration in Renae's stare? I want my Mom. It'd be different if she was here. Yulia seems even smaller now as she tries to forget what she's just imagined and what she wants. \"I'm not a bad person. I just do bad things.\" Yulia can almost hear her mother's voice repeating them with her and she closes her eyes. The mantra does not lighten her heart but makes it easier to breathe. \"I'm not a bad person. I just do bad things.\" Her voice slightly wavers as she repeats herself. \"I'm not a bad person. I just do bad things.\" The last relaxes her enough for the sick feeling of fear to dissipate. She sighs and leans forward grabbing the pocket knife on the floor. Yulia carefully places it back under the mattress smoothing the sheets when she's done. The house seems almost haunted in its silence and it gives Yulia a small shiver down her back. She slowly rises and puts on the radio hearing a slow melody begin to travel through the apartment. Her shoulders relax and even a small grin begins to surface breaking the apathetic mask. She searches through her backpack and folders wrinkles as deft hands quickly find what she's looking for. A worn copy of Romeo and Juliet is pulled from the bag with yellowing pages and dog eared pages. If Yulia closes her eyes enough, she can almost smell her mother's favorite perfume. Gently, she flips through the worn pages to the introduction. Her voice is mellow and calm as she reads: a complete one eighty from five minutes prior. \"Two households, both alike in dignity, In fair Verona, where we lay our scene, From ancient grudge break to new mutiny, Where civil blood makes civil hands unclean. From forth the fatal loins of these two foes A pair of star-cross'd lovers take their life; Whole misadventured piteous overthrows Do with their death bury their parents' strife. The fearful passage of their death-mark'd love, And the continuance of their parents' rage, Which, but their children's end, nought could remove, Is now the two hours' traffic of our stage; The which if you with patient ears attend, What here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.\" Yulia stops as she hears a car approach. It's late enough that most people are already home from work and eating dinner not just coming home. Yulia softly puts the book on the bed creating a tent shape as she curiously looks out the window to see what's going on. A black car approaches crunching the snow in its with its headlights like cone shaped beacons of the night. A man walks out the car and Yulia notes the slight hunch as he opens the door for someone. A wife? A friend? Someone else walks out and Yulia's eyebrows furrow as she eyes the dark hair on the newcomer's head. Daughter? Son? As the man goes to the trunk, Yulia watches the smaller newcomer walk past the squared jungle gym and she sees the small footprints in the snow. Is that his son? Daughter? Without thinking, a small pale hand rises to the ground as she looks at the newcomers. A sense of longing hits and surprised at its unsought, she backs away retreating back to the bed. Maybe I won't be so alone. Author's Note: I know I already have so many other stories to update but this story won't leave me alone! Review please and let me know what you think! P.S. I don't own Let The Right One In or Romeo and Juliet even if you will the quotes here. ","Summary":" Yulia sat at the table stiff and tense like the porcelain doll her mother grew up with. Both were u"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Always Our Protector","Author":"Kassidy62","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6678042","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Always Our Protector LET THE RIGHT ONE IN (movie) Kassidy \"We need someone. A protector.\" Eli stood and reached for Oskar's hand. The train had been warm, but the hotel was cold. She didn't feel it. Even for appearances sake, she sometimes forgot to wear a coat. Oskar felt the cold, but he ignored it. Mostly he was used to it. He licked his lips. They were chapped. \"I don't want anyone with us.\" \"I know. It's necessary. I can't sign anything or conduct any business. You're too young, and I look too young.\" \"Do we have any more money after the train?\" Eli nodded. \"I paid the clerk for the room, didn't I? I told him Mother was ill in the restroom. I always get by. You'll see.\" Oskar pinched his lower lip between his fingers and worried it. \"So where do we look for a place to live?\" Eli shrugged. \"Anywhere. I have to hunt, but there's lots of people here to pick from.\" She frowned. \"Håkan tried for me, but he wasn't good at it. I'll have to be careful.\" \"We don't need anyone else. I'll be your protector.\" Eli smiled slightly, her eyes dark and knowing and warm. Oskar flushed, his shoulders drawn up tight. \"I can .\" \"I'm not laughing at you. It's nice.\" Eli squeezed his hand. \"We have a little time.\" Over the next week, Eli and Oskar tried twice to pay for an apartment. Even with cash they were refused. Eli said they'd have to go for something seedier where they'd take the cash with no questions. A man disappeared that same week less than a mile from the hotel. He left a pub sometime in the dark of early morning and never made it home. Oskar wondered, but said nothing. Mostly because he already knew. Ten days after they'd first checked in, Eli brought someone to the room. He was big and burly and in his fifties, iron in his blond hair, wearing a sweater that made him look broader than he was. He and Eli sat on the bed together. Oskar came in just as the man put a hand to Eli's cheek, touching her as if she were something delicate. Oskar walked over to stand beside them, his pale skin hectic, pulse hammering in his ears. Eli heard his beating heart. Her eyes widened. She reached for Oskar and touched his arm. \"Oskar, this is Alrik.\" Alrik smiled, looking a little anxious. It looked odd on his weathered face. \"Oskar, hello.\" Oskar didn't hear. The blood in his ears was very loud. He turned and picked up the bedside lamp and smashed it into Alrik's face. Blood poured from his nose. Alrik cried out and grabbed at Oskar. Eli leapt onto Alrik, shoving him down on the bed. She grabbed a pillow and straddled him, pushing down hard over his face. Alrik thrashed, his voice muffled and deep through the pillow. Oskar beat his body with the lamp. When Alrik was limp but still alive, Eli fed from him. Oskar watched as Alrik died. Finally Eli looked up, blood slicking her chin. A strand of her hair stuck to it. \"Do you want to pick our protector, then?\" \"I'm your protector. And you're mine.\" Eli nodded. She stood slowly and went to the bathroom. Oskar heard water running. He sat on the bed by Alrik's cooling body, waiting. When Eli finished washing, she came and sat beside Oskar. She pushed his blond hair off his forehead. He leaned close, his body relaxing against hers. \"Don't worry. We'll always get by,\" Eli whispered in his ear, then kissed him. Her fingers tapped out \"love\" on the bloody lamp between them, and Oskar smiled against her mouth. ","Summary":" Always Our Protector LET THE RIGHT ONE IN (movie) Kassidy \"We need someone. A protector.\" Eli sto"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Droplets","Author":"antigones","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7007960","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Droplets. Summary: As the blood trickles down her face, she feels his pain, the wrath of Johnny, and that's when she decides to kill them all. Disclaimer: I don't own anything. XxxX Drip. Drip. On to the carpet the blood falls. Over her face and down her chin. Drip. Drip. A punch, a slap. A branch, no a whip. Drip. Drip. Head first, Into the flush. So many punishments Poured on to one soul. Drip. Drip. Johnny, Tomas and Micke. All so cruel, ever so mean. Drip. Drip. Will never wake up, From their dreams. ","Summary":" Droplets. Summary: As the blood trickles down her face, she feels his pain, the wrath of Johnny, an"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Two Out of Three","Author":"CrimsonShadow345","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8055767","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Two out of Three 7:00 PM in the town of Blackeberg, Sweden as two young friends slept, curled up against eachother, A young boy just stumbling out of the cloud of depression, abuse and anxiety and even though she didn't look it, a very old woman. She slept curled up against his neck as his hand rested on her head. The CD player had very soft music playing which partially annoyed Eli but soothed Oskar, who had trouble getting to sleep. Having Eli with him helped but the music is what really soothed Oskar, who nuzzled against her head which made her giggle softly. The girl eventually nodded off to sleep against Oskar's chest, sleeping soundly until someone crept in. His hood concealing his face, but the cross pendant, the shine of it awoke her. She shot up, her eyes changing shape as her iris's glowed to reveal a priest, hidden by a hood and a wooden stake. Eli lunged, the priest getting a slash at her chest, but it quickly knit itself back together as it did not touch her heart. It didn't even have a chance too as her fangs completely ripped his throat open, blood spurting from the jugular as she wrapped her lips around it. Consuming the blood like the animal she was inside. Oskar woke up to the horror that was Eli in her true form, she continued to feed as Eli's fangs tore inside of the man as Oskar backed up against the door, appearing to be utterely paralyzed. Eli looked down at the corpse of what used to be a man, stepping on his head as she walked towards Oskar and pinched his neck, causing him to collapse on the floor in an instant. She carried him to the bed, tucked him in and changed back to her human form, washing her face of the stained blood and brushing her teeth. She took out a small piece of paper and wrote \" Dear Oskar, if you're reading this then I'm gone now. I have to go away for I don't know how long, days, weeks, months. Not sure, but thank you…for everything. You were the first to be my friend, and the first to love me. Even though I don't return what you feel for me, I greatly appreicate it…Well….I do love you. But I cannot be with you at this time, please try to smile for me. I got your favorite song on a CD for you.. Love Eli \" Oskar woke up a little later, only to find that the body was cleaned save for the bloodstains. But Eli was long gone, he read the letter she wrote and let it flutter to the floor, sobbing as he pressed play on the CD button, a familiar tune started to flow out of it. \" Baby we can talk all night But that ain't getting us nowhere I told you everything I possibly can There's nothing left inside of here And maybe you can cry all night But that'll never change the way I feel The snow is really piling up outside I wish you wouldn't make me leave here I poured it on and I poured it out I tried to show you just how much I care I'm tired of words and I'm too hoarse to shout But you've been cold to me so long I'm crying icicles instead of tears And all I can do is keep on telling you I want you I need you But there ain't no way I'm ever gonna love you Now don't be sad 'Cause two out of three ain't bad Now don't be sad 'Cause two out of three ain't bad You'll never find your gold on a sandy beach You'll never drill for oil on a city street I know you're looking for a ruby In a mountain of rocks But there ain't no Coupe de Ville hiding At the bottom of a Cracker Jack box I can't lie I can't tell you that I'm something I'm not No matter how I try I'll never be able to give you something Something that I just haven't got There's only one girl that I will ever love And that was so many years ago And though I know I'll never get her out of my heart She never loved me back, ooh I know I remember how she left me on a stormy night She kissed me and got out of our bed And though I pleaded and I begged her Not to walk out that door She packed her bags and turned right away And she kept on telling me She kept on telling me She kep on telling me I want you I need you But there ain't no way I'm ever gonna love you Now don't be sad 'Cause two out of three ain't bad Don't be sad 'Cause two out of three ain't bad Baby we can talk all night But that ain't getting us nowhere\" Oskar's crying stopped for a bit as he followed her advice and tried to smile. He remembered the happy times he had with her, the time they first met at the park, on the swings, the candy they ate..wasn't very happy for Eli but they had their first hug, which was nice. A voice came in his mind, it was Eli. Her beautiful Swedish accent flowing as she sang \" Now don't be sad…\" Oskar turned off the lights and put himself back into bed. As Eli's voice degraded down to a simple hum, Oskar sang the last line as he drifted off into sleep. \" Cause two out of three…aint bad.\" ","Summary":" Two out of Three 7:00 PM in the town of Blackeberg, Sweden as two young friends slept, curled up ag"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Drabbles","Author":"Valkerie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6890047","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi, Valkerie here. So this is one of my weird little poems. I wrote it, and then I watched the movie and decided that it fits Eli, when she is telling Oskar that she has to leave, pushing him away to keep him safe. Anyways, I hope you like it! Enjoy, and review! If I told you the reasons I say what I do, Would you hate me, Would you hurt me, Would you cry through your silence? I'm alone in my silence, In my aloofness, In my transparency. I'm see-through. I'm opaque. I'm only The cold one, Waiting for whiteness, Pale skin, Imagined snow To wrap around me and keep me From getting too cold. And my darkness, This coldness, Is all that I have. This emptiness, This nothingness, Is all I can give. If I told you the reasons I do what I do, Would you love me, Would you hurt me, Would you stay close and hold me? Or would you hate me, Would you leave me, Alone in the coldness, The dark seeping in. It's so bright inside my head, So bright inside me, It burns. If I told you the reasons That I never cry, Would you still think me careless? Would you let me have this one thing? The walls of ice I throw up around me, To keep me, To hold me, To save me from knowing I'm hurting, I'm hurting. I hurt you, you know, To keep you safe, To keep you from getting to close. I burn you, I freeze you, I hit you, I bruise you, I don't want to love you. To need you. I don't want you to love me, To want me. But I need you to love me, I want you to need me. So I bruise you, I hit you, I freeze you, I burn you, To keep you from getting Too cold. ","Summary":" Hi, Valkerie here. So this is one of my weird little poems. I wrote it, and then I watched the movi"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Huir es la vida Quedarse, la muerte","Author":"Vyck","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8311507","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Huir es la vida. Quedarse, la muerte. La muerte. La muerte es la vida. Porque la vida sin ella sencillamente no lo era. No había vida para el en ese lugar, y eso lo sabia muy bien. Lo supo desde el primer momento en que la había visto. El momento en el que ambos se hablaron. Desde el momento en el que realmente la conoció, supo que era suya. Y ella también lo había sabido. Por primera vez en mucho tiempo lo había sentido . Ese sentimiento en su corazón, esa necesidad de protección, de querer estar con el. No por nada se lo había dejado por escrito. Tu Eli. Y no por nada habían huido juntos. Un par de niños solos. Con el amor como única defensa contra el resto del mundo. Con sangre y terror a sus espaldas. Con gente buscándolos por doquier, porque un terror como el que habían dejado en el gimnasio no podía ser coincidencia. Pero no les importaba. Estaban juntos y eso lo significaba todo. Por eso habían huido, porque huir significaba la vida para ellos , juntos. ","Summary":" Huir es la vida. Quedarse, la muerte. La muerte. La muerte es la vida. Porque la vida sin ella senc"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Javisst Ska Han Leva Uti Två Hundrade År'","Author":"Zala Russe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8400393","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Javisst Ska Han Leva Uti Hundrade År!\" [Eli and Oskar, associated characters, and their back-stories prior to this narrative, are the intellectual property of John Ajvide Lindqvist. The concept of this story, and associated original characters, the storyline and dialogue are © Copyright 2012 to the credited Author.] Tuesday, November 24th 1981. Oskar Eriksson woke shivering. Today was going to be the most special day of his life. The excitement quickened his heart pace. Today was his thirteenth birthday. Today, he was sure his vampire friend Eli would \"turn him\" and admit him to the other side, becoming a vampire. He shivered himself awake like a tiny bird, up in the tree-house he had built, in the woods near Blackeberg, Stockholm. The dim early morning Sun filtered in through unplugged slats and holes, just enough to see around him. He leaned into the naked back of Eli, the vampire, his one and only true friend. He pressed his ear up close. He could hear the very slow thump-beat of Eli's heart, and the dim sonar-like echo a few seconds later, rebound off Eli's vampire heart. Since taking flight after the events earlier that month, Eli had taught him to lower his heart rate. It had helped in his survival. Winter had kicked in early and viciously that year. Oskar had learned some of the 'tricks of the trade' off Eli. In his own mind he thought of it as being preparation for what was surely to come today, his initiation as a vampire. 'Bulleri bulleri buck, hur många horn står upp?' Oskar ran his fingers up the smooth, cold as graveyard headstone of Eli's back. Eli replied, testily. 'Go back to sleep, Oskar. It's too early.' Oskar knew intuitively what Eli meant. 'It's too early.' Maybe Eli meant later in the day? Eli would spring it on him as a surprise. That was his intuition. Intuition was one of the vampire skills he had been learning off Eli. Oskar hoped it would his initiation would be before his reunion meeting with his Mama, later that day. Their first get-together since he fled civilised society as a fugitive from justice. She would smile and say 'Hey Oskar! My little boy is a young man now. How you have grown. And what big teeth you have!' Oskar grew excited and restless. She would add 'I do hope you are still flossing, regularly. Your friend Eli looks like he could do with a visit to an orthodontist.' Oh dear. Oskar sighed. His hot breath formed a mist cloud in the sharp morning air. He guessed Mamas would always be Mamas, even when you have become a vampire. Oskar felt happy. Even though his meeting with Mama was in late afternoon in a park, she would understand, what with him being a vampire and all. He reflected and 'visualised'. He was proud of himself. 'Visualisation', running a scene through you mind like a film was a key vampire survival skill. He saw himself there, sitting on a park bench while Mama fussed over him. Sugar! She was sure to have baked him a cake. He must be polite and accept a slice to eat in front of her. Oskar's face contorted. He hoped that being a vampire wouldn't mean he would throw it all up, immediately in front of her. That would be VERY bad form, and vampires pride themselves on their good manners. As always, Eli would fly to his rescue. 'Oh Mrs Eriksson, how thoughtful, and how sweet, it's almost like a wedding cake. How amusing! I just love the raspberry ripple effect. It would be a shame to cut it here, under these circumstances. Oskar and I will take it home to enjoy. With each bite we will remember you fondly. We are sure to revisit you soon. Mmm. Love the fragrance. Is that Chanel? Mama would laugh. She would be charmed. This wasn't what she had ever wished for, or hoped for her son. Gay maybe, but a vampire, I mean like what? Oskar, confused, draped his arm over Eli for comfort, and descended the snowy slope back into sleep. The first shafts of sunlight were breaking through the windows of the austere building in Kungsholmen, the archipelago island that connected to the outer suburbs of Stockholm, including Blackeberg. In a conference room on the third floor of the building, a smartly dressed woman shuffled papers at the head of the table. This was the Säkerhetspolisen Headquarters, SÄPO, the State Security Service of Sweden. The woman had turned forty but looked ten years younger. Sara Molin, Riksminister of Justice. A promising business lawyer, turned astute politician at an early age. Today her reputation was staked on resolution of the so-called 'Blackeberg Affair.' After today her career and the future lives of Oskar and Eli would change forever. She knew it, and meant to be the one who would come out on top, whatever the outcome. Sara glanced at her Rolex and called to the man by the window. 'Time to issue battle orders. Call them in.' Sven Gustafsson, Director of 'Lamda' Division had been gazing out of the window of SÄPO HQ, onto Polhemsgatan below. A self-assured man in his early forties, as always took all account of the detail. He picked up the table telephone and quietly summoned the other members of the 'Taskforce'. Today looked like being a bright sunny day, although there had been another unexpected heavy snowfall overnight. He detected over on the horizon beyond Kronobergsparken, a blue-grey dullness punctuated by an odd sulphurous-yellow and reddish hue. 'Red sky in the morning, shepherds warning'. He recalled the adage. He hoped the latent storm would blow back into the Baltic. It was not a good omen. He would check. In ones and twos they shuffled into the room. Upon taking their seats round the conference table, the low, polite murmuring subsided. Some brushed nervously through the pile of papers set out for each. Sara Molin spoke, all eyes upon her. 'Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your early attendance at this action briefing. I know some of you know one another, and others do not. This is our opportunity to coalesce. I realise that you have not all been consulted at every point. Feel free to interrupt me if you have comments or questions. We have had to move quickly. Today is our best shot for ending the so-called ''Blackeberg Affair''. You all have a key part to play in ''Operation Bamse''…' 'Why give a deadly operation such a cute name?' The disgruntled voice belonged to Mikael Hallman, Överdirektör of the Stockholm lans Police. A few round the table nodded, and murmured. 'I chose to give it a more user-friendly name to enlist the collaboration of the boy Oskar's mother, in this sting operation. She had to be re-assured.' 'How so?' 'Because, Överdirektör, you threatened her that unless she co-operated, she would never see her boy alive again.' 'And the truth is?' Sandra Molin put on her politician's mask. 'Oskar's chances of survival are greatly enhanced by her active participation. Although, in reality, she is unlikely to ever hold him in her arms again. We have also, successfully engaged the services of a Herr Ávila, a P.E. instructor who will be there, who Oskar respects. We have prior queries on him through his engagement as a pilot in the War. He didn't take much persuading. It will be like taking candy off a baby.' 'Minister. May I clarify the main objective?' The chilled voice belonged to Överstelöjtnant Kurt Ahlgren, Head of the Army Kommando Unit. Molin assented. 'To take down the operatives known as Eli and Oskar, and terminate the \"Blackeberg Affair.\" 'Excuse me, Minister.' Dr Freda Freyer, consultant in Child and Adolescent Psychiatry at the Karolinska Institutet spoke. 'Do you mean, to \"take down\" … or maybe \"take out\" … or preferably \"take in\" the suspects? I thought that is why I was involved?' Molin nodded cautiously. 'We have to be prepared for all eventualities.' 'And what if it all goes belly-up?' The pinched voice belonged to PolisIntendent Gunnar Johansson of the RiksKriminalPolisen, overweight, spaded into his dress uniform, the first time for a year. For a moment the Minister lost her cool. 'Then PolisIntendent Johansson, this time tomorrow, you and I, and everyone seated round this table will be looking for new career opportunities.' Sven Gustafsson, the SÄPO supremo intervened on her behalf. 'Frankly, the RKP have turned up nothing but dust. That is why the case has been handed to the Säkerhetspolisen to co-ordinate.' 'With all due respect to SÄPO … ' Johansson cut in, not meaning a word of it. 'The RKP doesn't have your resources, and there are special difficulties with this case.' 'What difficulties?' The abrupt remark came from the military, Överstelöjtnant Ahlgren. Johansson's cheek colour flushed. Överdirektör Hallman stepped in to avoid a conflagration. 'People on the run, let alone kids, leave traces. They have to travel, that exposes them to observation by others. We have next to nothing.' Överstelöjtnant Ahlgren resumed 'Then maybe the RKP have been inadequate to the task, unless, of course these enemy agents are flying around on broomsticks?' Johansson choked. Eva Grahn, the legal adviser to the Task Group interjected 'Technically speaking, that would be witches rather than vampires. Wouldn't it?' Her intervention was received in silence. Hallman broke in. 'The last contact we have, faded out in Nynäshamn. They broke into a summer house. The owner went back to check on things. Nothing disturbed, apart from a kit-box of woodworking tools stolen.' Sven Gustafsson uncharacteristically, attempted some levity. 'Then perhaps, according to the ''Vampire Theory'' they needed to build themselves new coffins to sleep in?'' Överdirektör Hallman intervened. 'Perhaps SÄPO could explain the linkages? We know they have taken victims. In Karlstad, we found back-links to a pedophile group. In Bagarmossen, they hung out with a squat of illegal immigrants. In Södermalm, they got some shelter from a hippie commune. We got damn-all out of these contacts. These kids seem to be using some sort of unnatural \"mind control\". 'What about the boy's father, up in Norrtälje?' The query came from Maxine Hemstedt, Professor of Forensic Psychology at Stockholm University. 'Exactly!' Hallman's pudgy fist smashed down onto the table. 'We couldn't get any sense out of him. He was a drunkard before all this. Now he is totally gaga.' PolisIntendent Johansson attempted to put it more professionally. 'We investigated. We know the boy Oskar was up there. But there was only evidence of food being eaten and sleeping arrangements for one other. Herr Eriksson insisted there was another BOY with Oskar. Like a ghost vision occluded his eye. We put this down to deleriens tremens . Jessica Solberg concurred. 'Like his father, Oskar has a complex psychopathology. We must ensure that he does not infect other vulnerable adolescents.' Överstelöjtnant Ahlgren slipped into the silence. 'Minister, I think it is time to move on. We all have a role to play today. It will be difficult. I have troops on stand-by. I am extremely concerned at their choosing of afternoon twilight for their rendez-vous . It may suit vampires, whether or not, it doesn't suit us. It's in an open space, a pocket park, and there will be other children around on their way from school. Possible blizzard conditions even.' Sara Molin regained her command. 'I'm sorry, but I've had to arrive at a single view. Oskar and Eli, have been brainwashed, unwittingly, whatever you call it, as Soviet agents. It's all linked to the Soviet submarine affair. It's like the UFO scares in the USA in the nineteen-fifties. It's psychological warfare, calculated to cause disruption. Everyday some idiot turns himself into the police, claiming to be a vampire, as justification for his killing. Södersjukhuset psychiatric wing has had to open a special unit just to cope. This is generating panic on the streets fuelled up by the media. Eli has NO history, maybe smuggled in through Riga, maybe ex-prostitute. Oskar a bullied kid, kept a journal on serial killers, a nut-job just right for turning. Let's just forget the vampire-scenario. It's a smokescreen.' Professor Hemstedt spoke up. 'Minister. You are overlooking important forensic evidence.' 'What evidence?' Gustafsson asked pointedly. Hemstedt threw up her hands. 'We know they have taken victims, since they took flight.' Överdirektör Hallman interrrupted. 'Do you know how many drunks, punks, junkies, and whores are pulled out of the Mälaren each year? No-one gives a damn. Rubber-stamp autopsies. This is just take-away pizza to these kids. They have to be terminated. Period.'' 'NO!' Dr. Freyer exclaimed. For a moment everyone sat in stunned silence. Maxine Hemstedt, chose this time for her masterstroke. 'We have been comparing traces taken from the original Blackeberg victims, like Jocke Bengtsson, and recent unexplained murders. There were strong traces of saliva mixed in with the blood. It didn't come from the victims. Nothing like we've ever seen before. Barely human, anyway. One thing that really showed pointed strongly in a different direction. There was the presence of something biologically resembling Hementin. ''. 'Whats that?' 'I got an old contact from Eskilstuna Zoo to look at our saliva samples. It's very closely related to Haementaria Ghiliani, a kind of giant Amazon leech' Hementin is a powerful blood anti-coagulent. 'So we are looking to go arrest a big leech now?' 'There is a strong correlation with what we might expect from a vampire'. 'Let's NOT turn the clock back'. 'We need more time'. 'We don't have time'. Riksminister Molin, got up from the conference table, and the others rose in deference. 'The goal is, to apprehend, Oskar and Eli, and take them into secure custody. We'll sweat the truth out of them about their Soviet masters. After that they may stand a chance for rehabilitation in the future. But for now, we must focus on their capture. If they take flight they will be followed in close pursuit, with full police and army manpower. They will have one opportunity to turn themselves over. Any threat to the public during this operation or refusal to comply, the protocol is clear. They will be terminated. We have a long day ahead. Let's grab some breakfast.' Up in the makeshift tree-house, Eli punched Oskar Eriksson, hard. Oskar startled, awoke. Eli had rolled over and now purred softly, like a kitten. 'What did you do that for!?' Eli opened one eye. Without facing Oskar he growled. 'You snore like a piglet.' 'No I do not!' 'You do.' 'I don't!' 'How would you know?' 'Mmm. Mmmmm.' Oskar grasped for a reason. 'Because my Mama would have told me.' 'No, she wouldn't. She's your Mama, she's put up with a lot.' 'Yes she would.' 'Uhh uhh.' Oskar chewed on his lip. 'Well then my Papa would have told me.' There was a long pause. Eli avoided the truth. 'Vampires purr, politely, on occasion, about once every ten years. They DO NOT snore like pigs round a trough.' Oskar smacked Eli hard on the butt. Its slap resounded like hitting a marble sculpture. Eli turned over. His blue-green eyes drew Oskar in like a summons. 'Oskar, let go of your past. Your Papa is an alcoholic. That is a living death.' Oskar's eyes welled up with tears. He blubbered 'Is that worse than being a vampire? Sometimes, I HATE you!' Eli smiled and stroked Oskar's cheek. 'And sometimes you LOVE me.' Oskar shook his head from side-to-side. 'Then MAKE me a vampire like you!' Eli looked serious for a moment. 'I wouldn't do that unless there were no options left. Only if it were a dire emergency, threatening your life. You have to meet your Mama today. There IS a way back for you, but not for me.' Oskar stretched himself out, legs and arms akimbo. His throat presented to Eli as a gift for the taking. His eyes whirling madly like a virgin, a mixture of anticipation and apprehension. 'I'm holding you back. I can't live out of dustbins anymore. I'm slowing you down, they'll catch us. DO IT!' he yelled. A rising magma of love and blood-lust built up inside Eli's head like a volcano about to explode. His eyes excreted tears of blood. His body and bones within his thin frame shook like an earthquake. His vampire teeth extended ready to close upon Oskar's vulnerable throat. Total consummation, a moment away. 'NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!' Eli let out a blood-curdling scream. The birds and squirrels and rabbits around their tree-house ran for cover. Eli flopped back, totally drained of energy and will to live a moment longer. In that moment he felt his true age, over 200 years desiccated into dust. 'Never. Only if you life was in danger.' His extended fingernails ran over Oskar's tummy like a puppy being tickled. Oskar yelped with delight. 'You know what?' Oskar poked Eli in the ribs. 'What?' 'You and me should form a death-metal band.' 'What?' 'I am into serial murder, I collect press clippings. I strum guitar well. You growl. It's a winner.' Eli pondered for a moment. 'You are mad. I may be a vampire, but I am not insane.' Oskar smiled sweetly. 'Then you have nothing to lose.' In very dark moments of quiet contemplation, Eli weighed up the consequences. He would deliver Oskar back to his Mama. That would be closure. Oskar needed a Mama. He could not be that. Oskar needed to find his own way out of his own personal Hell. 'Oskar.' 'Yes.' 'Stick close by me today. I have an ill-feeling about this meet-up. Something in my blood. Intuition' Oskar reflected. He turned to face his friend. 'Eli do you like me? Like, as in a boyfriend?' Eli smiled. 'No. You snore too much.' Oskar scratched his head, unsure. 'Do you love me?' Eli smiled. 'More than words can ever say. For always.' Oskar looked serious. 'But is that forever?' Eli turned his face away. [FINIS] ","Summary":" \"Javisst Ska Han Leva Uti Hundrade År!\" [Eli and Oskar, associated characters, and their back-sto"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"We were going to take a bath","Author":"Clubmeister","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7785314","Passage":"[Chapter 1] We were going to take a bath. The morning was close and Oskar was already sleepy. Eli, while reading another glossy magazine, said with slight annoyance: - I'm too pale. I want to get a tan. Oskar ironically raised his eyebrow. Eli continued: - I have an idea. We need a tanning salon. - Are you sure that you do not \"tan\" in 5 seconds, to black coals? - No, I'm not sure. But I want to try. I'll start only with a single nail. If nothing happens, then I'll continue with my fingertip, and so on. So later, after looking at some prospects, they went to the nearest solarium. An assistant, looking at Eli, said: - You are very pale. The first time you must not exceed five minutes. They went into the cabin, Eli said: - What about you? - No, thank you. I will look at you. You'll be a trial balloon. Eli showed him her tongue and gently put her finger under the glare of ultraviolet. Nothing happened. Oskar asked: - What do you feel? - Heat! Only the heat. She undressed and lay down under the lamps. Five minutes later the assistant turned off the machine. Eli asked: - Do you want to try it? - No thanks, I don't want to yet. Maybe next time. When Eli paid, she dropped a big yellow coin. It fell on the desk with a heavy ring. Oskar asked, curious: - What's this? - You're funny. Don't you know that Swedish bank has introduced a new means of payment - Swedish golden doubloon. - Never heard of it! And they went out. But all was not as rosy as it seemed at first. In less than an hour later, when they returned home, Eli felt a strong burning sensation on the entire surface of her skin. Then it increased so much that she began to cry and moan in pain. Oskar did not know what to do. He ran to the bathroom, wet a towel in cold water, and covered Eli with it, to relieve her pain a little. He did this procedure a few times during the night. And only in the morning did she feel better. They fell asleep completely exhausted. The first thing that Oskar asked, when they woke up the next evening, was: - How are you? Eli thought for a moment and replied: - I seem to be like normal. Then she looked at her skin and added in surprise: - And, Oskar, I'm a little tanned! Oskar sighed: - But at what cost… - Beauty requires sacrifice! I want to go again. - Eli, no! For whom is the tan? I like you the way you are! - Thank you, my beloved Oscar. I always knew that you are just an angel. But I'm just curious, if I can tan more. I'll try this time just a little bit - three minutes. I promise that I'll be very careful. This time everything went more or less smoothly: Eli sunbathed for three minutes and I felt only a slight burning sensation, for not very long. Then she went yet a couple of times, and Oskar served only as an attendant; despite any persuasion, he did not want to sunbathe. Soon, as always, they had to move. However, at the new location Eli also contrived to find a solarium. Thus, every time they moved, Eli found the closest solarium and visited it until the next move. Six months later her skin was rather dark and she could lie under the lights for half an hour. But one day an event occurred that radically changed Oscar's opinion of the solarium. As we all know, vampires sleep very deeply, and to wake them during the day is very difficult. However, this time Oskar and Eli got carried away with their game and stopped at a time when the sun had already risen. They could not see it, all the windows were tightly closed with cardboard sheets, but they could feel it. Eli yawned: - Well, let's go to bed? - Ok. They went to the bathroom. Suddenly, one of the nails holding the cardboard at the top dropped, and the sheet moved just enough to let the room get a thin ray of the rising sun. It touched Eli's arm, Oskar managed to jump back and pulled Eli after him into the shade. Eli cried: - Ouch! Then she looked at the spot on her arm, where the ray of sunshine had fallen. It had turned red. Oskar spoke fearfully: - Damn! Are you okay? Forgive me, please! It's my fault, I have not checked the cardboard. Usually I pull the sheets to make sure they stay tight. - Oscar, you do not understand ... - No, I mean, it's terrible. This will not happen again, I promise! Eli replied excitedly: - No, you do not understand! Half a year ago, if a sunbeam had fallen on me, there would be a bloody wound that wouldn't heal for a long time! Oscar, surprised, had become silent. Then he asked: - But what does it mean? - Is means that I continue to go to a sun deck! Six months later, after several moves and many visits to the solarium, it was decided to conduct a global experiment. Overcoming sleepiness, they waited for the sunrise, having previously made a small hole in the cardboard. When the first beam cut through the darkness, Eli, trembling, held up her arm under it. Oskar pressed the stopwatch. - 10 seconds. - 20. - 30! - 50! Eli drew back her hand: - It begins to burn. Oskar ran to the window, carefully closed up the hole and bounced enthusiastically around Eli. - Wow! The sun! You're not afraid of the sun! I also want to go to the solarium. Eli grinned: - You're a year behind… Later, for some unknown reason, the process went quickly, and within a month, Eli met her first dawn in more than 200 years, in the street. She stood with her arms outstretched to the sides, reflecting the Sun, and cried with happiness. Oskar was anxiously waiting for her in the apartment. When she returned, he asked: - Well, how did it go? - I ... I have no words ... the Sun. I have not seen the Sun for ages! Suddenly Oskar found that Eli was blond. His eyes widened in surprise: - Eli! You're blond! - Yes, Oskar, I'm blond. Do you like it? - Yes! It contrasts with your tanned skin. But... When you… Oskar realized that he couldn't recall when Eli had dyed her hair. But something distracted him and he forgot about it. Another six months later, Eli could spend more than thirty minutes in the sun, and Oskar was trying to catch up with her, as best he could. Then one night they were playing, chasing each other and generally fooling around as usual. Eli stumbled, fell and scraped a knee, peeling it decently enough. However, she did not pay attention to it and they continued to amuse themselves until the morning, when it was time for bed. Waking up the next evening, Eli casually looked at her knee and was surprised to discover that it had healed, but not completely. Scratches still remained. - Oscar! - Yes, Eli? - I think many things are changing in us. I do not know if you noticed or not, but before the onset of hunger we have now a much longer time than before. And... I think we are already mortal. Oskar was so shocked that at first he could not find an answer. Then he asked uncertainly: - But what do we do? Eli replied with a mischievous glint in her eyes: - I think we need to try some ice cream! Without shelving their intention, that same evening they carried out the conceived. Both ate a half portion - they had no desire for more. What had been eaten didn't demand to leave their stomachs. Their joy knew no bounds. They felt dizzy from the long-forgotten possibilities. That all changed when, one sunny morning, two men broke into their apartment. The door was kicked in and they opened fire without saying a word. Only because Eli and Oskar were not yet asleep, they were able to respond and were not injured. Eli lashed out at one of the aliens and broke his neck. Under the guise of his body (having to remind themselves that they, probably, already are mortal), they jumped out into the corridor and ran. The second stranger fired after them again, but missed. From this point all their life turned to continuous flight. Each runaway was more difficult and more dangerous. The last time Eli was wounded and they only just managed to escape. They took refuge in the basement of an abandoned building and thought about what to do next. - Oh, it would be nice to take a bath, said Oscar. - We, as I say it, smell ... - Yes …we will bathe, when it is all over. - Listen, what do these people need from us? - Our death. - But why? Is this the police? Special services? - No, I don't think so. - I do not understand. - Me neither. This time the noise woke them just before sunset. The sun hung already low over horizon and it was necessary to get away in broad daylight, that would have been impossible a year ago. They found themselves in the open, where it was almost impossible to hide. They were surrounded with three, all armed with automatic weapons. In despair, Eli screamed: - What do you want from us? - We are the vampire hunters. Our task - to destroy the vampires. - But we are already almost cured! We are not vampires anymore! - In this case it isn't so important. You, boy, can live. But you, a girl who is not a girl - man chuckled – have committed so many crimes that you certainly deserve to die. Oskar looked into the face of the leader, which seemed very familiar. And suddenly he recognized him. - Mr. Avila? Mr. Avila! Do you remember me? I'm Oskar! Oskar Eriksson! Please, let us go! - I'm sorry, Oskar. I have a new job now. It's well paid and I'm used to doing my job properly. With these words the leader of group nodded and one of people seized Oskar from behind, in order that he didn't interfere. Eli, with pain in her eyes, looked at Oscar, was going to tell him something, but did not have time. Machine gun fire knocked her down and Eli fell flat. The leader slowly approached her and kicked, as at a piece of garbage. Her light body rolled into the roadside ditch. Oskar was released and all three of the attackers turned and walked away. Oskar rushed to Eli. Her small body was in the dirt, covered in blood. They had not bathed for many days, so the smell was still there. But Oskar did not care. He fell to his knees and pressed her to him. For the first few seconds the grief spasm caught his breath. Then he screamed her name, and could not stop when someone shook him by the shoulder: - Oscar! Oscar! He woke up. Eli was there. Alive. They lay in the bathroom, in their rented apartment in Stockholm. Eli gently ruffled his hair. - All is good. I am here, I'm with you. It was only a dream. A bad dream. Oskar held her so tightly that she gasped: - Oscar! - Eli. Eli… A huge, horrible nightmare. The worst nightmare of his life. He was shaking, a whole-body tremor, which did not relieve the strain. They had long wanted to use the bathroom for its intended purpose, but every time something prevented them. The smell of them was already noticeable...but it did not prevent Oskar continuing to hug Eli. He feared that if he let her go, something would happen to her. He said, in a trembling voice, the first stupidity that came to mind: -Eli... - Yes, Oskar? - We were going to take a bath? - All right. We can, right now. Because we are straight draggle-tails. Also we smell … A few minutes later they were standing under warm streams of a shower. Eli considered her pale skin. - You know, Oscar. I'm too pale. I would like to have a tan like that girl in the magazine. Oskar exclaimed in horror: - No! He fell to his knees, as in the dream, and then hugged her. - No, please don't! I like you as you are. I love you as you are. He feverishly chose his words: - In this thy pallor, there is something aristocratic ... Eli ironically raised an eyebrow. Then he, letting go, told her everything that he saw in the nightmare. Eli gently wiped him dry with a fluffy towel, and muttered: - Yeah. Perhaps we should bathe more often... ","Summary":" We were going to take a bath. The morning was close and Oskar was already sleepy. Eli, while readin"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Almost Dawn","Author":"mclx3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7063300","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1. \"A big city!\" Had been Oskar's response to Eli's question regarding where he wanted to go. \"Which one?\" She had asked him. \"Any big city\". Eli had actually thought it a good idea. She knew that a big city, 'any big city' would be the easiest place for two twelve year old runaways to blend into. Every large city had their share of street kids. They would just be two more, as far as anyone else was concerned . It was late at night, when they finally came upon the place that would be their new home. The flashing neon sign in front said The Royal Crown Hotel. Unfortunately with it's cracked and chipped facade, broken or boarded up windows, it was anything but royal. As they approached the dilapidated building, Eli could sense the confusion in Oskar. She knew that this was not what Oskar had expected when suggesting moving to a Big City. The lobby was dark and dank, and smelled of old stale smoke. In a far corner of the room sat an old man slumped in a armchair, asleep or drunk or worse. On the opposed side of the aisle, there was a man behind a counter. He was tall and wiry with greasy shoulder length hair, and a long jagged scar that run down one side of his face. \"Are you sure about this place?\" Asked Oskar in a low voice. \"Trust me Oskar, this is the safest place for us.\" Eli knew from experience that such places, while vile, were the safest place for those who didn't want to be noticed, or those with dark secrets. 2. Their room didn't fair any better. With the exceptation of an old moth eaten couch, and a chipped coffee table, the one room apartment was empty. \"I can't believe the guy downstairs bought your story about our mom coming along later on.\" Said Oskar, trying to mask his further disappointment with idle talk. \"Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't.\" \"What happens when it doesn't work?\" \"Then I try something else.\" Eli's alternative method for obtaining shelter would sometimes end messy. She would go up to a vagrant or panhandler on the street. Tell him or her that if they would pose as a parent and sign for a room for her. That they would be generously compensated for their time. On occasion things wouldn't go as smoothly. There would inevitably be those individuals who would want more then money. Individuals who would see a little girl as easy prey. Unfortunately for them, it would be they who would become the prey. Eli was grateful that Oskar would not have to be witness to it, this time. 3. \"First thing of order - are the windows.\" Said Oskar as he moved their few belongings from the hallway into the apartment. After blocking off the windows, Oskar and Eli spent the remainder of the evening dusting and cleaning their small apartment. By early morning both were exhausted and relaxing on the couch. Surveying the results of their hard work, Oskar then turned to Eli and said. \"I told you it wouldn't be so bad here...\" \"I told you! You big liar!\" Said Eli, punching him in the arm. \"Ouch! That hurt.\" \"Serves you right, for being such a big fat liar!\" Afterwards Eli lovingly rubbed his arm and laid her head on his shoulder. \"It's almost dawn.\" Said Eli, shortly thereafter. She kissed Oskar on the cheek, got up and went into the bathroom. A few minutes later, Oskar stretched out on the couch and fell asleep. 4. It was past noon when Oskar finally awoke. He got up from the couch, and walked over to the bathroom. He put his ear to the closed door - not a sound. Eli wouldn't be getting up for a few more hours, but he had to empty his bladder. He remembered a public restroom in the lobby. Having taking care of one bodily function, Oskar now turned his attention to another, his stomach. He asked the man at the front desk for directions to the nearest market. The man told him that there was a mom and pop's place around the corner, but that they mostly just sold liquor and chips. That if he wanted real food, he'd have to take the subway. 5. Eli awoke to find Oskar stocking the kitchen cabinet with groceries. \"Good morning, sleepy head\" Said Oskar. \"Where did you get all of this?\" Said Eli, scratched her head, and yawning. \"This?\" Oskar lifted a can of soup that was on the counter. \"At the supermarket.\" \"I didn't see any supermarkets around here last night.\" \"Yeah, I know. I had to take the subway train to the nearest real market. It took me-\" \"Oskar...\" Interrupted Eli, visibly upset. \"...a big city like this can be a dangerous place for a kid...\" \"A KID?\" It was now Oskar that was upset, and more then a little offended. \"A KID...I'm as old as you...well not as OLD as you..oh you know what I'm taking about!\" \"I didn't mean it like that,\" Said Eli as she laid her hands on his. \"Don't be mad.\" She smiled at him with that sweet-shy smile that Oskar couldn't resist, and he smiled back. \"Just promise me if you go out, that you'll be back before it gets dark. Okay?\" Oskar looked into her big dark eyes (that he always thought were a little sad), and said. \"Okay, I promise.\" 6. After diner (only Oskar ate), Eli announced she would be stepping out for a little while. When she failed to elaborate any farther, Oskar knew better then to ask where she was going or what she was going to do. Without saying a word he picked up his empty tv diner tray, and threw it in the trash. Alone in the apartment, Oskar did his best to occupy his mind. He tried re-reading a true crime magazine he had brought along with me, but he couldn't concentrate. He laid down on the couch and stared up at the naked lightbulb that hung from the ceiling. Every living creature needs to eat to survive, he reasoned. No one condemns the wolf for feeding on the deer, or the big fish that eats the littler fish. It was all part of nature. Eli was doing nothing different. But his attempt at rationalizing the situations, didn't help any. So he pick up his magazine once more, and tried reading it again. When Eli returned, Oskar was both relieved and surprised. Relieved to discover that Eli had simply gone shopping. Surprised, because Eli had never taking much of a interest in her wardrobe, before. When they first meet (back in the courtyard of Oskar's old apartment), Oskar had noticed that Eli was wearing a Led Zeppelin t-shirt just like one he owned (that is before it was lost in the laundry room). He was about to comment on their similar taste in music, when he noticed a small tear on her right sleeve. Coincidently enough, the tear was in the exact same place his shirt had been torn. Oskar had since suspected that much of Eli's wardrobe had been obtained from varies laundry mats, and maybe even some trash bins. \"Do you like?\" Beamed Eli as she showed off her new pink skirt, and white top with little purple flowers. \"You don't like it...\" She said with a frown, when Oskar failed to respond. \"No...I do like it!\" Replied Oskar finally. \"It's just that...why didn't you tell me you were going shopping? I would have gone with you.\" \"But then it wouldn't have been a surprise.\" Eli took Oskar by the hand, and sat him down on the couch. She then preceded to show him (one by one) all the great deals she'd made on her purchases. 7. The following morning, Oskar decided to explore his new neighborhood. He headed in the opposite direction as the previous day, he had already seen that side of the street on his supermarket excursion. By noon, Oskar had made his way into a second hand store. There were three second hand stores back in his hometown, but none were as big as this one. 'I have got to bring Eli here' thought Oskar as he leafed through some old record albums. After an hour of rummaging around, Oskar was ready to leave. He was almost at the register (with some board games he'd found), when something else caught his attention. It was a Japanese style paper light shade, the spherical type that hang from the ceiling. \"It's pretty-isn't it?\" Said a sales lady that saw him eyeing it. \"Yes, it is.\" \"Would you like to take it?\" \"Yes, please.\" The sales lady collapsed the shade into a flat disk, and placed it into a paper sleeve. She handed it to Oskar, then rang him up at the cash register. 8. When Eli emerged from the bathroom, she immediately noticed something different. Gone was the stark white light of the bare bulb that hung from the ceiling. It had been replaced by the soft warm glow of a orange and yellow globe. Directly beneath that on the floor, was a blanket all laid out. At the center of the blanket was a board game its pieces set up and ready to be played. \"I've been waiting for you to get up for hours.\" Said Oskar, as he sat cross legged on the blanket. Eli was speechless her eyes glistening in the soft light. \"Come-on, sit down.\" Oskar beaconed for Eli to sit next to him on the blanket. They played throughout the night. First Monopoly then Risk, and finally Scrabble. By early morning they had put away the games and where laying side by side on the blanket. \"Can't you stay out for a little while longer?\" Said Oskar when he saw Eli getting up. \"Just a little while longer...\" She laid back down again. Eli watched Oskar as he fell asleep. She studied the contour of his face, slowly going down to his neck and finally stopping at his chest. She watched his chest rise then fall, rise then fall. She watched him as he fell deeper and deeper into sleep. She then turned to look up at the paper shade overhead. The glow of it's colors reminded her of a sunset (or at least the way she remembered sunsets). Eli's small hand searched for Oskar's hand beside her, and found it. Just before dawn, Oskar was startled awake by the backfiring of a car. He looked over to see if Eli had also been awaken, but she was no longer there. In her place was a note. It took Oskar a few seconds to focus his eyes enough to be able to read it. It said : I lived in a world of darkness, before you came into my life. Your Eli Oskar laid back down. He read the note once more, then went back to sleep. 9. ( A year and a half later ) The night was unusually warm for late October. It had rained earlier in the evening, and the streets were still wet. This giving the city the illusion of being clean. In the red light district a car pulls up to the curb. It's passengers window rolls down and a man's voice calls out from within. \"You - with the boots!\" One of two woman standing on a street corner, walks over to the car. \"You want a date?\" \"That's what I'm here for...get in!\" She looks the man over, then looks in the back seat, to make sure he was alone. Then says \"What do you want?\" \"Half and half.\" \"That's fifty - up front .\" \"Alright, so get in!\" Said the man impatiently. The woman opens the car door, and gets in. Twenty minutes later, the same car pulls up to the curb and expels it's passenger. \"What a pig!\" Says the woman to herself as the car speeds away. No matter, she now had enough for a couple of hits. 10. \"What you need, angel?\" \"You know what I need, Franky...\" Franky sat on a metal chair on the front stoop of his apartment building. He reaches behind a potted plant to get something. \"Here you go, angel.\" He handed the woman a small plastic bag, and she in turn hands him some money. And so the discreet exchange is made. The ally in back of Franky's building would have to do. Her favorite public bathroom was too far away. Franky didn't like his customers shooting up so close to his place, but this was an emergency. She hadn't had a hit since yesterday. She squats down next to a empty crate using it as a makeshift table. After preparing the heroin, she then takes off her thin gold belt and wraps it round her arm. After she injects herself, she then loosens her belt, and slumps back against the cold brick wall. With a lethargic hand, she reaches into her purse and takes out a photograph. The image is of a young girl in a school uniform. \"Someday baby...someday real soon I'll come and get you..\" She says in-between sobs. \"...and no one will ever take you away from me again.\" She wipes away her tears with her ruffle sleeve. She closes her eyes and leans her head back against the wall. Through the haziness of her mind she hears the soft echoes of distant footsteps, she opens her eyes. Walking toward her, through the mist, is a little girl. \"Anna...baby...is that you, honey?\" She reaches out in front of her, grasping at the mirage. Is it real, or a drug induced hallucination? It didn't matter, she was happy. She takes the little girl into her arms and the world around them slowly faded away. Then slowly, very slowly, her life faded away . 11. From where he stood (behind the crime tape), Sean could see a pair of gold boots protruding from beneath a police issued blanket. \"You're a little to late for Last Rite - aren't you Father?\" Said the patrolman to Sean. \"I'm not a Priest..\" Replied Sean \"..I'm a Reverend. What happened here, Officer?\" Sean was quick to take advantage of the semi-introduction. \"I run the homeless shelter up the street, maybe I can be of some assistance.\" He added, when the officer seemed to hesitate. \"Her name was Janis Stevens,\" Said the officer, after some consideration. \"she was a prostitute.\" Sean thought for a second, then said \"Her name doesn't sound familiar. I'll check the records at the shelter just to be sure.\" He paused, then asked. \"Was it an overdose?\" \"Homicide.\" Then before Sean had a chance to ask another question, the officer said. \"If you'll excuse me Father, here comes the coroner.\" Later that day, when the crowds had dissipated and the crime tape removed, Sean returned. As he walked through the ally, Sean could not imagine a more dismal place for anyone to spend their last moments of life. Then as he turned to leave, something caught the corner of his eye. Underneath an old wooden pallet, Sean discovered a photograph. It was of a little girl. As Sean examined the photograph closer, he noticed what appeared to be a smudge of blood on the lower left hand corner. He turned the photo over, and written in lavender ink was a dedication. I MISS YOU MOMMY LOVE ANNA XOXO! 12. \"Tonight is your special night!\" A gleefully Eli had announced, before stepping out earlier that evening. Oskar had tried telling her that they didn't have to do anything special for his birthday this year. But she'd have none of that. \"Don't be silly. You just be ready for when I get back.\" Oskar suspected that Eli so enjoyed celebrated his birthday, in part because she never celebrated hers (or rather she had no idea when hers was). \"Fourteen\" He really didn't feel any older, and it wasn't like last year when he could officially proclaim himself a teenager. So why all of the fuss? Still, he couldn't deny Eli. Physically it was a different story. Oskar was now a full two inches taller then last year, and his voice had dropped an octave (Although it was hard to tell because he still spoke in the same calm tone as always). Eli had also changed, not physically of course but in more subtle ways. Oskar noticed that she smiled more often now. And she had also taken more of an interest in her appearance. Most of her wardrobe now came from second hand stores (and not dumpsters). The manner in which they lived had also changed. They had moved half a dozen times since their first apartment together. Never staying in any one town or city for very long. Whenever they were in a big city, such as they were in now, Eli had still insisted on living in the intercity. What had changed however, was the type of the apartment. No more dumps like their first place together. Decent furnishings and a usable kitchen, was what they now opted for, a place that felt more like a home. Oskar finished dressing, then made sure that the bathtub was completely dry for Eli. He had tried to get Eli to sleep on a bed, like everyone else. But she wouldn't. 'A bathroom was a room within a room,' she'd told him 'and that makes it safer'. Oskar hadn't been too clear on what Eli had meant by that. But he figured she knew what she was talking about, and left it at that. At a quarter till eight, Oskar heard Eli's special knock at the door. It was a code they each used before entering. It was a way of letting the other know that it was only them and no one else. \"Is the birthday boy ready?\" Said Eli as she came through the door. 13. Oskar had since become an expert subway commuter. What that meant in part was to always be aware of others, and to be aware of your surroundings as well. He had counted five other commuters. Two that had boarded with them, and three that were already on the train. Eli still hadn't told him where they were going, and that made him a little uneasy. All Oskar knew for certain was that they were heading uptown. The two had been laughing and talking for several stops before Oskar realized they were all alone in the subway car. A sick feeling of a thousand needles came over him. He had let his guard down. Eli on the other hand had hardly skipped a beat. \"We're almost there!\" She said, bubbling over. \"So when are you going to tell me where we're going?\" Asked Oskar playfully. Eli's carefree demeanor had put him at ease. \"You're just going to have to wait and...find...out.\" Eli's words trailed off, and Oskar could see that her facial expression and overall demeanor had changed. Oskar was not unfamiliar with this 'look', and it wasn't a good sign. He likened it to a cat ready to pounce on it's pray. Oskar turned to see what Eli was looking at. Coming through the automatic doors of the subway car, was a couple. 14. They were a young couple, unkept and scruffy in appearance. The boy was about sixteen, the girl a year or two younger. Eli's unblinking gaze stayed on the couple, as they sat down on the bench directly opposite her and Oskar. No one spoke for several tense moments. Then the silence was broken. \"Where are you guys heading?\" Said the scruffy older teen. \"Uptown..\" Answered Oskar automatically. He didn't want to appear weak or scared by hesitating. He was about to say something else, when he felt Eli's grip tighten on his hand. \"Uptown-that sounds great. Me and my o-lady are going for a scarf.\" Oskar said nothing, all the while fingering the knife in his coat pocket. \"You wouldn't happen to have any spare cash, would you, buddy? I'm kind low right now.\" Oskar shook his head no, and said \"Sorry.\" The old teen stood up, and closed the distance between them. Oskar made a move for his knife, but was again stopped by Eli. \"Give me all your f*****g money-NOW!\" The older teen had pulled a switchblade on them. \"No!\" Answered Eli, all the while holding Oskar back. Her unflinching gaze burning into the young muggers crazed face. Then, in a tone that seemed to emanate from a deep and dark place from within her, Eli said. \"Leave us...alone..\" Time froze, and the tension in the car became palpable. Then as if on cue, the train stopped and the doors opened. \"Come on, Johnny...\" Said his companion. She was now at his side, and visibly shaken. \"...let's just get out of here!\" She pulled him by his arm. \"Yeah-yeah, okay...\" Said Johnny, trying hard to maintain his composure. They exited the train, as other commuters entered. \"Eli...\" Said Oskar, this time taking her hand. \"...ELI!\" He repeated louder. \"Are you okay?\" \"I'm fine..\" She answered him finally. And Oskar could see that she was Eli, once more. \"..are YOU okay?\" She asked him in return. Oskar nodded yes. 15. As they exited the subway station, Oskar tried to shake off what had just happened, but it wasn't easy. Oskar was fully aware of Eli's darker side. But that still didn't make experiencing it first hand any easier. \"We're here!\" Announced Eli, as they turned a corner and arrived at their destination. \"A fair?\" Said a genuinely surprised Oskar. It was an oasis of lights colors and sounds, in the middle of a cold grey city skyline. \"It's a STATE fair!\" Exclaimed Eli. \"Come-on, slow poke!\" The tilt-a-whirl was their first stop, followed by the ferris-wheel. By the time they'd made their way to the bumper-cars, Oskar had all but forgotten the incident back at the subway car. After the fair, the two stopped off at an old-fashioned ice cream parlor, where Eli treated Oskar to a sundae with all the works. 16. \"Sorry to interrupt you, Father...\" Sean looked up from the paper work on his desk. Standing at the doorway of his office, was a tall middled age man. \"...lady up front said I could walk on in.\" \"That's fine...\" Said Sean \"...I'm not a Father though, I'm a Reverend. My name's Sean Harris. What can I do for you, Mr...?\" \"Henderson, Bill Henderson. I'm a private detective.\" Somehow Sean had already guessed that. Maybe it was the grey weathered all purpose suit and beige hat (that may have been brown at one time). Or maybe it was just the way he carried himself, but Sean knew. \"What can I do for you, ?\" \"I'm looking for a runaway. I've been told you know every runaway, junkie, and prostitute in town.\" \"I'm not sure I know every lost soul in town... but I'll see what I can do.\" The detective handed Sean a photograph. \"Have you seeing this boy? His name's Oskar. This picture was taking over a year ago, he should be about 14 by now.\" Sean studied the photograph, then said. \"Sorry , he doesn't look familiar.\" He handed the photo back. \"He's traveling with a girl...\" Henderson put the photo back in his coat pocket. \"...slim build dark hair, about the same age...\" Sean shrugged his shoulders. \"Sorry, ...\" \"That's alright, Reverend. I knew it was a longshot.\" Henderson then handed Sean a card. \"In case you do hear of anything, I would sure appreciate it if you'd call me. My number's on the back, just leave a message. And I'll get back to you.\" He turned to leave, then stopped. \"One more thing - if you don't mind?\" Sean did mine. He didn't like the detective, but he knew that the faster he answered all his questions, the sooner he'd be rid of him. \"Have there been any strange, or unexplained deaths, recently?\" Sean looked bewildered. \"What do you mean by strange?\" Henderson put his hat back on, then said. \"Forget I asked ... It's nothing. Thank you for your time, Reverend.\" Sean watched as the detective left his office. He looked over the calling card once more, then opened his desk drawer and dropped it in. But before closing it, he took out the picture of the little girl. He turned it over, and read the back. He then inspected the dark smudge closer, to make sure it really was blood - it was. He then placed the photo back in the drawer, and locked it closed. 17. Oskar looked at his watch, it was a quarter till six. He had been at the library most of the afternoon. That was one of the downsides to not having a permanent address, he couldn't get a library card. All reading had to be done on the premises. They had their own small private library, both he and Eli enjoyed reading, but Oskar thought it important to continue his education. So a couple of days a week, he would come to the library and study. It was starting to get darker earlier now, and Eli would be up soon. She still worried when he was out late by himself. And even though Oskar had insisted that he could take care of himself, he didn't like to make Eli worry. So he was sure to always be back home by sunset at the latest. When he exited the library, Oskar saw that it had gotten dark on him. He considered taking a short cut through 8th street, but 8th street was not a safe place to be after dark. He and Eli had found that out their first week in the neighborhood. Two homicides, in as many days. All within a two block stretch known as 'drug ally'. It was still early, thought Oskar. Maybe it won't be so bad yet. And for the most part, Oskar's walk though 8th street had been without incident. Then, as he walked by an overpass tunnel, Oskar heard a loud agitated voice. He paused at the dark opening, to listen. It was a males voice, then Oskar heard a females voice, she was whimpering. Just walkaway, he could hear Eli telling him. Mind your own business and walkaway...But he didn't. \"...you been holding out on me, bitch!\" \"No Johnny, I haven't!\" Oskar's eyes had adjusted enough for him to make out two figures. A tall thin figure, looming over a smaller cowering figure. \"Don't lie to me, bitch!\" Johnny punches her in the stomach, and she doubles over in pain. \"I told you bitch, never f*** with me!\" He punches her again, this time in the face. She collapses to the ground, out cold. \"Hey! You'd better stop that!\" Johnny looked over his shoulder, and saw someone standing at the opening of the tunnel. \"Who the f*** are you!\" Oskar was silent, that was as far as his plan went. \"Well, well, well, if it isn't Up-Town Boy. Hey, Up-Town Boy, where's your creepy little girlfriend?\" \"She's calling the Police..\" Bluffed Oskar. \"... from the corner store up the street. So if I were you, I'd get the hell out of here before they show up!\" If Oskar was scared of his bluff been called, he showed no outward sign of it. The two boys were now face to face. Oskar braced himself, his hands balled up into two tight fists at his sides. An eternity pasted, neither of the two willing to back down. \"This isn't over..\" Said Johnny finally. \"..not by a long shot! Next time I see you, you're DEAD!\" Johnny backed away, stopped momentarily by the girl, who was starting to regain consciousness. \"Later-days, bitch!\" As Johnny reached the opposite end of the tunnel, he turned once more and shouted something back at them. Unfortunately he was drowned out by a passing of a eighteen-wheeler overhead. Then he was gone. Oskar breathed a sigh of relief, then turned his attention to the injured girl. \"Are you alright?\" Oskar realized how naive that sounded, immediately after saying it \"Who are you ... where's Johnny?\" \"I'm Oskar. Your - friend is gone.\" Oskar helped her sit up. \"Gone?\" \"Yeah, and don't worry, I don't think he'll be bothering you again.\" \"But he has all my money!\" The despair in the girls voice prompted Oskar to change the subject. \"What's your name?\" \"Irene.\" \"Irene, do you think you can stand up now?\" \"I think so.\" Oskar carefully helped Irene to her feet. \"I'm going to take you somewhere, where you'll be safe. It's not far from here.\" \"Not the police!\" Protested Irene. \"No, it's not the police...\" Assured her, Oskar. \"... it's a shelter. It's run by a good guy, a reverend.\" \"A reverend?\" \"Yeah, I don't know him personally, but I've heard that he'll help anyone. And he doesn't ask too many questions either.\" Realizing she had nowhere else to go, Irene reluctantly agreed. 18. Johnny was still venting his anger, when he cut through a schoolyard on his way to the basement apartment that he shared with five others. \"I'm better off without that bitch!\" He ranted to himself. \"And that punk-ass little fagot better watch his ass, cause next time he won't be so lucky!\" As he neared the edge of the schoolyard, Johnny caught site of a strange shadow on the asphalt. Instinctively he looked up in search of it's source. Perched atop a basketball pole was a dark figure. At first Johnny thought it might be a plastic gargoyle, the kind used for Halloween decorations. There was a street light directly behind the figure making it difficult to see. Johnny raised a hand to block out the glare of the light. It was then that he saw the Thing's hair began to move in the evening breeze. \"What the hell?\" Johnny was dumbfound...then IT spoke. \"They'll be no - next time.\" Johnny's mind began to reel as he realized it was the same unearthly voice he'd heard on the subway train (it was THAT girl)! He took a step back in horror, then for the first time noticed her eyes. They were like cat eyes pierced through the darkness. Not even on his worst heroin trip, had Johnny seen anything so mind bending. Then she stood up, still balancing effortlessly atop the back-board. Johnny had seen enough. He turned and bolted in the direction he had just come from. Halfway back across the schoolyard, Johnny couldn't help but look back over his shoulder. \"Oh God - NO...!\" 19. 'More yellow tape?' Thought Sean to himself, as he came upon a small crowd on the sidewalk. 'It's beginning to be a daily occurrence. If the police would only assign a few more patrolmen - or any patrolmen for that matter, they might not have to come out here every other morning with their yellow tape. Damn, a schoolyard! Please God don't let it be a child.' Sean walked up as far as the crime tape would allow. He searched the crowd to see if he could spot the officer who had been so helpful to him the other day. He didn't see the officer, but Sean did see someone else he recognized. \"!\" Henderson nodded his head in acknowledgment. He had been talking to an officer but was now done. He put away his note-pad, and made his way over to Sean. \"So ...\" Said Sean \"...you're turning out to be a bit of a puzzle. You come into my office, and ask about a runaway. But then you also ask about any strange or mysterious deaths that may have accord recently. And now here you are at what I presume is a homicide...\" \"Is there somewhere we can talk?\" Said Henderson, ignoring Sean's statement all together. Sean suggested a cafe across the street, he didn't want to be too far from the shelter, in case he was needed. 20. \"Please forgive my bluntness...\" Said Sean, immediately after being seated at a table. \"...but I have to know. Was it a - child, back there at the schoolyard?\" \"It wasn't a school kid...\" Replied Henderson. \"...if that's what you wanted to know. It was a junkie by the name of Jonathan Ways.\" \"Johnny Ways?\" \"Yeah, did you know him?\" \"Yes. I tried helping Johnny when he first appeared on the streets.\" \"Yeah - well you don't have it worry about him anymore.\" Annoyed by the detectives crude sense of humor. It was now Sean who ignored the statement all together. \"I still don't understand. What does a runaway case have to do with this homicide, or any other homicide. I hope you're not going to suggest that a fourteen year old boy could've been responsible?\" \"Responsible - no, he's just a victim as well.\" \"You mean he's dead, too?\" Said Sean in alarm. \"No, he's still alive - in think.\" \"Detective, please!\" Sean had stopped trying to hide his frustration. Henderson become solemn. He leaned in closer (which made Sean extremely uncomfortable) and said. \"Do you believe in - evil?\" Red flags immediately went up in Sean's head as his psychologist training kicked in. \"I believe that man is capable of all kinds of evil..\" \"No, Reverend..\" Interrupted Henderson. \"..I'm talking about real evil. Evil as a tangible entity, as real as you and I.\" \"Why don't you tell me what this is all about, Mr. Henderson ?\" Henderson took a deep breath, then started. \"A little over 16 months ago, I was hired to find a runaway.\" \"Oskar?\" Asked Sean. \"That's right..\" Replied Henderson. \"It all sounded pretty routine. The boy was a loner, trouble with school bullies. Parents go through a divorce. All common in a runaway case. Then as I started my investigation, I found out that Oskar had made a new friend a few weeks before running away.\" \"The dark hair girl you mentioned in my office?\" \"Yes, that's right. And that's fairly common as well. One troubled lonely kid befriends another troubled lonely kid, and they decide to runaway together.\" \"And the girl?\" Asked Sean. \"Nothing. Not her name, nor where she came from...nothing!\" \"But even so...\" Said Sean \"...it still sounds like a fairly common runaway case. What's the connection between that and the homicides?\" From his briefcase, Henderson took out a folder and placed it in front of Sean. He opened it and inside were newspaper clippings, and some notes. \"What's this?\" Asked Sean. \"This is what I uncovered while investigating the runaway case. This first clipping was taking from a newspaper from Oskar's home town. It reported on three juveniles that were killed, or massacred is the word that was used, I think. Anyway, the leader of the gang was a known drug dealer, so the killings were largely assumed to have been drug related.\" Henderson took another deep breath then continued . \"Now, what I further discovered was that these same delinquents were also Oskar's bullies. They tormented the poor kid on a day basis.\" Henderson paused once more, for dramatic effect, then continued. \"Here's the kicker. They were killed one day prior to Oskar's departure.\" \"That doesn't prove anything..\" Protested Sean. \"...and you've already stated he had nothing to do with any homicides.\" \"Not him,\" Answered Henderson. \"Not directly anyway. But please let me continue.\" He handed Sean another newspaper clipping from the pile. \"This clipping came from the first town I had followed Oskar and the girl to. It reported on the murder of a Pimp. It states that his throat had been torn open, almost to the point of decapitation. The brutality of the killing reminded me of this first story.\" Henderson pointed to the newspaper clipping from Oskar's hometown. \"What THIS clipping doesn't say, is that one of Oskar's tormenters HAD been decapitated. It sounded like a hell of a coincidence. So on a trip back to Oskar's hometown, to report back to Oskar's parents and pick up some more funds, I decided to look into the story, myself. What I found out was that there had been a fourth juvenile that had survived the attack. Unfortunately he proved to be useless as a eyewitness. Shortly after been admitted into the hospital, he fell into a catatonic state. He did make one statement before that.\" \"What did he say?\" Asked Sean. \"He said that they had been attacked by a Demon girl. The statement was dismissed as part of his mental breakdown.\" Anticipating Sean's reaction, Henderson promptly continued. \"Before you say anything, I want you to listen to this.\" From a side compartment of his briefcase, Henderson took out a small tape-recorder, and placed it on the table. Before he was able to close his briefcase, Sean happened a glance inside. He wasn't certain but he thought he spied a bible in one of the compartments. Of the other thing he spied, there was no mistaking, it was a black and silver crucifix. \"This is from this morning.\" Henderson pressed the play button on the tape-recorder, and an old man's raspy voice came on. \"...yeah, well like I told the officer over there, I was down here last night collecting cans. I was over there by that dumpster, when I heard someone yell 'Oh God'! I looked up, and and that's when I'd seen it... it flew right over my head...clear over my head! It was a WITCH! As God as my witness, It was a witch straight out of hell!\" Sean pressed the stop button. \"Now what, Henderson? Statements from the emotionally unstable.\" \"Please, I need you to hear the rest, and try to keep an open mind.\" Reluctantly, Sean allowed Henderson to continue to play the recorded interview. Once again the old man's raspy voice came on. \"...then I'd seen someone running toward me. I couldn't tell from where I was, but something just didn't look right...Then as he got closer, I could see, God in heaven, I could see that the poor bastard had no head. He was running without a head...just like when I was a boy back at the farm, and my daddy use to cut the heads off of the chickens and they would run around the yard without a head...\" Henderson switched the recorder off. All that was heard was the clamor of dishes and silverware, and the murmur of the breakfast crowd. \"The head of the Ways kid was found an hour ago...four blocks away in a dumpster.\" Henderson waited for a reply, and he didn't have to wait long. \"Listen to what you're suggesting,\" Said Sean, earnestly. \"that a little girl is flying around killing people.\" \"Not a little girl..\" Interrupted Henderson, angrily. \"...Pure Evil!\" Sean was taken aback by the other man's outburst. Henderson composed himself, before continuing. \"Reverend, I know how crazy this all sounds, and the only a reason I'm confiding in you is because I need your help!\" \"What do you mean, you need my help?\" \"Last night's killing means they're still in town. You know these streets and it's people better then anyone. I need your help, Reverend. This is the closest I've been to them in over a year!\" 21. Sean didn't know what to make of his bizarre meeting with Henderson. Delusional Paranoia would be the obvious diagnosis of the man. Still, as Sean went through the newspaper clippings left to him by Henderson, he couldn't deny that many of the killings were similar. And there did appear to be a pattern. But a little girl, pure evil? No, that was insane! \"Good to see you've decided to join us today.\" It was Mary, Sean's assistant at the shelter. Her words had snapped Sean back to reality. \"I had an unexpected meeting this morning. So, did we get any overnight admission?\" \"Just one. A 15 year old girl. Her paperwork is on your desk.\" 22. The steady drone of the early evening rain made been inside the diner all the more cozier. Unfortunately for Oskar, he was unable to enjoy it, his mind was elsewhere. Not even Irene's enthusiastic conversation could keep his attention. \"...I have to share a room with three other girls, that sucks, but one girl is really nice. Her name's Kari and...\" 'Why did I lie to Eli?' Thought Oskar as Irene chatted on. It was only the second time he had seen Irene since that night. She had made him promise to visit her at the shelter, that was the only way she would agree to staying. Oskar felt he was doing nothing wrong. \"...I'll go back to school, or maybe I'll get a job. Kari works at a cafe, and she said that...\" So why did he feel so guilty? \"Oskar!\" Said Irene, a little irritated. \"I'm listening! I think it's great, you should go back to school.\" \"What's wrong, Oskar?\" \"I'm sorry Irene, but I really have to go now.\" \"That's okay, I guess I should be heading back, myself...\" In reality, Irene had hoped to stay out with Oskar for a while longer. But she didn't want to push him. \"...and besides, the rain is finally starting to slow down now.\" Oskar helped Irene with her raincoat and together they left the diner. Huddled in the doorway of an old brown-stone, was a petit figure. Her hair and clothes drenched by the rain. Her large dark eyes fixed on the couple that emerged from the diner across the street. 23 The rain had stopped by the time they reached the homeless shelter. \"...I think I'm going to ask Kari to try to get me a job at the cafe...\" \"Well, we're here.\" Said Oskar, half heartily. \"Yep, we're here...maybe we can do this again?\" Said Irene, nervously. Oskar became even more somber, then said. \"I like you Irene, I really do...but I'm with someone already. And I don't think it's right. It's not right for her, and it's not fair to you, too.\" \"Is it the girl that was with on the subway that day?\" Oskar nodded his head yes. \"We've been through a lot together. Eli means everything to me.\" Irene was disappointed, but she could hear the love in Oskar's voice, and she knew deep down that he would never feel that way about her. \"She's very lucky to have someone like you.\" She hugged Oskar, and whispered in his ear. \"Thank you...\" 24. Irene stood at the top step to the entrance of the homeless shelter. She watched Oskar as he walked down the street, then disappeared from view. \"Hello, Irene.\" Said Sean, as he exited the homeless shelter. \"Oh, hi Reverend. I didn't see you.\" \"Yes, I know. You looked preoccupied. Boy problems?\" He said playfully, as he climbed down the steps. \"It's not what you think, I was just saying goodbye to my friend, Oskar...\" Sean stopped, at the bottom step, his hand still on the railing. \"Did you say your friends name was Oskar?\" \"Yes!\" \"Is he about fourteen, with blonde hair?\" \"Yes, but..\" \"Listen to me, Irene! It's very important that I talk with him! Can you tell me where he was going?\" \"I think he was going to the subway station. But why do you want to talk to him? He's...\" Before Irene could finish her sentence, Sean had already running down the street. 25. Oskar was deep in thought. So much so that he failed to hear the man that was asking him a question. \"Excuse me, is this seat taking?\" The man repeated. \"Huh? Oh no, go right ahead.\" \"You look like someone that has a lot on he's mind.\" Said the man as he settled into the seat next to him. \"Yeah, I guess.\" Oskar was breaking one of his rules by talking with the man. But the guy seemed alright. He looked like a priest, or something. \"I'm a pretty good listener myself.\" Continued the man. \"My names Sean, but most people call me Reverend.\" \"Reverend... from the homeless shelter?\" \"I see you've heard of me...good things I hope.\" \"Yeah, a friend of mine is staying at your shelter.\" \"Is that so..what's her name?\" There was a pause. \"How did you know my friend was a girl?\" Oskar immediately became suspicions. \"I thought I heard you said 'girlfriend'\" Sean tried fast to recover. \"I think this is my stop...\" Said a nervous Oskar, as the train approached a platform. He was now certain that it had been no coincidence that this man sat next to him. \"Wait!\" Said Sean. \"I want to help you, Oskar! I could have gone to the police, but I didn't. I'm not your enemy, I just want to help you.\" Against his better judgment, Oskar set back down. He needed to know what this man knew. \"I don't know what you're talking about.\" \"Don't play naive, son.\" Said Sean. \"I know all about you...and I also know about the girl...know WHAT she is...and i know what she's done.\" This was no time for subtleties, this was truly a matter of life or death. \"What she is...\" Said Oskar, his anger rising. \"...is a person that was infected with a horrible disease. And is now force to do things...to survive. She has no choice!\" \"There is always a choice.\" Said Sean. \"Everybody has a choice to do good or evil.\" \"Evil!\" Replied Oskar enraged. \"Eli is not evil!\" Sean could see that he needed to change tactics. \"What do you think is going to happen to you...\" \"Eli would never harm me...\" Interrupted Oskar. \"That's not what I meant.\" Said Sean. \"What do you think is going to happen when you get older? Don't you think you'll want to be with someone more your age when you become an adult? And if you do stay with her, do you think SHE'LL still want to be with YOU, when you become an old man? Sean paused, then said. \"Or will she infect you, to keep you as you are now?\" Once again Oskar got up to leave, and once again Sean tried stopping him. \"Please, Oskar...\" He had a hold of Oskar's arm. \"Leave us alone!\" He putted free, and shoved his way past Sean. \"Just leave us alone!\" 26. Oskar had no idea where he had gotten off, nor did he care. There was more to worry about then being lost. How did the Reverend know about them, and who else knew? Could Irene have known and told the Reverend? No, that was impossible, Oskar had been careful not to talk about his past when he was with Irene. Irene...things would be so much easier with someone like her. One thing the Reverend had said was true. In the time they'd been together, Oskar had aged. Not a whole lot, but still, what would happen in ten years when he'd be 24 and she still 12? After wandering the streets for hours, Oskar happen to look up at a street sign. 'Huh, that's funny' he thought 'I'm on my street. I've been heading home all this time.' 27. The apartment was dark. The only source of light coming from three misshaped lumps of wax, that had started off the evening as candles. Next to the kitchen nook at the dining counter, Eli sat in the dim light, her large doe eyes reflecting the flicker of the candles flames. \"Did the lights go out again?\" Asked Oskar as he tried the light switch on the wall. \"There..that's better.\" He said as the rest of the apartment was illuminated by electric light. \"Why were you sitting in the dark?\" \"I was waiting for you...\" Answered Eli in a low and soft voice. \"I know, I'm sorry I'm so late. I got off on the wrong exit and was lost...\" As he approached Eli, Oskar noticed something different about her. \"Are you wearing make-up?\" \"A little...\" Said Eli as she tugged nervously on the hem of her dress. \"What's all this..?\" Oskar could now see the counter more clearly. Aside from the candles there were two place settings. On his plate, there was a slice of cold pizza. There was also a glass of room temperature orange soda, it's ice having melted long ago. Then, like the illumination of the room, Oskar finally realized what Eli was doing. And he felt like a complete idiot and heel. \"You didn't have to do all of this for me.\" He took her petite hands in his. \"I love you, Eli. Just as you are...No matter what, for always!\" Oskar was now certain that he did indeed love Eli...no matter what, for always. \"Please forgive me for...for being such a idiot.\" Eli studied Oskar's face in silence. It was no longer round, he had lost his baby-fat. And his nose had narrowed a bit, but his eyes were still the same. Big and blue, with that lost little boy quality she had fell in love with, a lifetime age. She smiled at him and said. \"Your pizza's cold...\" He took her in his arms and they kissed, and all apprehensions and worries about the future were gone, from that moment on. After kissing, Oskar saw a single tear rolling down Eli's white cheek. It was the first time he'd ever seeing her cry, and was about to remark on it, but then changed his mind. Instead saying. \"Pizza, mmmm I'm starving!\" Eli smiled. \"I'm going to have to heat it up for you again.\" \"In that case, I'll be right back!\" \"Where are you going?\" \"It's a surprise! I'll be right back, five minutes I promise!\" Oskar had remembered passing a flower shop that was still open. If he hurried, he could make it before they closed. Eli sighed and closed the door behind him. She went back to the counter and picked up Oskar's plate and placed it into the oven. She then took his glass of soda, and pored it into the sink. She was about to refill it, when she heard a lite rapping at the door. \"Did you forget your key, again? I swear, I'm going to have to hang that key around your neck!\" Eli opened the door... 28. \"You made it just in time, young man.\" \"In that case I'll be quick. I already know what I want. Let me have some of those.\" Oskar pointed to some Irises that were behind the display case. He knew that Irises were Eli's favorite flowers. The elderly man wrapped up the flowers in a clear plastic sheet, and handed them to Oskar. Oskar paid the elderly florist, and told him to keep the change. As he walked back to the apartment, Oskar inspected the flowers. Eli is going to love these. They'll be perfect as a center piece. 29. As he walked back to his building, Oskar was startled by the sound of a car backfiring. Only it wasn't a car, and Oskar knew it. \"Eli!\" Time seemed to slowed down to a crawl, as Oskar ran the final block. He reached the back of the building just in time to witness someone burst through a third story window. The explosion of glass and wood was a blur to Oskar, but instinctively he knew. \"Eli!\" He found her crumpled body between two trash cans. A pile of empty boxes had breaking her fall, but none the less it had been a hard impacted. He knelt down beside her, gently lifted her head. \"Eli.\" She blinked her eyes open, and looked up at him. \"I'm alright, Oskar.\" She said in a horse voice. \"...but we have to go...now.\" She looked up at the window she had just jumped through. Looking back down at them through jagged glass, was a man. \"Help me up.\" Oskar could see that Eli had fractured her leg. He placed her arm around his neck, and his arm around her waist. Then lifted her to her feet. In a half running half skipping fashion, they made there way out of the ally. There was an abandon building not far that was sometimes used by vagrants and drug addicts. Oskar would usually steer clear of the area, but now it would have to be their sanctuary. 30. When they reached the building they were in luck, it was empty. In one of the ground floor rooms, Oskar found the back seat of a car. He flipped right-side up, then very gently sat Eli down it. It was only then that he noticed blood on his hands. \"Eli, you've been shot!\" \"I'll be alright\" Said Eli, calmly. \"I just need some time to heal.\" \"But, Eli..!\" \"Oskar, I'll be alright...see.\" She lifted her dress to show him that her wounds had already began to heal. The bullet had gone clean through her side. Oskar could see that both entrance and exit wounds had indeed began to close. \"What happened Eli? Who was that?\" \"I don't know. I thought it was you, that's why I opened the door.\" \"Did he look like a priest?\" \"No.\" Answered Eli with a puzzled look. \"He was wearing a suit and hat. Why would he look like a priest?\" \"No, it's nothing. I just saw someone that looked like a priest earlier, that's all.\" Then Oskar asked. \"Did he said anything?\" \"He said that he had been after me for a long time.\" \"And then?\" \"Then he took out a gun and...\" She didn't finish, and Oskar didn't press her any further. \"How is your leg?\" \"That will also heal.\" Eli was only half truthful. While her leg would heal fast it would first have to be set. It was a gruesome procedure she wished not to have Oskar witness. \"Oskar, why don't you go make sure that we weren't followed.\" \"Are you sure you'll be alright here?\" \"I'll be fine.\" \"Okay, I'll be right back then.\" He kissed her, then exited the room. As soon as he was gone, Eli began looking around for something she could use to help her set her leg. At the far end of the room was a large section of wall with exposed wooden planks. She pulled herself up, balancing on one leg. She then hopped over to the wall and laid down on the floor facing the wall. She carefully placed her injured leg in-between two horizontal planks. She then gripped her leg tightly with both hands, braced herself, then counted. \"One, two, three..!\" On three, she pulled as hard and as fast as she could, snapping the bone back into place. It took all of her strength to keep from screaming out in pain. Afterwards, she fell limp on the floor exhausted. But there was no time to rest. She scooted back up to a sitting postion, then tore a long strip of material from bottom her dress. She then took two pieces of wood, and made a splint for her leg. Oskar had been gone for a long time now, and Eli had began to worry. She pulled herself up using the wall to steady herself. She then took a deep breath and started toward the hallway. Halfway there, she heard the front door creaking open. 'Thank goodness, Oskar.' She was about to called out to him, but stopped herself. Something was wrong, there had been no code knock. After all that had happened, Eli was certain that Oskar would have used the code knock. 'It wasn't Oskar! It was the man with the gun!' The hallway was dark, but that made little difference to Eli, she could see clearly in pitch back darkness. From where she stood, Eli could see that the front door was halfway open. Whoever it was, they were already inside. Eli knew she still wasn't ready for a confrontation, so she hopped over to the staircase and as quietly as she could ascended the stairs, by hops. The second floor was much like the first, mostly empty rooms flanking both sides of a long hallway. The third and fourth floors where repeats. But by the end of the five and final floor, Eli came to a padlocked door. A sign on the door said (MAINTENANCE ONLY). Eli looked around, on the floor near by was an empty fire extinguisher. She picked it up, and with one swift downward motion broke the lock off. Behind the door was a narrow stairwell that lead to a second door, that in-turn led to the roof. 31. The rooftop was covered in gravel. This will make it difficult for Eli to sneak up on her pursuer. If she hadn't damaged her leg, Eli could've easily leaped at him from whichever location or distance. To her far left was a water-tank, fifteen feet high and thirty-five feet in diameter. To her right, some twenty feet away was a large metal box. The box was about four feet high, and had an array of thick metal cables protruding from one side. Eli made her way it to the box. Her first instinct was to climb up the ladder that was adjacent to the water-tank, and she was hoping that her pursuer would do just that. That would give her the advantage of attacking him from behind, as he tried for the ladder. Eli's leg was almost mended now, but she didn't want to take a chance. It was always best to have the element of surprise, whenever possible. Specially when dealing with someone that was armed. As she sat waiting behind the box, her knees pulled up to her chest and her arms wrapped around her legs, Eli once again thought about Oskar. She was hoping that he too was hiding somewhere safe, and that they would soon be reunited. Then she heard the door swing open. She took a deep breath, and waited. \"I know you're up here, Demon!\" Called out the man with the gun. \"It's over, you've got nowhere else to go!\" Eli sat silent, waiting to hear the man's footsteps on the gravel as he walked toward the ladder of the water-tank. But instead, the man continue to speak. \"And if you think your friend is going to help you...you'd better think again. I've put an end to his tortured possessed soul. You'll never again...\" He's speech were cut short by a blood curdling screamwq345as. Henderson spun around, firing his gun in the direction of the unearthly cry. He emptied has weapon, hitting his mark twice. The bullets intersected Eli in mid air, with such force that it flung her backwards. She skidded across the graveled surfaced, tumbling for several yards before finally coming to a stop at the building's edge. Henderson slowly walked over to her. \"I know I can't kill you with bullets.\" He said as he holstered his empty weapon. \"But they will slow you down enough for me to use this...!\" From beneath his coat, Henderson unsheathed a hunting knife, it's twelve inch blade gleaming in the moonlight. \"The only way to kill a demon like you...is to cut off it's head.\" Eli laid motionless. 'That's right...come to me'. She thought. If this was to be the end, she was taking this maniac with her. \"Your reign of evil is over!\" Henderson raised the massive hunting knife. Eli readied herself like a coiled snake, it's tense muscles ready to spring on it's attacker. Then as she was about to make her move, Henderson's chest suddenly thrust forward in a quick unnatural spasm. His eyes bulged and his mouth opened in a soundless scream. Eli was confused, but nonetheless ready to strike. Then Henderson slowly began to turned around. And as he did so, Eli could see a long medal rod protruding from the center of his back. \"You..\" Said Henderson in a barely audible gurgle, as blood steamed forth from has mouth. He was now face to face with his attacker. Oskar's face was pale and his hair was soaked with perspiration. There was a large stain a blood on the front of his shirt where he'd been stabbed. \"..you can't be alive..!\" Said Henderson a little more clearer. He dropped the knife and reached into his coat pocket and took out a second smaller gun. Oskar swayed back and forth, the lack of blood causing him to fade in and out. His will alone keep him standing. With a shaky hand, Henderson leveled the revolver and pulled back the hammer. He was about to pull the trigger, when in a horrifying second his chest exploded outward. In mindless shock, he looked down. Protruding from the center of his chest was the same rod that he had been impaled with, this time it had been driven all the way though. Then like some grotesque marionette, Henderson was lifted off the ground. It was then that Oskar could see Eli at the opposed end of the rod. She lifted Henderson up until he was completely over their heads. Then with one final heave, she sent him clear over the edge of the building. When Eli turned back to Oskar, he could see that all the rage had left her eyes. Her face had soften once more. Then everything went black. 32. Oskar...Oskar... Eli's voice seemed faraway, as if though in a dream. \"Oskar...Oskar...\" Then her beautiful face came into focus. Her dark hair silhouetted by the soft glow of the early morning light. \"Eli..\" Oskar smiled up at her, and Eli smiled back. Then as his mind cleared further, Oskar suddenly realized what he was seeing, and began to panic. \"Eli...The Sun!\" He tried to get up, but Eli wouldn't let him. \"But Eli...the Sun!\" She gently laid him back down. \"Don't worry about anything, my love. She moved has hair away from his eyes, and placed her small white hand on his cheek. And she smiled at him again. And in that moment there was an unspoken understanding that passed between the two, and Oskar smiled back. \"I love you so much...\" Said Eli. \"...I love you more then life, itself.\" She laid down beside him, and very gently laid her head down on his chest. She could hear his heart beating, and she could see his chest rise then fall, rise then fall, shallower and shallower. \"The sky looks so beautiful. The colors reminds me of the light shade you brought home to our first apartment together. Do you remember, my love?\" Eli could no longer hear his heart beating. \"It's so beautiful..\" As she looked into the horizon, all the colors of dawn were reflected in her large liquidly eyes. \"..so so beau...\" Sent from my iPhone ","Summary":" 1. \"A big city!\" Had been Oskar's response to Eli's question regarding where he wanted to go. \"W"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Sometimes It Hurts Instead","Author":"InfectedByEli","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7570401","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authors note: This is a one-shot microfic, set a few years after Eli and Oskar's escape from Blackeberg. It is not a happy tale. It is not, in any shape or form, what I would want from an official continuation. I have not read Let The Old Dreams Die, so please, no spoilers. I would love to hear your views, criticisms, complaints, applause about the story, style, and content. It will be abundantly obvious that I am not a professional writer, I have no real ego where my writing is concerned, so feel free to say what you feel. 17-08-1988 Multrå Sweden He considered her for a long while, knowing that she would wait for his addled mind to come to a conclusion. If there was one thing he was sure about, it was this, she was infinitely patient. He struggled to find the words, words that wouldn't hurt. Even though he knew she could tear him limb from limb if the fancy took her, this was not his concern. Physically, she was so much stronger than him, possibly stronger than she had ever shown him. But inside, where it mattered, she was vulnerable. She had spent so much of her life using people for her own ends, that she had lost touch with what it was to need someone purely for what they were, and not for what they could do for her. And that caused her problems, and misunderstandings, and emotional surges. He was drunk, and he knew it. She knew it. The stench of dribbled beer and whiskey rampaged through her heightened olfactory system like Vikings on a raiding spree. There was another smell mingled within the alcohol. A less familiar, but all too obvious smell. It annoyed her that he could be so careless to lose control like that. A drunken word here, a whispered secret there, could bring their whole lives crashing down about their heads. Yes, she was annoyed, but that was as far as it went. She knew full well what addiction was like. The times she had lost control to satiate the burning within her veins, to make it stop, to become ... normal again. She couldn't truly resent him for that need to feel normal. With her it was stay alive, to perpetuate the monster that she was. With him it was to forget, forget the monster that he had become. \"Yes, I spoke with someone\". \"A woman?\" \"Yes, a woman\". He took a moment to steady his swaying vision, so that he could look directly into her eyes. \"But you know that already. You can smell her scent\". \"Yes\". \"So why ask?\" Pleased with himself that he hadn't fallen into the trap of denial, despite his inebriated condition, he allowed himself to feel a little smug satisfaction at his intellect. But he was a little too smug, and it showed in his words. They both knew why she had asked that particular question, he had wanted to let her know that he was onto her little game. Although for Eli it was no game. So with an acceptance of the rhetorical nature of his counter question, she ignored it. She disguised the hurt that his barely hidden triumphalism caused, and quietly continued. \"What did you talk about?\" \"Stuff … nothing … y'know, the usual.\" Lacking the mental willpower to maintain eye contact he let his head fall, to rest on the back of the chair in which he was slumped. His gaze followed the damp patches on the room's high, dilapidated ceiling. He silently speculated the odds on whether or not there were several dead bodies hidden below the floorboards of the flat above. He dismissed this thought as Eli spoke again. \"No, I don't know. Tell me\". He was too far gone to be able to pick up on the little things that gave away her state of mind. The fact that she was talking quietly didn't mean that she was exactly calm. He didn't need to be sober to realise this. It had been a long time since he had heard her raise her voice to anything above conversational levels, even when he had let her down, disappointed her, hurt her … again. \"Y'know, ...\" he slurred, \" … the weather ... the state of public transport ... the election\". \"So, she interested you?\" \"No\". \"Then why …?\" \"Because she was there ... and you weren't\". That last part caught her off guard. She stopped idly playing with the braided cotton bracelet he had made for her just two days previously. Almost instantly he regretted saying those last three words, but it was far too late now, the damage was done. \"I see\". He looked over to see her eyes lower towards the floor. Those sad grey eyes that he loved so much. He cursed himself for his stupidity and selfishness. His false pride had made him careless, and in turn had caused his fall. He was fully aware that she couldn't just mingle with people as he could, and it was pathetic of him to throw it in her face during a moment of conflict, as if to underline a failing on Eli's part. At night, once the Sun had sunk below the horizon, she was afforded a few hours of freedom. Even then, in the dark, when it was safe to venture out of the flat, she preferred to be alone with Oskar. The sleepy town, their playground. She mostly kept away from the locals that braved the poorly lit streets, her social awkwardness would get her noticed, and remembered. It was seven years on from when she had first met Oskar. Back when they both had the same goal as far as people were concerned. Her a twelve year old vampire, him a twelve year old bullied child, the two of them trying not to be noticed, trying to be invisible. But things had changed since then, Oskar had changed. \"I'm sorry I ... I didn't mean that\". \"Yes you did\" She replied. Resigned to the all too obvious truth ... she was no longer his world. \"No, I really didn't\". He had recently been seeking out the company of others during the daylight, she could tell by their essence on his clothes. It was an activity she had asked him to keep to a minimum, but it had been getting more and more frequent over the last few months. She had smelled the same people on him repeatedly, and he had lied to her. Claiming that they were shop keepers or waitresses that he couldn't avoid coming into contact with during the day. A raised heart rate and inability to maintain eye contact told her he was lying, he was a lousy liar. This ineptitude for deceit, on Oskar's part, had brought a strange sense of ease to Eli. It meant he still had a conscience, he still cared. But she couldn't let it continue. Having risen from the floor, Eli stretched. Her joints cracking loudly. She reached upwards, on tip-toe, fingers splayed as if grasping for the ceiling. Oskar caught a glimpse of her cotton swathed buttocks as the thin sweater she was wearing rode up with her efforts. Forbidden fruit. A slowly sobering Oskar watched as she gradually closed the distance between them. Her progress was deliberately unhurried. Eventually coming to a stop in front of his chair, she stood there looking at him, silhouetted by the shadeless, sixty watt light bulb that hung dejectedly from a crumbling plaster mound. In his vision, she was a single homogeneous void, a total absence of light, with an almost tangible dark force emanating from within her. He didn't need to be able to see her face, her features were indelibly etched into his memory. The cruel march of time passing her by, leaving her unmarred. Eternally youthful, innocently beautiful beyond measure. The focus of his vision settled upon the faint light reflecting back from her retinas. A cold, white light. Her eyes, portals to seemingly boundless recesses, as old as time itself. \"Eli?\" \"Yes?\" \"Do you … do you ever you regret meeting me?\" \"Never\". A dagger to his heart. \"Do you?\" Truth be told ... sometimes ... he did, but he would never tell her that. \"You saved my life. How could I regret that?\" How could he possibly convey the utter hopelessness of his love for her. He was hers, in deed, thought, and mind. But whoever had dealt his hand had condemned him to a love that could not progress. To a love that was limited to moral quandaries and mortal boundaries. It was his constant thought that he would die, and they would be separated again, it ate away at him. He lived that thought every day, and it was slowly destroying him. Eli knelt down onto the floor in front of his chair and lifted his hand from its resting place. Planting Oskar's knuckles against her cheek she cradled the hand carefully against her alabaster skin. \"I'm lost, Eli. I don't belong to this world any more. I talk to people, and fool myself that I am like them, but I'm not. If they knew what I have done for you, what I will continue to do, they would tie me to a post and set fire to me. I'm not entirely sure that I would try to stop them\". \"You said you were happy with me. You said we were soul mates\". \"Soul mates? I really said that? A soul? Ha! I doubt I have one of those any more, if I even had one to start with\". She turned his hand so that his palm was caressing her jawline, and leaned into it. Was she trying to comfort him or gain comfort for herself, or both? \"I love you Eli, but I am getting older and you are not\". This was met with a puckered brow and a sorrowful expression. She knew what was coming next. They had been over this a hundred times or more. He was stubbornly possessed by this idea, and soon the day would come when he would no longer be placated. She feared that he would force the issue, one way or another. \"No\". \"'No', what?\" \"No, I will not do that to you. I will never do that to you\". \"But Eli, it's the only way\". \"No!\". Pushing his hand round behind her neck and gripping it firmly, he forced her to make eye contact. \"You want to watch me get old and decrepit?...\" \"Is that what you want?...\" \"Huh?...\" \"Is it?...\" \"Is that what you really want?\" With barely any effort she swiped his hand away from her neck before lunging towards his face. Only to stop a mere inch away from his nose. In a low growl that she hoped would leave some kind of impression, she slowly responded \"Stop. Asking. For that. It's. Not. Going to. Happen.\" Too drunk for his own good, he countered with \"You keep saying that, but by the time you've realised it's the only way, it'll be too late … I thought you loved me\". Softening, she cupped his cheek in her tiny hand \"It's because I love you, that I refuse\". She watched Oskar's expression changing as he was struggling with conflicting thoughts. His bad moods had been getting darker and more frequent, and Eli wasn't sure she could help him. In the absence of Oskar's voice, Eli's mind was cast back to when they were first alone since leaving Blackeberg. Properly alone. Hundreds of miles from anyone they had ever known. Alone, together. During the early months Oskar had blossomed. He had risen to meet every challenge presented to him. From finding appropriate accommodation, to providing her with food. Her first meal, after leaving the train and travelling only at night with Oskar, was in fact, his own blood. Eli had wanted to find a tramp to drain, but Oskar had insisted that it was far too dangerous, and not to mention far too gross. The tramps smelt worse than she ever did. He offered her his blood, she reluctantly accepted. She didn't want to hurt Oskar in any way, but it seemed important to him that he made this sacrifice. Oskar didn't even ask how she would do it, he just seemed to trust her implicitly. She had done this before, taken blood from a willing donor, without killing or infecting them. It was risky for her, letting people know what she was, but she hated killing for food. She recalled the time they had broken into a health club and had climbed up onto the flat roof of the pool. She could have easily carried him up there but he had wanted to prove that he could do it himself, he had managed it, and she had been impressed. They had stood there for about an hour simply observing the night life of the town below, the myriad street lights that seemed to be reflections of the stars that shone above them in a clear sky. He had reached out and curled his hand around hers and almost imperceptibly had said \"I could die right now, Eli. I'm just... happy. I've never felt that before\". She had turned and looked up at him, and when he faced her she had simply smiled. A genuine smile, and that was reward enough for him. She had smiled, not realising that she had just missed the genesis of his depression. He had decided that giving up his mortal presence was a small price to pay if it meant spending hundreds of years with Eli. A small price indeed. With a sigh, Eli climbed fully onto the chair and settled on top of Oskar while straddling his chest with her naked legs bent. Her face towered above him, he glanced up to see a calm but immensely sad expression. His breath caught in his throat as it hit home that he had, once again, upset her. But it is not an Eli that has been hurt that he sees, it is an Eli full of sadness and resolve. She has to act in order end his fatal obsession. No good will come of leaving it to fester, it can't be ignored any longer. She sees that now. She would not pass her infection onto him, how could she? How could anyone commit a loved one to a living hell. A hell that slowly leeches all humanity from you, and leaves you nothing better than an animal. Oskar had saved her from that fate simply by loving her for what she was. He had brought her back from the brink, but she was still broken. So very broken. She wouldn't sentence him to that, to a living death. She couldn't bear the thought of him suffering for the rest of time, she would rather see him dead. She would rather sentence herself to lose what he had given her and return to being an emotionless pariah. He raised his arms in order to hug her, to show in some measure that he was sorry for hurting her, again. She deftly caught his arms and pinned them carefully but firmly against the chair. He didn't understand, his face a study of confusion. He wondered if she was going to speak. He waited, but she continued to stare silently into his eyes. \"Eli?\" \"Shh\". His brow furrowed, but he stayed there, in a curious state of anticipation. After what seemed like only a few seconds, but was actually considerably longer, he tried to reposition himself, to get more upright in the chair. Insistently, but with tangible affection, she kept him pinned. He could sense her total lack of hostility, her empathy. It was very disarming, very ... peaceful. He had wanted to say something, but it had completely left his mind, and he didn't seem to care. He forced his eyes to leave her gaze, which was never an easy thing for him to do, but right then it was harder than usual. At the very moment he managed to free himself from her piercing grey regard, he sensed a slight deflation in her mood. He was a little flattered, but he shouldn't have been. Eli sighed internally. She had felt him succumbing to her mind but he had inexplicably just looked away. She remembered the very first time they had met, she had him caught like a rabbit in a car's headlights. All she had to do was bite and suck and she would have sated the hunger that was ripping her apart. Instead, he had stroked her cheek. With the contact came his thoughts, and she saw herself as he saw her. A thing of wonder, of beauty, and of intrigue. These notions had been so alien to her that she had been completely taken aback. But that was then, and now there was real need to subdue Oskar in order to limit the pain ... for both of them. He notices how healthy she looks, and how free from detritus her hair is. She has showered. He can smell the soap. He also feels how much heavier she is than he remembers, not that she has sat on his chest like this for a long time. Even though, he is enjoying the contact. He suddenly realises that he can't feel his hands. They are totally numb, both of them. Glancing down he sees, as if for the first time, Eli's powerful hands gripping his upper arms. His skin beneath her hands is white and devoid of blood, and the ache is only now making its presence known. His mind wakes up and wants answers, \"Why is she holding him so tightly?\", and \"Why have I only just noticed?\" He trusts her implicitly but he is still perturbed. A quiet, sad voice from above beckons to him, \"Oskar?\" \"Huh?\", he looks up to see his angel's cheerless smile. And is instantly captured again. His mind, no longer his own, is soothed and comforted. His body floats gently in mid air, within the all encompassing tendrils of a Weeping Willow. A babbling brook is nearby, he can hear its quiet gurgling. Eli is there with him. All pain forgotten. All regrets chased away. The sun is shining brightly and Eli looks happier that he has ever seen her. Once she is convinced that Oskar is beyond waking, she relaxes her grip on his arms and slumps forward. With her hair framing his face she breathes in his scent, savouring it, memorising it. She can feel his shallow breath on her cheeks that are now wet with tears. A sob escapes her throat and she straightens before she has the chance to yield to the many voices in her head yelling at her to stop this insanity. She slowly climbs off him, leaps gracefully from the chair and lands silently on the floor below. Her naked feet pad across the cold hardwood floor to his bedroom, where she collects a blanket from his bed and covers him with it. She has a lot to do, and not many hours of darkness left. He is twelve years old and, of course, so is she. They are alone in the world, and they wouldn't have it any other way. They don't need anyone else, they have each other. That is all they need, that is all they'll ever need. Each other. Eli stands behind the chair that contains a recumbent Oskar. She moves the blanket enough to uncover his face and neck. His head is facing to the side. She leans over and gently kisses him on his cheek and whispers \"I will always remember you\". Brushing an errant cluster of hair from over his eyes, she manages to force out a broken \"Alw-a-ys\". She turns to him with a suddenly serious face, and says \"I must leave, for you to live. If I stay, you will surely die. Good bye, Oskar\". \" What?\" But she is gone, and his world becomes dark and foreboding. He is alone, so utterly alone. He slips to the ground, hugging his knees, while a bitingly cold wind brings snow. He hears her voice as it swirls within the squall, her last words to him are \"Remember me...\", and all time stops. Fin ","Summary":" Authors note: This is a one-shot microfic, set a few years after Eli and Oskar's escape from Blacke"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Humans","Author":"Cortana49","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6853940","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Oskar opened his eyes. Above him was a grey ceiling. He lay on his back on a bed. He looked around. His vision took a moment to focus. Grey walls, small room, Eli looking at him with worry. Eli. He remembered what it was like waking up fro, his schoolmates' attempt to murder him and seeing Eli above him, his angel there to rescue him. Eli now wore different clothes… boyish… and he had a different haircut, but otherwise he was the same Eli. His savior. Oskar smiled. After a moment, Eli smiled too. The silence was broken by the distant wail of a siren. Where were they, anyway? The last thing he could remember was getting on a train out of town with Eli in his suitcase. \"What happened?\" he asked, but his voice sounded strange in a way he couldn't put his finger on. \" Oskar .\" Eli grinned from ear to ear. \"You don't remember? There was a car accident. You were injured. The doctors didn't think you would survive. It's a miracle!\" He kissed him. As their lips touched, a flash of memory sparked deep inside Oskar. He saw Oriental men in white clothing in a bright white room, talking to him. He remembered shouting angrily at them and throwing something. The kiss ended. Eli pulled back. \"I don't remember all of it,\" he said. \"I think I remember the hospital. There were these Chinese doctors, right?\" Eli started to say something but stopped. \"Yes. They flew in to treat you. I gave you the best doctors in the world.\" He reached out, grabbed Oskar's hand and squeezed it. There wasn't the usual temperature shock. Eli must have warmed up with the room. \"I'm just glad you're safe and sound.\" Oskar squeezed his eyes shut and blinked. This was so strange, so… surreal. It was like a dream, except he was aware of so much—the feel of the hard mattress beneath him, the light cloth blanket atop him, Eli's powerful grip, and the smell of blood on Eli's breath—that it had to be real. \"Where are we?\" \"Somewhere safe,\" Eli assured him. \"Somewhere I can protect you forever, my dear Oskar. Come on, try and stand.\" He released Oskar's hand and took a few steps back to make room. Oskar swung his legs over side of the bed, pulling the blanket off. He wondered if he would have trouble standing. Eli hadn't said what kind of injury he suffered. Would his legs work? With some trepidation, he put his weight on his legs and stood up. He expected weakness, but there was none. He actually felt strong and energetic, like he could dance all over the place. Maybe he would run around with Eli later. Oskar took a few steps forward, closing the distance between him and Eli. He smiled. He was fine. It was odd, though… There was something about his balance. He felt different, like it took less effort to move. He supposed he lost some weight in the time he spent recovering. Eli smiled with him. \"Good,\" he said, giving him a hug. When he pulled back, there was a look of excitement in his eyes. \"Come on.\" Eli led Oskar out of the bedroom, into what looked like a living room. The windows were boarded up, and the place was dimly-lit with a series of old lamps that looked like they'd been scavenged from a junk heap. It was impossible to tell what time of day it was, but Oskar presumed from Eli's alert state that it was nighttime. Besides a couple of lawn chairs, the room was empty of furniture. At the edge of the room, however, were over a dozen board games sitting in a stack. Grinning, Eli grabbed the first game on the pile and set it down in the middle of the room. \"We can play games all day, Oskar,\" he said, sitting down. \"This one is popular. Do you like it?\" \"Monopoly? Yeah, it's cool,\" Oskar agreed, sitting across from him. He opened the box and started setting it up, handing Eli the instruction book. He was struck by how worn everything was. The pretend money felt like it had been handled thousands of times, and he had to lift the pieces delicately to prevent from tearing them. Eli hadn't gotten these games from the store, Oskar was sure; more like the trash from... a school, maybe. Oskar waited until Eli had his nose buried in the rule book before lifting a fake bill to his nose and surreptitiously taking a sniff. It didn't smell bad, like he would expect if it came from the trash. It just smelled like old paper. It reminded him of stepping into a library. He quickly put the paper down before Eli could see and possibly take offense. Once Eli had the rules straight, they played. Oskar won the first round, but Eli won the second and third. Oskar finally won the fourth, and then they switched to Parcheesi, which they played several times before getting bored. When Eli took out the fourth game and Oskar saw the title was Operation, he again thought about his apparently miraculous recovery. \"Was I in a coma?\" Oskar asked. Eli stilled. \"Yes,\" he whispered. He raised his sad eyes to meet Oskar's. \"For far too long.\" Oskar started to ask how long, but he stopped. Eli was getting upset, and Oskar didn't want to upset him. Besides, Oskar was fine now, and thinking about being in a coma was rather unnerving. \"Battleship,\" Eli decided, trading the Operation game for the Battleship game. \"We'll play that one later.\" They played a few games of Battleship. Though it was Eli's first time, he immediately figured out to bomb in a checkered pattern, and soon tracked down Oskar's ships one by one. Seeing as he had little chance of winning, Oskar entertained by making sound effects. \"Oh no!\" he said in a squeaky voice as Eli's missile hit one of his ships, pretending to be one of the doomed seamen. \"We're done for!\" Eli smiled. \"To the depths with you,\" he said in a gravelly voice. \"You and the rest of your wretched people!\" They abandoned Battleship for their own game of pretend, Eli playing the evil pirate Blackbeard—who operated a fleet of modern warships with missiles—while Oskar was the noble captain of the battleship, which was the biggest ship in his fleet that Eli hadn't destroyed. Eli and Oskar ran around the room, chasing each other. Sometimes it was Eli chasing him (\"I can smell your fear…\"), and sometimes it was him chasing Eli (\"Turn and fight, coward!\"). And sometimes they did fight, in cannon fire across from their two lawn chair ships, and in sword fights with imaginary swords. Captain Oskar finally captured Blackbeard and was going to make him walk the plank, but Blackbeard gave him a kiss and Captain Oskar decided a life of piracy was more interesting. Oskar didn't know how long they played, but he eventually started to feel sleepy. He yawned and blinked his eyes. \"What time is it?\" He looked around but couldn't see a clock. Eli reached into the right pocket of his brown sweatpants and pulled out a watch with Mickey Mouse on it. Oskar smiled when he saw that the cartoon character's arms were used for the hands of the clock. Eli gave it a brief glance before putting it away. \"It's nearly sunrise,\" he said. \"Good. You can sleep when I do. We can play together again tomorrow.\" \"Great!\" Oskar cheered. It was pretty cool living with Eli. They could literally play all night. There would be no homework or bullies or parents telling them what to do… He felt a pang of sorrow as he thought of his mother left behind… for Eli. He had to think of that. It was for Eli. Nothing else mattered. Eli smiled. \"I bought you some books. If you have trouble going to sleep, they're in the nightstand drawer.\" \"Bought?\" he questioned. Eli's smile faded. \"Stole.\" \"Oh, don't worry,\" he assured him. \"I don't mind if you steal. I do it a lot, you know?\" Eli nodded but didn't smile again. \"Sleep well, my love.\" \"Good night,\" he said back. \"Or good day. Whatever.\" He walked over to the bedroom door and put his hand on the knob. As he started to twist it, Eli spoke up again. \"Oskar…\" He turned and looked at Eli questioningly. Eli closed his eyes. \"I went to a great effort to acquire this apartment, but my grasp on it is weak. There are people who would like to see me removed from this complex and…\" He opened his eyes. \"Oskar, please do not leave the apartment without me. Please promise me.\" \"Sure, Eli,\" he said, a little confused. \"I promise.\" Eli smiled and nodded a dismissal. \"Good night or day.\" Oskar went into his bedroom wondering, not for the first time that night, just what was going on. ","Summary":" Oskar opened his eyes. Above him was a grey ceiling. He lay on his back on a bed. He looked around."},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"When A Man Loves A Woman","Author":"Archnemeses","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6381708","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: Oskar left home never looking to go back, but now he's forced to think about his future. Pairing: Oskar/Eli (of course) Warnings: Would this be considered Slash? It's the actual in-cannon pairing, but I guess just the same. Beware there maybe be boys smooching! So if it disturbs you turn away now, and probably find another fandom. A/N: This is based on JAL's book Let the Right One In and the Swedish movie based on it. If you haven't seen the ending of either, here be spoilers! My stance on Eli's gender is that to Elias he is a boy (whose fashion choices are debatable), Oskar's thoughts are much more confused but Eli is still his girlfriend because he did agree. So Please Read and Review! Title: When A Man Loves A Woman They were in a tiny, dingy, one bedroom apartment in Stockholm. It was similar to all the previous ones they had stayed in, cheap and with a manager that didn't ask too many questions if you paid cash. Their furniture consisted of a lumpy sofa, small TV and a queen-size mattress on the floor. The interior was sparse but by no means unlived in. Toys, games, half finished puzzles and laundry baskets filled with clothes littered the little space. Oskar had already been awake for a little while, but hadn't summoned the will to get out of bed yet. He stretched his back hearing a couple of pops in his neck. According to the little electric alarm clock next to him it was 6pm. Sleeping during the day and being awake all night had taken some getting used to but now it had become normal. A lot of things had become normal or maybe simply routine, like the fact that his girlfriend was asleep in the closet. He finally slipped out of bed at the urging of his bladder. Oskar gave a small sigh as he relived himself then went to the sink to wash up. As he stood there in front of the mirror brushing his teeth Oskar looked at his face under the harsh fluorescent lights. His hair was a little longer than it had been since he left home, Eli had trimmed it once, but he liked the slightly shaggy length of his stark blond hair. There were other differences he noticed too, one was his height he was now almost a full head taller than Eli. As he skimmed his hand over his abdomen he also noticed he lost the bit of a tummy he had by continuing the calisthenics Mr. Ávila had taught him. His face was beginning to change as well; the baby faced piggy was slowly melting away. It had been almost a year since the day Oskar decided he would follow Eli. After finishing in the bathroom Oskar climbed back into bed and waited for Eli to wake up. Like usual he heard the closet door creak open and Eli walked out wrapped in a quilt. Eli slipped into bed next Oskar wrapping the quilt around them both as well as an embrace. Eli had \"eaten\" the night before giving his cheeks an almost rosy completion and his hair smelled like the lavender shampoo Oskar bought him. This was always the best part of Oskar's day waking up and having Eli in his arms. They fit together perfectly Eli's head resting on Oskar's chest, arms and legs wrapped around him. \"Morning.\" Eli said with a small grin on his face. \"Morning.\" Oskar said looking down at the beautiful ancient creature who just happened to be his girlfriend. \"What is wrong Oskar? Your eyes look sad?\" \"Eli… Elias do you love me?\" \"I…yes Oskar I love you more than anything.\" \"I love you Eli. More than anything else in the world and I want to be with you… forever.\" \"But Oskar you said…\" \"I know I was scared, well I'm still scared but I know one thing I'm growing up. I'm going to get old. You won't. You're going to stay young and I'm going to get old and die. I…I want you to make me like you.\" This wasn't something Oskar had mentioned once since leaving home, but it was something he thought about. Only occasionally at first, now ever since his birthday it was all he thought about. \"Oskar are you sure? You are going to have to…\" Oskar interrupted him by cupping Eli's face in his hands and placing his forehead against Eli's. \"I know… I know I've seen it. But I want this, you and me just like this forever. Would you want to be my girlfriend forever?\" \"Oskar I'm not a girl.\" Eli said with that same little smirk. \"Nope you're not A Girl, you're My Girl. More important you're My Eli, you're perfect.\" Oskar closed the small distance between them placing a kiss on his lips. Kissing Eli was the closest to bliss he could ever imagine as he was bombarded with the thoughts and feelings of happiness Eli was sending him. The kiss deepened Oskar's tongue parting their lips sweeping the inside of Eli's mouth. He enjoyed this a few more minutes than Eli broke away now straddling Oskar kissing his jaw until he reached his neck. Eli kissed down the column of his neck until his lips were resting above Oskar's throbbing vein. Eli murmured into his ear \"Are you sure?\" Oskar gave a breathless yes, than felt the pain shoot through his body. He cried out, but didn't struggle simply held Eli tighter. A/N: I always believed this had to happen right? Oskar wouldn't want to end up like her \"father\" in my ending this totally took place. Thank you for reading! Now please Review! I'm thinking possible sequel. ","Summary":" Summary: Oskar left home never looking to go back, but now he's forced to think about his future. P"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Table Manners","Author":"Cortana49","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6704312","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Oskar played with a chip of paint on the wall, poking it with his fingernail. He got a satisfying little tear as he pried it back from the wall. If he wanted, he could use his knife and do a quick job of it, but he didn't want to damage the paint too much. They weren't going to stay here very long, so he knew he couldn't make any noticeable changes to the apartment. It wasn't a bad place, all things considered. The atmosphere was a bit dry, but the point was to have a place to rest more than a place to live. A part of him wanted to carve the alien architecture to make it his, but he couldn't. So that was that. The soft sound of floorboards creaking behind him was all that alerted him to Eli's entry. He supposed she probably did it on purpose so he knew she came back. Withdrawing from his minor paint vandalism, he turned around to greet her and smiled hesitantly. Eli smiled warmly at him. Her eyes were filled with love. Her mouth… was smeared with blood. Oskar swallowed. He tolerated her nighttime dining activities because he knew she needed to do it to survive, but it was one thing to know she went out to kill people and quite another to be confronted with the physical evidence. He opened his mouth to say something about it but couldn't find the words. He settled for waving his hand around his mouth and mumbling, \"You… You got something…\" Eli blinked. \"Oh.\" Her tongue slipped out from between her lips and ran along the sides of her mouth, licking up some of the blood that had collected. She missed a lot of the mess, mostly the blood that gathered on her chin and farther out on her cheeks. Oskar found the sight disturbing and yet interesting to watch because it was his Eli doing it. He held up a hand. \"No… Wait a moment.\" He felt her eyes on him as he stepped over to the little kitchen. He got a cloth napkin and ran it under cold water. Approaching Eli, he held up the damp napkin. \"Here… let me.\" She straightened, which he took as acceptance. He extended the napkin toward her face, toward her mouth. It occurred to him that it might not be the smartest move to touch her mouth like this, but he was already committed to the action and didn't want to stop for fear of offending her. He gently touched the napkin to the side of her mouth and immediately became aware of how tight she was clamping her jaws shut. It was an unsettling reminder of her predatory instincts; though, he was grateful she resisted them as strongly as she did. He wiped away a bit of the blood, leaving a red streak on the cloth. \"There we go…\" He wiped the right side of her face first. As he pressed against her skin, he could feel the outlines of her clenched teeth inside her mouth. God, what those teeth could do to him… He glanced up at her eyes. She watched his hand alertly as he wiped just to the edge of her lips. He could faintly hear her tongue moving around in her mouth. She swallowed. He decided to hurry up, moving to the other side of her mouth. He wiped up the blood until he got to her lips and then moved to get her chin. As he wiped that up, she swallowed again. His brain decided to copy her example, and he swallowed as well. He suspected that Eli was swallowing for a different reason, though. He was a bit nervous from getting so close to a predator, and she… was not with a predator. He thought about what it must feel like from her perspective, imagining someone rubbing a sausage around his mouth and him forbidden to take a bite. This must have seemed like horrible teasing to her. He dropped his hand and took a step back. \"Sorry.\" Eli licked her lips thoroughly, getting the last of the blood. \"No. Thank you, Oskar.\" He smiled. \"Didn't your mother ever teach you any table manners?\" She glanced away, perhaps reminded of her mother who must have died long ago. Oskar was painfully reminded of his own mother, who he had to abandon to leave with Eli. Blinking back tears, he went back into the kitchen area to clean the blood-soaked napkin. He turned on the water, stuck the napkin under the faucet, and rubbed at it vigorously. It hurt, having to leave his family behind. But he wanted to be with Eli more and that meant constantly being on the move. He supposed that was what it was like to be a vampire: forever distanced from one's family. If he was going to live with Eli, he was going to live like her too. Cool arms wrapped around his waist as she hugged him from behind. Her head rested down on his shoulder, and he felt her soft breath against his neck as she sighed in content. Oskar smiled. The tense moment had passed, and she now made him feel protected and loved. He opened his mouth to apologize for thoughtlessly talking about her mother but stopped. No point in stirring things up again. Instead, he just relaxed into the hug. Author's Note: I just saw LTROI for the first time last night, and I love it! I love it! But, seriously, wipe your mouth, kid. ","Summary":" Oskar played with a chip of paint on the wall, poking it with his fingernail. He got a satisfying l"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Almost Too Late","Author":"TorontoBatFan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6417817","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm Almost Too Late March, 1993. Time, Abby thought, time and memories could fade easily or remain amazingly clear. When she looked back over the span of her very long life, many memories had faded with the passage of the decades and –in many cases- centuries. Others would remain etched in her mind throughout the eternity she seemingly had before her. They would always stay clear to her. They would be as clear to her as Owen's sleeping face that now lay mere inches from her own. She had seen many years pass by her. When she had been born, and subsequently made into what she was, America was still a collection of colonies and the name George Washington was only known as an officer from the Seven Years War. She now reflected on the irony every 4th of July that her age was greater than that of the country whose founding was celebrated in the fireworks that she and Owen now watched every year. As she had told Owen ten years prior in Los Alamos, she was twelve years old…but she had been that age a long, long time. She idly wondered if Owen ever thought of these things. She honestly didn't think he did, so she had not bothered to ask. Of course, Owen would still see time much differently. She was twelve, but had been twelve for well over two hundred years. Owen was thirteen years and ten months old, but he had only been that age for coming up on nine years now. Abby reached over and gently placed her hand on his cheek as she carefully studied his face, even though its contours were as well known to her as the solution to an old puzzle. Ten years, she thought to herself. She'd known him for ten years now. Ten years was decidedly not a long span when you could look back through centuries. However, Abby could say, without one word of a lie or exaggeration that they were the ten best and happiest years of her life. The ten years had been years of peace. They had been years of safety. They had been years of love. She pulled the covers –that truthfully they didn't really need since neither of them was affected by temperature any longer- and gently inched her nude body closer to Owen's. Usually, when they went to their bed as the sun rose, sleep came very quickly. (The sleep of a vampire was generally quick to come and hard to disturb. It was why she had often been so vulnerable during daylight hours and had needed some sort of daytime guardian before she and Owen had come to this safe haven that been their home for a decade.) But, on occasion, Abby found herself awake. She didn't mind it too much. She simply lay close to Owen and savoured his close presence. However, it did allow her mind to wander. And, when that happened, she often found her mind wandering back to memories that she knew would be clear to her forever. Her memories took her back to those last days in Los Alamos in 1983. The memories that made her shiver with cold, as she realized what could well have happened back then. She thought over the terrible \"What if's\", as the saying went. She found herself imagining what would have happened if some small things had gone differently back then. She knew the end result would have been losing Owen forever. If that had happened, as she'd realized on a very memorable night in 1984, when she came so close to losing Owen in an even more terrible way when her own horrid past caught up with her, she could not have continued with her existence as it had been. Owen had awakened a part of her that she had thought to be dead since the 18th Century. It was the best part of her, and she couldn't go back to what had passed as her existence before. If she had lost Owen then, sooner or later, she would have simply decided to watch the sun come up. She thought back over ten years, to that nightmarish day when she told Owen she had to leave Los Alamos. When she had to leave him…. March, 1983. Twelve hours. That was all it had taken for things to have changed to terribly. Twelve hours prior, Abby had sensed that there was something for her that never could have dreamed of. Twelve hours ago, she had let herself imagine that she might be granted something that she never would have imagined herself having. Twelve hours ago, Owen had done something that she had hoped for with all the fibers of her being, yet never allowed herself to believe would come to pass. Owen had seen what she was, yet he still let her in. He let her into his home. He let her into his heart. She had stood there bleeding from every pore and opening on her body. She had watched his face, in an instant turn from curiosity at what would happen to shock to utter, desperate fear. He realized, as her blood began to pool on the floor of his apartment that she was literally dying in front of him. Her heart had leapt at the sound of his screaming out an invitation to her. Just as swiftly, the bleeding had stopped. The accompanying agony had stopped. The dying had stopped. What hadn't stopped was Owen's trembling. As he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close, she could feel his shaking, as well as the pounding of his heart. With a voice that was barely under control he'd asked her what would have happened if he hadn't have said anything. She'd simply replied that she knew he wouldn't let that happen. Had she really known? Or, had she simply hoped? All she now knew was that Owen had truly seen her for what she was. Yet, he looked far more scared now, at the thought of her dying right in front of him than he was at seeing her vampiric face the night before in the secret room. When she'd emerged from the shower, she had actually felt awkward, with only the towel wrapped around her. She had no idea why she should feel that way. She'd spent the night in his bed once, without wearing anything. She'd had no awkwardness then. (Of course, she suspected Owen had felt more than a little awkward) Her only awkward moment was her puzzlement of what Owen had meant by his meaning they \"go steady\". Perhaps now her nervousness stemmed from the fact that it was all real. He knew just what she was and had accepted her for it. It wasn't pretend any longer. There were real emotions being displayed now. He had said she could put on one of his mother's old dresses to wear. Now, that was strange for her. She hadn't worn anything that overtly feminine in a very long time indeed. She knew he was watching her too, as she changed. Abby had not needed any heightened senses to know that. Owen was a twelve-going-on-thirteen year old boy. His girlfriend was undressed a few feet away and she knew the door hadn't shut totally behind her. Abby didn't know exactly what going steady had meant, but she wasn't an idiot. When she emerged, in the dress, Owen had just stared at her like he was seeing her again for the first time. She had reacted by actually smiling at him. Not the guarded smiles she'd given at the arcade or the by jungle gym. But, she'd given him a full smile of happiness and realized she couldn't stop herself from giggling as she twirled around in the dress. She heard the music playing from the record player and realized he was actually trying to set a mood. She was impressed. He was doing all of this for her. Despite herself, she found herself bobbing her head in tune to the music of David Bowie as her smile became even wider. Ten years later, she still was curious as to what would have happened had Owen's mother not arrived home at that very moment. Owen was clearly trying to create a romantic mood. They were alone. Was he planning some sort of seduction? (Well, at least what an almost thirteen-year old boy would consider a smooth seduction.) Abby's own defenses were down to a point, that she realized later that Owen would not have had to do much more if that had been his idea. Instead, there was the sound of a key turning in the lock and Owen's mother loudly announcing she was home. Owen's face underwent a change that was so swift and dramatic that Abby would not have believed it had she not witnessed it. In hindsight, the shift and contrast was actually comical. He went from a happy, confidant, smile to an expression of sheer, utter terror. Abby noted that he looked infinitely more scared of his mother coming in and catching them together –and Abby wearing literally nothing but an old dress of his mother's- than he did at any revelation of the various aspects of her vampiric nature. Either, she would muse, Owen simply cared about her so much that it nulled any shock about her true nature…Or his mother's reaction would have been far, FAR worse than anything Abby could show him. No matter what, Abby didn't need to take the subtle hint Owen was giving her. Alright, the subtle hint was Owen frantically –his face white and with his eyes bulging out their sockets- waving her towards his bedroom. Abby took off without hesitation, sprinting down the hallway, the sound of her barefeet striking the floor covered by both the lightness of her practiced step and Owen's own heavier pounding behind her. In one swift move she dove headfirst out the window, turning around in mid-air to angle herself back to her own window next door. She was so fast that scant seconds later when Owen stuck his head out the window and looked around for her, she was waving to him from her window, giggling at their narrow escape. His face took on a look of relief as he waved back and began to giggle as well. The rest of Abby's evening was….dull. She found herself sitting crosslegged in the middle of her living room, playing with her various puzzles. She then looked about the scantly furnished apartment as the sheer scarcity of her existence struck her. There was little in the way of furniture. Certainly nothing that would make the place look or feel like a true home. It was odds and ends that she and the man masquerading as her father had picked up over the years. Her own personal belongings were equally scarce. She had her puzzles, a few books and some various items of clothing. That was it. Everything she owned and would ever want to keep could be packed up in one large steamer trunk…and the large size was to accommodate her for daylight travel as well. Her existence was, she sadly admitted to herself, a terribly empty one. Yet…It hadn't seemed to bad an hour or two ago. She had felt happy. She had felt attractive. She had felt like a human girl again. She turned her head and looked over at the plain wall that she shared with Owen's bedroom. In truth, she wasn't looking at the wall itself but was thinking of the person who lived on the other side of it. In her more than two centuries of nocturnal existence it was fair to say she had never met anyone like Owen. It was like…He knew exactly how to get past her long-built defenses, yet she didn't feel scared by that. Instead, she welcomed it. And, earlier that evening, before her shower, she had shown him something nobody had ever seen before. She had shown him something her \"Father\" and any of the other damaged, disturbed and dangerous humans who had been her daytime familiars over the centuries had never been told about, let alone been allowed to witness. She had shown Owen the moment where her life and innocence was stolen and this damaged and unclean vampire was left to occupy the shell. He had wanted to know how she was able to do the things she had to do to survive. She told him simply she did it to live. She knew she could have left it at that. Instead, she had touched his face and shown him what had happened to her that horrible night in what was then the Colony of Virginia, back in the 1760's. He had seen the glowing, demonic eyes staring at her and a horrid mouth opening to reveal those gleaming white fangs and teeth. He had seen her trying to kick out and escape. He had seen the futility of her struggle. He had heard her unearthly screams of pain as the creature had taken her blood, had taken her innocence. He had seen the visage of her human face, in tears of pain and fear as the vampire's infection spread through her body. She'd broken it off then. She simply couldn't continue herself. She had looked at Owen, expecting a look of revulsion directed at her. Instead, she saw pain that was from what she had gone through. He reached out and pulled her into a hug. The same as he'd done after she nearly bled out. The same as he'd done when she'd vomited his Now And Later candy. He had held her for what seemed forever. Then he'd just given him that smile which always broke through her reserve and asked if she wanted to shower. When she emerged, she saw what he was doing and simply couldn't stop herself from smiling. Shame his mother came home, when she did, Abby thought. She was about to move to the wall and try a Morse code signal when she heard the knocking at her door. It was a series of three long knocks followed by a short one and then two long ones. The Morse Code for the letters \"O\" and \"W\". She reached the door before he could start on the single dash for the letter \"E\". \"Hi.\", she said as she opened the door wide and subconsciously pushed her long, blonde hair and straightened the old dress she wore that had belonged to his mother. \"Hey.\", Owen answered sheepishly. He then smiled subtly and asked \"Can I come in?\". Abby couldn't stop herself from giggling –she honestly felt he had made her laugh more in these last few weeks than she had in the last two centuries. \"Yes.\", she said as she stepped aside and made a welcoming gesture, \"You can come in.\", she intoned in a deliberately formal tone as if she was the butler welcoming a guest into a grand manor. \"What happened with your mother?\", asked Abby as Owen took off his silver jacket and sat down next to her on the floor. \"Does she know where you've gone?\" \"No.\", sighed Owen resignedly. \"She's on the couch. Sleeping. Well…passed out is more like it. Again.\" \"Owen…I'm sorry.\", Abby murmered as she snuggled close to him and rested her head on his shoulder. \"It's OK. I'm used to it by now.\" \"But, it's…\" \"It's alright. I'm used to her doing it. You get used to just about anything after a while. Abby, who could definitely confirm that people could adjust to almost anything, no matter how terrible, simply replied \"Yeah, I know.\" \"And my dad, my mom doesn't even want him seeing me. I really don't think that he's too bothered by it either. He's got his new girlfriend. I guess they both have something, you know. My mom has her church groups, and bible groups…and her drinking. My dad has his new girlfriend\" \"Well…You asked me to be YOUR girlfriend, didn't you? You asked me to go steady, didn't you?\" \"Yeah.\" \"I said yes, didn't I?\" \"Yeah.\", said Owen as a smile broke over his face. \"You did.\" \"So, you've got your own girlfriend now.\" \"Yeah. You're right.\" \"Owen, I'm always right.\" \"Always?\" \"Pretty much.\" \"Don't I ever get to be right?\" \"Nope.\", Abby said with a giggle. \"You're my boyfriend now. It's part of the deal.\" \"Oh well.\", said Owen as he pretended to give a dramatic sigh. \"I guess that's OK. You're way prettier than Dad's girlfriend is.\" \"You've met her, or seen pictures?\" \"Nope. Neither. I just know she's not you. She's not you and nobody can be prettier than you.\" \"Owennnnnn.\", Abby giggled as she felt goosebumps actually break out over her whole body. She walked barefoot in the snow regularly and it didn't cause any reaction. But Owen's simple words caused her whole form to tingle. She was wondering if she was capable of blushing still. If she was, she was certain her face was a bright red by now. Owen smiled at her as he saw the effect that his words had. Abby had always seemed so sad. Of course, now he knew why. But, he still wanted to try and make her feel happy any way he could. He looked down at the puzzles strewn about. \"So,\" he gestured at the scattered objects \"what are all these?\" Abby reached out and grasped a wooden lockbox puzzle that was simply cut wood pieces fitted together in a most specific way. It was quite common and popular around the time of the American Revolutions. She angled the small reading lamp up on the puzzle and proceeded to tell Owen its history. Owen listened with genuine interest as she went from puzzle to puzzle. The night hours passed quickly and far more pleasantly than Abby could have imagined. Even something as simple as describing her puzzles was enough to keep Abby more than entertained. The difference was Owen. He listened with rapt attention to her words. He smiled everytime she looked at him directly. He studied her profile from the side, as if committing her details to his memory. He did small things to make her jump and giggle, like sneaking out his hand to tickle her bare feet whenever she wasn't looking. It was, she reflected, a perfectly fun way to spend their first official evening together as boyfriend and girlfriend. Towards 4:30 in the morning, they had been lying on the floor talking. Abby looked over to see the clock as she guessed that dawn wasn't too far off and she would have to start thinking of going to her daytime lair soon. She hoped Owen wouldn't be too disappointed at this sweet time together coming to an end. She looked back over only to find Owen had fallen sound asleep on the floor. Abby smiled to herself. He had told her he had barely slept the night before. After learning of her vampire nature and the tense conversation in her living room, he found himself waking from bad dreams all night long. Abby padded to the bedroom in her barefeet. She grabbed a blanket off the bed, returned to Owen and gently lay the blanket over his sleeping form. Looking down the hall to the bathroom, she realized that Owen might just look around for her when he awoke. For that matter, he might just go in there to use the washroom when he awoke. And that, could be very bad indeed. Yeah, better safe than sorry. Grabbing a notepad and pen, she quickly wrote him a note in which she explained where she was and asked him to please not try to come in. She asked if he wanted to hang out again that night. She dearly hoped he would. She guessed he wanted to do that too. Abby added a final sentence that she liked him very much. After reading that, she nibbled the end of the pen and looked at what she'd written. DID she really like him like she'd written? No, she admitted to herself, she didn't simply like Owen a lot. She loved him. She loved him like she didn't think she had it in her heart anymore. She loved him like he was the other part of herself that she knew she'd been missing all these many dark and lonely years. She loved him to an extent that she actually let herself think of doing something she swore she'd never do to anyone…To bring him over into her eternal nightworld so they could truly be together. Abby shook her head at this tommyrot. What was she thinking? That Owen would welcome this half-dead world of darkness she'd been condemned to, just because of her? He'd give up sunshine? Real food? His parents? A normal human life all for her? She couldn't imagine that. Nobody would choose her over such things. Still, she couldn't help but love him. Was this what it felt like? To lose her heart to Owen, only to know that sooner or later, time would separate them forever? But still, Owen was the most unique soul she'd ever encountered. Maybe there could be a way, somehow… It was too much to think about now. She smiled and signed the note \"Love Abby\" and left it on the table for him to find when he woke up. She knelt down one last time before him as she walked to the bathroom. She looked at his sleeping form, and silently leaned down and kissed him on the cheek. Abby smiled as she felt another newly remembered feeling surge through her…hope. She felt some hope that somehow, this could be the start of some sort of new beginning for her. This was her last thought as she pulled the layers of covers over her head and drifted off to her vampiric sleep in the bathtub. Abby's next sensations were vivid and traumatic. She felt pain. She felt fear. She felt confusion. The pain was a searing fire lancing over her arm. The source was a small beam of sunlight that had penetrated the bathroom window somehow. It was one of the few things that could instantly roust a vampire from a daytime sleep. The next thing she knew was hearing Owen scream. \"NO! STOP!\", Owen's screams were blunt and terrified. Abby looked up sharply and took in the scene instantly. Owen was standing at the bathroom threshold, still in last night's clothing. His face was a study of sheer terror. It wasn't for him though. She realized it was for her. The next sight caused her to stifle a cry of shock. There was a stranger in her lair where she spent her most vulnerable hours. He was a stocky, balding man with glasses and a mustache. In his hand he held an automatic pistol. He had turned in shock at hearing Owen's cry. He had completely forgotten the seemingly lifeless girl in the bathtub. \"Christ Almighty, son…!\", this stranger said in a voice that was breathless from shock. He never got another word out. Abby, had a side of her that even she was frightened by. It was a primal, feral side. It was triggered by either hunger for blood or self-preservation. In this case, it was the latter. Before this strange man could say one more word, she was on him. She wrapped her inhumanly strong arms and legs around his torso and sank her teeth into his neck. The man let out an equally inhuman scream of pain and shock. He sank to the ground as Abby drained more and more of his blood. Dimly she perceived Owen at the door as a bloodied hand reached for him. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw the door close. Within seconds, it was all over. Abby grabbed the lifeless head with both hands and gave it a harsh twist. There was a sickly cracking noise and the man's head hung at a grotesque angle. At least, she thought, it's over for him. He would not have to endure becoming what she was. As she stood up, Abby suddenly realized she'd seen this man before. He had put his head out the window of the hospital the night her \"Father\" had died. From what she overheard, he was a detective. Looking down, Abby saw the pistol that had scattered across the floor. On the man's body, clipped to his belt, was a police badge. A policeman, she realized. Had he traced her back from the hospital? Or, had she been seen long enough two nights ago when she had attacked that woman in the courtyard that he had come to the apartment looking for her. At any rate, he clearly had no idea just what she was. At least, she didn't think he had known. In the late 19th and into the 20th Century, belief in her kind had fallen off sharply. She couldn't imagine a detective in 1983 New Mexico deciding his quarry was a vampire. It appeared, he had come alone. But, he might have just been following leads and been lead into her apartment by mutual bad luck –bad for her, worse for him. She regarded the corpse beneath her with dispassion. She felt no animosity towards this man whose name she didn't even know. He clearly had just been doing his job. She, meanwhile, had simply been following what her nature compelled her to do to survive. (A vampire's two strongest drives were the need for food and self-preservation. In extreme cases, they overrode her rational abilities. It was this that drove the attack in the courtyard that led to this). Now, she felt no victory or happiness. She silently murmured an apology to this man and exited the bathroom. Owen was standing there, his hands over his ears, a look of stunned horror on his face. She walked up gently and wrapped her arms around him. \"Thanks.\", she simply said. There was nothing more to say. If he hadn't have warned her, she would be part of a fireball now. The whole building would probably be engulfed by now. Owen just simply nodded. Scant minutes later, after Abby had carried the policeman's body down to the secret basement room, Owen and Abby stood in her apartment facing each other. Both of them had a look of utter pain and despair on their faces. Abby was seeing that faint hope for a new life disappear. She'd could see that Owen was in the same excruciating inner pain that she was. Finally, Abby spoke. \"Owen…I have to go away…\" Two Nights Later. She'd had to go away, told Owen, and so she had. She'd stoically walked out of the building where she'd felt such wondrous new things and had her brief vision of a life where happiness might be granted to her. She'd walked, with her head down, her barefeet crunching in the snow and gotten into a cab as the driver placed the steamer trunk in with the rest of her few belongings. She knew Owen was watching her. She couldn't look up. She just couldn't. If she saw him there, her resolve would be lost. For all she knew, she'd launch herself up to his room and disregard everything else. She would take him in her arms and just hope the rest worked out. But she couldn't. She couldn't destroy Owen's life along with all the others that she'd touched in her cursed existence. Not for the first time, she'd wished that when Jebediah had finished his attack on her, he had been merciful enough to snap her neck the way she did with those she fed on. Of course, mercy had never been in his vocabulary. So now, her misery seemed to be as eternal as she was. That first night, she hadn't known exactly where she was going. She was limited in that she certainly couldn't rent any sort of apartment or even book herself into a hotel without suspicion. She had wound up at a rented storage locker. The next day found her inside her trunk, trying to sleep. The operative word, was trying. For a vampire to not fall into a deep sleep as the sun rose was extremely rare. Abby, was lying in her trunk, trying to stem the tears that seeped from her eyes. The morning before she'd been in her apartment, dreaming of a happy potential future with Owen. Now, she was back in her nomadic existence…and again alone. Alone, she thought. That was a cruel word. Abby was no stranger to cruelty. She'd witnessed it on the plantation in Virginia where she'd spent the first twelve years of her human life. She'd has the most unspeakable cruelty inflicted on her. She'd watched much cruelty inflicted between people in the ensuing two hundred years. She'd done things which had cruel results herself. Of course, she didn't try to be cruel, but her predatory needs drove her to do things that were cruel. But with Owen…She couldn't shake the feeling that things could have been different. Something whispered to her that a path with Owen could be a path where she didn't have to live in a world pain, of violence, of wandering, of death. Owen was a path where she could have a world where there was peace. Where there was love. How this could happen, she had no idea. She just knew that this feeling was real. If Owen could accept her even after seeing what she truly was, it surely wasn't too farfetched that somehow together they could carve out a peaceful and happy life together. But a life together for how long? If there was one thing Abby knew for sure, it was that people grew old and eventually died. Owen would eventually grow old and die. There was no way around it except one. She could make Owen a vampire like herself and condemn him to live in this half-dead world of hers that never saw the light of day again. Or, she could settle into a life with Owen only to watch him grow old and eventually die as the years passed in front of her. Yet, what was the alternative? She could leave now and always think back to these precious weeks. She could let them overwhelm her for well, forever. Or, she could do what she thought was now impossible. She could go back. She could go seek out Owen. And then what? Could she ask him to leave everything behind and go away with her? No, she couldn't ask that of him. If he still wanted her, she wouldn't leave. She could not return to the apartment complex, but she could surely find some other place to hide herself. It could be closeby and only Owen would know of it. It was a long shot, but she had to try. There was literally nothing at all for her to lose. Thinking that perhaps hope had not left completely, Abby let herself drift off to sleep. That night, when Abby awoke, her first thought was extremely simple. She had to track down Owen. The question was, where. Her first thought was to go to the apartment complex and seek him out. That thought was quickly dismissed. There was every chance the policeman's body had been discovered and the place would be alive with activity. It would not be an ideal place to try and track down Owen. She could, of course, look the place over and stay hidden. Launching herself into the air, Abby soon landed on the street outside her former home. A glance at the parking lot and up the street showed there were no police cars or newscrews anywhere around. She'd scanned newspaper boxes earlier and found nothing involving the policeman. So, she concluded nobody had found anything yet. Next, Abby flew up to Owen's bedroom window. She thought sadly back to that night where she'd come in through his window and climbed into his bed. She'd left all her clothes on the floor beforehand. Owen had, amazingly, taken it in stride. He seemed more shocked about the fact she was freezing cold than the fact she was completely naked. To say nothing of the fact she'd come in his second floor bedroom window in the middle of the night. That night, she had just taken his hand and put it against her cheek. Afterwards, she had drifted off to sleep with him. She'd woken just as the sun was coming up and had barely escaped disaster. She couldn't believe she'd let her guard down so much that she had allowed herself to be caught there. (She definitely didn't want to imagine what would have happened if his mother had entered the room and found Owen in bed with a completely naked girl she had never seen before. That would not have been a pretty sight.) This time, however, there was no Owen there. The room was darkened. Abby landed across the street by a payphone. She hoped it was working, as these phones were often the targets of vandals. Someday, she thought, they should invent a personal phone that is small enough for people to just carry around in their pockets. Dropping some coins in the slot, she dialed the number she had spotted when she'd been in Owen's apartment the other night. It rang three times before a female voice, somewhat slurred by alcohol, answered. \"Hello?\" \"Hello. Is Owen there?\", Abby queried. She'd dropped her own voice just enough that she would sound like a prepubescent boy. \"No. He's at school. Some sort of gym class.\" \"Oh, Ok. Thanks.\" \"Who is this? Can he call you when he gets home?\" \"Goodbye\", Abby stated simply has she hung up the receiver. The school, she thought. Owen had told her that he was getting involved in the afterschool athletics program. He had excitedly told her that he was starting to lift weights and was learning to swim. She realized now that he was trying to impress her. She smiled at the thought. She remembered which direction was the school Owen said he attended and took off. It was as she approached the school that she got the first sign something was wrong. Something was very wrong. First of all a huge plume of smoke was rising from that direction. Abby urged herself through the air faster. As she got closer, she could see, with some relief, that the smoke was being generated by a massive fire in a garbage dumpster in the school parking lot. But, then the question hit her, just how did a dumpster catch fire to such an extent, and in winter when there would be plenty of snow on everything. She knew that fires in garbage dumpsters were common events. She also knew they did not burn with such intensity, at least not without some sort of fuel being used. Now, why in the world would someone do that in a middle school parking lot on a weeknight in the middle of March? The answer, to her horror, soon made itself clear. A figure stepped away from the glare of the flame, after apparently realizing that throwing snow on the flames was not doing much good. She could hear him muttering in some broken English about getting a fire extinguisher and calling the fire department. Then, Abby noticed two things. One, the figure was a grizzled looking adult dressed in athletic gear. From Owen's descriptions, this was Mr. Zoric, the gym coach. Secondly, Mr. Zoric was unable to get back into the building. As he pounded and cursed in several different languages, Abby could discern that someone had locked him out…from the inside. A chill harsher than the air around her went through Abby's whole body as she put two and two together. A fire had been deliberately set to draw Zoric's attention…and now he was locked out of the building. It wasn't so much this fact that frightened Abby. It was her speculation as to who had done it and why. She only knew she had to find Owen….Now! She picked up the smell of chlorine and let it lead her to the swimming pool area. There, she found a large window and looked in. The sight that greeted her was her worst fears realized. Four boys were gathered around the deep end of the pool. Three were staring intently at the fourth, who was –by far- the oldest and largest. He was kneeling by the edge, holding something underwater. Bubbles were emanating from this submerged body. Bubbles that were getting fainter by the second. She strained her eyes and could see through the water's light refraction that it was Owen. Abby realized the situation immediate…and something happened to her. Throughout her long life, Abby had killed many times. Each time had been either for food or for defense. It had never been anything personal or anything she had taken pleasure in or had tried to toy with her prey. THIS time was different however. These, she knew were the bullies who'd been tormenting Owen for months. She recognized Kenny by the bandage over his left ear. Apparently, after Owen had fought back, they had gotten help for themselves. Well, so be it then. Owen had help too…and it was now here. And these four monsters were about to have their worst nightmare come true. Abby threw herself at the window. The glass simply exploded in like a wine glass hit with a hammer. The four thugs looked up. All they could initially see was a lithe, little blonde girl, clad in only a hoodie, thin pants and no shoes, who looked about 12 come dropping into the pool. The first two bullies, Donny and Mark had time to register something was horribly out of place. Abby's eyes glowed intensely and when she opened her mouth, they could see those deadly teeth. She grabbed each one by their collar and easily lifted them off the ground. Fear must have gripped them, since Abby had a second or two to note that a large, wet stain appeared on the front of each of their pants. The thought that they'd pissed themselves was perhaps their last conscious thought. With a snarl Abby smashed their heads together…hard. It was so hard that their heads literally exploded from the impact. With a sickening crushing sound, their heads ruptured open like a pair over overripe tomatoes that collided at a highway speed. Brains, blood pieces of skull and parts of their faces all mixed together as they fell to the pool deck. Abby stalked majestically through the carnage towards Kenny and his brother. Behind her, the now headless corpses fell to the deck and blood gushed through the open neck cavities. Abby didn't even notice the overpowering odour of food. She had business to take care of, and as the saying went: business before pleasure. Kenny stared at this tiny avenging angel as an insane fear took over his eyes. There was a sudden sound followed by a truly gross smell. Kenny had lost control of all his bodily functions and simultaneously wet and soiled himself. Abby ignored him for a few seconds –a brief reprieve for him. It was his brother who was holding Owen underwater, so that was the priority. Abby reached Kenny's brother, Jimmy with another step. Jimmy was too paralyzed with fear to do anything. If he'd pulled Owen to the surface, it might have spared his life…Or at least given him and Kenny a distraction to try and escape. But, Jimmy was too scared to think. Jimmy was scared to death…although fear wasn't the cause of his death. Abby grabbed each side of Jimmy's head with her hands, and pulled up. Jimmy's neck stretched for a brief second in way that was almost like a cartoon as his unearthly wail of agony filled the pool. Then –in only three seconds in realtime, but to Jimmy it felt like three hours- Jimmy's head simply was pulled off the top of his body and plopped into the pool, sinking past where Owen was –mercifully- still sending up bubbles. Blood gushed up out of Jimmy's neck like a geyser. Abby bent her head over and drank like someone would at a water fountain. One of her hands had caught one of Jimmy's arms as it flailed around when the body was receiving spasmodic messages from the now severed nervous system. She grabbed the one arm gave it a twist and simply yanked it off. It settled in the pool. Now, it was Kenny's turn. Kenny, the vile little coward who had started all of this. She reached Kenny in about three steps, her barefeet squishing through the blood on the deck. She grabbed him with each of her hands, pinning his arms to his sides. She applied pressure that was far beyond the normal breaking point for human bones. There was a sickening crack as Kenny heard the bones in his arms loudly break as the pain lanced through the adrenaline that the fear was creating. Abby lifted him off the ground and buried her mouth into his neck as Kenny let out a piercing, terrified scream. He sounded, Abby thought, just like a little girl. She took off and bore Kenny's weight (which was growing rapidly less, since the blood was being drained from his body) across the width of the pool. His feet dragged in the water as they passed by Owen struggling up to the surface as Jimmy's headless carcass toppled forward into the water. By the time they reached the far side, where Donny and Mark's pulped bodies lay, Abby had sated herself well. Kenny, however, didn't deserve the usual neck snap that she did after she fed. Instead, Abby dug her hands in through Kenny's chest, with one hand on each side of the sternum. She exterted her strength in the opposite direction…and Kenny's was literally ripped in two, more or less down the middle. Parts of him flew everywhere. His ribcage, his head, his soiled lower body…They were all in separate places. Abby looked around as the rage passed and her senses returned. A splash distracted her and she saw, with her heart leaping with relief at the sight, Owen splashing to the wall of the pool, carefully trying to avoid what was once Jimmy. Abby stepped over to where he pulled himself out, coughing and trying to catch his breath. Owen blinked the chlorinated water out of his eyes and focused on her wet, blood spattered, bare feet. His breath caught again as realization dawned on him. He looked up, his face clearly not daring to hope. Then he saw her… She could only imagine what she looked like. She imagined she didn't look her most appealing. In truth, she was crimson from her head down to her waist pretty much. Her hair was full of blood, skull fragments and brain tissue. Her entire face was coated with blood. Her clothes were dripping wet from blood. Owen took this sight in, and coughed out one word that he could get out past the pool water he was trying to cough out… \"Abby!\", he croaked as he threw his arms around her. Abby gasped in surprise at the strength of the embrace that she found herself in. Of course, it wasn't an unpleasant surprise. Abby threw her own arms around him and they simply gave in to the joy they felt at seeing each other again. Abby tried to say something, but was blocked as Owen placed his lips on hers and gave her a hungry, passionate, kiss. Their second kiss, she thought. And again, she's coated in blood. Their third one would have to be under different circumstances. She smiled, despite their surroundings, at the realization that now there would be a third kiss for them. In the meantime, Owen was still trying to get himself under control. He was past trembling. He was utterly quaking. She thought it was from his near drowning experience. \"Owen. It's alright. You're safe now.\" \"Abby…It's not that! I thought….I thought that I was never going to see you again.\" \"Owen….\", Abby couldn't think of anything to say at that. Owen finally let go of her and looked around the pool. His jaw dropped as his brain finally processed the carnage. \"Holy shit!\", he gasped. The pool deck now looked more or less –leaning towards more- like a slaughterhouse. \"I don't know what came over me. I saw they were hurting you. They were drowning you. For all I knew you might have been already dead. I wanted to make them pay.\" Abby looked around herself and was stunned at her own violence. \"Oh God, I've done a terrible thing.\" \"Abby. If you hadn't done that, I would be dead now. You saved me Abby!\" \"Well, you saved me the other morning.\" Abby then looked down and saw that her arms were completely red. She touched her hair and felt the sheer human debris that was clinging in her hair. This was a little different than just having some blood on her face. \"Owen.\" \"Yeah?\", Owen gasped as he was still trying to both cough out the last of the pool water as well as wrap his head around both Abby's return and the gallery of bloody death before him. \"Just a second.\" Abby stepped to the edge of the deck and jumped off, into the deep end. A cloud of blood and human remains swirled to the surface where she'd gone under. She surfaced about ten feet further down the ledge and pulled herself out in a swift, graceful move. She ran her fingers through her hair and satisfied herself that there was nothing still clinging to it. Her skin was mostly free of blood too, although her shirt was still stained. She looked around the pool deck and realized it was only a matter of time before Coach Zoric found some way back in. \"We have to get out of here. Now\" \"This way.\" Owen led her into the change rooms. Abby stopped at the showers and turned the cold water on. She stood under the spray and tried to rinse some more of the blood out of her clothing.. Owen stood under a showerhead himself and quickly washed the blood off of his body and hair. Owen turned off the shower and gestured for Abby to follow him to his locker. Once there, Owen frantically dried himself off and tried to find something for Abby to dry herself off with. It wasn't much help, as her clothes were now soaked. \"Will you be alright, going outside wet like that?\" \"Don't worry. I don't feel the cold. Remember? And being wet doesn't bother me too much either.\" \"Abby?\", Owen asked tentatively. \"Yes?\" \"What are you going to do now?\" \"Owen, I….\", she started to tell him about her initial plan to find a hiding place in Los Alamos. However, this massacre would bring a lot of attention. Still, she realized when she saw him drowning a very simply yet hard fact had hit her. She could not live without Owen. Period. She would live with the risk. She never got a chance to tell him that, though. \"Abby…I want to go with you!\" \"Owen…Do you know what you're saying?\" \"Yeah. I do. When you left yesterday, it felt like something had been ripped out of me. I've never felt that way before. Ever. Not when my parents split up. Not when I was beaten up by Kenny's gang. Never. I can't feel that way again. You have to leave. I know that. I mean, what happened here is going to attract a lot of attention. You have to leave.\" He smiled sadly as he thought of the line from Romeo and Juliet , \"I must be gone and live or stay and die\". You have to be gone if you want to live. And, I want to go with you.\" \"Owen.\", Abby moaned happily as she caressed his cheek with hand. He took it and gently kissed her fingers. \"I mean, it's not like I can stay here. People will think I did this.\", he gestured towards the pool with a nod of his head. \"No they won't\" \"Oh no? I was alone with them. I had a bad history with them. Sooner or later, they'll find that detective in the secret room in the basement of the complex where I live. Abby…I'm not stupid. I know what they'll think. And….I know what I want. I want to be with you. That's all I want now in my life.\" As he said, this he pulled his clothing out of his locker. Owen paused briefly as he considered what to do about his bathing trunks and Abby's presence. As Abby was seemingly preoccupied with trying to wring some of the water out of her shirt, he seized his chance. He swiftly yanked off his bathing suit and pulled on his briefs. He was quick…But, Abby must have caught something out of the corner of her eye as she smiled subtly. The smile faded as she returned to the subject of what to do next. \"Owen, going with me isn't a life. You have so much….\" \"You honestly think that? Abby, I don't know why you can't see this, but you are truly the best thing that has ever happened to me in my whole life. Abby…I…I love you!\" Abby's breath caught in her throat. She felt like she was glowing inside to an extent that she could dry her wet clothes in about a minute now. \"You…you love *me*?\" \"More than anything\", Owen said softly has he brushed her cheek with his hand, mimicking the gesture she had done with him that night in his bed. \"Abby. Do you…?\" \"I love you, Owen. That's it. Period. I love you. I didn't think that I could still feel love for anyone, not a real love, before you.\" They leaned in towards each other but stopped when they heard the sound of sirens heading for the school. The coach must have found a payphone at last. \"Let's go now, Owen. We can pick this up later.\", she said with a happy smile. Owen smiled brightly as well as he finished pulling his clothes on and putting the rest of his belongings in his bag. \"Where were you planning on going?\" \"I hadn't thought that far ahead. Why?\" \"I think I might have a place in mind. It's a ranch in Montana\" \"Whose ranch\" \"My grandfather's. It's pretty big. It's isolated. You could be safe there. WE could be safe there\" \"I didn't know you had a grandfather.\" Owen grabbed the bag out of his locker and pulled on his silver jacket. He gestured her to follow as he led her out of the locker room. \"My Grandpa Oscar. He and my mom aren't on good terms. They haven't been since I was about three, or so. She didn't go home for the funeral when her own mom died.\" \"Why is that?\" \"I don't know. I always missed seeing him though, from what I remember of him.\" \"Montana is where he lives, you said?\" \"Yeah. It's far away from here. Far enough away to be safe, I think.\" They snuck out of the school through a fire door by the cafeteria. Around the other side of the building, Abby could see a fire engine arriving along with a police car. She could only imagine what was going to happen when Zoric got back to the pool. \"Owen, I want you to hold on to me very tightly.\" She wrapped her own arms around him in an unbreakable grip. \"Why?\" \"Oh, trust me. It's a good idea\". Owen complied as Abby looked at him. Then, she shot the both of them up into the air. Owen let out a cry that was a mix of shock and exhilaration. Abby grinned as the wind whipped through her wet hair that was now starting to freeze stiff along with her clothes. Owen then made the rather bad mistake of looking down. His face took on a rather greenish hue. Uh-oh. Before something bad –and messy- could happen, Abby set them down in a park, several miles from the school. \"Sorry about that Owen. I guess I should have warned you not to look down\" \"Abby, that was….totally awesome! Can we do that again?\", Owen gushed as his stomach returned to normal. \"Sure we can. But, we'll take it slower and lower next time. We're not that far away from where we have to go. Want to walk the rest of the way? It's safer because there are too many people where we're going\" \"Where's that?\" \"Storage locker by the railway station. I left my stuff there until I could figure out where I wanted to go.\" \"Abby.\" \"Yeah?\" \"Why'd you come to the school? You couldn't have known what was happening.\" \"I came looking for you.\" \"You did? Why?\" \"I realized…I realized I couldn't go away. Not without you. I was going to tell you I was going to find a new hiding place close to your home and we could still be together at night. Those four at the pool…They rather forced my hand on the matter.\" \"You…You came back for me?\" \"You're surprised?\" \"Yes\" \"Why?\" \"Abby. I'm…Well, look at me. I'm not that special.\" \"Owen! You ARE special. To me, you're the most special person I've ever met and that covers a really long period of time.\" She looked into his eyes and squeezed his hand gently as she said this. Owen blushed as she said this. He looked at her and smiled. She was a sight, with her wet hair matted stiff and frost forming on her wet clothes. To him, though, she never looked more beautiful. At that moment, he knew that there truly was no other fate for him than Abby. If she'd asked him at that moment if he wanted to be made like her, he would have instantly said yes. He couldn't think of anything better than spending forever with her. A passing car stopped Owen from doing what he wanted at the moment. The sight of a pair of twelve year olds making out in the street –with the girl in wet, frozen clothing and in her bare feet- might have drawn some attention. Abby read the disappointment on his face. \"It's alright, Owen. We're going to have time for that. It's like the song for your candy. 'Eat some now, save some for later'.\" She gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. \"That was for now. The rest is saved for later\", she said with a playful grin. They made it to the storage locker without incident. They grabbed Abby's belongings and walked over to the railway station. Abby gave Owen money to buy himself a ticket to their destination. Only one for him, though. \"What about you?\" \"The train schedule said it's not leaving until 7am. I'll have to be in the trunk by then.\" \"Abby, um, what about…eating? Don't you have to?\" \"Oh…No, it's alright. I can go days…sometimes up to two weeks before I simply HAVE to feed.\", she said as they sat down in a deserted waiting room at the station to wait out the time until she had to seek the shelter of her trunk. \"You can go that long?\" \"If I have to, yes. It's not very nice though. I feel terrible. I look terrible. Do you remember when we first met in the courtyard?\" \"Yeah. I don't think that's something I'll ever forget. It was one of the best days of my life.\" \"Awww. Owen, you are just too nice to me.\", Abby giggled. \"But, do you remember how you said I smelled funny?\" \"Um, yeah. You looked like I hurt your feelings. I'm really sorry about that, by the way.\" \"Oh, it's fine. I know I smelled funny then. That's one of the things that happens when I go that long without eating. My body actually starts to break down.\" \"Really?\" \"I'm afraid so. And, also, when I'm that hungry I don't think of doing things like showering, clean clothes, etc.\" \"I remember that I thought you looked sick. You were all pale and fragile looking.\" \"I felt so bad then. But, I was so touched then that you gave me your Rubik's Cube.\" \"You were?\" \"Of course.\" \"I was really surprised when you gave it back to me all finished\" \"I could tell.\", Abby laughed. \"That night, I'd been able to…feed…the night before. I felt so much better. I even showered when I woke up that evening.\" \"I know. I saw how nice your hair looked and everything. It was, umm, it was the first time that I really saw just how beautiful you are.\", Owen added self-consciously. Abby didn't say anything to that. She just smiled broadly yet bashfully, as though she couldn't believe Owen really saw her like that. \"Abby?\" \"Yeah?\" \"I was wondering about something\" \"What?\" \"Well….You said you did that to live. Is there anything ELSE you could do?\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I mean, couldn't you do something else for food?\" \"I wish it could be. But, it has to be blood\" \"No..I mean, why don't you get blood from other places\" \"What do you mean?\", Abby asked in a puzzled tone. \"Well…From animals. Where we're going there are a lot of cattle and sheep ranches and farms. I'll bet that nobody would notice if an odd steer or a sheep got attacked by something during the night. I remember that there are places around there that butcher a lot of their own meat. They probably have more blood around than they know what to do with. Couldn't you…have that? And if that didn't work, well, there are hospitals around. Don't they keep blood in fridges? You could snatch blood from those places. Couldn't you?\" \"I…I've honestly never even thought of doing that. I could try it. If I could do that and it works, it would change everything. I'd give anything, well,\" She smiled at Owen with her eyes bright. \" almost anything to not have to do what I've been doing to feed. You don't know how…tired…I am of what I've been doing. I don't care how much trouble it might be. I want to do what you said.\" \"You really never thought of it before?\" \"No.\" Abby was utterly dumbfounded. In all of her existence, she had followed her instincts to attack humans and draw from the neck. Only relatively recently had she and her previous Companion deviated from that pattern. And that, was only to cut down on the risk of her infecting someone. She had never once thought of using animal blood, or stored human blood. She was certainly willing to try it. She knew that this could be the chance to leave behind the violence and the need to move around so much. If it didn't work, she reflected, she could try another new thing. She knew she could overpower any adult. Maybe if she had to actually still get fresh human blood, she could find a way to draw it out of them without killing them. After all, these blood drives she read about did just that. People donated blood easily and safely. Well, she would simply operate on a variant of that, if she had to. Knock someone out with the gas, then put a needle in them and draw off a couple of pints. It would certainly be worth the extra trouble, since no dead bodies would probably mean no serious attention by the police. Abby smiled to herself as she realized that she actually had a way to a new life. And it was all because of Owen. She looked at him as he studied a crossword puzzle she'd had in her trunk. It was all because of him. A chill went through her that wasn't from her still damp clothes. It was soooo close. If she'd gotten to the pool perhaps a minute later, he would have been dead. She had been almost too late. She snuggled close to Owen on the bench and contendly rested her head on his shoulder. Owen wrapped his arms around her waist and just kissed the top of her head. March, 1993. Abby's reverie was broken by the feeling of a tapping on her bare leg. She smiled as she felt the letters \"K\" and \"I\" being tapped out. She reached over to Owen's own bare side and and tapped back \"S\" and \"S\". She rolled over to face him. \"Can't sleep?\" \"Did I wake you? Sorry.\" \"It's alright. Penny for your thoughts.\" \"I was just thinking about Los Alamos\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah. I was thinking about how close we came to not having this…Not to having us .\" \"But we did. That's long in the past.\" \"I know. But I still think about how if I'd been a minute late\" \"But you weren't.\" \"I know.\" Abby tried to force the thoughts from her head. All the joys of the last ten years would never have come to pass. She would never have learned that animal blood's taste disgusted her (as it did Owen when he became like her) but she got used to it as she found it DID satisfy her needs. As did stored human blood. Every six weeks, or so, she and Owen would go to the city and make a secret visit to hospital blood banks. They simply picked bags close to their expiration dates. It made a pleasant diversion from the blood they got from the local butchers and/or the odd freerange livestock. And, they usually capped off their night in the city by taking in a movie. Abby was proud of the fact that she had not taken a human life since that night in New Mexico. Owen had simply never taken once since he became like her that memorable night in 1984. They would never have had the Christmases they'd shared. They would never have experienced that first night, right after Owen had turned thirteen, when they consummated their relationship. So many joys and discoveries would have been lost. Owen pulled her in close and kissed her. He figured that if they were both awake, they might as well enjoy it. His romantic overtures were interrupted by Abby's yawn as sleep suddenly came on her. \"Awwwwww.\" \"Sorry, about that.\", Abby laughed through her yawn. \"We'll have to take a raincheck until tonight.\" \"Yeah…I guess.\", Owen pretended to pout. Abby leaned over and kissed him before settling back on her pillow. \"That was for now…The rest is saved for later.\", she purred as she closed her eyes. Owen smiled at how she could entrance him as easily today as she could in 1983. He snuggled close and pulled her in as sleep overtook him as well. ","Summary":" ertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm Almost Too Late March, 1993. Time, Abby thought, time and memories could f"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"13 Hallowed Nights: The Ninth Night","Author":"Corvus no Genmu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6431949","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own what is my own. \"Just so you know, we can't be friends.\" \"Why not?\" \"It's just the way it is.\" Thirteen Hallowed Nights The Ninth Night: \"Friends\" By Corvus no Genmu The summer heat was fading towards autumn's biting winds but the night sky was still clear, the stars above shining brightly at least in these dark woods. The trees stood tall and close together and most still had a fine collection of emerald leaves whose edges were only just now turning to the color of flames, the branches swaying to rid themselves of dying cargo. It was late in the night, almost midnight, but still the children of the cabin were both awake and sat together in the same bed, finding comfort in each other despite the silence. They sat reclined, leaning against one another, their hands clasped tightly though they refused to look at the other. Though their fights were rare almost inconceivable really, they did have them and it was always about the same thing. Whether or not he join her forever in the darkness of the night. Contrary to what you might assume, it was not the girl that had this selfish desire. No, it was the boy who wanted the cursed life not for himself but for the girl that had claimed his heart however unwilling and who in turn gave her heart to him. She hadn't been given a choice, those two long centuries past, and now that she had been given the chance to make one of her own it frightened her terribly. To live forever as a child might sound like a whimsical fantasy but that was a lie for hers was not an immortal life without prices to pay. The sun had been forgotten decades ago, the blue sky but an illusion in her memories, and the thirst, the damnable thirst that forever hounded her, could never be denied. The thirst for blood. He claimed to know the pain of it, the risks and the horrors, and still he did not care. He wanted to stay with her forever so that she may have a true companion to stand beside rather than be left alone by the protectors before him. Still she denied him as she had denied them but her will, once strong and unbreakable, was slowly crumbling. The loneliness was greater now than it had been and none of the others had ever filled her silent heart with the joy of true, innocent love. She was a monster, a creature of the dark to be hated and feared and she held little doubt that she'd meet a painful, agonizing end, by her hand or by another's, if she kept walking this lonely road where company came and went. She had drawn a line for herself long ago, a line that forbade her to ever make another like herself. Better for them to die than to force another to live a cursed life of immortality. Why couldn't he understand that? The boy wondered the same thing about her. The door to their cabin banged heavily with great, forceful knockings and startled them both terribly. In an instant, she was at the door with fangs bared, a gentle biting at her lower li. No one came to these woods and with good reason. These were the woods where stories dark and terrible, bright and joyful, were told. The Black Forest of Germany where brothers two walked side-by-side with pen and paper, taking the stories alive and capturing them forever. Tourists and natives alike did not dare to enter the deeper wood by the instinctive idea that maybe; just maybe, some of those stories still roamed free and were not so polite to be captured. The fact that the wooden steps of the stoop did not creak gripped her heart in fear for few could walk so silently as the dark and not be a part of it. Oh yes, she had met her fair share of monsters and had run from their outstretched hands. She would kill to survive, but she would never take pleasure from it like they, only the satisfaction of hunger satiated and nothing more. \"It is not getting any warmer out here I'll have you know,\" spoke a voice of strange accent, clearly not a German for he spoke like a Swede of practiced tongue. The boy, foolish beloved brave thing, pressed himself against her, an axe at hand and a look of determination on his face. She regretted teaching him self-confidence only because that self-confidence was beginning to turn sour with the same foolhardy arrogance that ended the lives of similarly selfless men. The door trembled from another knocking and this time the voice spoke in a strange almost nonsensical verse. \"One for all and all for none, the future time has come. Face filled with torment, your heart beats like a drum.\" She hesitated but dared to hope it was who she believed it to be. She shared a glance with the boy and in their silent ways spoke volumes. She wanted him to trust that she knew what she was doing. He assured her that she had that long before. She smiled and pressed a quick kiss to his cheek before she opened the door. He was old, almost sickly really, and she would never have recognized him had a sudden wind not blown his scent back upon her. A smell of cloudless midnight, where a full moon shined like a torch and told the stars told their stories as cruel and spiteful clouds flickered resentfully on the horizon. The crisp scent of autumn leaves and candies sweet and bitter to the tongue. His eyes were of fresh cut emeralds and his hair was pale like ivory just as it had been when he was young. \"Mortimer?\" The old man smiled tiredly and leaned heavily against his cane. \"I go by Monshroud now but yes, it's me.\" He sighed and his eyes closed from exhaustion. \"Might I come in?\" The girl looked to the boy but the words were already halfway spoken. \"Please do sir.\" Monshroud cracked open an eye and smirked, shooting a sly grin at a suddenly embarrassed girl. \"He reads you better than you think he does.\" The old man shuffled into the cabin and took the chair closest to the fire. \"I suppose you both have a lot of questions for me this evening. I know chivalry demands it, but by your leave let me answer the boy's—\" \"Oskar.\" She interrupted, her eyes fierce, a hand clasping the boy's own. Monshroud nodded amiably. \"Oskar's questions.\" He stared expectantly at the boy who seemed strangely shy at the sudden attention. \"Speak boy, I don't bite.\" His smile was teasing, \"That's your vampire's job, yes?\" \"Don't call her that!\" Oskar snapped, fire now in his eyes as he stared defiantly at the old man who barked out a laugh, leaning back in his chair as it rocked back and forth like a ticking clock. \"Quick to defend the girl's honor aren't you,\" he spoke more to himself. \"You don't treat the word like a whispered horror, with that foolish ideal that silence will make it less than true.\" His emerald eyes bore onto Oskar and the boy flinched at the strange familiarity in them. \"You treat the word as an insult because with its utterance, she is reminded of her nature and you know she doesn't need that.\" He laughed again looking to the girl who was smiling adoringly at an embarrassed Oskar. \"You've found yourself a true diamond in the rough this time…\" Eli smiled and kissed Oskar's cheek, enjoying its pleasant warmth more than she should have and her heart ached for it but she buried it with the pleasure of past and present company. \"I know…\" Monshroud smiled and nodded. Good, it makes what I've come here for easier. His eyes met with Oskar's once more. \"I've known Eli for a long time Oskar, since the night she was first turned. How and why are between the two of us but I assure you that I'm no immortal, not like Eli at any rate so spare me your anger and resentment. Had I stayed with her she would never have met you.\" Oskar flushed again; the old man was turning out to be surprisingly good at reading people. \"I'm sorry.\" \"Don't be. Now when I first left her, I made her a promise that when I returned, it would be for one of two reasons.\" Monshroud held up two fingers and brought one down. \"The first was if I had found the vampire that had bitten her,\" He looked to Eli and smiled sadly, \"and that when I did, I would kill him by starvation. A grisly end for anyone but alas, the vampire responsible is currently beyond my reach and for that I do apologize, Eli.\" Eli's smile was a sad one but it was also understanding. \"Don't be, you still have the second reason don't you?\" Monshroud nodded, rocking gently in the chair. \"I do.\" Oskar frowned, worriedly looking back and forth between them. His eyes widened in alarm. \"You're not—\" \"My second reason was that if I ever found a way to make her immortality bearable that I would bring it to her.\" He brought the last finger down and suddenly held out the same hand to Eli who smiled fondly in remembrance and tapped it. He opened his hand to reveal a jeweled ring. The band was gold with the stone was a dark emerald that seemed to glimmer with its own light. He held it out to Eli who took it and stared at it in confusion. Monshroud wasn't done though as he tapped a box that was suddenly at his feet and pushed to the children with his cane. Oskar lifted the lid and blinked in surprise at the contents. \"Lollypops?\" \"Blood-pops actually.\" Monshroud smiled. \"Amazing thing magic… you'd be surprised at some of the new conventions the magical world has come up with.\" \"The magical world?\" gasped Oskar while Eli stared impassively into the box. \"You mean, magic is real? \" Monshroud chuckled. \"You've given your heart to a vampire and you question the reality of magic? Yes it is real as are a great many things.\" Noting Eli's hesitation he encouraged her. \"The box has an enchantment on it that prevents it from ever running empty and a follow-me spell attached to it should you ever have to leave it behind. It will be waiting for you wherever you make your home.\" Eli took out one of the blood-pops and gave it a slow look-over. \"This will really work? I won't have to feed anymore?\" \"Oh, you'll still need to have blood,\" said Monshroud, tapping the box with his cane. \"I've spoken to a few of the open covens and they say these are a fine, if slightly demeaning, substitute. Not sure how they taste though… Go on, give it a try.\" Eli unwrapped the packaging and took a small lick. Her eyes lit up and she all but jammed the thing in her mouth, much to Oskar's amusement. Monshroud sat back and nodded in satisfaction. \"The ring will protect you from all harm and I've had a spell attached to it to keep anyone but those you trust from removing it. The blood-pops will sate your hunger though I'd wager you'll still want for the thrill of the chase if nothing else. I give you a shield, and I've given you food. Now, I will give you a heart.\" \"What do you—\" Oskar started to ask when Monshroud suddenly jammed the end of his cane over the boy's heart. The boy let out a scream of pain as something started to shine with startling intensity at the cane's end. A strange piece of stone cut into the shape of an octagon. The sound of a dog's howling echoed in the small wooden cabin, drowning out the boy's pained scream before Eli tossed Monshroud aside, clear across the room where he impacted against the wall of the cabin with a resounding crack of his spine. \"Oskar! Oskar, are you alright?\" Eli took the unconscious boy's head to her lap, her eyes shining with fear. \"Wake up, please, wake up!\" She heard a faint tapping sound and she glanced down at his hand, his finger tapping out a simple message. L-O-V-E… \"I'm alright…\" the boy whispered, his eyes still closed. \"Just… tired is all… I'll be fine in the morning… promise…\" He was asleep and Eli breathed a sigh of relief before she lifted the boy up and placed him gently on their shared bed. The pained wheezing behind her turned angry eyes of burning amber back upon Monshroud. Monshroud who had been the only friend she had in the beginning of her life as a vampire. He had helped her when others would have seen her dead. He made an unbreakable vow with her and held his word for it. He gave her a ring of protection, of what kind she did not know and an endless supply of food, but he had hurt Oskar… She had all but killed him for it. \"Next time you try to kill someone…\" The old man gasped despite the agony he was feeling. \"Try and break the neck first…\" \"I am sorry… but you hurt him with… whatever it was you did.\" \"Don't be sorry… he was in pain and you defended him…\" Monshroud's smile was weak but it shined brightly in his eyes. \"It made what I did… all the better…\" Eli's eyes narrowed and a faint glimmer of fang appeared. \"What did you do to Oskar?\" \"I made him… into an immortal…\" \"What?\" gasped Eli. \"He will never age… and he will never die… unless he welcomes Death… into his home…\" He shivered and his hand gripped tightly over his heart. \"Why didn't you tell me what you were going to do? What it would entail!\" She was shouting now, tears streaming down her face as she stared down upon her first protector. \"Why would you make me a murderer again?\" \"Today… is the day Monshroud is supposed to die… and I… would rather die… having done one last… bit of good… than slipping away… alone…\" His breathing was slowly and she could hear the slowing of his heart. \"That… is my selfish… desire…\" \"You… you foolish old man…\" \"Heh… I suppose I am… but don't worry… I'm sure we… will see each other again… but… do a dying man… one last favor…?\" \"Anything.\" Monshroud smiled… Oskar woke with a groan, the light of the morning sun shining brightly in his eyes. He turned his back to it and tried to regain some semblance of sleep when he realized—\"The sun!\" He shot awake, \"Eli!\" But the bed as empty, the blanket knocked away. He turned and cried out at seeing the front door opened. He was alone. \"ELI!\" He raced out the door and nearly tripped over a young female form. He was about to yell her name again when he saw a small glint of emerald and gold, and he remembered Monshroud's words. He whispered her name, \"Eli?\" \"Please… sit next to me, Oskar?\" She didn't have to ask, he was already sitting down beside her, his hand clasping her own, the jewel shining between their fingers. She turned to look him in the eye, her own wet with tears flowing down her pale face like rivers. \"Is this… a dream, Oskar?\" She touched the burnt hole of his shirt where a scar in the shape of a dog's paw lay over his heart. \"Is this really the dawn?\" Oskar smiled, her words always a puzzle with another meaning behind them. He had no clue what Monshroud had done to him but he knew that what he had done for Eli was more than enough. \"Yeah… yeah it is…\" Twenty years later… The backdoor opened and a young girl of nine years raced inside, \"Daddy! Mommy! I'm home!\" Jacque glanced up from where he was busy preparing dinner as Morrigan watched in bemusement. She was never too good of a cook and her last concoction had to be put down most violently but perhaps that had been intentional on her part. Never mind that Jacque's food was almost, dare she say it, divine in its flavor but it was rather fun to see him preparing meals around the kitchen like he was some head chef in a fine Parisian restaurant. Still, that did not stop her from smiling beautifully at her adopted daughter racing up to her as excited as any nine-year-old should be. It had taken the better part of the year but Samara had finally succumb to her own desire and referred to both Jacque and Morrigan as her parents rather than by their names. Morrigan thought it cute how Jacque teared up when Samara had called him daddy for the first time and venomously denied her own reaction when the tables were turned back upon her. \"Welcome home, Samara. Anything interesting happen at school today?\" asked Jacque as he set about slicing some carrots. \"I met a vampire!\" The knife came down hard on the chopping board and a glass shattered in a manicured hand. Jacque turned a concerned eye to Samara while Morrigan was already beside the girl and looking her over, a dark aura of menace surrounding the woman. While Jacque cared about vampires as much as he did anyone, Morrigan had a healthy disfavor for them thanks to one particularly stubborn, if not powerful, vampire that refused to get his ideals out of the Dark Ages. Still, the sky was dark with heavy storm clouds and only a truly hungry vampire would be roaming the streets before nightfall… \"Mommy, I'm okay really! Eli was really nice and Oskar…\" She continued on telling a fabulous recounting of her new friends and how they had inadvertently discovered each other's uniqueness, that which kept them young and separate from the world. Jacque didn't hear, his emerald eyes were glazed over, seeing beyond the present and into the mists of the past. He smiled. Some friendships are so strong, they can even transcend lifetimes. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own what is my own. \"Just so you know, we can't be friends.\" \"Why not?\" \"It's ju"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"You Let The Wrong go In","Author":"Brujhah","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7380544","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You Let The Wrong go In Se encerró en el baño de la biblioteca. Miró con asco las paredes rayadas, pero no pudo evitar leer los mensajes que estas decían. Sacó un cigarrillo, aunque sabía que estaba prohibido fumar ahí realmente no le importaba. Miró su reloj: faltaban solo catorce minutos para las siete, ya estaba oscuro y lo impropio de aquél número le dio un pésimo presentimiento. No podía ser doce o quince; catorce, era como revolver una cifra para dejarla en un número difícil de recordar, como aprenderse de memoria el número dieciséis millones ciento treinta y siete mil ochocientos cuarenta y uno. Tal vez algo saldría mal esa tarde, quizás debería retirarse y analizar a su objetivo con mayor cuidado. \" Mejor pollo frito en la mano que polla fría en el ano\" No pudo evitar esbozar una sonrisa. Cuando era un niño el leer aquellas cosas simplemente le hubiera causado una vaga indiferencia, pero ahora que era un hombre le parecía estúpido y gracioso en partes iguales. Desde que se marchara, Blackeberg se había empequeñecido, aunque lo cierto era que la gente había aumentado. Pero al menos la biblioteca del centro seguía siendo la misma. Inevitablemente se preguntó si es que alguien más estaría en su posición, idea que desechó de inmediato. Nada violento había ocurrido en su antigua ciudad desde que encontraran a un hombre descompuesto y desangrado al lado del departamento en el cual vivía con su madre. Siguió el caso minuciosamente; el hombre resultó estar involucrado con una mujer que días atrás había ardido en el hospital. Era realmente escalofriante, y los detalles del caso hicieron volar la imaginación de la prensa. Pero eso fue lo último. Al pasar los primeros meses, sin más noticias de su hogar simplemente lo olvido. Encendió su cigarrillo y se centró en la relajada luz que este emitía, volvió a las tres noches anteriores, a su última víctima. Había asaltado al viejo en su casa. Le resultó tan idiota la forma en la cual había caído que sintió lástima, casi dejó de lado su misión y eso era algo que le ocurría demasiado a menudo últimamente, sentía que en cualquier momento le descubrirían y se inventaba excusas para no hacer nada, pero finalmente imperó su misión; Eli contaba con é se acercó al departamento y golpeó la puerta, era una suerte que el pobre sufriera de insomnio, lo que le hacía especialmente adecuado para atacarlo a las dos de la madrugada, era una de las razones por las cuales Oskar le había elegido. Cuando este se asomó, siquiera se inmutó al disparar el dardo tranquilizador que lo arrastro al suelo, cogiéndolo antes de que lo tocara, lo arrastró dentro de su hogar. Años atrás cuando recién comenzara sus cacerías. Eli le había explicado como trabajaba su padre o el hombre que se hacía pasar por su padre. Así mismo Oskar recordó todos los detalles que aquél hombre había dejado tras de sí y le pareció casi un milagro el que la policía no hubiera dado antes con él. Incluso cuando recortaba las noticias que mostraban los asesinatos extraños que \"El Asesino del Ritual\" realizaba, existían demasiadas coincidencias como para ser llanamente casos aislados. El problema, al parecer, no era de la policía, si no de la sociedad; nadie en su país estaba acostumbrado a tal brutalidad. Así que cuando, finalmente el padre de Eli, había caído todo resultó ser parte de un tremendo suceso lleno de la más inaudita suerte. Pero Oskar no se confiaba, era absurdo hacerlo. Así que cuando atacó al viejo, procuró seguirlo cuatro días, el tiempo que siempre se tomaba para investigar a sus víctimas. No podía tardarse más, hacerlo significaba matar a Eli de hambre. Y desde hace tiempo que ella ya no aceptaba su sangre. En su momento había pensado en que ella le mordería… pero estaba esa enfermedad, la que ella le contagiaría si es que llegaba a tocarlo. Así que en sus primeros años, antes de que Oskar matara por primera vez, subsistía de esa manera, le hacía cortes precisos que le drenaban casi un litro de sangre, lo suficiente para que recuperara fuerzas y fuera a cazar por las de ella. En un principio no se atrevía a seguirla, pero con el pasar los meses se le hizo necesario, exclusivamente por curiosidad o morbo, le gustaba calificarlo de la primera manera pero sabía que se trataba de la segunda. Tanto tiempo leer sobre asesinatos y realmente nunca había visto uno. \" Mentira, Eli mató a Lacke, frente a mi\" Pero simplemente ya no se le hacía satisfactorio el solo imaginar cómo es que ocurría. Sabía y quería que llegara el momento en que él fuera quién cuidara de ella, en que él se encargara de todo. Solo bastaba esperar un par de años, solo un par de años… Su primera vez fue con una chica de dieciséis años, se coló en una fiesta mientras que Eli le esperaba fuera, en aquella ocasión no había seguido a la muchacha, por lo que se armó un gran revuelo cuando su cuerpo apareció en una de las habitaciones de la casa. De hecho ella estaba borracha y Oskar solo se había dejado conducir por ella. Incluso podría decirse que le había faltado el valor para cuando ella debió de haber estado lista y lo cierto es que no había atrevido a cortar su cuello. Finalmente fue Eli quién se deslizo a la habitación y mientras Oskar sujetaba a la muchacha, ella la bebía. Esa noche se había besado y tocado hasta que ella se fue a descansar. Pensar en esa primera vez siempre lo calentaba. Ya que en esos años no había mucha diferencia entre ambos. Pero ahora era diferente, ya no podía besar o tocar a Eli, era ridículo podía matar tranquilamente pero no podía tocar a la chica. Y el viejo… ¡oh si el viejo! Pues en realidad no había pasado mucho. Lo colgó tal cual lo había hecho el padre de Eli y lo desangró. Con el tiempo limitado para trabajar cortó sus dedos y le sacó los dientes, mientras que desmenuzó el cuerpo parte por parte, para hacer más fácil el traslado. Era en esos momentos en los cuales debía de corresponder a los límites, pasadas un par de horas, con el frío la sangre simplemente se congelaba y ya era inservible. Pero hace mucho que Oskar había dejado de ser aquél niño débil y patético que necesitaba que lo defendieran, entre las constantes mudanzas de un lado a otro, así como el arrastre de cuerpo y sus propias necesidades de hacerse más fuerte había logrado obtener la compleción necesaria para realizar todo aquello sin cansarse. Era quizás una de las cosas de las que realmente se sentía orgulloso. Se había vuelto fuerte, extremadamente fuerte. Siempre cargaba los cuerpos en una de esas gigantescas mochilas de expedición, además una persona muerta, le parecía, pesaba mucho más de lo que se veía a primera vista. Una vez hubo empacado todo, se felicitó ante la pulcritud que estaba logrando en su trabajo, realmente en aquella ocasión no había dejado una sola mancha. Sin embargo no se confió. Fue a la cocina del viejo y sacó sus propios trastos de limpieza; con cuidado pasó desinfectante por la esquina de una alta biblioteca, que le había servido para tensar la cuerda con la cual colgara al viejo de cabeza. También limpió el resistente candelabro que había servido de soporte final, pasó un trapeador por el suelo sobre el que había colocado el embudo y luego volvió a dejar la alfombra tal cual estaba. La parte más agotadora del trabajo la realizó en el baño y a medida que cortaba y cercenaba, para aprovechar el tiempo, limpiaba. Al entrar se había puesto bolsas en las botas ya que de niño había leído sobre un caso, en el que al asesino lo identificaron por las marcas de su calzado y él no estaba dispuesto a correr ese riesgo. Pronto serían las seis; estaba acomodando sus propios utensilios, ya que como en otras ocasiones, el viejo había acaparado más espacio del que había calculado. Fue cuando sintió una insistente molestia cobre él, como si le miraran con demasiada fijeza. Nuevamente sus paranoias lo estaba atacando, a veces creía que se trataba de los fantasmas de sus víctimas quienes, obviamente, enfadados se dedicaban a molestar, y de hecho, aquella idea se estaba haciendo un espacio en su cabeza, que tal vez era la culpable de sus tempranos remordimientos. Al fin de cuentas si Eli, que era un personaje de \"ficción\" existía ¿Cómo podría él negar la existencia de los fantasmas? Pero cuando alzó la vista, el departamento seguía tan silencioso como lo había estado toda esa noche. Entonces notó la agenda, podría decirse que la había visto durante toda la noche, pero que solo en aquél momento tomaba un verdadero significado, parecido al de esos catorce minutos que faltaban para cumplir las siete. Era una señal de que algo no saldría bien, así que tenía que deshacerse de ella; la cogió e inmediatamente decidió que la quemaría junto a los dedos y a los dientes del viejo. Cuando salió del departamento, no había nadie. Ya casi daban las seis, hora a la que usualmente se levantaban los que comenzaban su día más temprano, sin embargo no se topó con nadie. Se acostumbró a no usar los caminos usuales, así que cada vez que asaltaba a una víctima, tomaba los senderos en los que fácilmente se podría borrar su huella, en ocasiones el mismo se dedicaba a hacerlo. Pero esa vez dividió el camino en dos, cuando llegó a la avenida principal cruzó hacia un supermercado y a pesar de sentir hambre no compró nada, su cabello y cara lo hacían demasiado reconocible. Una vez pasó el lugar siguió a un grupo de trabajadores a través de un bosque llano que daba a la autopista, ahí los recogía el bus de una empresa y bueno eso él ya lo sabía. La treta le sirvió para pasar como un trabajador más de cualquier otra empresa. Nadie le había hablado, así que no importaba si se acordaban de su cara o no, muchas, tal vez cientos de personas hacían aquél recorrido hacia la carretera. No fue él quien se interesó en esa agenda, fue Eli. A la tarde siguiente, ella encontró los datos del viejo. Nombre… nunca buscaba aprenderse los nombres, había leído que humanizaban a las personas y él no quería saber nada de eso. Fue de la agenda de donde acaeció algo parecido al desastre. Sin duda era la hija del viejo y lo más probable es que fuera un par de años menor que él o lo sería si es que estuviera viva. Ya que, al menos, la foto indicaba que había muerto ese mismo año. ¿Había asesinado él a una muchacha como ella? No podía recordarlo. Se quedó largo rato observando sus ojos y sus facciones y no pudo llegar a otra conclusión más que, no solo le parecía linda sino hermosa. ¿Había asesinado él a una muchacha como ella? No lo sabía. Quizás a cuantas chicas bellas para sus novios, padres y hermanos había eliminado. Pero no era hora de lamentarse, Eli contaba con él, Eli era la mujer más hermosa para él. Sin embargo un hecho evidente e irrefutable los estaba separando, siendo incluso más potente que la costumbre y el secreto terrible que ambos guardaban. Pero lo mejor era actuar como si en verdad nada de ello ocurriera. En ocasiones el cuerpo parecía gritarle, ya no sentía nada cuando Eli le tocaba y sentía asco de besarla. ¿Qué le estaba pasando? ¿Había asesinado él a una muchacha como esa? ¿Y si antes de matar las violaba? No se veía con muchas opciones en ese sentido. Tener una relación con una muchacha normal era imposible ¿Quizás conseguir mujeres? pero Eli lo notaría. ¡Ja! Como si ella no se hubiera dado cuenta de su lejanía. Pero Eli no decía nada, no hacía nada. O eso pensaba hasta que encontró la foto. Lo cierto es que Oskar, había estado dispuesto a quemarla junto con los dientes y dedos de su padre. Pero por algún motivo que no entendió y que no quiso explicarse, no lo hizo. ¿Había asesinado él a una muchacha como esa? No podía recordarlo y ahora estaba ahí en el baño de la biblioteca esperando a que una niña fuera ayudarle con su actual \"problema\". Si no podía excitarse con ella, jamás lo lograría con Eli. Pero cuando la niña entró a su cubículo, sintió nuevamente asco. Le entregó el dinero y se marchó. ¿Por qué todo tan de pronto se había vuelto una mierda? ¿O es que lo había sido siempre y él no lo había notado? N/A: Hola! Quizás a muchos le resulte chocante ver a Oskar en una situación como aquella, pero me pareció casi poético el colocarlo en los mismos problemas que tenía Hakän cuando se trataba de \"soltar\" su frustración. Si nos guiamos por la pelicula, quizás este cometiendo una especie de asesinato del personaje principal que es una victima. Pero realmente siendo una fan del libro no podía dejar de lado toda la información que sale en este y que la pelicula suprime. Así que a menos de que quieran entender el por que, les aviso que de aquí en adelante HAY SPOILER del libro. 1.- Pues bien, Hakän acude a esa misma biblioteca con el fin de tener sexo con niño, si es un pedofilo y al menos en el libro Eli se aprovecha de esa circunstancia para lograr que él case por ella, seduciéndolo y bueno ofreciéndole favores a cambio de la sangre que le provea. Realmente ese sería el único spoiler. Ya que el resto lo deduzco por como se dan las cosas en el libro. En cierta ocasión leí que la razón por la cual Eli se acerca a Oskar, fuera de que el muchacho termina gustándole se trata de que siendo un niño, ya mantiene pensamientos de odio hacia quienes abusan de él y cargando su cuchillo se \"divierte\" imaginando que cuando apuñala a los árboles en verdad lo hace a sus enemigos. Entonces, ella sabe que tiene a alguien que en un futuro podrá ser capaz de matar, cuando en diez años más ella siga siendo una niña y Hakän un anciano. Es por ello que ella deja \"entrar\" a Oskar, ya que como reza el titulo, se trata de dejar entrar a su vida al correcto y Oskar antes de conocerla es un futuro asesino en serie. Solo que al cimetar su \"amor/amistad\" ella logra que Oskar se marche con ella. Así que finalmente es cuando comienzan los problemas entre ellos, por que Oskar crece y sería absurdo pensar que se mantendría solo para ella, ya que Eli siempre será una NIÑA, mientras que él se convertirá en hombre. Cuando Oskar entiende que no se siente atraído por Niñas, ya que a diferencia de Hakán él no tiene instintos pedofilos, lo que en cierto sentido lo adecenta dentro de esta, mi historia. Bueno, no me extiendo más o esta explicación será más larga que la historia en si XD. Bueno, daré uno o dos espisodios más. Espero lo hallan disfrutado y obviamente un review se agradecerá. Atte,.- Brujhah.- PD: POR CIERTO, RECOMIENDO MUCHO, PERO MUCHO CLIMBING UP THE WALLS DE RADIOHEAD PARA LA LECTURA Y SI QUIEREN VER EL FAN VIDEO QUE HICE DE LA PELICULA ACÁ LES DEJÓ EL LINK http:/ www. youtube. com / watch?v= 0fVBpYpD4B4[Chapter 2] N/A: No tengo excusa. Solo me queda pedirles disculpas, sinceramente lamento la demora. II Llegó a su nuevo hogar esa semana y Eli le esperaba. Se estremeció al verla sentada en el suelo con la vista fija en la puerta. Era como un cachorro que se queda esperando a su dueño, sin embargo no creía que un simple cachorro fuera capaz de estremecerle como lo hacía la niña. De todas maneras Oskar le sonrió y cuando se acercó a ella no dudo en plantarle un beso en la boca, pero aquél gesto maquinal le punzó en el pecho como hace rato venían haciéndolo ciertas y molestas sensaciones. Su turbación fue evidente para ella. — ¿Ocurre algo Oskar? — este siguió de largo y negó tratando de calmarse. No entendía porque de pronto había sentido miedo. — Solo estoy cansado — Eli no dijo nada. Un cambio sustancial y paulatino estaba distanciando sus momentos junto a Oskar, ya no jugaban y con el tiempo él había dejado de buscarla. Por otro lado el asentamiento de \"normalidad\" estaba impregnando cada cosa que ambos hicieran, ante la imposibilidad de ellos mismos tener una vida \"normal\". Existían muchas diferencias entre Oskar y Hakän, tantas que en ocasiones tendía a extrañar al viejo y la ciega devoción que lo habían llevado a dar la vida por ella y, después de la muerte, el buscarla con el solo fin de hacerla suya(1*). Pero Oskar era de otra calaña, Hakän no era lo que ella llamaría un hombre malo, solo incomprendido y por ello había logrado dominarle y gustarle. A Oskar ella le gustó, no era ciega entendiendo eso, y ya no le gustaba; sus besos eran solo muestras de lealtad y deber, pero no existía deseo. La cuidaba como se cuida a una hermana y en su caso, estaba atado a ella por agradecimiento y el oscuro secreto que los rodeaba. Haberlo trasformado hubiera significado vagar como dos huérfanos por el mundo arriesgándose a demasiado. Era necesario que Oskar creciera y madurara para protegerla, pero eso había conllevado a que él se transformara en un verdadero adulto, responsable de llevar las cuentas de cada una de las casas en las que habían habitado, dedicado; solo bastaba ver como elegía, seguía y buscaba el alimento para ella, considerado, ya no le permitía vestir cualquier harapo, de hecho la llevaba a tiendas comerciales a buscarle ropa adecuada para una niña de su edad, y siempre se preocupaba de que estuviera limpia. Esa sensación, Eli jamás la había sentido, llanamente era como tener una familia que, a diferencia de sus otros guardianes no esperaba nada de ella y solo entregaba. Y era grato, cálido y dulce. Tan completa y asombrada se sentía que no notó el momento exacto en que Oskar empezó a sentir rechazo hacia ella. O mejor dicho hacia tocarla o besarla, había algo en la mente del muchacho que le turbaba en cuanto se acercaba y lo que en un principio parecía ser solo un lapso (ya que otros con ella lo habían tenido y siempre había pasado) se transformó en meses y años de silenciosa y respetuosa compañía. En un principio creyó que Oskar le \"engañaba\" ¿Con quién? No podría decirlo, pasaban tan poco tiempo en una zona que difícilmente el chico podría hacerse de una relación, quizás lo hacía con esas mujeres que exigían pago, jamás sabría decirlo. Fue por lo mismo, que decidió negarse a beber su sangre, prácticamente obligándole a cazar para darle alimento. Quizás era su forma de castigarle por ignorarla. Ya no era tan simple ir abrazados por la calle, él ya era mucho más alto y en las ocasiones en las que salían juntos, era capaz de notar como llamaba la atención de las mujeres y si Oskar las ignoraba, sabía, era porque ella estaba a su lado. Ya que a pesar de no decir o evidenciar nada, podía escucharlo en ocasiones jadeando en el baño, para salir de este laxo y relajado. Estaba siendo egoísta y lo sabía, lo fue al volver por él. Pero él también se dejó avasallar por ella, le había seguido y protegido. Aunque al principio el trato era bueno para ambos, el tiempo y él cambiaron, eso era innegable. Y solo ella se mantenía estática e inmóvil, incapaz de crecer o desarrollarse como una niña que en verdad era niño hermoso, pero niño al fin y al cabo. Y si ya Oskar había cedido ante ella, ante eso, no podía esperar que fuera toda su vida así. Quizás pensaba en conocer a una chica. Quizás pensaba en tener hijos. — Me gustaría visitar a mi madre — soltó de pronto él —No sabe que he vuelto… — Está bien… ¿Quieres que te acompañe? — No creo que sea buena idea, ella te conoce ¿Lo recuerdas? — Eli se acercó dando saltitos. — Le puedes decir que soy tu hija y la de Eli…— se llevó una mano al mentón — ¿Qué nombre me pondrías? — Oskar la cogió de las axilas y la sentó en la mesa frente a él. Dios, era tan liviana. \" Una cáscara vacía\" — Bella…— contestó y le estampó un beso en la frente — hermosa— continuó besándole los parpados —Preciosa — y Eli rio cuando le besó el mentón —Linda — entonces se detuvo. — Me gusta Linda… — dijo ella, Oskar volvió a sonreír, para esta vez dejarla sobre la mesa y dirigirse al refrigerador, lo abrió con gestos cansados y se quedó observando su interior. — ¿Cómo te has sentido Eli? — ella sabía que se refería a si tenía o no hambre, ya habían pasado dos días. Pero además de eso, Eli entendía que le estaba preguntando para dar inicio a todo el trabajo que Oskar se tomaba en cazar a sus víctimas y llevarle su sangre a ella. Pero bastaba verle para saber que ya se estaba hartando, jamás habían discutido por ello pero Eli lo sabía. Oskar giró hacia ella bebiendo del bidón de leche; unas gotas cayeron por el borde y recorrieron el mentón del muchacho, quién no se preocupó de ensuciar los bordes de su camisa. Era blanco sobre blanco, pero por unos segundos Eli se pregunto cómo se vería la sangre sobre aquella piel. Sin embargo era arriesgado. No habría un guardián para sus días y existía la seria posibilidad de que Oskar le abandonara una vez que ella lo convirtiera. Finalmente asintió, no quería que Oskar se arriesgara nuevamente a salir, tan cerca de la muerte de su última victima. Por lo tanto bajó de la mesa con un salto, se giró y apoyó las manos en la mesa y en esta su rostro. — Estoy bien — Oskar bajó la vista contrariado, o al menos así le pareció. Luego cerró el refrigerador y pasó a sentarse en el único sofá que había en la habitación. Eli apagó la luz y pasó a sentarse sobre las piernas del muchacho. — De todas maneras iré mañana — dijo cogiendo el control remoto y encendiendo la televisión — no quiero arriesgarme a que te ocurra algo — Eli notó la sinceridad en aquellas palabras, pero intuyó que algo más existía. No como si Oskar la engañara, sino que le ocultaba algo. Pasó su brazo tras el cuello de este y le dio un tierno beso en la mejilla, Oskar se alejó un poco y le sonrió antes de hacer él lo mismo. Estaba incómoda, a pesar de ser rutina continua. Un par de años atrás, bastaba solo aquél gesto para que él respondiera, pero centrándose en su boca. Era un niño, ambos lo eran. Pero en la actualidad Oskar ya no se permitía ese tipo de acercamiento con ella. Por unos segundos recordó a Hakän y lo molesto, y extrañado que este se mostraba cuando ella quería dar inicio a sus juegos, los cuales compartía con un Oskar al que recién había conocido. En ocasiones Oskar volvía y la besaba, pero solo parecía querer cumplir con su deber para luego irse a dormir o simplemente marcharse. \"Quizás está harto\" Ella también lo estaba. Desvió la vista hacia los noticieros, los veían todas las noches, era la única forma de saber si es que existía alguna pista que condujera a la policía hacia ellos. Hace un par de meses debieron salir raudos de la ciudad de Upssala, cuando en medio de un trabajo la ex mujer de una víctima había regresado de noche a fastidiar a su esposo, Oskar que ya había colgado al hombre no alcanzó a hacer corte alguno y cubierto con un pasamontañas salió por la única salida existente; la puerta principal. La mujer creyó que se trataba de un asalto y aunque Oskar quería huir lo siguió para golpearlo. Si bien este se había vuelto muy fuerte, evitaba bajo toda circunstancia el enfrentamiento físico, así que solo huyó. Cuando llegó al departamento que arrendaba, deposito a Eli en una caja y se cambió de ciudad. Al despertar, debió conformarse con sangre de animal, cuando Oskar había logrado cazar un par de gatos y un perro. Pero al menos le sirvió para mantenerse de pésimo humor unos tres días, había estado furiosa. Pero obedeció cuando él le prohibió salir a cazar. Principalmente porque la mujer salió dando entrevista en todos los canales a nivel nacional, después de todo había salvado a su ex esposo de una muerte segura, aunque eso la televisión no lo sabía. Llegaba a ser asfixiante la manera en la cual Oskar tomaba medidas de seguridad cuando se sentía amenazado, pero también era tierno con ella, como nunca nadie lo fue. Atendiendo a esas ultimas señales, Eli bajó la mano hasta la cremallera del muchacho, Oskar pareció no notarlo hasta que hizo un poco más de presión. Entonces le miró de reojo y solo dijo. — Ahora no Linda… estoy cansado — Eli le sonrió por cómo le llamó, pero se guardó muy bien de demostrar algún gesto de molestia o decepción. — ¿Está bien si salgo? — preguntó. Oskar le dirigió una mirada interrogante. — Pensé que no tenías hambre… — No es por eso… solo quiero salir…— Oskar asintió y procedió a colocarse de pie. — Bien vamos, debo hacer algunas compras— Eli observó como Oskar se dirigió hacia un perchero cogió su chaqueta, guantes, una bufanda y un gorro que le cubría las orejas. — Debes abrigarte — le dijo. — No siento frío — Eso no importa, no saldrás así — y sin prestarle más atención se dirigió a la habitación de ella para volver con un abrigo rojo, botas, guantes, bufanda y también un gorro que le cubría las orejas. Sin que ella se moviera en lo absoluto Oskar comenzó a prepararla, desde colocarle aquellas medias de lana, a cerrarle hasta arriba el cuello de la blusa que llevaba encima, para luego ponerle un chaleco grueso y sobre el cuello de este la bufanda, finalmente subía el cierre del abrigo hasta que estaba seguro de que ninguna corriente por mínima que fuera se colaría a molestar la piel de Eli. Ella solo le observaba con atención y sin disimular la sonrisa que se le formaba en el rostro. — Serias un buen padre Oskar — le dijo, logrando que este le pusiera atención. — Y tú una hija terrible. Salieron del departamento de la mano, como si fueran dos hermanos. Una vecina que recién llegaba los saludo y Oskar le ayudó con las bolsas que traía, a Eli todo eso le causaba mucha gracia y no podía evitar pensar que él era el más gentil de todos los cazadores y amantes que jamás tuviera. Oskar volvió a cogerle la mano, Eli comenzó a balancearlas tal cual lo haría una niña, cuando actuaba de esa manera él le sonreía más a menudo, no era tan distante y no se mostraba incómodo. Tomaron el metro hasta la próxima estación y descendieron en Blackerberg. Oskar observó a su alrededor, solo hace un par de días se encerró en el baño de la biblioteca esperando que un niño fuera a darle placer, ahora la idea le causaba asco, pero no olvidó lo cerca que había estado de acceder. Como si al hacerlo, fuera más fácil contentar a Eli. Ciertamente que todo a su alrededor había cambiado, cuando era un niño el centro de la ciudad a esas horas estaba tan muerto como los alrededores de su hogar. Pero ahora todo era tiendas, farmacias de veinticuatro horas, un parque de diversiones que llamó vivamente la atención de Eli, librerías y un cine del cual la gente, en ese momento salía. — ¿Cuándo veremos alguna película? — Oskar bajó la vista para mirarla. — ¿No tendrás problemas con el sonido? — eso era cierto, con el volumen de los cines Eli solía alterarse. — Quizás si me prestas tu walkman podré acostumbrarme — Oskar asintió. — Es una buena idea — se detuvieron frente a un supermercado. Pero Oskar parecía más atento a lo que ocurría dentro de este, Eli observó, pero no le fue posible ver nada, varios estantes le cubrían la vista. Sin embargo el reflejo de las luces de la rueda de la fortuna le hicieron ignorar a Oskar para girarse a ver el espectáculo. Tiró de la mano de este logrando captar su atención. — ¿Podemos ir? — Claro, solo espera acá — Oskar se soltó e ingreso al supermercado. Eli se quedó mirando el exterior, principalmente el parque de enfrente, poco segundos pasaron hasta que comenzó a sentirse molesta, sabía que significaba; alguien le miraba fijamente, giró y vio a un hombre mayor, estaba sentado solo un par de metros más allá de donde ella estaba. Parecía hambriento y cansado, una pierna se le doblaba de manera extraña. — ¡Oye niña! — Eli le siguió observando, al parecer quería intimidarla, pero no lo conseguía. Eli solo hizo un vago gesto, dándole a entender que le escuchaba. — ¿Tienes una moneda? — No, Eli jamás llevaba monedas consigo, principalmente porque nunca usaba ropa con bolsillos excepto si es que salía con Oskar y al menos en esa ocasión no llevaba nada. De todas maneras asintió y se acercó al viejo extendiéndole su mano. Cuando el viejo fue a cogerla Eli le miró a los ojos y supo que el trabajo estaba hecho, el sujeto se le quedó mirando con una expresión que hace tiempo no veía. Eli extendió su mano para mostrar que estaba vacía, pero el hombre no reaccionó. — Disculpa — dijo ella con tono suave — tuve que haberlas dejado en casa… — ¿Tú casa? — Eli asintió. — No está lejos, podemos llegar por ahí — y señalo un callejón oscuro contiguo al supermercado. Volteó hacia el sujeto y a este comenzaron a brillarle los ojos. No tuvo dificultad alguna para colocarse de pie, Eli le tomó de la mano, tal cual lo hiciera con Oskar y prácticamente lo guió hacia el callejón. — ¿Sabes pequeña? — ¿Si? — Es muy peligroso hablar con desconocidos ¿No te lo han dicho tus padres? — No tengo padres — se detuvieron. — ¿Ah si? ¿Estás sola? — Si — Si quieres yo… yo podría cuidarte, podríamos ir a mi casa — ¿Tienes casa? — Si, es pequeña, pero cabemos los dos. Los inviernos son tan crueles que nunca esta demás un poco de compañía ¿No lo crees? — Puede ser — Eli sintió como poco a poco el sujeto comenzó a meter las manos por su cuello, desanudando la bufanda que Oskar ató con tanto esmero. — Shh, no te ocurrirá nada — Lo sé — Eli cogió las ropas del sujeto tirándolas para que él se pusiera a su altura, este no se hizo repetir la señal. Un gato paso veloz por el callejón y no les prestó atención. El rostro de Eli se volvió húmedo y un olor a podrido llegó a su nariz. Sintió cosquillas ante el contacto con la lengua del sujeto, pero no río. Pronto sintió las frías manos del sujeto colarse bajo su ropa, buscando algún hueco por el cual entrar. Esperó a que se dedicara a soltar el abrigo, lo que siempre tomaba más tiempo, incluso a ella. — Shh, eres una buena niña ¿Cierto? — Eli no contestó, ya estaba demasiado cerca, demasiado excitada por todo ello, abrió la boca y dio un profundo mordisco en el cuello del sujeto, este solo se quejó mientras seguía desvistiéndola, cuando Eli lo cogió de los hombros con una fuerza que no era propia de una niña, pudo notar su miedo; él se tensó y comenzó a farfullar algo, Eli solo estaba atenta de lo que entraba por su boca, había alcohol y sustancias en esa sangre, había rastros de amargura por el cáncer que se comía a ese hombre, pero aún así le pareció delicioso. Se sentía nerviosa y ansiosa, algo que no podía probar con Oskar, algo que se eliminaba cuando era él quién le conseguía la sangre, sintió golpes en la cabeza y como el hombre le tomaba la cabeza con el único fin de sacársela de encima. Eli se detuvo y respiró, cuando fijó la vista en el sujeto este le miraba agotado y con los ojos vidriosos. — Puta — le dijo. Eli se miró su ropa, de noche la sangre podría pasar sin ser notada sobre su abrigo. Aún así enrolló la bufanda por fuera para cubrir las manchas de su cuello, se acercó al hombre y le quitó su chaqueta para limpiarse el rostro. Lo abandonó en el callejón y se asomó por este para buscar a Oskar, estaba donde le había dejado mirando a todos lados, buscándole. Ella se acercó dando saltitos y tiró de su ropa. Oskar soltó un suspiro de alivio. — ¿Dónde estabas? — preguntó agachándose a su altura, Eli solo sonrió, le venía de maravilla a su aspecto el beber. Oskar notó las diferencias en su ropaje y levantó la bufanda. — ¡Te dije que no te movieras de acá! — le gritó logrando asustarla. Sin dejar que ella contestara nada, la tomó en brazos y se alejó con ella. Eli solo apoyó el rostro en los hombros de Oskar, una vez que llegaran a casa él se enfadaría más y la regañaría por haber salido sola a cazar. Quizás incluso le castigaría. No importaba , lo hecho, hecho estaba, se quedó mirando la rueda de la fortuna mientras esta se empequeñecía en la lejanía, solo entonces notó lo ligero que Oskar avanzaba. No llevaba compra alguna con él. N/A: Creo que tengo una mente perversa, la escena del callejón me salió sin contratiempo alguno. (1*) En el cap. anterior di a entender que este fic, en vez de basarse en la película, lo hacía más en el libro. Pues bien: ACA HAY SPOILER DEL LIBRO SI QUIERES LEERLO Y NO SABER NADA, SALTA ESTE PARRAFO: Bueno, en el libró Hakän no muere al caer de se habitación en el edificio del hospital, debido a que Eli bebe de su sangre le contagia lo que ella llama su enfermedad y como Hakän no recibe sangre alguna comienza a moverse como un zombie, caminando solo con su bata del hospital, matando a gusto, avanzando derecho hasta donde Eli se encuentra. Después de mucho lo hace, en aquél sótano en el cual Oskar y Eli solían encontrarse, y al atraparla intenta violarla, pero Eli escapa y Hakän se encuentra con otro personaje. Sin nada más que agregar, me despido. No mentira... los reviews LuisAlejandro04: Gracias, he sido tu primera en español XD... ya lo dije tengo mente perversa ¬¬, bueno no soy muy buena leyendo en Ingles así que espero que no hayan muchas coincidencias más. Tengo al menos la visión (que estuvo meses estancada) de que si bien es un final feliz, para el libro y la película, no significa que todo sea perfecto de ahí en adelante, los personajes no lo son y de hecho si bien es una historia romántica, también es muy dramática y llena de un morbo que en vez de hacerla grotesca, la vuelve muy real. Reader76: Lo tenía pensado, algo que fuera desde el punto de vista de Eli, ya que al menos sirve para ver en que están los dos personajes, pero desde luego que la recomendación es aceptada. Gracias a ti, por darte el tiempo de leer. kinerio: De nada, gracias a ti por darte el tiempo de leer, eres el más afortunado, ya que solo debiste esperar un poco más de un mes. XD, no suelo tardarme tanto en una historia, excepto si es que hay estancamiento. Pero bueno como las excusas agravan la falta solo me queda pedir disculpas. La historia se esta continuando. Ahora si. Nos leemos. Atte.- Brujhah.- ","Summary":" You Let The Wrong go In Se encerró en el baño de la biblioteca. Miró con asco las paredes rayadas, "},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Let the Small Things Lie","Author":"chickenwaffle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10548494","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Let the Small Things Lie Chapter one: Fire and Ice \"You're always so cold even though you say you don't remember how to be you're always so warm even though it's been so long since you could be some seventy thousand days, and yet you still can't decide what's better, fire, or ice.\" Oskar opened his eyes, and sat up. Eli was staring at him intensely. He'd only taken a few moments to read the poem out loud. Why did it feel like Eli had been watching him forever? \"Why did you close your eyes?\" Eli asked, sitting cross-legged on the carpeted floor. Oskar swallowed, and shifted his weight uncomfortably. He had lain back in the bed, eyes closed, to better ignore his surroundings, to better forget that Eli was listening intently to his every word. \"It's scary to read my writing out loud. It's not so bad, when I close my eyes.\" Eli continued staring at him, his facial expression unchanged. Finally, a frown appeared on his face. \"What did you mean, I can't decide what's better, fire or ice?\" Eli asked. \"It's a reference to a poem. It's by an American, Robert Frost.\" Oskar's eyes darted briefly around the room, glossing over the accouterments of the hotel room. They fixed themselves on a generic abstract painting, with a border that was probably thicker than the painting itself. \"Have you heard of him?\" \"No.\" Eli shook his head. \"Have you heard of Rube Goldberg?\" \"No, why?\" \"He was an American artist. He drew comics. He also invented things. He didn't make very many puzzles, but he did draw a lot of silly inventions.\" Eli looked down at his bare feet wiggling against the carpet, and shrugged. \"They did simple things, but he always found the most complicated way to do them. I guess they were a bit like puzzles.\" At the mention of puzzles, Oskar thought back to how they'd first met, the nights they'd spent sitting on the playground in front of his apartment complex, the Rubik's cube he couldn't solve, that Eli solved easily. There was a pause. A note of silence hummed throughout the room. Oskar got up, and stretched, contorting his face into a comic pose. Eli would be hungry soon, he thought. It's been a good amount of time since he'd last eaten, he'd be in a bad mood soon. \"I'm going to bathe,\" Oskar announced. \"You smell, too. Wash your clothes.\" He walked towards the bathroom, yawning and rubbing his eyes. \"Even better, let's get new clothes tomorrow.\" Eli jumped to his feet in one, fluid motion, following Oskar. \"We can't, \" Eli stated matter-of-factly. \"Well, you can't. There are people looking for you; your mother must have reported you missing. There are flyers everywhere.\" Oskar stopped in front of the bathroom door, turning to face Eli. He missed his mother, even though it had only been a few days. Not a lot, but even though she was over protective, he felt bad for leaving so suddenly, for not telling her anything. \"We'll figure it out tomorrow, Oskar.\" They nodded to each other silently, and Oskar locked himself into the bathroom. Eli laid against the bathroom door, bored, now. He heard the water start to run. He tapped against the door, repeating a pattern once, twice, three times. Everything was quiet, except for the running water. If Eli had a heartbeat, he'd hear it, thumping gently in his chest. He put his ear up to the door, and listened. The sound of clothes hitting the floor, the sound of bare feet on tile, then silence. Tapping against the door, repeating once, twice, three times. Puss. Eli smiled.[Chapter 2] Let the Small Things Lie Chapter two: Everyman \"I'm sure I was wrong. Otherwise, you'd have stayed here. I hope you're okay.\" The house was filled with silence. Everything was still, and the quiet was thick and sun streamed in through the windows, filling the house with light. Yvonne sat at the kitchen table with a cup of coffee and a box of tissues, her eyes red from crying, her coffee watery and lukewarm. A ray of sunlight fell upon her lap, illuminating the yellow, polka-dotted sun dress she wore. Wooden bracelets clanked against each other as she reached for a tissue; her nose was red and raw from incessant rubbing. She sipped her coffee, lost in thought. What could she have done differently? Something she could've said, a hug she didn't give? Was she too hard on him? Too controlling, too protective? The phone rang, startling her out of her thoughts. She grabbed the box of tissues, and jumped to answer it. Probably the police, she thought. She'd called them, worried after Oskar didn't show up for dinner. They'd told her to wait. Kids often show up again on the first night, they'd told her. She'd argued with them, yelling angrily about the massacre at the pool, about the kids who'd died, and the one witness who said they'd seen Oskar with some… thing . They'd ignored her, told her to wait, and call again the next day. She did, and the best they said they could do was to put up flyers; hope someone would call with information. She picked up the phone. \"Hello? Yvonne?\" It was Erik. She'd dreaded this call. She didn't want to explain what happened, didn't know how to. How could she tell him that Oskar- \"Yes, good-\" she stopped mid-sentence to blow her nose. \"Good morning, Erik. How are you?\" \"I'm fine.\" There was a pause. \"I heard about what happened at the school, it's all over the radio.\" Her body started to tremble. This was all so overwhelming, she couldn't handle this. She was supposed to be the adult one, the responsible one. She'd fucked up; Oskar ran away while she was in charge, it was her fault. She suppressed a sob, while Erik continued to speak. \"Where's Oskar? Was he hurt?\" He waited a beat. \"Why didn't you call me?\" On the other end, Erik pinched the bridge of his nose. What was her malfunction? She was in college when they'd met. He was tending bar in Stockholm at the time; he'd pinched himself when she made her way to the counter. Over a beer, they'd discussed life, and her big plans to reform Sweden. Business law and tax code, she had said, grinning, are the burdens breaking the backs and banks of the Swedish everyman. Big words, big plans. Where was all that drive and confidence now? \"Yvonne? Say something. Answer me,\" he said, clearly frustrated. She lost it. Sobs wracked her body, folding her over. She fell to the ground, rivers of tears streaming down her reddened face and darkening her dress. Unable to breathe, doubled over in grief and fear, she squeezed words out of her lungs. \"I'm a failure,\" she stammered between gasps of air, sobbing uncontrollably. \"I'm a failure of a mother! I-\" \"Yvonne!\" Erik was yelling now. He'd lost his patience, which had already been worn thin with worry the moment he'd heard about Oskar's school on the news. \"Don't you fucking dare! You're not a goddamn victim!\" He gripped the phone tightly, his knuckles turning white. He needed a drink, badly. \"It's been two days since the incident at the school! Nobody thought to call me!?\" He balled his free hand into a fist, his forearm stretching the knit sweater he wore rolled up to just below his elbow. \"Where is Oskar?\" he demanded. \"Let me speak to him! This isn't about you!\" A low moan began to escape Yvonne's lips, growing steadily into a loud wail. She leaned against the kitchen wall, curled up into a ball, gripping the phone tightly, as if it was the only thing anchoring her to reality. She let the hand holding the phone fall to her side, and continued to wail and sob violently against the kitchen wall. \"Yvonne! Yvonne! \" Erik slammed the phone down onto the receiver, furious. \"Goddamnit!\" His face was mottled red with anger. Sweat was beading on his brow and moustache. He stormed across the tiny, cozy cottage, making a beeline for the liquor cabinet. He pulled a glass out from the cupboard, and poured himself a stiff glass of scotch, neat. ","Summary":" Let the Small Things Lie Chapter one: Fire and Ice \"You're always so cold even though you say you "},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"My Soul To Take","Author":"Marionettes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7058519","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My Soul To Take .- ... . .-. . / .- .. .-.. .-.. / .- . / -. - ..-.. \"Where will we go?\" Eli tapped on the top of the suitcase. Oskar considered this question. .. / -.. - / -. - - / -.- -. - .- \"I do not know,\" Oskar respond. Morse code is useful, but lengthy. Our responses must be shortened. They could try to hitch a steamboat to America and start anew, maybe relocate to Stockholm where two kids could easily be lost in the big city. They also could go to a larger city, Rotterdam. maybe. They'd have to learn French or Dutch or both. .-.. . .- ...- . / ... .- . -.. . -. \"Leave Sweden?\" Oskar asked. - .- -.- -... . \"Maybe,\" she replied. .-. - - - . .-. -.. .- - \"Rotterdam,\" Oskar said. She did not respond. They would have to talk more once they put up for the night. Oskar stayed on the train until it was dark outside and he was sure they were far enough away that his mother would not find him. He tapped out a lengthy explanation to Eli about what was going to happen. He was going to get off the train with their things and her box and then he was going to find some place to open to box and let her out. \"You need some help?\" the conductor said as he offered a hand to help Oskar out of the car. Oskar handed him one of the bags filled with his things but handled Eli's stuff and her box himself. \"Thank you,\" \"Good night,\" he saluted and hopped back onto the train. Oskar took in his surroundings and then made his way towards. It would be easy enough to ask Eli to just push the top back up. He told her it was safe to come out and out she popped a few seconds later. She was so strong. He'd been working with those weights but he hadn't come too far. He could barely tread water after all. \"How was the ride?\" Oskar asked. \"It was fine,\" she replied. \"Where will we go?\" \"I do not know,\" Oskar replied, once more quite honestly. \"You were thinking Rotterdam, we don't speak French or Dutch,\" she said. \"We might be able to blend in though,\" he told her as they walked away from the train station. There was a light snow but Eli never seemed cold so Oskar did not worry about it. \"We can blend with others in Stockholm,\" she pointed out. \"We could go to America,\" Oskar said wistfully. \"We don't speak English,\" Eli objected. \"There's a motel right there, we should stop before the night.\" \"What time is it?\" Oskar asked. \"Almost ten,\" she told him and abruptly changed course and took his hand in hers and led him. The lights that choked out a vacancy sign was cheap, but even so it still gave Oskar a little hope that maybe they were doing the right thing the right way. \"Hello, my name is Frej, how can I help you?\" he asked. Wasn't it obvious? They came to a motel to rent a room. \"You want a room?\" \"Yes please. Do you have any rooms with an extra door that leads directly out of the building?\" she asked. He raised an eyebrow to that but didn't question it. Perhaps he got a lot of weird questions around here. Maybe that was why he wasn't questioning two young children who asked for a room. \"How long are you two planning on staying here?\" he inquired as he dug through some drawers for a key. \"Just a few days.\" \"A week,\" Eli corrects. The authoritative tone she commanded was impressive. He nodded and said he would charge half now and half the fee when they checked out. She carefully counted out the bills and then handed them over. He counted them again just to be sure and then handed her a key. \"Down that hall. Third door on the right,\" he said. \"Which direction does it face?\" Eli inquired. He considered this for a moment, and then said north. That was a relief. They quietly walked to their room. The door swung open to reveal a narrow hallway that opened up to a small room. There was a door immediately on the right which led to a window-less bathroom. That would be useful. The next door led the smallest closet Oskar had ever seen. There were two beds, Oskar was glad because they hadn't thought to ask him for that. Not that he would have minded to share a bed with Eli, but still. There was a desk for writing and a window. Right away Eli set about to put up covers so she would be safe the following morning. Oskar sat on the bed and watched Eli flutter about the room. The sheets were scratchy. He missed his mother, but it was worth it to be with Eli. \"Do you think my mother misses me?\" Oskar asked idly. \"Probably,\" she replied when she finally decided that the sun would not get though. \"We should sleep…\" Oskar nodded and went to the bathroom to change. The small bathroom reminded him of that night when that man had tried to kill Eli when she had been sleeping in the tub. He shuddered and changed quickly. \"Good night, Oskar,\" she whispered when he was settled in bed. \"Good nigh, Eli,\" he replied and switched the light off. Maybe they really could make it. Yay. Don't flame me for the morse code. I think it's right, though there might be a few mistakes... Review? It makes authors like me überly happy when you do! Marionettes[Chapter 2] My Soul To Take Eli woke Oskar up around six. It wasn't quite nightfall but it didn't matter. They could talk in their room. They took showers and brushed their teeth and cleaned up a bit. They had crashed pretty hard. Eli was impressed that Oskar had taken so well to that night in the pool. She was sure any other person would have been spooked but Oskar seemed unfazed and she loved him for it. Oskar was young and it saddened her, and she hated herself for that sadness. She should be happy for him, but she wasn't. She wished she could share with him her past, everything that had happened to her. The guilt was bearable, but Eli figured it would pass. \"I think it's safe for us to go out,\" he said. \"And why would we want to go out?\" she asked him in return. She had a few reasons why, but she wanted to know why he was so eager to go. She wasn't hungry, not yet. This motel was in a area rural enough for her to maybe catch a deer or something so it wouldn't be a problem. \"Well, I'm hungry,\" he admitted. Eli had forgotten about that. \"And I want some fresh air. It's a bit stuffy in here.\" Eli nodded, now noticing the humidity. Perhaps the air circulation was poor, after all, they had just taken a shower. Separate showers. Eli wished she could be that close to him, but he wouldn't get it. He was looking at her for a while until Eli declared they should go if they wanted to find an open convenience store for food. At least fresh air was easier to come by than food. Oskar started for the external door but Eli shook her head. \"We should ask Frej for directions to the nearest convenience store,\" Eli explained. Oskar saw the logic in her words and agreed and they headed down the hall. Frej was there, snoozing at the receptionist desk. Eli tapped on his head and he was alert and whipping his head around a few seconds later. \"Directions for the nearest convenience store?\" He considered this a moment and then scribbled out some illegible directions. She caught a whiff of his breath and quickly decided he was drunk. Oskar started to head out the front door but Eli shook her head again. \"We'll go out later Oskar,\" she said loudly so Frej heard it. He was about to protest but she gave him a look and he quieted down. Once they were out of range from the wasted man, he asked her why they weren't going out the front door. After all, it was right there for them to use. Eli responded, \"Because if we would probably return through the back door because we'll probably be out late tonight and that looks suspicious.\" \"But he wouldn't have noticed!\" he objected. So Oskar had caught onto Frej's intoxication. \"It doesn't work like that,\" she told him as they entered their room. Eli locked the door and then took the key with her and grabbed Oskar's arm and dragged him out the door. \"What was that for?\" he demanded, rather dramatically. She shrugged. He smiled and gestured for her to lead on. After Eli deciphered the map Frej had drawn, they started off their trek through the snow. A few minutes later, Eli could see some faint lights in the distant. When they were closer, Eli saw that they were flashing 'OPEN.' It looked cheap and dirty but there weren't that many other options. She looked down her feet and caught sight of Oskar's hand, trembling right next to hers. She laughed a little and took his hand in hers. He flinched a bit because of the cold but soon got accustomed to it. Eli was used to that, and she didn't mind. They walked into the grocery store holding hands. Eli felt pretty happy. Oskar was pretty happy when Eli told him he could get whatever he wanted. He grabbed several chocolate bars and bags of chips. On a second thought, he decided to grab a few bananas that they had in the store. It took him a while to find good ones as the bananas they had were mostly mushy and overripe but he did find a few ripe and non-ripe ones. Eli paid with a hundred krona banknote. Oskar looked as if it was the largest banknote he'd seen in his life. 1000 krona banknotes weren't uncommon. But then, Oskar hadn't lived in the wealthiest and providing homes. On their way back, Oskar devoured two bars as if he'd never had chocolate. \"Do you want some?\" he offered the bar out to her, his face smeared with chocolate in a similar shape to a milk moustache. She giggled but declined. \"Who declines chocolate?\" Pause, Eli glared at him. \"Oh… right. Sorry.\" \"It's okay. Enjoy the chocolate,\" she told him wistfully. She had enjoyed chocolate very much before. But she hadn't had it too much. She had always been too busy doing other things. Yeah... about the currency, I did use Swedish currency but honestly, I have no idea what the inflation rate is/how much miscellaneous stuff is. Sorry if I horribly screwed it up :| Anyways, reviews are to me like chocolate bars to Oskar :D Review if you have time. You have no idea how grateful I'd be. It makes me feel happy that people are reading and makes me more willing to update this story more frequently. So yeah :D Marionettes ","Summary":" My Soul To Take .- ... . .-. . / .- .. .-.. .-.. / .- . / -. - ..-.. \"Where will we go?\" Eli tapp"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Keep the Right One With You","Author":"heronkij","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6224870","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Do you think they'll find us?\" \"I don't know. Do they usually?\" \"…No… Not like this.\" They watched behind glass as their old home burned to ashes. It looked warm now. But the ashes coming down looked like black snow. Cold. But at least snow looked pure. This was just black. Evil. She never wanted this for him. It stained the snow as it touched. The ground looked like the skin of a massive Dalmatian, or some undiscovered leopard. She looked up at him. He was so much taller now. The boy was now fourteen. His hair was longer. It waved at the ends. She thought it was pretty, but it also made her sad. He must have known she was staring. He looked down at her. Oh those blue eyes. His face twisted into a bit of confusion. She looked away, watching their fire. He was still looking at her though.[Chapter 2] \"Well, come on.\" He beckoned. He said it'd be nice. He didn't understand why she was so reluctant, but it really didn't bother him too much. He entered the complex first. This was necessary. \"You can come in.\" He said it with a grin. Sometimes he had fun with her. She gave a little glare and heaved up two bags. Good actor. Oskar had three in his hands. It was all they had, or all they could afford to have. Five bags. One for puzzles, two for clothes, and the other two were just for show. Oskar thought this through pretty well. He nudged the door open and she walked through, still glaring. It was too cute to him. They climbed the stairs to their new apartment. Oskar felt a bit bad, using money from… \"Just don't think about it, Oskar.\" He was in front of her, so she couldn't have seen his face. He just nodded. Guilt brings them down. No guilt, no troubles. Yeah. If only it really worked like that. Oskar knocked on the door. She'd been in there all day. Sleeping, of course. There was a groggy moan. \"Oskar?\" \"Yup?\" \"Is it safe?\" He didn't answer. She'd have to come out and see him first. The door opened. She walked out and looked at him. \"Is it safe?\" \"Well, they're still talking and investigating the…\" She knew he didn't like saying it. \"Yeah.\" He smiled. He was so glad that she didn't think he was a coward or something. After the older guy she killed a couple years ago, he hadn't thought so lightly of murder. He didn't like it. \"in Orebro, but no suspicious activity here.\" He knew this was necessary for her survival, but she still pitied the poor boy. His blue eyes pleaded. \"We could wait a couple days. Maybe for the investigation to die down a bit.\" She frowned. \"Oskar… I don't have a couple of days.\" He looked at her for a few moments. He knew that. His head hung in defeat. \"Okay.\" \"I'm sorry.\" He looked back up at her just as she put a hand on his cheek. She was always so cold. Not so much after feeding, but there was always a chill. He grabbed her hand and put it to his lips. She smelled funny again. He put a kiss on her ring fingertip, then let her hand drop. Her smile told him that she wanted to cry. It was kind of sad that she couldn't. Eli leaned up on her toes and kissed him. He was far too sweet for her. Her lips were so soft and cold. She lingered on it for a moment, then let herself back to the floor. He was blushing. It was always so obvious when he blushed, him being so pale. It was also so undeniably adorable. For someone with such a bitter life, Eli appreciated the nice things. Oskar knew what she was grinning at. He turned away, partly embarrassed, partly with a purpose. \"I'll make myself dinner.\" Eli kept grinning until it turned into a smirk. \"I'll be back in an hour or so.\" Tracking this one wasn't difficult at all. Like most of them, they just seemed to go about their merry way, or whatever way it was. She was young. No more than thirteen. Oh well, plenty more where that came from. She had a little curve in her, but mostly straight as an arrow. That time was horrendous for girls. She wouldn't have to worry about her troubles for long, though. She's probably thinking about a boy she likes. Maybe passed him a note in class today. Ha. Fucking dumb bitch. He probably shows no interest in her. He's probably after some curvy, big-tits, blonde bimbo ready for lay. He probably hasn't even noticed her. A noise. She turned, her eyes wide. She had brown eyes. Weird for a Swedish girl. Her nose was tiny, perked. She looked marvelously like an imp. She was looking this way. \"Hello?\" Like she'd get an answer. What stupidity. \"Is someone there?\" Yes. \"Hello?\" But you won't know. \"Who is out there?\" Until you're dead. She stayed silent. Then she turned again, walking away. The attack came swift. She screamed, but she was thrown against a tree, easily four yards away. Very light. She was bleeding from the head and sobbing. Oh joy. Their tears taste so sweet sometimes. She couldn't see quite so well. She was seeing stars, or rather, her eye cells dying. She got up and tried to stand. Not too good. Like a baby deer trying to walk. So clumsy, so funny. She fell to the ground. She was flipped over on her back and straddled. Her coat will be found in the tree above her, her blouse and bra would be found somewhere else, torn to shreds, and the rest of her clothes won't be found. Her blood stained the snow on the ground, and it looked so tasty. Stupid bitch is wasting it. A tongue ran along her cheek, savoring her tears. Mmm, so good. She screamed and writhed. Futile, but enjoyable. Her strength was no match, no good. Oh, she felt so good. Haven't had that in years. Finally, a sharp pain entered her neck. She screamed again, but it was muffled and gargling. Oh, God, that blood is so sweet. She must eat healthy. Her writhes and screams calmed down to no more than twitches and rasps. Almost done, sweetie. You don't have to amuse too much longer. Soon she was cold. Her brown eyes were a light chocolate now, wide and frightened. She would not get mercy. The Bastard would be sure of that. ","Summary":" \"Do you think they'll find us?\" \"I don't know. Do they usually?\" \"…No… Not like this.\" They w"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"The Farmer's Daughter","Author":"Countrylover99","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12218450","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Trying to write something else besides Seven Brides For Seven Brothers. If you haven't seen The Magnificent Seven, you should definitely watch it. And no, I don't mean the new version, I'm talking about the original remake of Seven Samurai. This story will be told from Petra's (young Mexican woman) point of view, as she finds herself drawn to Chico who is one of The Magnificent Seven. Me and the rest of the young women have been hiding in caves for almost two weeks now. I really missed the village. Sitting in those caves was like a torture for me. I didn't have the freedom to do as I pleased anymore. But papa and Sotero, who was the leader of our village said that it was necessary for us to hide from those crude and terrible men. It's a pity...first we have Calvera and now these new gunslingers. Even though, these men were hired to rid our village from the bandits, my father and the rest of the male villagers did not trust them so much. Especially, they didn't want us to appear in their presence. So, I spent most of my time hiding and being afraid. I didn't want Calvera to come upon me and the rest of the girls. And neither did I want those seven gunmen to discover us! I couldn't even attend the big festival that our village held once a year. We usually celebrated the founding of our small and yet wonderful village. I loved to dance and preform on that day, but this year, I spent the whole celebration in caves hiding together with other girls. Few times a week, our families would come and visit us, bringing us food, and other supplies that we'd be needing. I easily started getting bored. What if my father was wrong? Maybe these men, who were trying to help our village were different and they wouldn't harm us? My curiosity and desire to have a glimpse of them grew stronger and stronger day by day. One hot sunny afternoon, I sat a bit farther away from our cave and gazed in the distance. I hoped that soon I would be able to return to my own home and stop hiding. \"Petra!\" My amiga Rosalinda called out. \"Just come inside. It's dangerous! What if someone discovers us?\" \"Oh Rosa...don't start.\" I whinned. \"We've been hiding for so long. I can't live like this anymore. Let me enjoy this sunshine.\" I begged. \"Petra, you have this tendency to run off and explore things. Which worries us all.\" Rosalinda said sternly. \"If someone finds you...like Calvera or one of those men...it's over.\" \"Nothing's gonna happen.\" I insisted. \"Besides, I'm not going anywhere.\" Rosalinda shook her head. \"Dear sweet Petra, you know that we're just looking out for you. Right?\" I sighed heavily. \"I know, I know.\" They were worried and afraid...So was I. But this was getting out of hand! I couldn't stand to live in those caves any longer. I missed my parents and younger siblings very much. My little sister who was only eight stayed in the village. And all of the girls who were small like her were allowed to stay, and so could the women who were mothers. But the unmarried females aged fifteen and up, and the young women who did not yet have their own children, had to hide. So that those men, wouldn't touch and harm us. Just a month ago, I turned eighteen. I was no longer a little girl...but my parents and most of my amigas who were in their early twenties, treated me as if I was still a child. I knew how to protect myself and stand up for what I believed. \"Please, Rosalinda...let me stay outside.\" I asked softly and desperately as I sat on a nearby rock. Rosalinda took a deep breath. \"Oh alright, but don't go too far.\" She got up and walked towards the caves. I knew I promised her to stay...but I wasn't going to miss another beautiful day hiding and panicking. As soon as she was out of sight, I put my farmer's hat on and hid my long braids in it. Then I made my way towards the river and came down from the hills. The river in this region, was the only water close to my village. We would wash our clothes, bathe, and even drink from here. I was still wondering around, when I noticed a figure from a far. I quickly hid behind a large tree and tried to be as quiet as possible. I saw a man playfully challenging our village's old bull. \"Toro. Toro!\" I heard him say. He was wearing completely different clothes from what the man of our village wore. I couldn't really see his face clearly, but I did notice a gun hanging around his belt. A strange man, so close to my village, and with a gun? Well, I knew he wasn't one of the bandits of Calvera...and then it occurred to me: He is one of those hired men who are trying to help us. I hesitated to run away and hide again. I watched him as he gently played around with the animal. \"Come on little bull.\" He said and that made me laugh... He definitely didn't look like a bad or a scary person...rather than a young and fun-loving man. All was well, until I stepped on a wrong thing and made a cracking noise. This caught his attention and he quickly looked at my direction with a gun in his hand. That made me panic, and I quickly started making my way back to the hills. I ran as fast as I could and kept looking back, in order to make sure that he wasn't following me. So far...he was out of sight. Because I was so worried that he would come after me, my head was turned back, so when I accidentally bumped into something, I didn't see what or who it was at first. When I turned to face what was in front of me, I found myself caught by that man. My hat fell off and my long braids were down on my shoulders now. When he saw that, he eased back and stared in disbelief. Apparently, he didn't know that he was dealing with a girl. But I was afraid of him! So I didn't let the moment slip away. I quickly started hitting and slapping him violently. \"You do anything to me and I'll kill you while you're doing it!\" I exclaimed and slapped him hard. All my father's warnings came rushing back! How dangerous, cold-blooded, mean, and ruthless men like him were. \"You little chicken brain! You almost took my eye out!\" He said and grabbed my hands in order to stop me. \"Let me go. Let me go!\" I yelled and tried to break away by biting him. I had to do everything in order to protect myself. I wasn't giving up that easily. But he seized me strongly and I couldn't manage to get away from him. He pulled me close to him in anger and frustration. \"Oh, you bite me and I'll bite you right back!\" \"I got a good mind to throw you in the river.\" He added, while I kept struggling. \"I'll smash you with a rock! Cut your head off!\" I yelled at him. \"Shut up. Shut up!\" He shouted and held my hands down. \"Where are the others?\" The young man asked sternly. \"I'll never tell you.\" Was my final answer to him. Without another thought, he swung me over his shoulders and even grabbed my hat that fell off me. He took me towards his horse, but I kept fighting and struggling. For him I probably was light as a feather...He threw me over the animal...and quite soon I was draped like a piece of cloth on that horse. We started moving and he caught me strongly, so that I wouldn't fall off. My head was spinning already, and I wanted to throw up. From the looks of it he was taking me to my village. I recognized the area. Finally, the horse slowed down and we approached something. Because of the uncomfortable position and that terrible ride, I felt like I would vomit. \"Look what I found.\" Said the young man and pushed my down from the animal. I was presented in front of several other gunmen and some of the villagers. For some reason, all of them had shovels and were digging something. When they saw me, they all stopped. The gunmen had surprised expressions on their faces, while our village folk looked ashamed. \"Who is she?\" Asked the man dressed in black. I could already tell that he was the leader of the hired group. \"...she's from our village.\" Hilario answered quietly. The man in black clothes approached me and came closer. He looked quite intimidating. \"So that's where they were.\" He said. \"You hid them.\" \"Sure they hid them.\" Remarked the young and rude man who caught me. \"But she won't tell where. Their're afraid. She's afraid of me, you, him...all of us!\" He announced from his high horse. \"Farmers!\" He spat angrily. \"Their families told them we'd rape them.\" The young man was about to dump my hat on me, but I snatched it from him and glared at him with an evil expression. \"Well, we might.\" Said the intimidating man. \"In my opinion, though, you might have given us the benefit of the doubt. But... just as you please.\" He finished his speech with a very disappointed tone in his voice. \"As long as you were out there, why didn't you bring 'em all in?\" Asked another gunman with a peach colored shirt. He came up to me with a smile on his face. So far, he was the most pleasant and gentle one compared to the other two. \"What for? Leave them out there.\" Answered that rude young man from his high horse cynically. \"Let Calvera find them. He'll take good care of them.\" He added sarcastically. Oh how I wished to smack him in that moment. There was a brief awkward silence...but at last the leader turned and said to him. \"Bring them in.\" \"Show him the way.\" He told me. His calm and yet powerful voice made me realize that I had to obey them. I wanted to move towards the horse, but the man in peach colored shirt stood in front of me and raised his hat. \"Ma'am.\" He nodded. Before I understood what was happening, he swept me off my feet and I found myself in his arms. He helped me up on the horse, and I was taken by surprise with this act. The man gently motioned me that he wasn't trying to hurt me, while I circled my hands around the back of that proud fellow who found me earlier, as he snapped the animal into action. \"Come on, little angel.\" He said and we trotted away towards the hills. Well, that's it for the first chapter. Please leave reviews![Chapter 2] Chapter 2 The whole ride was very silent. When we approached the caves, he slowly eased his horse and I quickly climbed down from the animal. I didn't need his help, I could ride horses since I could walk. \"Where you think you're going?\" He asked when he saw me on the ground. \"You wanted to bring the others back, didn't ya?\" I replied with my head held high. \"Well, here we are.\" \"You were hiding in caves?\" He asked stunned. I did not give him an answer to that question. \"You wait here. I'll go and get them.\" I said and turned towards the caves. \"Farmers...\" I heard him mumble. Nevertheless, he obeyed and stayed while I ran off. The way he spat 'Farmers' made me angry! He didn't know what peasants like us had to risk in order to save our loved ones and our harvest. Who did he think he was? Just because he had been hired to help our village, didn't mean that he had right to make fun of us. \"Rosalinda! Maria! Julietta! Anita!\" I shouted as I entered the cave. \"Petra!\" Rosalinda rushed towards me and gave me a big hug. \"Oh gracias Dios! You're well!\" \"Where have you been?\" Asked Teresita worried. The other women circled me and started asking me many questions. \"Chicas, please.\" I finally managed to say. \"I'm alright, but there's been a change of plans.\" \"Change of plans?\" Repeated Rosalinda. I nodded. \"We must all go back to the village.\" \"What?!\" Asked Maria in shock. \"Why?\" \"It's the right thing to do.\" I spoke up and started getting my things. \"What about those men?\" Catalina questioned me. \"They won't harm us. Their're here to help our village.\" I said confidently. \"We must hurry now. Get your belongings! Let's not make him wait.\" The women started around and got their things. I saddled the few donkeys that we had for transportation, and helped Serena and Anita up on them. \"Petra, do you mean to say that one of those men are here?\" Rosalinda asked surprised. \"Si, that's right! So hurry!\" I exclaimed. In few minutes all of us women were ready to leave, when we exited the caves I led them towards the young man. When he saw us, his jaw almost dropped. \"Would you look at that...and here I was, thinking that the village had no women.\" He told me in shock as I approached him. He cleared his throat and announced to us all. \"I am not here to hurt you...and neither will my good comrades. Be grateful that we're protecting you and risking our lives for you! Now follow me, I will lead you back to the village.\" We all listened to him quietly and as he started his horse we followed him. Some of the women were riding donkeys, but I wasn't. I walked besides Rosalinda and we followed the man by foot. \"You know, he's handsome.\" Rosa whispered in my ear. I smiled and kept walking. For the first time, it occurred to me that maybe my father was wrong about them...maybe I was wrong about him. Back in the village, I convinced the other girls to make a nice dinner for the seven gunmen. It was the least we could do for what they were doing for us. I didn't realize this earlier...but the young man's speech touched me. After all, they were indeed risking their lives for us. As I cooked together with Rosalinda and Julietta, I found out lots of information about the seven men from my little brother Rodrigo and from Hilario. Hilario and two other villagers were the very men who went to the border to buy guns and they came upon Chris and Vin. The intimidating man in black was apparently the leader of the seven. His name was Chris and it was HE who decided to help us and formed the group. Vin was that gentle man with peach colored shirt who helped me up on a horse. Bernardo was my brother's personal favourite member of the group. He told me how fatherly and understanding he was. Rodrigo called him his hero. I heard from Hilario that Britt was an expert with a knife. Then there was quiet and finely dressed Lee. Santos had told me that Harry was really funny and friendly man. Lastly, I found out about Chico, the young man who caught me by the river. Hilario told me that at first he was inexperienced, proud, and ambitious. So Chris didn't want him to join his group, however he had managed to prove himself to him and showed everyone that he was very clever and an excellent fighter. The food was almost ready, and I told Hilario to gather the seven men for dinner. \"That's very generous.\" I overheard Chris talking with Hilario outside. I could recognize his voice because it was very powerful. \"...but I'm afraid I won't join the dinner. Give my portion to the villagers.\" What a nice man he was. I didn't realize that he would be so kind to leave the food to us. \"Petra, hurry! What's taking you so long?\" Catalina entered the kitchen and took the bowl of rice with her. I quickly got the plate of guacamole and exited the kitchen. I came up to the table were the men waited. Chris and Bernardo were both absent. I approached Chico, who was way too busy to notice me. I served the food to him but he didn't even look up...as if I was invisible or something. He didn't even say thank you, or neither did he give me a grateful nod...nothing! He sure was rude! I narrowed my eyes at him and tried to catch his attention. At last I angrily dumped another spoon of guacamole and beans on his plate. The food almost hit his face when I threw it. And only then, did Chico look up with a confused expression on his face. \"I can't tell you how wonderful it was for you senoritas to fix dinner for us.\" The pleasant Vin Tanner told me kindly. I returned a small polite smile to him, served the other men, and exited the cabin. I went outside and gazed up at the bright moon. Oh why was I so upset that Chico did not care about my existence? Why was I so desperate to catch his attention? What was happening to me? I never felt like that with other men before... Sure, he really was handsome...but he was also proud and rude! Everytime Senior Tanner saw me, his eyes would lit up with happiness. He would try to make some conversation with me and was always so kind and pleasant. But why did I wish for Chico to be like that with me? I was in my deep and confused thoughts when my younger brother Rodrigo shook me back to reality. \"Petra!\" He yelled anxiously. \"Por Dios Rodrigo! Why are you yelling?\" I asked him annoyed. \"Senior Bernardo and his amigos are sharing their food with us!\" He exclaimed eagerly. My eyes widened as I saw my brother run off towards their lodge and bunch of other children from our village followed him. Afterwards, Hilario and Santos came by. They had proud expressions on their faces. \"Hilario, what's going on?\" I asked, still not sure what on earth was happening. \"Those seniors are such great men.\" He answered me happily. \"They've decide to share their dinner with our villagers.\" Santos added anxiously. We haven't been eating really well lately...in fact most of the village was starving. This morning me and my family shared few meager beans like we always did...and that's it! We wouldn't eat anything till the next morning. It was alright for adults, but children were always so hungry. Calvera would take most of our harvest, but he would leave few things to us, so that we could survive. Sotero - the village's leader thought that we should preserve our food for needy times. The dinner we made for the seven gumen consisted of all the food from our village . But we thought that they deserved a proper 'thank you' from us. However, I would have never imagined that all of them would give our children their meal. I was really touched...and also ashamed that we thought they would harm us. I made my way back to my cottage, when suddenly I heard a familiar voice. I turned around to see who it was and found myself staring at Chico's soft brown eyes. \"Here, eat this.\" He told me uncomfortably and passed his plate. \"That's alright. I-\" I started \"I know that you've been starving.\" Chico interrupted me. \"Take it.\" \"I'm telling you I don't want it.\" I insisted bit frustrated. I was still upset with him for his crude behavior at the table. Chico grabbed me by the shoulders sternly yet gently. \"Stop being so stubborn! Look at you! You haven't been eating normally for days!\" He exclaimed at me. \"Let me go!\" I declared and pushed him away from me. \"Why do you always do that?\" Chico questioned me. \"I'm not going to hurt you! I care about all of ya, alright?\" At this I realized that it would be useless to argue with him. So I took the plate from him. \"That's better.\" He said with a smirk. \"Eat up, little angel.\" I shot him a dirty look and then turned towards my house. \"Petra.\" I told him. Chico looked at me questionably. \"My name is Petra.\" I repeated and quickly entered the lodge and bolted the door behind me. \"So he does care about me!\" I told myself and kept smiling like a fool. There was no denying that Chico was proud and maybe rough around the edges, but he was kind and sweet inside. I became sure that this time my father, and all of us villagers for that matter, were very wrong![Chapter 3] Note: I'm adding few things in my story. In the movie, Vin Tanner (one of the seven) really wanted to find a wife and settle down. We see how he wonders were the girls of the village are, and how eager he is to get either Petra or one of the other women's attentions. In my story I will hint his attraction to Petra little more than what's shown in the film. Sort of like a love triangle between Chico, Petra, and Vin. Anyway, on to the rest of the story. Chapter 3 As the weeks passed, the seven gunmen helped us build lots of new walls around our village for protection, they trained our men to fight, and kept teaching them how to use guns. Me and the rest of the women, also learned defensive skills from the gunslingers. Let's just say, we were getting ready to face Calvera and his men. The big preparation continued, while I helped my mother and neighbors with their chores. My job was mostly washing and cooking. As the days passed, I became more determined to find out just what these seven men were like. I wanted to get to know them well. My little brother told me all about Bernardo O'Reilly. He was apparently, half Mexican and from the looks of it, he knew how to get along with children. Every little kid in our village, simply loved him. And that fact alone made me like him very much. His caring and understanding smile got everyone happy and excited. Chris was the perfect definition of a leader. Very stoic, serious, brave, courageous, and determined. Everytime he passed by, I looked at him in admiration. Britt, the amazing gunman and the expert with a knife, didn't talk much. He was always around the village, helping us with everything he could. But he wasn't really much of a talker. Whenever he saw me or other women, he would nod politely at us and continue minding his business. Lee, the elegantly dressed man, looked like a perfect southern gentleman. He seemed very mysterious and maybe bit complex. He spent most of his time in his cabin and made appearances only when it was necessary. Harry was the opposite of Britt and Lee. He was loud, fun-loving, playful, entertaining, and often joked around. Everyone loved to play games with him. In the evening, most of our male villagers would gather around to have fun with Senior Harry Luck. I often wanted to join them, but none of the other women wanted to 'fool' around as they put it. Going there alone, would make me stand out and that's the last thing I wanted. Besides, I wasn't even invited. Vin Tanner was very gentle and pleasant especially, with me. Everytime I walked by him, or did my chores around his presence, I noticed how his blue eyes would light up with excitement. He often gazed at me with a smile across his face. I started realizing that I had a special place in his heart. However, my attention was mostly always on Chico. I don't know why, but I found him extremely attractive and interesting. Even though, he tried to act tough and often put on his serious look, I would notice how he smirked and smiled when he would see me walk by. One afternoon, I finished gathering the corn from our harvest and placed them in the basket. I found it to be quite heavy, and unfortunately, Rosalinda, or any of the other women for that matter weren't present. Just me, and few feet away Santos and Miguel had finished their lesson with Vin and Britt for the day. I asked Santos to lend a hand to me, but neither he or Miguel heard me. They were too thrilled with their accomplishments to even notice me. I became a little frustrated at that, but suddenly I heard tough and yet gentle voice. \"Let me, seniorita.\" I turned around and found myself staring at Vin Tanner's sky blue eyes. They sparkled like stars. I blushed and quickly dropped my gaze. \"Um, no senior. It's fi-\" I started hesitantly. However, I was interrupted when Vin grabbed the basket from my hands and started walking towards the village. \"Gracias senior.\" I managed to say. \"Not a trouble miss. It's actually, ...my pleasure.\" He told me softly with a genuine smile. When he finished helping me, I nodded politely and blushed again. He kept gazing at me with his bright beautiful eyes. \"Thank you very much.\" I finally blurted out. \"De nada.\" He answered softly and gently wiped the dirt from my cheek. \"There, all better.\" He finished. The special moment was stopped when Harry joined us with his cheerful disposition. \"Vin, what's holding you up? Chris is waiting!\" When he noticed me, he grinned brightly. \"Oh, I see. This pretty seniorita is holding you up.\" He winked at Vin, and I noticed how annoyed Vin became. \"I'm sorry. I believe it's my fault.\" I said uncomfortably. \"Oh no. How can anyone blame anything to a little angel like you?\" Harry complimented me. I blushed and remembered that Chico nicknamed me 'little angel.' Although, I was irritated at first, soon enough, I realized how cute it sounded. \"Enough flirting.\" Vin stated to Harry and pushed him. \"Hey, wait a minute Mister! You started it!\" Harry objected. I couldn't help but laugh at the two. \"Alright, you both need to go. I also have other things to do.\" \"Of course.\" Harry agreed and Vin nodded. \"Your name is...?\" Harry wondered. \"Petra!\" Me and Vin exclaimed at the same time. When Vin realized that, he smiled gently. \"Right, Petra!\" Harry repeated. \"Dear seniorita Petra, I would be pleased if you'd join us in our card games at the village's bar this evening.\" \"Oh, I...I don't kno-\" I started dumbfounded with this request. \"Come on. It'll be fun! We need some female company as well. Everyone is welcome.\" Harry continued his request. \"Harry, if the lady doesn't want, just leave her be.\" Vin told him irritated. \"No, no. I do!\" I exclaimed. \"Gracias senior Harry! I'd be happy to join you!\" \"Wonderful, my dear!\" Harry said excitingly. \"Don't worry, we'll respect your presence and won't drink any alcohol.\" With that, he turned away and Vin followed him slowly, he kept gazing and smiling at me. When the two men were out of sight, I noticed Chico from a far. Apparently, he was watching the three of us. When our eyes met, he nodded with a boyish smirk and I turned towards my lodge. I was actually very excited for the evening! But there was one problem...my father.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 The evening was approaching, as I brushed my little sister Rita's hair. Afterwards, I started braiding her dark locks. Papa was out gathering the harvest, mama had just entered the house, while my brother Rodrigo was again in senior Bernardo's company, together with his friends. I sighed with a little frown. I didn't know what to do. Should I sneak out from my house, or ask my parents to let me go? My thoughts troubled me so much, that I couldn't even hear that my mother had asked me a question. \"Petra!\" She exclaimed again and made me jump. \"Oh, sorry! Yes, mama.\" I answered startled. \"I asked you a question. Where is Rodrigo?\" She said bit irritated. I shrugged unsure of what to say. \"Probably, with senior Bernardo.\" My brother was a mighty mischievous kid. First he was in your sight, and the next thing you knew, he was gone. He often wondered around and dreamed of becoming a gunfighter just like those seven men. My mother shook her head in disapproval but didn't say anything. She made us a squashed bean soup. Rita happily climbed on a chair and began eating from her bowl. \"Mama, when will papa come home?\" I asked at the small dinner table as the three of us ate. \"Late my dear...pretty late.\" She answered softly and kissed my forehead. \"I will go and find your brother now, he needs to eat something.\" Ma said after a while and stood up. \"You two can go and rest now.\" Little Rita nodded and yawned. She was already sleepy and tired. But I wasn't. I wanted to join senior Harry's game nights. I decided to come up with an excuse to leave the house. I didn't have another choice. \"Mama, I will...um...spend some time with Rosalinda.\" I said bit hesitantly. She lifted her eyebrow, but before my mother could answer I interrupted her. \"I'll be back soon. It's a promise.\" She looked at me in silence, as I pleaded with her with my expressions. \"Oh, alright! But be safe and come back soon.\" She answered finally. I shrieked happily and hugged my mother tightly. \"Gracias mama! Gracias!\" I exclaimed and rushed out of the house very excited. When I entered our village's small bar, I was expecting a playful music, lots of people and laughing men. But instead, I found out that the place was almost empty. It was quiet and silent. I saw Harry sitting at the small table, he had a cigar in his mouth. Next to him sat our villager and a good friend Hilario. Vin and Britt were seated at the front, obviously very involved in the card game. When I approached them, Vin was the first one to notice me. He quickly stood up and that made others turn around. \"Petra, I'm so glad that you came!\" Harry greeted me happily as he gestured for me to sit down. \"As you can see, we're bit lonely tonight.\" He added with a grin. \"Most of the village folk was quite tired today, Chris and Chico are out finishing up few things, Bernardo is spending some quality time with the kids. I believe your brother is amongst them, and Lee...well, Lee is just...Lee\" I nodded with a small smile. \"I understand.\" \"Well, I believe you already know Hilario\" Harry said with a goofy expression as he tried to play the host. I let out a giggle. \"Of course!\" Exclaimed Hilario. \"Petra is like a daughter to me.\" I smiled at Hilario. He was such kind and bold man. If it weren't for him, we wouldn't have magnificent seven gunmen defending us. It was because of his boldness and courageous idea that we finally decided to protect ourselves and stand up to Calvera. \"Alright, so this here is Britt.\" Harry continued Britt nodded quietly at me with a small smile tucking his lips. \"And you must know Vin Tanner, right? Harry beamed as I looked at Vin whose eyes were now brighter than ever. \"Yes, I do.\" I answered softly. \"It's wonderful to have you here.\" Vin said happily. I blushed and sat in between Hilario and Harry. Next to Harry sat Britt, and then Vin. \"You know, most of the women are still bit afraid of us.\" Harry started. \"I wish they were as bold as you.\" He winked at me. \"That's because they don't know you well.\" I answered confidently. Hilario nodded in agreement. \"Let's give them time. Soon enough, everyone will warm up to you.\" Hilario announced. \"Yes, I believe so.\" Harry answered. \"Anyway, Petra. We were teaching your friend here,\" he motioned towards Hilario\"...card game named Big Two. Would you like to join us?\" \"I'd love that.\" I beamed happily. So thus I found myself sitting with the men I used to be scared of. They taught me the rules of the game. If I wouldn't understand something, Hilario explained things to me in Spanish. I got the hang of it quite soon. After that, we decided to play together and test out our new skills. Britt, Harry, and Vin were great teachers, they had so much patience with us. I had never played cards before...so I was very excited and yet very unsure of what to do. Hilario and I finally understood the concept of the game and Britt started shuffling. \"Place your bet Seniores and Seniorita.\" Britt spoke up while dealing out the cards \"What do we bet?\" I asked \"Since we aren't very rich yet, we'll bet little pebbles.\" Harry joked around and placed in a single pebble, followed by Vin, Hilario, Britt, and I. So far Harry was winning, I had one pebble left and so did Vin. \"I raise it to three\" Hilario said confidently. \"I raise to all my winnings!\" Harry cried excited. \"Being bit cocky, now aren't we?\" Britt laughed and pushed his pebbles to the center. It was my turn now, and everyone looked at me. I didn't have any pebbles left so I took off my bracelet and placed it in the pile. Vin smiled at me, and he too placed his silver ring in the center. \"Alrighty, then.\" Answered Harry as he put his pocket watch in the center as well. I took a deep breath and looked at my hand. I had a 2, Jack, King, and Ace of Clubs = a ROYAL FUSH! Since we were playing deuce, I could use that 2 for the 10. I tried so hard not to smile and contain my excitement. \"Any last bets?\" Vin asked. Everyone shook their heads. The boys laid down their cards at last. Vin had three of 3's, Britt had four of 5's, Hilario had two of 2's, and Harry had a full house of two 4's and three 7's. I grinned. \"Royal Flush!\" I exclaimed and scooped up my winnings, as the boys groaned. \"Damn you're good!\" Britt chuckled. \"Such a fast learner.\" Vin flushed me a grin. \"I lost all my winnings!\" Harry whinned, as I smiled back with a mischievous look. \"That's why you shouldn't invite girls...they'll destroy you.\" Hilario joked around. \"So, what do we do now?\" Harry asked. Before I could open my mouth and suggest something, the door opened and Chris together with Chico entered. \"Chris, Chico! Join us!\" Harry cried out happily. Chris walked closer towards us, obviously tired from the big day. When he saw me he smiled kindly and tipped his hat. \"Seniorita, you're here too?\" \"Yes, I invited her!\" Harry exclaimed. \"Turns out she's a fast learner when it comes to card games. I lost all my winnings!\" Chris chuckled and I could see Chico smiling in the corner. \"Well, I'm glad you're having a good time.\" Chris said with his powerful voice. \"We aren't as scary anymore, right?\" Chico joined in with a smirk. \"Depends on who you're talking about.\" I answered sarcastically. That caused Chico to raise his eyebrows bit surprised. Harry and Vin laughed out loud. \"See, that's what I call a sassy lady.\" Harry said still laughing. Chico rolled his eyes and sat in the corner, while Chris turned towards the door. \"I'll go rest a bit.\" Chris said. \"We have a long day ahead of us, tomorrow. Are you ready for the training, Hilario?\" \"Yes, senior.\" He answered confidently. \"Buenos noches.\" Chris told us with a small nod. \"Chico, you take care of that wound, alright?\" He said before exiting. \"What happened to you?\" Vin asked Chico. I looked straight at him and saw blood dripping from his chest. \"Oh, nothing! Just a scratch.\" He said and waved Vin's comment away. \"It looks serious. You should take care of it as senior Chris said.\" Hilario told him. Chico took a deep breath, clearly annoyed with all the concerns. \"I'm fine.\" \"Leave the lad.\" Harry spoke up. But I couldn't stand and watch him bleed and act like a tough man. I got up and filled the basin of warm water, took few bandages that we kept aside in the bar and came up to Chico, who looked at me startled. \"What?\" He asked \"Come with me.\" I told him softly. Before he could protest, Vin and Britt gave him a look, which made him obey. He slowly got up and followed me, as I led him out of the bar and towards the small quarters. Once in a private area, I motioned to him to sit down on the nearby chair. He was hesitant at first, but nevertheless obeyed. \"So, should I take my shirt off or...?\" Chico asked all of a sudden. My eyes widened with his proposal. \"I...um, I guess so. I mean, let me see the wound.\" I answered feeling uneasy. \"Alright.\" He sighed and started unbuttoning his shirt confidently. I felt the heat in the room beginning to grow. Oh Dios, what am I doing? I thought. I was in a room all alone with a man who was undressing. My father would not be happy about this! I took a deep breath and turned to him when he finally got rid of the shirt. He looked so handsome! I sat near him and dipped the material in the basin of water. I slowly and gently began to whipe blood from his right chest. The wound was not very deep, but still needed some mending. \"How did this happen?\" I asked softly. \"When I was splitting the wood. It's nothing big. I'll live.\" Chico answered with a smirk across his face. He tried to act and look tough with me. I gently put on a lotion on his skin and then wrapped the bandages on his body. He stared at me silently for a while. \"You're good at this.\" He remarked I gazed up at him and nodded. \"Thank you.\" \"Where did you learn to be a nurse?\" He asked teasingly after I finished. \"When you're family and friends are constantly oppressed by men like Calvera, this becomes useful.\" I answered with a far off look. Indeed they were times when Calvera and his men would shoot our villagers and sometimes...kill them. I shut my eyes, wanting to forget the horrible memories. \"I'm sorry.\" Chico said quietly. \"And thank you, Petra\" Finally, he said my name and did not call me by the nickname he had given me. \"He knows my name!\" I exclaimed sarcastically. \"Yes, but that doesn't mean I'll stop calling you little angel.\" He winked at me with a mischievous expression. Chico put on his shirt back and both of us walked back to where Harry, Vin, Hilario, and Britt were. \"So, how's the patient?\" Harry asked when he saw us. \"I'm all good, thanks to little angel here.\" Chico answered playfully and looked at me with a teasing smile. I tried not to pay attention to his jokes. Why was he so cute? And why did my heart begin to skip? This wasn't right at all! I should stay away from him. \"I should go now. It's getting late.\" I announced uncomfortably. \"Well, it was great to have you here.\" Harry told me. \"Not only you're an excellent poker player, but also a wonderful nurse.\" I blushed and smiled at him. \"You're too kind Mr. Harry. I had a good time!\" \"Oh, none of that stuff! Call me Harry.\" I nodded as I got ready to leave. I handed Harry his pocket watch that I had won. \"No, that's yours now.\" He protested. \"No, I won't use it. Please, take it back.\" I begged. He sighed and took back his pocket watch. I smiled. \"That's better.\" I told him softly. I walked up to Vin who stood aside and gazed at me with his beautiful sky blue eyes. \"Here's your ring\" I said as I was about to step outside. \"Keep it.\" He answered gently. \"No, I couldn't, it's your ring.\" \"But you won it. So keep it.\" He stared at me. \"Are you sure?\" I stared back. \"Absolutely! In fact, I insist.\" He smiled. \"Thank you!\" I answered clasping the ring into my hand. I noticed Chico's eyes sinking in sadness, and my heart went out to him. When our eyes met he quickly averted his gaze. \"Come on Petra, I will take you home.\" Hilario said and we both exited, wishing the gunmen a good night. I would love your feedback! So don't be shy to leave reviews! Do you like the story so far?[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 It was a hot August day, when Rosalinda and I were helping the rest of the villagers in gathering harvest. It was really sunny and hot outside but most of us were used to it. However, I noticed that the seven gunmen, especially Bernardo and Harry became so hot from the heat that they even took their shirts off. That caused most of the village's women to blush and avoid them. The two of them were working together with our menfolk, trying to build walls and what not. I kept minding my business, when Rosalinda motioned me something. I turned around and noticed my father approaching. \"Morning father!\" I told him happily and we embraced in a hug. \"Come sweetheart, I want to talk with you.\" My father said gently. I nodded and the two of us walked away from the public area and stood aside. \"Yes, papa?\" My father took a deep breath and gave me an uncomfortable smile. \"Petra, where were you the other day?\" He asked suddenly. I had a confused expression on my face. \"Which day, papa? What are you even talking about?\" \"Petra, don't play these games with me!\" Father exclaimed sternly. \"You know very well what I'm talking about.\" My eyes widened and the look of realization crossed my mind. \"I don't like your friendship with those men. Stay away from them, alright?\" My father whispered gently and nodded at Britt who was passing by. When Britt was out of side my papa continued in a low tone. \"They are dangerous, Petra. You don't realize that now, but soon you will.\" \"Papa, how can you talk like this? They're good men! They're here to help us!\" I answered anxiously. \"That doesn't mean that they aren't dangerous!\" My father exclaimed sternly. \"You must stay away from them!\" \"But what about Rodrigo? He always spends time with Bernardo and you don't mind.\" I told him with a disappointed tone. \"Rodrigo is a boy, and you are a young woman. Don't you see the difference?\" \"No I don't.\" I answered annoyed. \"Petra, I beg you. Listen to me!\" My father put his hands on my shoulders and gently pulled me close. \"Stay away from them. They are brutes, ill-mannered, tough, and brash men.\" \"But-\" I started. \"Petra, will you do that for me?\" He asked softly. \"Will you stay away from them?\" Arguing with my father was pointless, and I couldn't resist his pleads. \"Alright father, I will stay away from them. I sighed with a frown. \"Is it a promise?\" He asked \"Yes, it's a promise.\" I answered sadly. My father pulled me into a tight hug and kissed my forehead. After that, we both returned to our daily chores. And from that moment on, I decided to do everything I could and honour the promise I gave to my father. I would always stay away from those seven men...including Chico who made my heart flatter everytime I saw him. As the days passed, I continued my activities with the other girls. Whenever Harry tried to approach me and say something, I would mingle with the other women and answer bit coldly with few words. He invited me to his game night almost everyday, but I kept declining. Moreover, I tried my best to avoid every one of them. Rosalinda, Silvia, and I were heading towards the river to wash few clothes, when Vin Tanner noticed me from a far, he came closer and greeted me. I nodded bit coldly yet again and kept walking. I did see his confused expression. I wish I could explain to them, why I wasn't as friendly as before. But that little voice in my head kept telling me to forget about them and just ignore. My heart would drop sadly at the thought of Chico. I wish I could see him again. Me and the women washed most of the clothes that we had brought and folded them nicely in a basket. Silvia and Rosalinda got ready to leave the river, but I lingered. \"Petra?\" Asked Rosalinda whom I always called Rosa. I turned to face her with a small smile tucking my lips. \"Is something wrong?\" She asked concerned. I shook my head and waved her comment. \"I'm fine. I'll catch up with you two.\" Rosa nodded hesitantly, but followed Silvia. I on the other hand, sat down on small rock and continued looking at the river. Why couldn't I be free? Why do I have to follow these rules? I had so much fun with Harry and his friends at the card game. I learned new things and heard few stories from different perspectives. I was so tired of the same old village life. I wanted a change...perhaps an adventure. My brother was allowed to run off and do whatever he wanted, but what about me? I felt like I would sound silly...however, I secretly envied men. They could do whatever they wanted and get away with it. Oh how I wished to be a boy. My thoughts were suddenly interrupted, when I noticed something disgusting on my right leg. I shrieked in terror when I saw a horrible snake. Before I could do anything, it bit me and disappeared like a ghost. I let out a cry and started shaking with fear. Maybe it was poisonous. I looked around to see if anyone was around, but no...just me. \"He-help!\" I gasped and started drifting away, however all of a sudden, I was swept off my feet and found myself in the arms of Chico. \"Hey, look at me!\" He said and tried to wake me up. \"You're alright.\" \"My leg...\" I mumbled. \"...snake.\". I had a blurry vision and felt like fainting. Chico looked around, placed me down gently in a safe zone, and started treating my right leg. \"Stay calm, little angel.\" He told me softly. \"You have to remain as still as possible to keep the venom from spreading.\" My head was getting dizzy my hands started to shake and I noticed sweat on my body. Yes, the snake was definitely poisonous. Chico quickly ripped the parts of his shirt, he let the bite bleed freely for few seconds and then started sucking the venom with his mouth. I whimpered in pain. \"You'll be alright, you'll be alright.\" He assured me sweetly. Then I felt him wrapping a material around my leg and tightening it. He grabbed me close and picked me up in his arms. \"Don't fall asleep. Look at me!\" He exclaimed. I nodded, but my vision was very blurry and I felt like I had a fever. In no time, I found myself in the village and everyone circled us. \"What's wrong with her?\" I heard a deep voice asking. Must have been Chris. \"Snakebite.\" Replied Chico quickly and led me towards the infirmary. I didn't understand much of what was happening, all I could think... it was so warm and wonderful to be near him. I would gladly die like this. He laid me down on a small bed and our village's experienced doctor came in. He looked at the bite and then turned to Chico. \"Good job.\" \"She'll be fine, right?\" He asked concerned. \"For the looks of it, the snake wasn't really poisonous. She'll definitely live.\" The doctor said kindly. I tried to fight it, but as soon as I found myself on a soft bed and realized that it was okay to fall asleep. I closed my eyes and let the slumber overtake me. Rate & Review! Thank you in advance to everyone. New chapters will be up soon![Chapter 6] Chapter 6 \"Wake up sweetheart.\" I heard my mother's soft voice, as I opened my eyes wide. The sun was directly shining in my face and I slowly set up on my bed. \"Mama?\" I asked, still not sure if I was no longer dreaming. \"Si, mi hija.\" She replied softly and touched my forehead gently. \"You're alright.\" The memories of the previous day rushed back into my mind. The snake bite, my dizziness, unconsciousness, the heat, and most importantly, Chico. He was the one who saved me and brought me back to the village. \"Chico...\" I mumbled unsure. \"...he brought me back?\" My mother's caring and soft expression hardened a little bit. \"Yes, he saved you.\" My heart almost jumped out of my chest. \" I must thank him now!\" I exclaimed and got up from the bed, but in no time, my mother grabbed my hand in order to stop me. \"Petra, don't be foolish!\" I looked at her bit surprised and stunned. \"Mama?\" \"Yes, he did save you, and your father and I thanked him already.\" My mother answered strictly. \"But you still need stay away from him, alright?\" \"Oh Dieos,\" I started annoyed. \"What's wrong with you? I'll just thank him.\" As I was still speaking with my mother, papa entered the lodge carrying my favorite desserts. \"How's my baby girl?\" He asked joyfully, but my irritated expression made him stiff. \"Papa, why can't I thank Chico for saving my life?\" I asked anxiously. \"Who says that you can't thank him?\" He answered and glared at mama. \"You said so yourself, Umberto!\" Mama replied angrily. \"No, I didn't say that.\" My father said calmly and kissed my forehead. \"If you feel much better and want to thank that young man, please go and do so.\" I raised my eyebrows in disbelief. \"Really?\" He nodded and hugged me close. \"Thanks to him my beautiful daughter is alive and well. So of course you should thank him...It's an absolute must!\" What was happening to my papa? He was acting so different. But then again, I was bitten by a snake and if it weren't for Chico, who knows what would happen to me. \"Bueno...\" I spoke up after a little pause. \"Then I'll go and thank him. I feel much better now and my leg doesn't hurt at all.\" \"Petra, you're still little weak.\" My mother protested and searched my father's eyes for help. \"No, let the girl go. Doctor Julio said that everything's alright now.\" My papa announced with a grin. I grinned happily. \"Really, I'm fine.\" I assured mama. \"I'll thank Chico and then rest again.\" \"Of course.\" Papa nodded. \"But remember, everything will go back to normal afterwards. I don't want you to continue friendship with those men. No matter what they did for my daughter. They still remain dangerous men.\" And just like that...I realized that papa was a same person. My stomach dropped for a second, but then I nodded. \"Yes, I remember.\" \"Good.\" I found Chico sitting outside our village's bar together with Vin and Harry. When the men noticed me they immediately stood up and tipped their hats. \"Seniorita Petra,\" Vin spoke gently as his beautiful eyes sparkled. \"I'm so glad to see you.\" I blushed and smiled. \"Gracias.\" My eyes met Chico's as we gazed at each other. \"I came to thank you.\" I told him softly. A small grin escaped his lips as he neared me. \"Are you feeling better?\" He asked bit concerned. Most of the time, Chico played the serious type of person and tried to imitate his older comrades. However, he was so sweet and cute when he was concerned and when he cared. \"Yes, I'm so much better. Thanks to you.\" I answered him gently and averted my eyes from him. Before Chico could continue to speak, Harry cut in. \"That's great! By the way, we'd love to play cards with you again this evening. You have yet to loose with me.\" Harry told me playfully and winked at me. The idea seemed so exciting and fun for me, but then I remembered what I promised to papa. \"Thank you, but I'm afraid I won't be able to come.\" I answered his with a sad expression. Harry frowned a bit, while Vin gazed at me questionably. Chico on the other hand, came closer and placed a hand over my shoulder. I blushed hard and I could feel butterflies in my stomach. \"That's alright. Just rest today.\" He told me with a small smirk. \"Oh yes, Chico's right. You should rest.\" Vin agreed with a smile tucking on his lips. \"Perhaps, you can join us tomorrow? Or after tomorrow...\" Harry wondered. \"No, you don't understand...\" I answered nervously. \" I will never join you!\" I snapped at them. The three young men stared at me dumbfounded. \"Pardon?\" Vin was the first one to speak. \"We're not friends.\" I said with regret, trying hard to obey my father. \"I just came here to thank you, and now that I have done it, everything has to go back to normal.\" \"Normal?\" Harry repeated sounding clueless. I could see the saddened expression on poor Vin Tanner's face; he probably understood what I was referring to, but decided to keep silent. Chico however, was angry. I noticed his flushed face...he felt so insulted. \"Farmers.\" He murmured and shook his head. \"No matter what we do, they're always afraid like chickens!\" He spat furiously. \"We come here, my comrades and I, to help you out and you hide from us like cowards!\" \"Chico, I-\" I stuttered, but was quickly interrupted by him. \"I know what she means by 'everything will go back to normal'!\" He turned to Harry. \"She'll continue avoiding us like the rest of the village women!\" Vin tried to calm Chico down, by putting a hand on his shoulder but he shook it off from him. \"After everything that happened, I expected better from you!\" Chico turned to me, hurt and resentment was evident on his handsome face. \"Please Chico, under-\" I pleaded, but once again, I was interrupted. \"Spare me your apologies! They mean nothing to me!\" He exclaimed angrily and with that, he took off wanting nothing to do with me. There was a brief silence between the remaining two men and me. In few minutes they also, with sad expressions and disappointment, followed after their friend. \"Don't worry, Miss Petra, we won't annoy you anymore.\" Vin told me before leaving. His voice was soft and gentle compared to Chico's, but oh, how I felt the anguish behind his calm words. I myself felt so sad for offending these men. After all, they continued risking our lives for us and kept protecting us from Calvera. Chico saved my life and I owed it to him. Yet, most of the villagers remained ignorant towards them, including my parents. I couldn't hold it anymore and with a sad sigh, I started crying bitterly. If only things were different. Hurting Chico and his friends was the last thing I wanted. Why was he getting under my skin? What was happening to me? Thank you to those who read and reviewed this story. I'm sorry for such a late update! Please, if you're enjoying it let me know and I'll post new chapters sooner. Thanks again![Chapter 7] Hey guys, I'm back on writing this story. Don't be shy to leave reviews! And yes, I decided to change up the story title. I believe this suits the story better! Chapter 7 It was a lovely sunny afternoon, and I had finished most of my chores, so I decided to use my free time and do something interesting. My leg had healed completely, and it's been three weeks since I last interacted with the hired gunslingers. The training continued as our men from the village got the hang of firing guns and standing their ground, thanks to the seven hired experts. My heart sank every time I thought back on the argument I had with Chico. He was so angry and hurt. And poor Vin Tanner...breaking his heart was the last thing I wanted. Honestly, I should've explained everything to them. It wasn't that I was scared or anything, I just obeyed my father and respected his wishes. Even though, I wanted to occupy myself with something fun, my thoughts kept me busy and I couldn't take my mind off of those men...especially, Chico. He was impulsive, quite young, and temperamental...he wasn't a gentleman! Sure, he was here to help us defend our village, but that was it! Why on earth did I fancy him? I mentally kicked myself for thinking about him again! This was getting out of hand and needed to stop! I shook my head and growled in frustration. Why were things so complicated?! Why couldn't I just forget about him. Besides, Chico probably hated me right now. He had saved my life from that snake bite, and this was how I replayed him? By saying that I was still afraid of him and his comrades?! At least the river in front of me was calm and beautiful. I was sitting at the edge of the water and couldn't decide what was more lovely, the sweet breeze or the quiet river. Probably both! \"Petra.\" I heard a familiar voice, that startled me in that moment. I turned around, only to find blue eyed Vin gazing at me. When he noticed my nervousness he took a step back. \"I won't hurt you. I just want to talk for a minute.\" My stomach dropped from sadness because of his cold tone. \"I know that you won't hurt me.\" I responded sharply. \"If you want to speak, go on...please.\" Vin knitted his eyebrows. \"Then why are you hiding from us? You and all your female friends?\" He asked bitterly, and walked towards me. \"Do you really believe that we'll rape you? Is that what you really think?\" He questioned desperately. \"No! Of course not!\" I exclaimed, and stood up. \"That's what our family believes.\" \"But you don't?\" Vin blinked in surprise. \"I'm just obeying my father's wishes.\" I answered confidently. \"He doesn't trust you especially, when it comes to me.\" Vin nodded in disappointment. \"I understand...it's sad when you think about it. We deserve at least trust from this village. And you can't even give us that.\" He turned around to leave, but hesitated a bit. \"I don't get why Chris came here...\" he wondered quietly. \"You all are good men.\" I blurted out suddenly. \"I will never forget what you've done for us.\" My words were bold however, the action that followed my sentence, was even bolder. I went up to the kind young man, and with a small, quick kiss on the cheek, I showed him my thanks. Vin stared at me in complete puzzlement and shock. I replied him with a small smile and then left his presence. I walked back to my village, and saw my little brother playing with Bernardo, one of the hired gunfighters. They were surrounded by other village boys, and the man seemed to be enjoying his company. I couldn't help but grin at the cute sight, my eyes travelled towards Chris, the leader of the group. He was again busy and at the moment, he was talking quietly with Sotero our village's leader. The two men conversed with each other so intensely that I realized that something serious was going on. Along with Chris stood the tall and stoic Britt, of course he had his knife in his hand, and next to Britt stood Lee, the silent and the most mysterious gunslinger. He was really handsome and his fine suit made him stand out from the rest, even though he barely spoke. Harry was again engrossed in a card game with Hilario and Miguel. I scanned the area to see where Chico was, unfortunately, there was no sight of him. I sighed heavily and turned around to help Rosalinda and mama with cooking, but since I wasn't looking where I was going, and my thoughts were all scattered, I was bound to bump into something or someone. That's exactly what happened, I vigorously smashed into someone, who was apparently running towards Chris, and he too wasn't paying attention to anything else. As we bumped each other, I immediately lost control and fell on the ground, when I looked up quite irritated, to see who it was...I was shocked to find Chico gazing down at me. I lifted my chin up in pride, and glared at him. \"Open your eyes! And watch were you're going!\" I hissed at him annoyed. Chico rolled his eyes, and came to help me up on my feet. \"You should watch where you're going, chicken brain! I've got far more important things to take care of!\" He snapped at me in agitation. For some reason, these few weeks had gotten best of me and I was angry. I just hated the way he spoke to me! And what right did he have to be upset with me for avoiding him and his comrades? I was just obeying my papa! \"How dare you talk to me like that?!\" I cried out in fury, flying from the ground without the help of his extended hand. \"Now, don't start! Or I might rape you.\" He answered sarcastically, which caused me to fire up again. \"What?!\" \"Isn't that what you farmers believe? That seven of us are some sort of rapists?\" Chico crossed his arms. \"Now, out of my way, I don't have time to chat with you little girl.\" He pushed me aside forcefully. At this, I became so mad at him. All my emotions, frustrations and feelings were building up and finally I cracked. Without further thought, I impulsively slapped him. He stared at me in disbelief and shock, then all of a sudden Chico seized my hands furiously and pulled me towards him.\"Why you little!-\" \"Hands off!\" I demanded and struggled to break free. \"Stop acting so stupid!\" He roared as we wrestled. He too was so frustrated and disappointed with me. Something was going on between us and we both had a hard time figuring out what it was. \"Let me go! Let me go!\" I continued crying and kept fighting him. \"Shut up!\" Chico's temper burst as well and because we were struggling so much, I lost my balance and fell down again, and this time with Chico on top of me and I was sprawled out beneath him. We were both panting from exhaustion, as we stared at each other, silence washed over us. His deep gaze started to intimidate me, our bodies were pressed again one another, his weight was on me, and for some reason I couldn't bring myself to move. My heart was beating so fast, that I thought it would jump right from my chest. Chico wanted to speak, but he paused, his eyes were gazing my lips. Slowly we both neared each other, but before either one of us could do something foolish. There was a gunshot! Which snapped us both to reality. ","Summary":" Trying to write something else besides Seven Brides For Seven Brothers. If you haven't seen The Mag"},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"Not Supposed To Be This Way","Author":"Abby Ebon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3182831","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Not Supposed To Be This Way… Abby Ebon In one night, my life was changed… forever. We, being my father, brother, and I, were held hostage by two bank robbers. I didn't know that then, I just knew we were being held at gun point most of the time. It's sort of ironic, in a way, which twists my heart till I want to laugh, and cry, that my father, being a man of God - died in a strip club. So did my brother, but Simon had been bitten by vampires, and would have died anyway - just like dad. I find little condolence in the fact that when I hesitated, he told me to kill him. I guess, it's also ironic, that that night I knew how Seth, the only other survivor of the massacre… and one of the bank robbers, felt when he had to stake his brother. Because, I am guilty of the same sin, even if they had become- or in my case, would have become, one of the undead. When it was all over, I couldn't help but stand there, shocked by it all, that nightmare had been real, but in the dawn… it looked so normal . Like it had never happened, but it had, and I have to live with the fact that I was the only surviving member of my family every single day. Just like Seth. Before he left, he gave me money though, and then left in a red sports car. Leaving me with my families RV and the rest of my life ahead of me, and frankly, I didn't know what to do. At first, I followed that road learning to drive the RV, after a few miles, I ran out of gas outside a small town. I received the rest of my education there, but, I managed to keep the majority of the money Seth had given me. By the time I was eighteen, I thirsty for revenge - not for Seth Gecko, for all I knew he was dead, but on the monsters that had killed the Fuller's - my family… That night, the moon was full, and I, Kate Fuller, vowed in the church of the Almighty that I would hunt, and kill, the vampires that plagued this earth. All I had to do… was to go about finding them… Little did I know then that my quest for revenge would lead me right back to Seth.[Chapter 2] Not Supposed To Be This Way… Abby Ebon When I made my vows, no one thought I was crazy. Vampires- the demons in the night, they might be myth, and the stuff of legends in the States, but here, they are pretty well known to be very real. Everyone knows someone who knows something about the vampires; if friends or family got turned, or killed, it doesn't matter. They also know, better then we did, what will kill vampires. The usual set of crosses, holy water, wooden stakes, and sun light; these aren't the only things, but they are the most… effective . When I told the family I lived with what I had gone through - and what I intended to do, they agreed. What they didn't agree with was my going alone. They insisted I take two older boys with me as 'protection' from, well, other men. I found it kind of silly that I would be hunting and killing vampires yet 'needed' two single twenty-one year old males to take care of me. That was their logic though, twisted as it was to me. The boys were twins, making Mark and Luke rarer still, as twins were considered lucky when going up against vampires. I refused at first - I had seen what those monsters were capable of… but they insisted I see what they could do in a fight first. Left with little choice, I agreed that if I liked what I saw, I'd let come with me. You must understand something, neither of these boys really agreed - on anything. They were so different, even as twins - Luke was scholarly and pale; pale enough to look white, and had, in a fit of rebellion, bleached his hair blond - it was cut to his shoulders. Mark was a flirt, and hardly took anything seriously, not even vampires. He was dark enough that his heritage was clear enough, and, unlike Luke, kept his black hair in a boyishly wild style. The on l y thing either of them had in common was they were lean, muscular, and taller then me. Otherwise they argued, a lot . This was the first time either had seemed to notice I was alive, and apparently they had been training to be vampire-hunters too. They guided me to where they told me they had been training- I was doubtful, but watched what they did. Instead of attacking the dummies, or punching bags- they attacked each other . They danced. It was the only way I could describe the fighting later – they mesh together with moves that had the possibility to be lethal - and if they hadn't, the violent strikes, and moves in the 'dance' could have seriously injured one of them. It was awe-inspiring, and I hate to admit it, but I was impressed - and apparently it showed. One moment they were fight-dancing, the next, they had stopped on some unspoken signal, and were turned to me, grinning like school-boys. \"I take it you approve, Kate?\" Mark purred, Luke rolled his eyes at his brother's antics - but I knew they were watching to see if I verbally agreed. I sighed- I knew when I was beat. I waved a hand, pretending annoyance, turning on my heel. \"Fine, fine- you of both can come along…\" I muttered as I left- I was surprised they could hear me, but both let out yahoos, and followed me out. The first night in the RV, we discussed our pasts with the monsters we were to kill. I wasn't surprised to learn that they were orphans too; their family had been killed by vampires - just like mine, making me feel a sort of connection with them. Don't ask me why, I had no other interest in them, but the family I lived with had taken in a lot of orphaned kids. All from vampire attacks- I wasn't the only one interested in killing them, obviously, but I was the only girl. In the first week we found nothing. This was odd, for the first places we checked out were the bar, which had reopened, and Luke's and Mark's farm- where they grew up, which we found abandoned. Well, not nothing , in truth we usually too late; finding leftovers, or dust covered wooden stakes. The first few times we stumbled upon this stuff, both Mark and Luke looked like they expected me to throw up. They had both puked the first time we found something truly gruesome. I hadn't – I'd seen worse at the strip-club. Still, it affects you to see bodies maimed, and dismembered. We never found survivors in that sort of attack. It put to light how lucky Seth and I had been, all those years ago - how lucky Luke and Mark had been. Hopefully, when, not if, we found vampires that luck would hold up. Who knows, maybe all vampire hunters are lucky like that - maybe it's something that God gave us that set us apart from the normal victims. All vampire hunters are, usually, former survivors of attacks - it's something that Luke told me. Like I said, Luke is smart- really smart . Not just in the bookish way, in the real-life, day-to-day stuff. He's the one who researches where we go next. In the RV that once belonged to my father, he put up a map on the wall next to the diner table. It's to put in perspective where we have been (gold pins), what we found (danger levels- yellow is not much- some of those up there, orange is disaster- mostly everything, red is carnage of entire cities, families, or other places where people gather- I hate to see so many up there) then there is what happened only once (white), and what happened reportedly many times (black). Luke says there is something about the black and red - other then they are close together, that he thinks is a pattern. Mark, for once, agrees with him - neither knows just what is ' familiar', but they swear it is. I'm not going to disagree. In truth, a week later, I'm still kind of spooked to see the strip club reopened. However, there weren't any truckers, and everything seemed so… normal . We stayed there for three days more - nothing ! Luke reassured me that vampires are unpredictable, and as such, couldn't be relied upon when to show. Mark only shrugged - I think he enjoyed the striping girls. Which made me uncomfortable, remembering Seth's brother, and how he died - and lived. The way he looked at me… still makes me shudder - because now I know just what it was I saw in his eyes, and that makes me hate him. We left soon enough afterwards - the farm was abandoned, as I said. It was creepy too - weeds in what used to be fields, blood in odd places - and dust. I wondered how many people had been in their family – but, from the looks on their faces, I knew better then to ask. We didn't stay there for longer then a day - and then we were off again. A month later, we were following leads on nothing but rumors, and the frightened whispers of peasants- who whispered of the vampires, even in the high-noon of day light. It was then, I think, that I realized how long this might take us - not that I expected this to be easy, but I expected to find a vampire within my first week. I don't know why, I just did. Maybe it was because I had had the bad luck to find a nest, when I wasn't looking, so long ago. Heh, there is an idea - 'not look' for vampires, and you'll find one! In some ways, it's true - and that, is also how I met Seth again.[Chapter 3] Not Supposed To Be This Way… Abby Ebon To kill a vampire, your first time, even after many years of practicing for it, is still hard. Luke and Mark learned that the hard way. We'd needed supplies, so I'd gone to the small mall, Mark and Luke deciding to tag along. We, all powerful would-be vampire hunters that we were, hadn't thought to bring along our weapons. Mark had a dagger as long as his forearm on his back, but that was it – we should have known better – still, hard to think of a nest of vampires hunting a mall. It was near dusk, and we went in, trusting in the sun. There was a clerk on duty – and two security guards. To this day, I hate human-slaves with a passion. Human-slaves are people who willingly put themselves under vampire control, they live to serve the vampires – however literally, until they awaken. We had not even heard rumors of the malls security being human-slaves, and when the sun set – I knew why, we – with five others, were trapped in here until dawn. I knew then that they hadn't let any leaks survive to spread rumors. \"What's the meaning of this?\" An old woman demanded, clutching her purse, as if she was ready to heft it at him and make a run for it. She wouldn't have gotten far; the windows would hold up under bullets, and they had bars on them, to boot – I didn't have to look to know the exit doors had security overrides – they would be welded shut on the back, too, from the look of them. I had to wonder how they passed building-inspectors. Maybe they had human-servants in that area as well – it wouldn't surprise me. \"I'm afraid you won't be leaving tonight, Ma'am.\" The guard said, speaking rather politely, bumping his night-stick on his leg, the old woman would have none of it. \"Now see here –\" She begin, but Mark interrupted her – before she could be hurt. \"Why have we been locked in?\" The clerk and guards looked between each other – I could tell they liked playing with peoples heads. \"Well, it's like this, sir; we have some business associates who'd like to interview you.\" The clerk answered, smile firmly in place. So that was what they were calling murder now – an 'interview'. Fitting, Anne Rice would be so proud. Somehow, I doubted that. \"Well, in that case, where are they?\" Another man demanded; his wife and two daughters clung to each other. \"Right here, sorry to keep you waiting.\" A woman, a vampire, answered. She was dressed in a tight slip of a red dress that clung to her revealingly. Gee, bit over dressed for a trip to the mall, don't you think? \"I'm Scarlet; you've been gathered here at my request. Please… do not be alarmed .\" She had a husky voice, a drawl that could have come from Mississippi or Virginia – or both. I wondered where she'd grown up before becoming one of the undead. From behind her, two other vampires appeared. Well, now I know why she'd asked them not to be alarmed. The vampires were half-transformed, young newly-turned…I had the dreadful feeling, that she wanted me to join the ranks of the unholy undead. I thought I heard one of the two girls whimper. \"You have two choices, to become our … meal , or to become like us…\" Scarlet purred, Mark actually looked interested ; Luke was quick to hit him over the head, just to 'knock some sense' into him. I did it just to annoy him. \"Sorry Suzy, you ain't sucking anyone dry tonight.\" The fifth person, who'd had his hood up the whole time, and hadn't really spoken, had finally pulled it back. It was Seth. I just stood there – staring at him, even as one of the half-changed vampires made a lunge at Luke. Mark acted quickly- pushing Luke out of the way, taking his dagger-sword and plunging it into the vampires chest – apparently, it didn't hit it's heart, and it yanked the dagger out, and threw Mark across the other side of the room. I don't think I was the only one to winch. In the commotion Scarlet and her two vampire-henchmen disappeared. Seth did not look too happy at the turn of events – his element of surprise had been taken away, and stolen by vampires –damned insulting to a vampire-hunter, that. Luke and I shared a look, and we edged our way to Mark, he groaned – rubbing the back of his neck carefully. He shouldn't have survived it – but he had. For better or worse, we needed to at least fight back. We heard the old lady scream, and remembered that there were others, who didn't know how to fight back – we had to protect them. This was our first real hunt – and so far, the vampires were winning. They had everything we didn't – most of all, weapons. \"That can't be good…\" I heard Luke mumble, he wasn't talking about the scream though – he was looking at Mark's bent dagger-sword. \"Ah, shit man…\" Mark looked heartbroken; I almost felt bad for him, but it was worse, because that was our only weapon. I opened my mouth to say something, then I heard the flutter of wings - I tapped him on the shoulder, instead, motioning them for silence. We stood there, listening, tensed – and waiting. Then, bloodied, the two little girls who had come into the mall with their parents emerged. I was willing to bet that what was on them was what was left of their parents. I felt sorrow for them – I knew what it was like to lose your family, all three of us did, but we hadn't been as young as they looked. The older of the two looked about eleven – her sister about nine. The eleven year old looked at us like a wary war veteran might. \"Mum's dead…we can't find our dad.\" The little girl told us, her voice breaking. \"Ah, little ones, I don't think he made it…\" Mark trailed off, and they walked to us, hand in hand - calm; far too calm. The thought must have occurred to Luke a second earlier, as the older girl rushed to Mark – Luke got in the way, he must have grabbed the wooden end of the shovel in a rush – because as the broken end shoved into one of them – the metal struck the floor. The older girl fell to dust –and the younger one ran away before we could react. If Scarlet hadn't known where we were then – she and the other two grown-up vampires knew now. Luke shook his eyes wide as he stared at the gardening shovel. Mark, helped him to stand, and Luke, still in a daze, didn't notice that he took the shovel with him – which was just as well, because it was the only one we had. The other shovels were metal – sometimes I hate modern achievements, they can really get in the way of finding possible wooden stakes –or staffs. The odds were quickly stacking against us, I resolved to try to find Seth, then it would be four hunters – to four, or maybe one or two more, vampires. Still, they weren't good odds, but they were better then three hunters with only a wooden staff and a bent dagger-sword between them. The lights went out. Someone – or, I was betting, something, had cut the power. Then a scream – a man's, it seemed that either the man had been killed by his vampire daughter, or Seth had been. It may have been selfish – but I was hoping for the old man. Most of the night went by like that – the occasional scream or yell, and then silence, when you felt you were being watched – but didn't see the watcher, that's when you knew you were, indeed, being watched. It was near two in the morning when silence drew in around us. There still hadn't been any sign of Seth since we'd first came into the mall – and it was eerily silent. I saw a shadow move, and thought it was Seth – I went after it, even as it ducked into a storage closet. My eyes had gotten used to the dark; even so, in here there were no windows to let the dim glow of moon and stars through. Edgy, I moved to the center of the room –seeing nothing, I let myself relax, and headed out of the storage closet. Only to have it slam shut in front of me. I heard Mark yell out to Luke that I was still inside the storage closet when it had shut. \"Kate?\" I heard Seth say, a light shinning into my face, I blinked away the specks, and the light fell away. \"Seth, what are you doing in here?\" I asked, unable to hide the trembling in my voice. \"Was – well, trapping 'em in here.\" Seth shrugged, sheepish, I caught sight of the silver cross on his neck, and the stake-cross he'd made from the things in the storage closet. I clicked my tongue, impressed despite myself. \"Alone?\" I asked, fearing for him, if only a little. He was, after all, the only other one to survive that night in the strip-club. \"Yeah, well, don't exactly come to these things with a friend, now do you?\" Seth asked mockingly, there was a pounding on the door – I heard Mark cuss explosively, and Luck shush him. \"Well, some don't…\" Seth mumbled, shrugging, and then looking to the door and me amused. \"My team is outside, do you mind?\" I asked, motioning to the door, Seth snorted – opened the door, let the boys fall into the room, and slammed it shut again. \"Kate, are you alright?\" Luke asked from the floor, groaning, he pushed Mark off him. \"Yeah, I'm fine,\" I assured him as I helped Luke to stand, Mark already getting up on his own, \"guys, I'd like you to meet a old acquaintance, the only other survivor from the attack I survived.\" I finished, Seth nodded to Luke, giving me an amused look. \"You're… boyfriends ?\" Seth teased, something passing through his eyes that I didn't quite catch. Mark snorted back his laughter. \"Nah, she's more our sister. You want her?\" I couldn't smack him one – so Luke did, smirking in my direction. Seth rolled his eyes, and then turned them to me. \"The rest, as you've probably guessed, are dead; we need to torch the place - any ideas?\" Seth asked, I knew he had a few – hell, Mark probably had a few, what we needed was all around us – I just hadn't realized it until now. \"Why the fuck is there gasoline in a storage closet ?\" Mark, ever the blunt one, questioned the sanity of the store-keepers before the human-servants took over. Seth shrugged, grinning in a mischievous way. \"No idea, really ; but its perfect, isn't it?\" We had to get out of there - now , because– right then, the door splintered in half.[Chapter 4] Not Supposed To Be This Way… Abby Ebon I glimpsed it through the hole, its warped human and bat-like face leering at us – its eyes reflecting yellow-light, like a cat. It snarled at us – and Mark, who was closest to the door – leapt back in surprise. He cursed, of course, but I was more interested in Seth taking a chainsaw from the corner, (who the hell would be dumb and/or brilliant enough to keep gasoline and a chainsaw in the same place ?) and firing it up – to my surprise it worked. Watching a vamp getting its face ripped up (and cut off) by a chainsaw is a very enlightening (and bloody) experience; I couldn't understand where or when Luke ate something that looked vaguely pinkish when upchucked. Mark, Luke, and I grabbed the three gasoline containers, and a lighter, the plan was to trail it behind us until we made it out of the mall and then torch it. Feeling faintly nauseated from the fumes and the scent of puke, we make our way out of the storage closet, I hear laughter not very far off – and Seth attempts to find the source; which we knew was Scarlet, or one of the other little girls, but it was for not. We edged our way back to where the check-out was, easing out way down the walls, slipping between isles, and ducking down under crates as we went. I'd never noticed how much a mall was like a maze before – but then, I never really had time to visit one. Let me tell you – darkness makes all the difference. We were a few feet from the door (Seth figured we could use the chain saw to cut through) when things went for the worse. The first sign that something was wrong was when Mark yelped, and when the flashlight swung around – Scarlet held him pressed against herself, her nails pressed to the skin of his neck and stomach. If she started to transform, she'd disembowel him. His gasoline container had spilt over, and the bottoms of our shoes were soaked with it. \"Hello, hunters….drop you're weapons… and drop that lighter girly, unless you want to kill your boyfriend here.\" I stiffened, why did everyone assume I was with Mark? Nonetheless, that didn't mean I wanted to see him killed. I set the lighter down – my nearly empty gasoline container beside it, Scarlet smiled smugly. \"That's a good girl…now, Seth, how ever did you find me?\" Scarlet purred, out of the corner of my eye I saw Seth shudder. Behind me, I heard the clank of Luke's wooden staff slash-make-shift stake – and the soft tap of his gasoline container dropping; Seth gently put the chainsaw down, keeping a tight grip on the flash light, for all the good it would do us. \"Wasn't too hard, Suzy; you aren't exactly the sharpest vampire – I mean, a mall , is where you always liked to go.\" Seth shrugged, looking somewhat guilty. Scarlet had the nerve to lick her lips, leering at Seth. I tried not to feel too possessive; I have no claim on Seth…. yet . \"My offer still stands Seth…join me, and I will let these three live…\" Scarlet purred, and Mark, for the first time in his life, looked uncomfortable in a woman's arms. \"I keep telling you Suzy, nothing is gonna get me to come around; not since you Turned.\" Seth told her, speaking to her as if she were a child unable to understand no. She pouted, and I saw Mark's bent sword shifting on the side not facing the vampire – it was just at the right angle to drive into her side; with her distracted by Seth, Mark had to be careful to keep it that way. I heard Luke's softly indrawn breath, and the vampire's attention shifted to him. \"Well, if you don't want me – I could always Turn these two…\" She threatened, leaning down – her fangs pressing against Mark's neck. Mark stiffened, shut his eyes – and shoved the bent dagger-sword into her – she shoved him away – tossing him into the exit, he went through the window glass, and I can only assume he hit the pavement or sidewalk outside. Snarling, and trying to rip the sword from her side, she didn't pay attention to us. On unspoken signal, I snatched up the lighter – and Seth, apparently fond of his chainsaw, grabbed it – Luke threw the stake staff into Scarlet, shoving it into her heart. We ran for the shattered glass – going through it, even as we heard a wail of the vampiric-child behind us. As soon as we made it out – Luke was at Mark's side, checking for a pulse, he raised his thumb, finding one – and I was too busy watching the vampire-child scramble on all fours toward the exit, flicking the lighter to try to get a flame. \"Come on, Kate!\" Luke yelled, noticing the vampire child. Two feet… the vampire-child's snarling lips, expression twisted into hate and glinting fangs. \" Kate !\" Seth hollered, knowing as he started up the chainsaw that he would be too late to save me. The vampire-child, lunging toward me, transforming…A flame – without a thought I threw it into the mall – it flared up, the flames surrounding the vampire-child in seconds; I heard it scream, and disappear from sight. I stood there, dazed, panting, disbelieving that it was all over so fast – and we, miraculously had survived. Now, we had to get Mark to the hospital, Seth helped Luke get Mark into the back of his jeep, and I sat shot-gun beside him; the chainsaw, all that was left of our little adventure, went into the front of the pickup with us. The nearest hospital took us near a grove of trees that led off to a mountain pass. In all the excitement- we had forgotten the full moon. None of us knew it then, but there are other things then vampires that walk in the night… As Seth drove, keeping his eyes on the road ahead, we hit a turn hard – and then I yelped a warning – seeing a dog-shape in the road, Seth swerved- nearly sending us off the road. We hit a tree instead. Luke yelled – and I turned around in my seat, three huge 'dogs' had surrounded us; each of them could have weighed in at 120-250 pounds – easy, then I saw their eyes – human eyes…. They were werewolves … \" Fuck ! You've got to be kidding me!\" Seth yelled, finding that his jeep no longer worked. In the distance I thought I heard a howl go up. They were howling at the moon, I looked toward it – and sure enough, it was full. Up ahead, through the grove – I thought I saw a cabin. Seth, cussing under his breath, grabbed his chainsaw – and motioning for me to follow him out from his side of the jeep; the chainsaw roared to life, and we edged our way to the back, letting the flip down, and I jumped in to help Luke get Mark out of the back. \"Hurry it up you two, our… friends …are getting braver.\" Seth growled, keeping the chainsaw leveled at them. \"Saw a cabin a bit up ahead in the grove, if we can get to it, we can hole up till morning.\" I said, frantically trying to remember all my werewolf lore. Mark's eyes fluttered open and the first thing he saw was my cleavage, he leered, and if I weren't feeling particularly nice to him, I'd have smacked him one – he knew it too. Then his eyes snapped to what Seth was threatening with a chainsaw. \" Shit , those wolves?\" Mark muttered, I started to worry about a concussion – but we'd have to handle that after we got him through this alive. \"No you ass; they're werewolves , don't you read?\" Luke grumbled, pulling Mark's arm over his shoulder, helping his twin to stand. Slowly, with Mark on his feet, we stumbled into the grove, heading to the cabin, the werewolves stayed at a distance at first, letting us see them. As we walked, we saw glimpse of them, the flash of human eyes – the lift of a shadow, snarling teeth. I got the distinct feeling we were being herded to the cabin. Before I could voice this, they attacked; taking down Luke and Mark. Before I could move to help them, Seth, who had been trying to get the cabin door to open - had pulled open the door open, grabbed me around the middle, and pushed us into the cabin- the door slamming shut just as a werewolf lunged for it – shaking the door. I shook – imagining what was happening to the twins – would they be made into werewolves? Would they be eaten tonight, only to find their remains tomorrow? Furious, I turned to Seth, interested in him or not – they had been my friends. \"You fucking idiot ! They could be dead ! We could have at least tried to save them!\" I screamed, hitting my fists into his chest – he took it, grunting, letting me beat up on him. \"I'm sorry Kate, I couldn't, no, I won't watch you die for them…\" Seth trialed off- not bothering to explain himself to me, and it was likely he did not know the reasons for his own actions. I started sobbing, I couldn't help myself. I thought of the horrible things that could be happening to them and – remembering them, and Seth let me lean against him, holding me. Comforting me, in his own way, and despite being the reason for my condition; I couldn't help but fall for him a little more – I only hoped they'd live through the attack. Then I could watch them kick his ass for a change. I heard a howl go up; and through the window I saw the twins changing … They screamed – the screams distorting into howls as they changed into werewolves, under the light of the full moon, where once two men had been, two wolves – silver and black, stood. Author Note : This story is only going to be another chapter long, and then you learn the reason for the title; \"You know, Kate, it's not supposed to be this way…\" \"Oh? And why is that , Seth?\" \"I'm supposed to be on top…\"[Chapter 5] Not Supposed To Be This Way… Abby Ebon It's not often in my life that I had been as scared as I was just then, my best friends turning into monsters before my eyes – trapped in a cabin, with no weapons of any sort. I think I would have preferred to be back in that mall, fighting Scarlet… It's only half an hour till sunrise, but you'd be surprised how much can happen in half an hour… It only took a few minutes for them to be attacked – and no less then twenty to be changed into werewolves. I wonder how much longer I could last if they got inside somehow… I find myself winching in pain, whenever I look out the window and see one of them, it didn't seem to feel pleasant to turn into a werewolf. I find myself fishing for a topic to talk about, something to distract us both… \"Why Scarlet…?\" I find myself asking, Seth looks up at me, he's been looking to the door every few minutes – wondering what I am, when are all those big bad wolves outside gonna come a knocking? \"What?\" Seth asked; focus switching to me, even if he does look twitchy about the door. \"What happened between you two?\" I let it settle between us, a waiting game. Seth, not surprisingly, brakes first. \"Met her in a bar, few years back…\" Seth started, and why wasn't I surprised to hear him say that? \"Got drunk, had sex – told her about what happened to us.\" I think he's just trying to annoy me now… \"She…believed me.\" Way too much awe for a vampire - bitch from hell , can we say 'jealousy'? \"We hunted for a while together…\" Apparently we can say jealousy… \"Then there was an accident, I ended up pinned down, and Suzy was turned…she was the only one I let escape.\" Was that, regret ? \"She changed her name to Scarlet after being turned…I've been tracking her ever since.\" Seth finished; apparently, he'd noticed the look on my face. I don't think I was hiding my jealously very well. He looked amused. \"What about you and those twins?\" He asked then, his voice carefully void, and his eyes going between me and the door – then to the window. \"They are my friends; we met in the village I grew up in after we parted ways.\" I mentioned, flinching at the sound of a howl. Outside – they started to fight over the new pecking order, I wondered what would happen if the twins lost – or won… Seth grunted, and sat down next to me, his arm over my shoulder. I didn't protest, I knew I needed to know on a basic level that I wasn't alone in the world, that I had people out there I could, eventually, learn to trust. I wondered at my – our ?- future, sitting there with his arm around me, and werewolves howling; would Seth and I part ways again, like last time? Or would we travel together, fighting the good fight against vampires. I heard snarling, waking me from a half-sleep, thoughts of fighting vampires with the werewolf twins swimming in my mind. I looked outside to see the twins had turned most of the pack into their bellies, they, for worse or better, were alphas. \"Do you think they'll be alright?\" I found myself asking Seth, I felt him shrug, the scent of him filling my nose. \"Well, some say werewolves change completely back into humans – or that they can control the change after their first full moon…\" Seth trailed off, and I knew why, vampires we knew – we could predict, werewolves were an unknown. We could only hope for the best. I leaned into him, enjoying the closeness, perhaps a little more then I ought to have, there was a knowing look in his eyes, and he reached up a hand, brushing back the hair from my face. I caught a glimpse of us in the glass – we looked in love, a picture-perfect cover for a good romance book. My lips twitched at the thought, and I didn't stop myself from leaning into his rough hands. His thumb brushed my bottom lip, the edge of my ear, and I shivered, lust, a strange tingling in my lower belly, crept up my spine. I was more aware of him then I had ever been of any man before, and as he leaned down to kiss me, the feather touch of his lips against mine sent a sharp jolt of need shuddering over me; I could tell, looking into his eyes, he felt just the same. The rest of the night was ours, and as the dawn etched across the sky, the pack of werewolves – and Seth and I, slept off our night. -- \"You look like you enjoyed yourselves.\" Mark mumbled, amused, as he came into the cabin around noon, taking in the sight of me and Seth – he didn't seem objectionable to the idea, so I took it that he'd accepted my choice. \"Oh, I could get used to it…\" Seth murmured next to me, his eyes glinting knowingly up at me – he took in the sight of Mark, the torn up clothes, just barely enough to keep him properly covered. \"You two gonna be alright?\" Seth asked him, Luke entered then, he didn't have a shirt, and I knew why – he'd torn it to shreds trying to change in them. \"Were human enough…the others though, they are almost half-animal.\" Mark told him, and Luke, seeing my alarmed look, explained. \"They are born werewolves, they like the wolf form though – their leader died a few months back, and they've been trying to change a new one.\" \"Apparently among the born-werewolves very few leaders are born – and most werewolves, as far as they know, are born in these parts.\" Mark continued where his twin had left off. Seth frowned, not liking the thought of so many werewolves without leaders. \"I know what your thinking - don't, we've decided to round up all the werewolves we can, and head for protected land – that way we'll not be a danger…\" Luke assured Seth, his eyes wary. I had to remind myself that they weren't human – even now, newly changed, they'd think along the lines of the two – the human part, and the beast. Seth nodded, accepting this, I bit my lip. \"So, Seth and I go hunt vampires; and you two are going to be leaders of your…wolves?\" I asked my voice shaky, I liked Seth – but I'd never imagined Mark and Luke not having our backs against the vampires we would fight in the future. \"Hey, hey, it isn't like that …we'll be around if you need us – just give us a call.\" Mark assured, glancing at Luke for support in dealing with 'the girl/woman'; the thought amused me, smooth Mark, unable to deal with an upset female. \"Not a howl, eh?\" Seth teased, and Mark snorted, Luke's lips twitched. We stayed in the cabin for two nights after that – getting used to the new Mark and Luke, who weren't all that different from the other version, just supernaturally stronger men, who liked their meat bloody, and turned furry every once in a while. We saw them a few years later – interestingly, they walked in on us…they've never let us live down what they heard either; \"You know, Kate, it's not supposed to be this way…\" \"Oh? And why is that , Seth?\" \"I'm supposed to be on top…\" …It was perfectly innocent – I swear . The End ","Summary":" Not Supposed To Be This Way… Abby Ebon In one night, my life was changed… forever. We, being my fat"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"An American Tail V Ch 3","Author":"D-rock625","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8858601","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AAT V: CH 3 – THE ASSISTANT The next day Fievel was doing some paper work in his office about the work the employees. It was hard work but nothing that he couldn't handle. He studied in school about not only music but on business management as well. He was pretty much already prepared for this type of work. He knew what he would be facing as the assistant manager, thought it did surprise the other employees on how fast he got the position, most of the time workers must work for at least a year to have a position, but seeing as how he is their Boss's friend they would understand. In the Meantime while Fievel was working on his daily work in his new office, Tony steps in with some news: Tony: Hey Filly! Fievel: Hey Tony. Tony: Woah, you seem down, something bothering you. Fievel: No. Well, yes, just thinking about the family I left behind at Greenriver. Tony: Oh I see. You miss them. Fievel: Yeah. Tony: I know how you feel, and I know how to make you feel better. Fievel: You do? Tony: Sure, I got you an assistant. Fievel doesn't seem so pleased with this news: Fievel: That's the last thing I need Tony. Tony: No no no, she comes highly recommended. Then his mood changes: Fievel: She? Tony: (whispering to him) Yeah, and she's a good looking girl too, she's your age and very hot. Well? What do you say? She's waiting outside. Fievel: Shhhh. Okay, let her in. Tony walks out of the door and gives her the Okay to come in, and through the door enters this very beautiful looking white mouse with golden hair, pink nose and ears, and bright blue eyes. She's wearing a white shirt with a black medium skirt that reached to her knees. Of course Fievel is aroused by her looks in her outfit, her hips do seem very supportive to him as well. Assistant: Hello, Mr. Mousekewitz. Fievel: Hello, uh, miss… Assistant: Karina, Karina Arabella. Some People call me Karina. Fievel: What a beautiful name. Karina: Thank you. Fievel: Umm. Tony can I talk to you outside for a bit. Tony: why? Fievel: Just come, (to Karina) Uh you can sit there and wait for a bit. She sits as the two boys head outside to talk for a bit, Fievel is wondering whether this is a set up for him and her. Fievel: Tony, what are you doing? Tony: What do you mean? you needed an assistant, and she's the one who comes highly recommended, and let me tell you she's a good looking one. Fievel: I know that but you didn't tell me you would hire and assistant for me. Tony: oh come on, think of it as a surprise present. Fievel: She is not a package. Tony: No she's not but she is willing to help you, okay just give her a chance. (he checks his watch) oh look at the time, I gotta get back to work. Fievel: (he grabs him by the arms) no no, you can't leave me with her. Tony: Why? What's the matter, can't talk to women? Fievel: She's so pretty, but I don't think— Tony: I have to get back to work see yah. Tony walks out of there with Fievel telling him not to go but he ignores him. Now Fievel is very nervous and does not know what to say when he enters back into his office with Karina inside waiting. He takes a deep breath and then opens the door, just the sight of her looking at him while sitting on the chair arouses him. Karina: Is everything okay? Fievel: Yes Ms. Arabella. Karina: You can call me Karinayah, or Karina, either way I don't mind. Fievel: (nervously) oh, uh, okay. So Karina, I hear you are come quite highly recommended. Karina: It's true; I just moved to this job from college about a few years back, and am looking forward to working with you, Mr. Mousekewitz. Fievel: Umm, actually this isn't an interview, but I think Tony already hired you to be my assistant. Karina: I know, I just thought you'd want to know me a bit more. Fievel: W—well, why? Karina: Isn't that what someone's boss supposed to do? Get to know them. Fievel: Uhh, yeah—I guess, see I've only been here for only 4 days. So I'm new to this whole assistant manager thingy. Karina: Oh, so this is your first job? Fievel: Y—yes. Karina: Wow, I've never heard of someone already getting this big position on their first job. Fievel: Well, my friend Tony got me this, and I accepted. So… yeah, I'm still new at this, and I'm guessing you're not so I guess that's why he gave me an assistant. Karina: That's why I'm here. Fievel: Oh—okay. They sit silent for about 5 seconds until Fievel said It was about time for Mess Hall break. Fievel: W—Well I think it's about that time for Lunch, I guess. Karina: okay, good meeting you Mr. Mousekewitz. She leaves and Fievel sighs after she walks out the door. To him she was very attractive, and he somewhat found it a little hard to talk to a beautiful woman like that, but in the end he pulled off and was able to commence a conversation with her. Still he thought negative of himself during the conversation: Fievel: (to himself) you were such an idiot. Meanwhile in the factory, Tony was walking around making sure everyone was doing a good job. To him it satisfied him even more than just a \"good\" job; to him they were doing superb. The workers like Tony, as he walks by them they greeted him with open hearts. Tony asks one of the workers how he was doing, the worker gives a positive response, then Tony moves on, they respected him, he wasn't a very negative, very bossy type of person like when they were under management of a rat named Moe, who was a follower of the cat Warren T. Tony decides to pay a visit to a mouse that Fievel had meet three days ago, Tim, who was working on putting the cloths where they needed to be put. Tony: Tim. He turns around: Tim: Oh hello. How are you? Tony: Good just walking around checking on everybody, making sure they're doing a good job. Tim: We're doing great, how about you? Tony: Fine, just fine, I'm looking for a good outfit, suit, or maybe even a tux. Tim: Oh okay, I got the good things for you over here— Tony: no no no, not for me, for Filly. Tim: Oh, well I think I got the right thing for him over here. He looks like the kind of mouse who would wear a coat. Tony: He does, but he needs something that he would wear on special occasions. They look through the coats, and some of them don't seem to please Tony. Tim of course being his friend, he is curious as to why he needs a good looking coat. Tim: Why does he need a coat for? Tony: He's going with me and Bridget to a ball, next week. Tim: Ah okay, the Ball that Gussie Mausheimer is hosting am I correct? Tony: Yes. Tim: Speaking of which how is our hero? Tony: He's doing great, but he doesn't like being called that. Tim: Why not? Tony: Don't ask me. He probably just doesn't like it, I don't know why but he doesn't. They continue to look but so far nothing satisfied Tony until he saw a very good looking black coat. Tony thought this would look great on Fievel, and decides to buy it. Seeing as how he was the manager, he can buy it for less, originally it was a $200 long coat, but he got it for only $85, a very good deal for Tony. Along with it, he bought a scarf, a dark red scarf that would go along with the coat. Tim: I think he would look good in that. Tony: Yeah, this is nice, maybe he can wear this, it doesn't necessarily have to be a tux, but yeah. Tim: Good, that will do then. Please tell him I say hello. Tony: Yeah I'll tell him. Thanks Tim, you are a good friend, I might want to give you a raise. You know to support your family. Tim: Really? Tony: Yeah because you're my friend, and you're doing really good, so yeah I'm gonna give you a raise. Tim: Wow, thanks, you sure? Tony: Yeah of course why not? You need that for your family, so I wanted to help. Tim: Thanks, Tony. You're a good friend. Tony approaches him to shake his hand: Tony: You too. Alright see you later don't work too hard you hear me? Tim: I won't. Tony walks up to Fievel's door holding the coat, shirt, and scarf on his right hand, and knocking the door with his left. Fievel gives him the okay to enter, and Tony does so. Tony: Hey Filly, I got you these. Fievel: What are they? Ah man, why did you get me this? Tony: Because, you needed something for the Ball. Fievel: Well you could've at least told me about it so that I would look with you. Tony: Nah, man it's the least I could do. Fievel: No man, you should've done it. Tony: You are new here, you've only been here for only 6 days, you could've at least said thank you. Fievel: Oh, alright, thanks. Tony: No problem. Of course Tony was curious about how things went with Fievel and Karina. Tony: So? Fievel: (confused) so what? Tony: How was she? Fievel: Who? Tony: The girl I introduced to you earlier today, Karina, how was she? Fievel: Oh, uhh—her. Sh—She was… nice. Fievel Starts to get nervous and Tony realizes this through his facial Expressions. Tony: Oh really? You like her don't you. Fievel: W—Well- Tony: Yeah you do! Fievel: I—mean— Tony: Don't deny it pal—you like her. Fievel: Hey come on, it's too early, and I don't even know her yet. Tony: Well? What's the hold up? Why don't you get to know her? Fievel: Because Tony, I just meet her, it doesn't work that way. Tony Chuckles a bit. Tony: You're blushing, I can see it, you like her. Fievel: Okay well maybe I do, but that doesn't mean— Karina: Umm, Excuse me. Tony and Fievel immediately stopped talking and look to the door where Karina stood, she was amused by the two boy's conversation, but the boys were so very tense, they didn't know what to say at first, they were still tense while she stands there with her hands on her hips, they both attempt to say something, Tony and Fievel: Umm... Hi. Karina giggles at the two mice, Tony: Well, see you later Filly (he hits him on the chest which causes Fievel to grunt in near pain, then walks out the door) Karina: Well you and your friend seem to talk about me a lot. Fievel: Uhh—S—sorry you heard that. Karina: No, it's okay, I found it kind of… flattering. Fievel: oh.. okay—I—I'm glad. (Laughs nervously) He notices pieces of paper on her hand. Fievel: What's this? Karina: Oh it's just more paper work. Here She walks into the middle of the room hands him the paper and something odd happens, both their fingers touch at the bottom of the pile as he grabs the pile of paper from her. Though Karina sort of liked it, Fievel was just too nervous; he starts to blush as he carries the paper back to his desk. Karina was curious as to ask him a question: Karina: So… Do you? Fievel: Do I what? Karina: Do you like me? Fievel: u—uhhh, Fievel says nothing for just the sight of her looking at him with those gorgeous eyes staring right into him. Fievel: W—Well, The Bell rings sounding the time for lunch. Fievel: Oh well look it's time for lunch. He anxiously grabs his hat and rushes out the door leaving her in the room without an answer. Fievel: Make sure you close the door please? Thank you. She sighs and walks out shutting the door behind her and heads off to lunch. At the Mess hall, Fievel was getting food being greeted by the other mice, calling him a hero, and of course he tells them not to call him by that title. After he gets his food he walks towards table where he sits alone, until Tony comes up and sits with him. Tony: Hey Filly. Fievel: What now? Tony: Hey, why the long face? Fievel: I embarrassed myself in front of Karina, that's why. Tony: What? What happened? Fievel: What do you think? She asked me if I really liked her. Tony: and what did you do? Fievel: I didn't answer her I just heard the bell and thought \"saved by the bell.\" Tony: Oh man, why didn't you answer her? Fievel: I don't know, I just got scared. Tony: Well? Do you like her? Fievel paused to give it a thought. Fievel: Y—Yes, I like her, in fact I think I'm falling for her. Tony: Well look at you. Fievel: Yeah, look at me. Tony: oh come on, you should tell her. Fievel: Nah, it's too soon, I mean we just meet today, and now you want me to tell her. Tony: Hey she is kind of aware that you like her, and by you cowering out, that's what made her aware, you know most of the time it takes a long time for someone to realize that someone they've worked with, but with you, she know on that first day. Fievel: Yeah well, I'm guessing she thinks I'm a looser. Tony: No she's not. Fievel: Really? How do you know? Tony: Because she's over there, talking to her friends about you, I can tell because they're looking at you as they're talking amongst themselves. Fievel looks at them and sees her talking amongst two of her friends, one of them a brown mouse with black pony tail hair, and another gray mouse with blond hair. They're laughing but Fievel sees no signs as to where she likes him, until she looked at him with a smile on her face, he smiles back at her, then she takes her food and leaves the mess hall dumping her food in a trash as she goes, her friends follow behind her. Tony: See? She smiled at you. Fievel: She left her chair. Tony: That doesn't mean she doesn't like you. Fievel: I think it does. Tony: No it doesn't she has it in for you, when I told her she was going to be working for you she seemed shocked when she heard your name. Fievel: Really? Tony: Yes. Fievel: shocked good, or bad? Tony: She had a surprised look, and when I asked if she knew who you were, she knew, she called you a hero, she liked your name, and she was there when we released the Mouse of Minsk, and she heard it was all your idea. Fievel: Wow. I had no Idea. Tony: Well now you know. Both of them sit silent for a few seconds, until Fievel got up and left. Tony: Where are you going? Fievel: Back to work. He leaves the mess hall but stops to ask Tony a question: Fievel: Tony. Tony: What is it? Fievel: Do you remember the indian tribe we encountered all those years ago? Tony: Cholena? Fievel: Yes. Tony: They moved. Fievel: Moved? Where? Tony: I don't know. it's been years since I've seen them. I went down there one time, and they were gone, all their things were still there, like they left in a hurry. Fievel: Oh, o- okay. Well I gotta get back to work, see you later. He leaves. ","Summary":" AAT V: CH 3 – THE ASSISTANT The next day Fievel was doing some paper work in his office about the w"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"An American Tail V Ch 2","Author":"D-rock625","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8858576","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AAT: CH2 – BRIDGET AND GUSSIE MAUSHIMER It was a pretty nice sunny day in the streets of New York. Everyone was going about their business and so were the mice. Tony was showing Fievel the changes in the city. They were walking on top of a building watching all of New York. It still kind of looked like the old New York, but the buildings were getting taller, and the city was expanding. Tony and Fievel were sitting on top of an old water tower that rests on top of a building talking about New York: Tony: Well? Fievel: Well, humans are really building this place up. Tony: Tell me about it. These skyscrapers are going to blot out the sun in the future. Fievel: Things really have changed. Tony: Yeah, but still you know what they say \"the more things change the more they stay the same.\" Fievel: Which kind of makes sense, this city is still the same; though there might be changes it will never be permanent. Tony: Yeah but you're gonna like it. Boy do we have plans for you. Next weekend we have some sort of formal dance party, or a ball that's what you would call it. You want to come? Fievel: Ummm… what? You and me? Tony: oh come on man, I'm bringing a date, I was just wondering if you wanted to come with us. Fievel: oh… sorry, yeah sure. Who are you bringing? Tony: Bridget. Fievel: Bridget? I haven't seen her in a long time. Where is she? Tony: She's on her way back along with Gussie Mausheimer from their work in Boston. Fievel: Mausheimer? I remember her. Tony: Yeah still one of the richest mice in New York, but me and my \"wife\" will be next to her. Fievel: You're married… to Bridget? Tony: Yep… for 6 years now… and happily married too. She's perfect for me, you know? We're going to this ball and it will be our 6th anniversary Fievel: Wow, Congratulations. Tony: Thanks. I think she'd be really pleased to see you, you know, I… (he checks the time on his pocket watch) HOLY CRAP! Fievel: (startled) what… what is it? Tony: THEY ARRIVE AT TH TRAIN STATION IN TEN MINUTES COME ON WE GOTTA GO! Fievel: What? Are you serious? Tony: (Sarcastically) No. I'm just saying that for no reason at all. OF COURSE I'M SERIOUS COME ON! Fievel: Well I'm sorry, this was all so sudden… They both start running down the water tower, and ran towards a corner of the building where they climb onto a small basket that is connected to a rope and rolled it down the building onto the street using it like an elevator for mice. They step off the basket and find themselves in a situation: Fievel: Now what? Tony: Do you know the fastest way to Grand Central Station? Fievel: oh yeah like I would know after only being here for only 3 days. Tony: Damn. Fievel: What's the big deal? I mean they can just wait, right? Tony: That's the problem, Mausheimer doesn't like it when people are late, and when we finally get there she goes on and on about being on time and she goes on forever, trust me, this is a big deal listening to her lecture, come on. The place is at least 15 blocks from here. Fievel: Do we have a faster way to get there? Tony: Yeah… Run. They both ran through the streets bumping into different mice on the way, and running across dangerous streets. As they continue to run Fievel notices a carriage or a wagon without a horse pulling it. He stops for just a second: Fievel: Tony what is that thing? Tony: Come on, we can't linger. Fievel: Alright Alright! Tony: this is no time to look around! Fievel: I was just curious! It's not the end of the world you know! Tony: It is when we have Gussie Mausheimer! Meanwhile at the station Gussie and Bridget are still waiting for Tony to pick them up, Gussie starts her lecture, and Bridget just has to stand there and hear her talk: Gussie: Well where is that mouse, he is always late you know. Bridget: oh… don't worry, I'm sure he'll be here, if he could just— Gussie: you know he has to be here on time, there is no exception as to what he was doing when you say you'll be there, be there. There is just no exception. It's all common sense Bridget starts to get annoyed: Bridget: nope. No there isn't. Tony and Fievel later arrive at the train station. Tony looks on his watch and sees that they're around 5 minutes late. Tony had to order a wagon for her because seeing as how she is one of the richest mice in New York; he is obligated to bring her a wagon. He walks into a wagon shop next to the giant station and looks for the most luxurious wagon because everything for her has to be. Fievel: Tony… Tony: Shhh, we need a wagon. Fievel: Tony go pick them up and I'll get the wagon, you're 7 minutes late. Tony: No Filly. Fievel: It's okay I got this. Tony: You sure? Fievel: Yes I'm sure, go go go. Tony: Okay. Fievel looks for a wagon, while at the meantime, Tony looks for Gussie Mausheimer and Bridget. The place is crawling with mice so he needs to look everywhere. At the same time Bridget is listening to Gussie's lecture and is getting annoyed until she see's Tony and shouts to him. Bridget: Oh there he is, TONY! Tony sees her and walks towards them but trips over a male mouse in his mid-60's along the way. Tony: Oh no, I'm so sorry, you okay, I'm so sorry. Elderly Mouse: Oh dear, why don't you watch where you're going? Tony: I'm really sorry sir. He helps him up but the mouse is mad at him, Tony then picks up his cane and his handbag of course he mistakes it for something else: Tony: here sir, here's your cane(he hands him the cane) and your… your… purse? Elderly Mouse: Oh (snatches the bag from him) Give me that. It's a handbag you blithering idiot. Tony: Okay, I'm sorry. eesh. The angry mouse walks on while Tony shakes his head and walks towards the two women. Tony: Oh got here just in time right? Gussie: Boy are you wrong. How many times do I have to tell you? You need to be on time. If you say you're gonna be here at this time then you need to be here. Tony: (rolls his eyes) good to see you to. He walks towards Bridget and gives her a good kiss. Tony: Hey Bridget: Hey Tony: how are you? Bridget: Good. You? Tony: Great. Gussie: Oh come on let's go you two love birds. I'd like to get back to my home, it was a long way from Boston. They both roll their eyes and start walking out the train station. Gussie goes ramming on about Tony being late, until they see Fievel. Tony: Hey look Fievel's back. Gussie stops talking, and greets Fievel: Gussie: Well our great hero has returned. Fievel: Please don't call me that. Gussie: Okay. Now as I was saying Tony. Tony: Oh come on. Bridget: Filly! Fievel: Hey Bridget! Bridget tightly hugs Fievel. Bridget: Oh my, it's been years since I've seen you… my goodness you've grown. Fievel: Well… yeah, (he starts to blush, and so have you… well, I mean… Bridget starts to giggle at him. Bridget: You are still that little active boy every time I see you. Fievel: I'm Flattered. It has been a while. Bridget: Indeed it has. Tony: Oh come on, so I'm a few minutes late, big deal. Gussie: It is a big deal, I am an old woman and you're keeping me waiting like this. Fievel: Umm Gussie Musheimer? Gussie: What!? Fievel: its okay, Tony was just showing me the whole city on top of the water tower; he had forgotten what time it was. Go easy on him. Gussie: Alright I guess I'll let it go this one time. Now I'd like to go home. Fievel: No worries, I rented a wagon, seeing as how you need transportation, I thought that you'd be pleased. Well Tony wanted to do it first but I told him I'll take care of it. Gussie: Well that's very thoughtful of you two, I guess. Fievel: Come on. Let's go. Around 30 minutes later they were still riding a wagon for four pulled by two tree roaches into central park, where Gussie's house is hidden deep in the trees where almost no human will find. Even though they arrived at the Park they still had ways to go due to the park being so grand: Gussie: So, Fievel, how long have you been back. Fievel: Three days now. Gussie: Ah I see, and how do you like this city now after at least 14 years? Fievel: Well, I'm kind of astonished on how it changed. Still though, there are some parts that are still the same. Bridget: Yes well, it is a big city. Not all of it's gonna change, I'd probably say only 30 to 35 percent will change. Tony: Skyscrapers are getting taller, that's for sure. Fievel: Yeah, that's true. Gussie: Ah yes we're here. (To the Tree roaches) Fellas can you stop right here? Tree roach 1: Yes ma'am. They stop in front of a bush, Fievel seemed confused about this because he thought they were going to a house of some sort. Tony jumps off the coach and moves a few leaves out of the way to find a hidden road, there for the Wagons. Fievel: Huh, a road hidden in the bush, nice. Bridget: it's to keep it hidden from cats, and humans but mostly cats. Humans don't hunt mice in the park. Fievel: Pretty smart. Gussie: Yes, and I've been living here for years, and no cat have ever found this place. Fievel: Wow, after all these years. Tony: Yep, she keeps them low under cover. The Tree roaches pull the wagon down the road for another 5 minutes, and arrived at the dollhouse. Fievel: Wow it's pretty big. Tony: To us it may seem that big, but to humans it's only half their size. Fievel: nice. Gussie: Come on in, I'll get some drinks. The 4 mice enter the very nice looking dollhouse and at the same time the two roaches and take off and head back to the station. Fievel, was astonished looking at the house because it seemed so big on the inside then it did on the outside, for Fievel had not seen a house this big in person before. Fievel: Wow, I've never seen a house this big before. Tony: Well, you're not as rich and as powerful as she is. Fievel: True that. He takes a look around the house and notices a picture of her standing alongside another mouse. Fievel: Gussie, who is this? Gussie: That is William Mausheimer. Fievel: your husband. Gussie: Yes, he's been dead for quite some time. Fievel: Oh I'm sorry. Gussie: Don't be, it's not your fault. You want some drink. Fievel: Yeah. She pours the wine into four glasses for each of them. They held their drinks so that Gussie can make a toast. Gussie: Well here's to life. All: To life. They drink the wine, but Fievel doesn't like how it tastes and he starts turning green because he didn't like the taste of alcohol. Tony notices this and starts making fun of him. Tony: What's the matter Filly? Turning green? Fievel doesn't respond because he still has that ugly taste in his mouth. Tony: Don't tell me you've never even tried this before. Fievel: I—ugh—that's so ugly. Bridget and Tony start laughing at him. Bridget: is this your first time? Fievel: Y—yeah. I don't like this one. Gussie: Hold on there are others for you to try. She takes off towards her large kitchen to grab a wine that was made in 1887. She pours him the wine. Gussie: Here, it's Meursault-Perrieres try it, you'll like it. Fievel tastes it and he doesn't turn as green as he did before but it's visible in his face that he doesn't like it. Fievel: Better but still I don't like it. Bridget: What about flavored wine? Fievel: Flavored wine? Bridget: Yeah, Gussie do you have any green apple wine? Gussie: I suppose I do. Bridget: Lets go see. They both walk out leaving Tony and Fievel in the living room. Fievel looks around the entire place walking into the main area where there are stairs on each side. Tony: Not bad for a doll house right? Fievel: Yeah, not bad. It's big. Is it safe living in a dollhouse in the middle of Central Park? Tony: trust me I was thinking the same way you were, she's lived here for years and there have been no problems. It's Kind of unusual for a mouse, especially for a rich one. Fievel: Yeah well, rich people seem to have their own ways. Tony: Yeah especially Gussie. Fievel: Well not just rich people, everyone has their ways. Tony: Yeah true that. They Gussie and Bridget return with a Fruit flavored wine, hoping that Fievel will like this, Bridget pours him the glass. Bridget: Here you go. It's Oliver Strawberry. Fievel: Thanks. He starts drinking the wine and he doesn't turn green this time. He likes the flavored wine for he didn't gag like he did the last two times. Bridget: Like it? Fievel: Oh yes I like this one. I thought Alcohol wasn't flavored. Fievel holds out the glass signaling Bridget to pour more. Bridget: It's not supposed to be but we don't know the details of it. Tony: It's good isn't it? Fievel: Yes, better than the unflavored wine. Bridget: I thought so, it's sweeter. Fievel: Yeah I like it. Gussie: Well what time is it? Tony checks his golden pocket watch. Tony: It's about to be 8:30pm, we need to be going. Bridget: Right, Filly you're coming with us? Fievel: Of course, I got nowhere else to go. That is until I find my own place. Bridget: Well I hope it takes a while. Gussie wanted to ask Tony a question. Gussie: Tony, I- Tony: Yes I know, I'm sorry I was late it will never happen again, you here that I said I'm sorry. Gussie stares at him in silence for a few seconds. Gussie: Actually I was going to say I'm guessing you told Filly about the ball next weekend. Tony: Oh yeah, I did tell him about it. See Filly, she's hosting the Ball. Fievel: Really? No surprise there. Gussie: Yes it will be very formal; do you have something formal to wear? Fievel: Well… Gussie: Oh dear, you need to have something formal. Fievel: I don't have formal clothing. I mean I have suits and all—wouldn't that be good? Gussie: Hmm, I could but it no, you need a tuxedo. Tony would you see if you can find something for him? Tony: Of course, you can count on Tony, hey I'm a manager of a sweatshop remember? At least we got a whole four days until the Ball, it's next Saturday. 9 days from now. That should give you plenty of time to find yourself a formal tux. Fievel: Okay I guess thanks. Tony: No problem, like I said, count on me. Gussie: Okay well it's getting late, you don't want to be hunted at night, it's dangerous here at night so I advise you hurry it up on out of here. Don't bother waiting for transportation, I have my own wagon and the two tree roaches Larry and Gary will get you home. She Calls for them, however Bridget didn't want her to go through the trouble of assembling her transportation team but Gussie didn't mind, out of a door appeared these two tree roaches dressed in suits and ready to serve Gussie for any travel, both of them from London however when Larry speaks he has a very deep English accent that whatever he says is barely understood. Larry: I'll tell you what lads (Continues unintelligibly while referring to Fievel) He did bloody well for himself. Gary: That's right he did. Anyways what is it you need Gussie? Gussie: I need you to take these Mice back to their homes. Bridget: No really it's okay. Gary: No lass really, it will be our pleasure. Tony: Really. Gary: Larry and Gary, at your service, They both bow down to them. Fievel: Good. Thanks we appreciate it. Later the roaches drive a very fancy looking wagon with the three of them riding off, while Gussie is still inside her home. She wonders around her house and looks at it in such a strange way. She later walks up to her portrait of her and her husband and looks at it with love. She says with a soft voice: Gussie: Soon William, very soon. Half an hour later, the trio arrived at their home; Fievel is still staying with them until he finds a place of his own. They thank the two tree roaches for taking them back to their homes. Inside the house Bridget was taking her bag upstairs to unpack, while Fievel and Tony were downstairs getting their last drinks of the night, while Tony was getting some flavored wine Fievel asked Tony a question about the time when he said something about a rumor. Fievel: Tony? Tony: Yeah, what is it? Fievel: Remember that little girl we ran into the other day? Tony: Yeah, what about her? Fievel: She seemed frightened, and you said there was a rumor about mice disappearing around lower Manhattan. Well do you know the Details? Tony: Honestly, no. But they say that it happens whenever a mouse is alone on the streets. I don't know. It's been happening for about 3 weeks but stopped 1 week ago. I don't know what's happening but whatever it is, it's weird. Fievel: gee, I don't know what to say, it is weird. Tony: Yeah but I wouldn't worry about it. Only three people per week as well, that means nine mice are missing and without a trace as well. Fievel: Hmm, kind of strange. Tony: Yeah, but don't dwell on it. I'm pretty sure they'll find out something. Fievel: Hopefully. Tony: Well goodnight. I gotta go to bed. I'm tired. Fievel: Okay. Let's finish these drinks first. They both chug their drinks down seeing if they can beat each other. Tony of course wins because he's had more experience with alcohol then Fievel. Tony: Hah, I win. Fievel: Duh, you've been drinking wine a lot longer than I have. Tony: (chuckles) okay, goodnight. Fievel: Night. Fievel heads to his room and shuts the door behind him. Meanwhile, Tony enters his room, and sees that Bridget is not there, he changes into his pijamas, brushes his teeth and lays on his bed, then Bridget enters through the bedroom door, wearing a beautiful red dress, with her hair rolled in a ball on the back of her head, and with one hair curls running down each side of her temple. Tony: Wow, you look beautiful. Bridget says nothing and approaches him. She bents over the bed and kisses him on the lips. Bridget: Thanks, I bought it at Boston, it's for the ball. She turns 160 degrees to show him the back side of her dress; Tony is of course very aroused by her looks from the back. Bridget: Like it? Tony: oh, Lei è una ragazza calda cercando. (You are one hot looking girl.) Bridget: Mi piace che 'si sta chiamando me una ragazza. (I love that you're calling me a girl.) Tony: Yeah, you've always looked so hot in your dresses. She says nothing else but approaches the bed and kisses him again. Bridget: Flatterer. Tony: Well—I try. She takes off to change into PJ's. Meanwhile in Fievel's room, he is in bed shirtless and just happens to be looking out the window at a bright full moon. He remembers the time when he was a kid when he first arrived in the United States. He kind of remembers a song that he sung that night at the moon. He slowly whistles the first ten notes of the song as he falls to sleep. ","Summary":" AAT: CH2 – BRIDGET AND GUSSIE MAUSHIMER It was a pretty nice sunny day in the streets of New York. "},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"MISPLACED IDENTITY","Author":"hechtmanelijah6","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10511111","Passage":"[Chapter 1] FADE IN. We open up outside a restaurant in the style of the \"Nighthawks\" painting. A rainy afternoon even. We go inside and find two humans. One is a woman working behind the counter, while the other, a man in a fedora, is one of few customers. MAN: (Reaches in his pocket) Oh, darn... RESTAURANT LADY (RL): Is there a problem, sir? MAN: I lost my cell phone, I need to call my wife. RL: Here, you can borrow mine. (pulls out her phone) MAN: Thanks. VOICE: (o.s.) I can top that, 'cuz I lost something more important than mobile (pronounces it as \"moe-beel\") devices... We pan to reveal TIGER, dressed in overcoat and fedora. TIGER: ...more important than the importance of standing guard...I lost my...identity... (beat) MAN: But...we don't know who you are... TIGER: My point exactly. And it all started on a Wednesday morning...(makes woo-woo sounds as we ripple dissolve to...TIGER in a nightcap and gown snoozing in an alley) I had this crazy dream about the cream and the corn... We hear the sound of the alarm clock ringing... TIGER: (wakes with a start) Gah! (sfx: football airhorn) What cream corn?! Did they pop?! (looks at the time and stops alarm clock) GASP! The station! I'm late for work! (wheezing hysterically) Oh, gee, goshy cakes! I'm in a real pickle-flavored stew! TIGER frantically and quickly changes outta his PJs and slips on his usual everyday purple shirt and his uniform: a simple late 19th-century styled police hat, which we saw him wear at the end of \"The Treasure of Manhattan Island\". While running to his workplace, brushes his teeth, eats a piece of buttered toast, and takes a quick look at the latest issue of the Daily Nibbler. We see him running past a few bystanders, both mice and humans. TIGER: Sorry! Pardon me! 'Scuse me! Police chief comin' through! TIGER slides into the doorway of the mice police station underneath the human police station. (sfx: tire skid) Jackie Colby, the mouse police station manager, walks over to Tiger. JACKIE COLBY (JC): Tiger! About time you got here! TIGER: (pants) Oh...sorry, Mr. Colby...I just got a little messed up this morning, ya know. Been up all night (pulls out a TV Guide with a picture of space aliens) watchin' a four-day sci-fi movie marathon. (sfx: outer space) JC: Yeah, I've been through that myself, except I've seen a lotta cop-dramas on my off-days and days-off, 'specially a cop drama about fish. (nice reference to \"Fish Police\", a fishified cop-drama by Hanna-Barbera) Anyhoo, I have a special announcement for everybody! POLICE MOUSE #1: (he's one of the same police mice team who worked with Chief McBrusque) Ooh, ooh! Do we get pie charts on the population of Antarctica? TIGER: Do we get a pizza pie? And maybe some doughnuts? JC: No and maybe. It's uniform inspection day, which will start at 4:30 this afternoon. Anybody who doesn't pass irons my shirts for the next two weeks! (all cops gasp) (sfx: lady shrieks) JC: Have a nice day, pastry chefs. (walks away) (sfx: door slam) TIGER: (worried) Oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy...I hope it's nothing serious. POLICE MOUSE #2 (PM2): Oh, he's always serious. You know what happened when he caught me asleep on the job? TIGER: Uh-uh. PM2: He'd have to make me wear ladies' clothing! TIGER: (shocked) Zuh? (head pops off and back on) PM2: (background changes to red/white swirly) The humiliation, the pain it causes my feet in high heels (sfx: wolf whistle), then they'll call me a \"weenie-girl\"! POLICE MOUSE #3: Dude, that's nothing! Last year, he threatened me to have me bound and gagged to a box of sardines for three hours if I let a few thieves run loose. What's up with that, the stench? I'm gonna puke. TIGER: Well, I like sardines, 'specially canned sardines. JC: (over P.A.) Whaddya figure skaters standin' around for? (P.A. turns into mouth) GET! TO! WORK! Next scene, we see Tiger patrolling the streets of Manhattan, swinging his nightstick and whistling \"A Duo\" from the original American Tail movie. Then we hear a shrill voice. SHRILL VOICE: (o.s.) HELP! (the word \"HELP!\" in big bright red letters zips in) I said...HEEEEELLLLLLLP! (then it turns blue and expands almost to the entire frame, then pops like a balloon) TIGER: Harkin' hairballs! A cry for help! (mid-air runs to the sound of bongos) Never fear, chief-of-police is here! (zips out without his hat) Dun-duh-duh-dah! (his paw stretches back into frame and grabs hat) TIGER stops to find a female mouse with a map. (the second singer of \"We Live in Manhattan\", with all brown fur, a braided double ponytail, wearing a white hat, red shirt, white apron, and maroon skirt) TIGER: Morning, good citizen! What's the trouble here, a robbery? Destruction of your place? Lack of cheese? FEMALE MOUSE: I'm lost, and I'm can't find Pat's Music Store for the life of me! I'm late for the big sale, and this map seems to be outdated. (reference to Pat Musick, voice of Tony Toponi) TIGER: (takes map from female mouse, looks at it) Hmm...you're right, can't say I blame ya. This drawing of the store looks ugly! I mean, some grubby-McGrubgrub should go to art school and learn how not to use marinara sauce as a paint. (licks it off) There we go, good as new! (chuckles and gives the map back) I think... FEMALE MOUSE: (looks at map) Oh...so, that's what got me walking in circles. My kids should clean their own plates instead of having me to use the dishwasher. Thank you, Mr...uh...(looks at Tiger's shirt suspiciously)...erm... TIGER: (confused) Whatsamatter? Is there, uh, somethin' in my face? Zoom into left side of Tiger's face, a few fleas are playing poker. FEMALE MOUSE: Actually, I can't thank you properly without you wearing a solitary nametag. TIGER: Oh! (laughs) No, ma'am, no. You got it all wrong here. See, uh, it actually does so happen I'm already wearing it, see? Heh. Closeup to Tiger's shirt (sfx: crickets chirping) TIGER: (double take) (sfx: glass shattering) (panicked wheezing, then kneels dramatically, head facing the sky) NNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOO! That's what he yells out economically loud enough that we cut to the following characters who hear it: The Mousekewitz family about to have their breakfast. (Yes, Tanya is in the same outfit from the 1st, 3rd, and 4th movies) Tony Toponi about to hand the Daily Nibbler to the same mouse with the glasses, gray fur, brown overalls, and light blue shirt, who was like, \"How 'bout cutting us in?\" Nellie Brie and Reed Daley in the Daily Nibbler office Cholena, Chief Wulisso (her father), and Tankho (the handmaiden) in their world Henri and his pigeon friends flying Dr. Dithering in his laboratory Several mice at the cheese factory (stock clip from \"The Treasure of Manhattan Island\") Scuttlebutt chatting with Grasping, Toplofty, and O'Bloat at the Club des Grands Fromages Several humans at the park Then zoom-out from Earth and the solar system TIGER: (sprinting, waving his arms like a maniac) No-no-no-no-no-no-no! I lost my nametag! My identity! My ID! My license and registration! I gotta find it! TIGER starts looking for his nametag in various places: Trash cans (\"Not in here!\") Pokes his head into a tree (\"Any ID in here?!\") Gets hit by chittering squirrel with acorns and a frying pan Dunks his head in the river (\"Nope! Not heeeeeeeerrrreee...\") Then gets sucked into a drain, then pops out from inside a pudgy man's bathtub. TIGER: (yells at the sight of the bathing man) MAN: (yells at the sight of Tiger) (both yell at the sight of each other) MAN: (bonks TIGER's head several times with a scrub brush at a crazy-fast pace) cut to TIGER on top of a railroad coach. He's keepin' a sharp eye on the view, finding his nametag. Then, WHAM! we cut to a black background with yellow stars flying into the camera, then back to TIGER. He's hit the tunnel and falls off flat as a pancake after the train leaves. Cut back to the city where TIGER slouching and panting... TIGER: (pants) I.D.? YOO-HOO! Olly-olly-income-free! (falls flat on stomach and face, muffled sighs) I can't get inspected without it... TONY: (o.s.) Yo, Tiger! (walks over to him) Whoa! Why the long fat face? TIGER: (muffled) I lost my identity... TONY: Uh, sorry, can't make heads, tails, or fur a' that. TIGER: (picks his face up, flattened) I said, \"I lost my identity.\" (face pops back to regular size) TONY: (chuckles) C'mon, get real! I know who you are, and everybody knows who you are, (turns to camera) even our loyal fanbase knows who you are! TIGER: Yeah, well, not everybody I don't know! Ooh, this is a serious, cataclysmic, catastrophic catastrophe! Seriously! TONY: (aside glance) Boy, I'll say. (to Tiger) What could be so bad anyways? Been eatin' paste again? TIGER: (holding a can of red paste and licking lips) Mmm, yes, except it's tomato paste. And it's not really that bad, though. (throws it offscreen and we hear cat screeching sfx as crash) But this is MORE serious than you can imagine! I lost my identity, as in my \"nametag\"! TONY: Ahhh...how come? I mean, no one's gonna replace it if lost or stolen, 'cuz... TIGER: (in Tony's face) WHAT?! (sfx: elephant trumpet) (wheezes) Well, what if it did get stolen, huh? I'm innocent, I tell ya! (echoes: \"Innocent, innocent...\") cut to fantasy, we see a human hippie walk by, and finds TIGER's nametag on the sidewalk HIPPIE: (looks down) Huh? Hey, a nametag! (picks it up) Whoa! Like, my folks called me \"Tiger\" when I was still in diapers! (puts it on) Groovy! Bring it on, freedom fighters! (bounces off merrily) cut back to TIGER and TONY TIGER: (ADR SFX: woman screaming) (wheezes and faints) TONY: Tiger? (runs up to his face and opens one eye, it reads in red letters \"TILT\", the sound of a pinball game is heard) Cheese louise, those relapses are lookin' better everyday. (whistles) A buff-looking human paramedic skids into frame with an AED. He rubs it together. PARAMEDIC: CLEAR! (shocks Tiger back to full health) TIGER: (sits up, feeling dizzy) Huh? Kumquat! (looks up at paramedic) Oh, heh-hee, thanks, I needed that. TONY: 'Kay, look, ya know what I'd do when I have a hard time rememberin' where I lose stuff? I just retrace my steps! TIGER: (snaps his fingers) Ooh...I know what you mean! Cut to another street, TIGER's pawprints lie all over the ground from black paint. The ground is almost like following dance steps. TIGER: (chuckles) Well, whaddya think? Huh? TONY: (in typical Yakko Warner fashion) Ehh...Tiger, I don't... TIGER: (starts dancing on the steps he painted in which we hear that same techno music piece from the scene where the Time Squad breakdances for Caesar (composed by Michael Tavera), then loses balance and trips over the mouse (the white mouse with the cap, who threw Fievel off his back, \"Buzz off, kid!\") who is about to unload a bag of sweet potatoes in a crate, shipping to market) (nervous chuckle) CAP MOUSE: (coughs after he pushes himself from under Tiger) Hey, buddy, look where you're leapin' next time! TIGER: (gets up) Sorry. TONY: (o.s.) Ay-hem! (walks over) Not exactly what I meant by \"retracin' your steps\". TIGER: Hey, it was starting to be pretty good. FIEVEL: (o.s.) Hi guys! (walks over) Uh, what's up with the pawprints all over the floor? TONY: Oh, y'know, Mr. Unidentified Deputy here pulled some kinda new belly dance. FIEVEL: Huh? Whaddya mean? TIGER: Oh, uh, just some nametag I misplaced, and I can't handle the inspection without it! FIEVEL: Oh... TONY: Ya-huh! (to Tiger) So, (pulls out pad and pencil) when didja last have it witdja? (starts writing as TIGER answers) TIGER: Yesterday before I took a nice, refreshing hot bath... FIEVEL: Maybe you left it at the laundromat afterwards? TONY: What? Why the laundromat? I mean, I get a little nauseous from watchin' the spin cycle, 'specially on TV. TIGER: Yeah, same here, (eyes turn spiral to sound of record spinning) even I, uh, feel all squeezy from hearing \"spin cycle\". Meh... FIEVEL: Not me, but I think it's best for Tanya to do the work by paw. Still, where else could you find what you lost? (Jeopardy-style music plays) FIEVEL, TIGER, TONY: Hmm... They are frozen, thinking for several seconds, then...three lightbulbs flash overhead FIEVEL, TIGER, TONY: The Lost 'n Found! (anime-like rotating background) Next scene, takes us to a store called \"Lost 'n Found\", we zoom in and cut to Tiger, Tony, and Fievel on a counter, talking with a smartly-dressed, human employee. TIGER: ...and that's why I'm looking for my identity, and I've got an important meeting this afternoon! MAN: Hmm...I'm sorry, sir, but the only nametags we've got waiting in this store (brings out a box and searches through it and places nametags on table) are for Lacey, Kirschner, and Tingblad to pick up. (more reference to Lacey Chabert, the voice of Tanya, David Kirschner, the original movie's creator, and animation director, Kirk Tingblad) TONY: (weakly) Yahoo... TIGER: Gee, those names look, eh, mighty confusing... FIEVEL: Yeah, I'd totally hate to be the guy who wears a tag with a girly nickname. TONY: We'll take Tingblad! FIEVEL/TIGER: What? (sfx: monkey screech) FIEVEL: Are you crazy, Tony? What if they don't know Tiger's name, and they start calling him \"Tingblad?\" TONY: (takes the Tingblad nametag) Unless we find this Tingblad person. (puts it on Tiger's shirt) TIGER: You, uh, sure they won't even find the diff? The three walk out of the store TONY: Absitively posalutely. (nudges Fievel) Ain't that right, Filly? FIEVEL: Hopefully, I guess. After all, what could possibly go wrong? MAITRE'D: (o.s.) Ah, monsieur Tingblad. Three stop walking FIEVEL: I had to ask. A human maitre'd with an Italian-like moustache and French accent, he's a few feet taller than Tiger, walks over to Tiger MAITRE'D: Your reserved table is already waiting for you. TIGER: My table? (looks around) MAITRE'D: Oui, your table. You requested the 2:45 reservation yesterday, and are you not lucky? You came exactly at the right time. TIGER: Uh, uh, sorry, mister, (nervous chuckle) I didn't...(Tony elbows him) OW! Oh, uh, yeah, my table, uh, sure, I could, heh, use a good meal! MAITRE'D's hand grabs TIGER by the paw MAITRE'D escorts TIGER to the interior of the FENTONS country club FIEVEL: Oh boy, I've got a bad feeling about this. TONY: Ah, don't sweat it, Filly. I'd give it 'bout an hour or two before the \"real\" Tingblad shows up. Trust me. MALE VOICE: (o.s.) Excuse me, young boys. FIEVEL and TONY look up, and we pan up to a slim, kind, human gentleman in a top hat, baton, and suit. SLIM MAN: Have you, by some chance, seen my nametag? I was supposed to pick it up at the Lost and Found. FIEVEL gives TONY a glare (sfx: cow moo) TONY: (gulps) Although I could be wrong about that... Cut to the interior of FENTONS, we find TIGER at the reserved TINGBLAD table WAITER: (walks to table, he has a British accent) And how may I have the pleasure of taking your order? TIGER: (looking in his menu) Uh, let's see, uh...(muttering as we hear typewriter sfx) Oh yeah. I'll have me a Flounder Flambe, a fruit salad, and...oh, yeah, a saucer of milk! And for dessert, uh, swiss cheese ice cream topped with parmesan sprinkles. WAITER: Terribly sorry, sir, but we are out of swiss cheese ice cream. TIGER: (sadly) Awww...(sfx: air deflation)(perks up to sound of wrestling bell) okay, ah, make it a blurpleberry ice cream with cherry sprinkles. WAITER: (finishes writing down order) Very well...(now interrupted by...) SLIM MAN: (o.s.) Hold it right there! anime-like rushing pan to the real \"TINGBLAD\" with FIEVEL and TONY on each shoulder (sfx: electric guitar) TIGER: Wuh-oh... WAITER: Ah, good afternoon, Mr. Tingblad. I was just finishing taking Mr. Tingblad's order. TINGBLAD: (walks over) I'm afraid you're sadly mistaken, waiter. These mice here have informed me that this is not me, that is a cat who is wearing MY nametag. Closeup to Tingblad's nametag WAITER: (takes closer look at TIGER) Hmm... TIGER: (nervous chuckle, then sigh) So, you found the real deal? (takes Tingblad's nametag off his shirt) I'm so, so, soooo sorry, Mr. Tinglebrad. TINGBLAD: (receives his nametag) It's \"Tingblad\". And no hard feelings, my good man, I've lost this about seven times. TONY: Ya not the only hotshot here who's lost an identity. TIGER: Yeah, see, we're still looking for mine, and I've got (holds up his wrist, he's wearing a watch) only an hour left before inspection. TINGBLAD: That must be very important. TIGER: (grabs TINGBLAD by the coat) It IS important! Very, very, very, VEEERRRYY important! (wheezes) I dunno how much more of this pressure I can take! (moans, then faints to sfx of synth warbling) (beat) FIEVEL: Uh, you haven't seen it, have you? TINGBLAD and the WAITER shake their heads FIEVEL/TONY: (sigh) TINGBLAD: Well, you three are welcome to stay for the meal. FIEVEL: Thanks, but please tell them whatever Tiger ordered, he can pick up later, okay? TONY: Yeah, heh, don't mind him, sirs, he's always like that, mostly 'round the dogs. FIEVEL: Though, he's part dog, 'cause he's got a great sniffer, and he tends to bark at anyone who causes mischief to the city, like Scuttlebutt. TINGBLAD: How unusual. Next scene, FIEVEL and TONY drag TIGER out of the country club FIEVEL/TONY: (grunts) (pants) TONY: He never got his grub yet, but I dunno what he ate this mornin'. FIEVEL: Tell me about it. FIEVEL and TONY zip out from him, then back, TONY holding up a glass of warm buttermilk, and FIEVEL with an electric fan set to high, the scent lines from the milk fly right to TIGER's nose TIGER: (sniffs, then wakes up to sfx of chicken clucking) Buttermilk? (snatches glass then drinks in one gulp) Ah...(burps) Ooh! Heh, 'scuse me! (tosses glass offscreen and we hear smash) FIEVEL: Sorry about your ID, Ty. TONY: Yeah, it oughta be a drag to iron shirts for the bossman, and then what? His PJ's? I mean, can't he iron his own clothes for a change? TIGER: Oh, what's the point, you guys? Even with a nametag on me, I'm not the sharpest knife in the kitchen to iron my own shirts, even if they're turned inside-out! Probably should've done this when we used that Tim-Bang's nametag, I think? FIEVEL/TONY: \"Tingblad\". TIGER: Right. FIEVEL and TONY do a double take (sfx: record scratch) FIEVEL and TONY look at each other slyly TONY: You thinkin' what I'm thinkin', Lincoln? FIEVEL: Oh, yeah... FIEVEL and TONY look closely at TIGER's shirt, then cut to closeup of TIGER's shirt collar, we see a tag TIGER: What? What ARE you guys thinking? What'cha lookin' at? TONY: Heh! I think ya know... FIEVEL: ...what YOU'RE looking at? TIGER: What? It's, uh, just a little tag, nothing pers...(sfx: clang!)(looks at tag, then at FIEVEL and TONY, then at tag, and so on a few more times) (gasps) My shirt's inside out! (hides head inside shirt and he sees something stuck to it) My nametag! FIEVEL/TONY: Bingo! (high-five) TIGER: (laughs, and flips his shirt back to where it's supposed to be) TA-DAH! (sfx: \"TA-DAH\" fanfare) I had my identity with me this whole time, and I didn't even realize! (all three laugh) FIEVEL: Talk about (eyes spin-outta-control) your weird days as a chief-of-police. (laughs) TONY: Woo! (sheds tear) Even if ya (pulls out wrist, he has a watch too) got only a half-hour left before inspection. (long silence, then Tiger does a take to another glass-shattering effect) TIGER: (paws on head) HALF-HOUR! (mid-air runs) Oh-gee-oh-gee-oh-gee-oh-gee...(zips off frame) OH, GEE! FIEVEL: (calls out) Good luck! (to Tony) So, stop over at my place? TONY: Word up! Next scene at the police station JC: Front and center! Every policemouse is lined up, including feline chief-of-police Tiger. JACKIE COLBY has a pad to check whoever passes or fails. Later, he goes to one police-mouse standing next to TIGER. JC: (writes in pad) Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. (sniffs policemouse's armpit) Hmph! Promise me you'll shower tonight, then you pass. Next! (walks over to TIGER, writes in pad) Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Everything seems to be in order. TIGER: Phew! JC: Except...(takes closer look at TIGER's shirt, feels something moist) A-ha! Just as I suspected! TIGER: (worried) What? Please tell me it's not... JC: Oh, it is! (turns hand to camera for closeup) Sweat! TIGER: (gasps) Oh, Mr. C, I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I had my shirt inside out, and I thought I lost my ID! Please don't make me iron your shirts! Please, please, please! JC: What are you talking about? I was only threatening you. TIGER: Hubba-wha? JC: It's a \"boss\" thing, it happens all the time in cartoons. TIGER: Oh...heh-heh...well, whew! That's a relief. JC: However, because of how sweaty your shirt is, you're ironing my shirts for five days! TIGER: (gasps) (sfx: woman shriek) JC: Unless you have more clean shirts, then you pass. TIGER: (sighs) Whoop-de-doo. (ripple dissolve back to present) TIGER: (woo-woo sounds) And that's how I got my identity back safe and sound. MAN: (yawns) RL: Well, that was the perfect time to kill twelve minutes, but I still don't see why you couldn't even think straight. TIGER: Well, you know me, short-term memory lapse, but thanks though...uh...(points to nametag) Donna. RL: (looks at nametag) Wha-? Oh, my name's not Donna. That's from a friend of mine. Mine's at the laundromat, so I'm afraid you won't have a chance to know my name until I get it back. TIGER: (looks at camera as we iris out) ","Summary":" FADE IN. We open up outside a restaurant in the style of the \"Nighthawks\" painting. A rainy after"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"A Lady and her Cat","Author":"ChaosMagemon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12677731","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (A little one shot featuring the most unanswered concept in all of Fievel Goes West. Who is Cat R. Waul's owner, and what was going through her head during her trip to Green River and coming across Cat R. Waul.) My name's Angelique Saunders. I came to New York from England because I've always wanted to see America. I came bringing only what belongings I had, but they were nothing compared to my most valuable treasure. My beloved kitty who I named Pussy-poos. I never went anywhere without him. Even on dates I would always bring him with me. My dates thought it was unorthodox to bring a pet on a date, but I didn't care. But one night I woke up and found my cat had gotten out of my home. I was so worried about him being lost out on the cold streets of New York, hungry and frightened, wishing for comfort from my soft voluptuous bosom. And it couldn't have been worse timing. I was planning to go out West to the town of Green River tomorrow for a change of scenery. I had already made arrangements and couldn't take it back now. With much reluctance I had hoped my precious darling would survive out there. I like many others took the train bound for Green River. It was a long ride, but I made time by thinking about my precious cat. When the train finally pulled into Green River, me and the rest of the passengers dismounted and went to check into our lodgings. Green River was a small town and nothing too special. But compared to New York it wasn't so noisy. I spent the day walking around town and getting to know the locals and other travelers. But the one place that caught my eye was the saloon. I decided to go there the next day and found it was a lively place, there was all sorts of cowpolk, show girls, and other people there having fun. The drinks there were exquisite, but I made sure not to drink too much or risk waking up with someone I hardly even know the day after. I was invited by a cowboy to a table to play a game of cards. I looked at my hand of cards deciding on what move I should make, until suddenly something burst up from the floor in a brown blur. I threw my cards up in shock, but my look of shock changed into a look of pure joy. For there he was, my darling little Pussy-poos. I don't know how, why, or when he made it to Green River, but I didn't care. I was just so overjoyed to see him. I'll never forget the equally shocked look on his face when he looked at me. Suddenly he turned and started looking like he was running away. I was afraid he was going to fall, so I quickly grabbed him and smothered him into my breast cooing his name, \"Oh, Pussy, Pussy, Pussy, Pussy! Pussy Pussy! Oh, Pussy!\" Suddenly in a pop, my cat slipped out and fell back down through the floor to who knows where. I sighed thinking I had lost him again, while I noticed the cowboy I was sitting with looked at me as if I had a problem. He got up and left looking like he didn't wanna be near me anymore. That was his loss. Later on, as I enjoyed a drink I saw many of the saloon people scream and panic. When I saw the source of the commotion being a little mouse being chased by a big spider I too panicked by climbing up onto my seat while holding the bottom of my red dress up so none of the two would try and crawl up me. Then one of the cowboys pulled out a pistol and shot at the barrel of ale the two creatures climbed up on, and I could've sworn I heard the spider shout out, \"Bugger Face!\" suddenly the barrel of ale collapsed releasing its content, much to everyone's disappointment. That must've been some very good stuff. When nighttime came, I left the saloon and returned to my lodging. I looked out the window knowing my beloved cat was still out there. Even though I was relieved he was alive, I dreaded what may happen to him. As dangerous as the streets of New York were, the West wasn't so peaceful either. He could be snatched up by a hawk, attacked by rattlesnakes or scorpions, but I knew if he was able to make it to this town in one piece, then I knew he would be able to survive. I spoke hoping he would hear me, \"Goodnight, Pussy-poos. Mommy loves you.\" and with that I turned in. The very next day, I spent the time looking around hoping to find my precious kitty, but I had no such luck. I even asked around, but no one had seen him. I had noticed plenty of other cats around though, but none of them compared to the adorableness of my darling Pussy. Then as the sun began setting, I knew it was time for me to catch the next train out of town and back home. I hated to once again leave knowing my cat followed me all the way here. But perhaps I had to face the music and that he wasn't coming back. I sighed while boarding the train. I took my seat as the train took off. As I lamented on the loss of my precious feline, I was brought out of my thoughts upon hearing someone scream \"REVENGE!\" I looked over and once again to my shock, my precious kitty was outside a train window clinging to a mailbag the train had somehow caught hold of, \"Oh, Pussy-poos!\" I cheered with joy, as I quickly ran from my seat to the open window to pull him in to safety, \"Come to mommy, darling!\" I said, as I tried to pull him in, but for some reason wasn't easy. I suspected he was so frightened of falling he dug his claws into the mailbag. I was determined to save my cat so with all my might I pulled him into the train and held him close. \"There now, Pussy-poos. You're safe now,\" I soothed him, while bringing him back to my seat. I suddenly noticed he was dressed in a red suit and cape. I don't know where he's been, but this was not the attire befitting of my precious Pussy-poos, even though we currently matched in red colored attire, \"Don't worry, Pussy, Mommy has a new outfit for you to wear.\" So I began removing that garment of his leaving him a bare naked cat. For starters I covered his little tootsies with baby blue colored baby booties. Around his neck I placed a baby blue bow making him wear it like a tie, and finally atop his head I placed a baby blue baby bonnet. For some reason he refused to relinquish that monocle he had over his left eye. Despite knowing how it clashed with his adorable look, I reluctantly allowed him to wear it. I sat him down on a pink frilly throw pillow I had with me on my lap, \"Oh, I'm so glad to have you back, Pussy. I was worried something had happened to you,\" I told him, \"But you came all this way just to find me. You're so smart,\" I wrapped my left arm around his furry torso to hold him closer, \"Well, don't you worry, honey. Because Mommy's going to take care of you forever and ever and ever!\" I laughed with joy, as I patted his little head three times, before laying my hold head on his noggin and ruffled it all around. My breasts shook with me, but I knew that's the part he especially liked about me. I would never know how it happened, but I didn't care. All that matter was that I was reunited with my Pussy-poos, and as I promised him would take special care of him forever. And I knew he was just as glad to be back with me again. Or was he? (And that's it. I know it seemed rushed and what not, but it's a little something I've been thinking about ever since I saw Fievel Goes West years ago. I mean call me obsessed, but you don't just put an overly buxom woman in a kids movie without making some kind of note of how she came to be Waul's owner and how he first escaped her before heading to Green River. Well, this was my take. I don't know what anyone else thinks of the scene.) ","Summary":" (A little one shot featuring the most unanswered concept in all of Fievel Goes West. Who is Cat R. "},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"Allie Comes Over","Author":"Demonlord5000","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12524388","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Mousekewitz household was bustling with excitement. Food was being made, dishes were being placed, Yasha was crying... A LOT. Fievel and Tanya were setting the table, while Tanya was grumbling about something. \"Oh! I cannot wait!\" Mama exclaimed, trying to calm Yasha down. \"Ever since Tanya stormed in complaining about Fievel having a girlfriend, I've been dying to meet her. Tanya, sweetie, stop complaining!\" \"She's just jealous.\" Fievel joked. \"I am not jealous!\" Tanya snapped. \"I just happen to have woken up in a bad mood!\" \"For the past week?\" Tanya turned away. \"I would love to know how you and Allie met Fievel.\" Papa cut in. \"Oh! Well, it's actually a really funny story-\" He was cut off by a knock the door. \"Oh! She's here!\" He practically lunged at the door, throwing it open to reveal Allie. \"Fievie!\" Allie exclaimed, hugging him and giving him a peck on the cheek. \"This is your family? Nice to meet you!\" \"Hello there dear.\" Mama responded. \"Fievel told us all about you. Do you like cheese soup?\" Allie nodded. \"Yep! Love it!\" XXXX There was mostly silence for the next ten minutes, save for Yasha crying. \"So, Allie dear.\" Papa began \"Are you enjoying yourself?\" Allie nodded. \"Absolutely Mr. Mousekewitz! I've never gotten to make my own plate before! Usually the servents do that!\" \"...Servents?\" \"Yep! I come from a very noble family. My father says our family is second only to Gussie Mausheimer, just barely though.\" There was silence, until Tanya spoke up. \"AND she's RICH!\" She huffed, clearly upset. \"Tanya, finish your food before you start pouting.\" Mama demanded. \"Allie likes to sing too!\" Fievel chimed in. Allie turned red. \"Oh, well, not really in front of others. I can make an exception for Fievel, but...\" \"That sounds fascinating!\" Mama spoke up. \"Tanya's taken an interest in singing recently.\" \"Maybe Allie can give you lessons.\" Fievel suggested. \"Are you saying I'm a bad singer!?, Tanya snapped. \"No, I'm saying Allie's a better singer than you.\" There was silence for a moment, before Tanya used her spoon to fling her food at Fievel, who ducked out of the way. \"Tanya! Clean that up this instant!\" Mama demanded, pointing to where the food had landed on the floor. Tanya got up, grumbling to herself. \"So, Allie, not to come of as rude or anything, but what is it you see in Fievel anyway?\" Papa asked. \"Oh, well, Fievie's really sweet, and he's always making time for me, and he helps take my mind of my plans to murder my dad.\" There was a long moment of silence as everyone but Fievel stared at her. \"...Who wants dessert?\" Mama finally asked. ","Summary":" The Mousekewitz household was bustling with excitement. Food was being made, dishes were being plac"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"Know What's In The Heart","Author":"strong man","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12074664","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first of Fievel's American Tails. Description: I remember owning \"An American Tail: The Treasure of Manhattan Island\" on VHS and I never actually paid attention to Tiger, only the enjoyment of the movie. I didn't own any others besides that one. Pairing: Tiger/Wylie Burp, Cat R. Waul/Honest John (Slash) Date: July 15 Rated: K In the Wild West at night, Wylie was resting under a rocking chair when he heard hard crying in one of the abandoned restaurants so he got up and cracked his back before heading over there. He didn't know which building it was coming from, but he saw water filling up rather slowly \"Now, what's wrong with that dang cat? He asked himself. (0) Fievel and his family were complaining about the commotion going on outside. \"Ugh, I'm never going to get my beauty sleep\" Said Tanya putting her pillow on the back of her head and plopped back down. \"Honestly, can't Tiger be any more annoying when he's not trying to be? Pa asked. \"I agree, somebody needs to tell him that it's the middle of the night,\" Ma said after her husband. \"Okay, I'll go talk to him.' Fievel said feeling like he was the only solution and got up out of bed then about to go out of his mouse hole until the Great Dane You got on and get some sleep now, I got this' He whispered to the mouse before walking passed him then Fievel turned around and walked right into bed. \"Well? Pa asked hoping the crying is handled. \"Wylie Burp is going to take care of it\" He explained before yawning and gone to sleep. Knowing that there gonna have a quiet night, the Mousekewitz went back to their slumber. Wylie walked up the steps and the cries increased so he got close up and looked through the window to get a better view, he saw broken chairs, cobwebs, broken tables and a dusty scenery all round then right in the middle of the room was Tiger rolling on the ground with his eyes covered. \"Poor guy' he sighed \"Better go get him to hush up,\" The Dane said before stepping back to find the right route to take without causing a flood. (0) Inside, Tiger was crying like a baby cause of something that had been going on for five years, Miss Kitty had passed away of a fatal heart attack. He used his tail as a kleenex to wipe his eyes and blow his nose with \"Gosh, What have I done? The Tabby asked himself through his years, putting her death on his selfish acts before resumed crying. He spied on a rope next to him but ignored it, bending his failed watch of someone trying to get in. He didn't care about his anymore. He was startled by a drop down making him fall backward, he looked to see that it was none other than Wylie Burp. \"Where'd you come from? Tiger asked his first question. \"It doesn't matter, what's the problem? He asked. Tiger just turned his head away cause it was just too heartbreaking to bare. Wylie got on one knee and put a hand on his shoulder. \"Please, I wanna help you,\" The Dane softly said. The cat looked back at him in his puppy dog face making Wylie sigh then and sat down next to him while comforted him. Tiger took this time and fell onto Wylie's shoulder and cried \"It's about Miss Kitty\" He said sniffing. \"I'm listening' He said trying to get comfortable. Tiger took this time and fell onto Wylie's shoulder and cried \"It's about Miss Kitty\" He said sniffing. \"I'm listening' He said trying to get comfortable. \"Cat R. Waul told me that she died of a heart attack' He stated in a broken voice. Wylie didn't know much about Miss Kitty, but he did, in fact, know that she meant so much to her so he just sat there and let Tiger cry on his shoulder until his tears started to die down a bit. \"You gonna be okay now? The Dane calmly asked \"You gonna be okay now? The Dane calmly said looked at him. Tiger got his head off of Wylie to wipe his tears \"I think so\" He said holding his puppy dog face. The Great Dane felt like his work was done, no more crying...irritating everyone so he got up and started to climb back up the rope but was suddenly grabbed by his leg. \"Huh? Wylie looked down and noticed it was Tiger still in his weeping state \"Please...stay with me tonight\" The cat said through his tears. What? He asked wanting to make sure he heard him correctly. \"Please,\" He begged to make the Dane sigh before coming back down to his level. I just need someone right now\" Tiger stated his loss, Wylie should've known better than to leave a friend distraught so he sat back down. Tiger cuddled up to him like a big fluffy teddy bear and wrapped his arms around his waist while his tail around his butt. \"Thank you for staying,\" Tiger said in a sweet tone. Wylie just rolled his eyes in annoyance then spotted a trap door. That might suck all the water in\" He thought and tried to get up, but the fat cat was holding him back. \"I'm just going to drain the water,\" He said looking at him with a smile then he loosened his grip. Wylie approached the door, bend down to open the handle, and the water started to go in fast. He honestly felt like he was gonna get sucked in himself but didn't. When all the water went down, Wylie went back to sit with the depressed cat who wasted no time to cuddle back up to him. \"You're enjoying this ain't ya? He asked being sarcastic but all he heard was snoring, all that crying must've tuckered him out. Thinking back, it was foolish of himself to leave his heartbroken friend so he decided to stay, he crossed his legs to get comfortable and laid the cat gently on his lap then rubbed his head as he sang him a little song he made up. It was after Cat R. Waul explained his devious plan to his gang, they were sitting at a table \"But, what do we do after? T.R. Chula said questioning his boss. \"We just smoke them out their little hole,\" He said with an evil laugh, the rest join in then they stopped. \"You're all dismissed,\" He said after clearing his throat and everyone left. Waul pleased both hands on the desk as he huffed and stroked in between his eyes \"Are you okay? A voice said, and it was very different them one of his henchmen. \"Who's there? He said and quickly looked behind him with a glare, but he was no one \"My mind must be playing tricks on me\" He whispered to himself feeling his head then turned around to witness a kiss was waiting for him. He noticed that it was a pretty handsome fox with orange eyes when they finally pulled away. \"Why'd you kiss me, I don't even know you? the cat asked. \"Please forgive me but my name is Honest John but just call me, John' He took one of his hands and bowed. \"Is this guy for real, he's terribly cute, but we just met?\" Waul thought in his minds. The fox planted a kiss on the top of his hand. \"My name is Cat R. Waul,\" He said introducing himself. John stood up and cleared his throat \"Sorry for the sudden actions.\" He said. \"Well, warn me next time,\" Waul said wiping his lips then John went and leaned against the wall then got out his pipe. Waul did believe in love at first sight but don't expect to see \"this.\" happen so he took a deep breath, sucked in his gut and exhaled before walking over. \"So, I have a mind-blowing proposition for you,\" Waul said leaning against the wall fiddling with his butter knife while eying him. \"What's that? John asked putting his pipe down and looked at him with those sexy eyes of his. You help me catch Fievel and his family and I'll.\" he rubbed his chin thinking of an appropriate deal' become your boyfriend for life,\" He said. \"Deal,\" John said wasted no time and ran up to him, but Cat placed a single finger on his lips just inches away from him. \"This deal starts now\" He whispered and put his finger down before going outside. Honest John sighed in depression but went to catch up to him. In case you don't get the last scene, I'll explain: Honest John from the movie Pinocchio is also a pervert. Now, I didn't notice at first but now that you think of it...it's kinda true. Anyway The 13Ghost is such a good friend, he agrees with me of every idea that I come up with cause he's like my sidekick to a point. On a note, I may look at one of the episodes sometime this year just so I could get more details. Edited by Grammerly. ","Summary":" This is my first of Fievel's American Tails. Description: I remember owning \"An American Tail: The"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"Revenge","Author":"The Silentier","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10952246","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Revenge Chapter 1: The Mausheimers A female mouse sat in front of a vanity, brushing her soft hair into a ponytail with a large, curled bang framing the side of her face. Her name was Miranda. Miranda Lavender Mausheimer. She had light beige fur, like her mother, who was named Josephine Muringlade. Muringlade was Josephine's previous surname, of course. When she married Fredrick, Gussie's son, she became a Mausheimer. Miranda was the youngest of 4 children, not counting herself. She was also the only girl, which meant she got spoiled by her grandmother, Gussie. She always enjoyed her grandmother's visits, mostly because it was the few times she let herself act like a young lady. Around her family, she was almost like one of the boys. \"Mira! Mira! Come downstairs, please!\" Miranda heard her mother call from downstairs. She smoothed out her dress as she stood up and made her way downstairs. Once she got there, she gasped happily at the sight. Her parents and brothers were all holding up a pale blue box, wrapped in a bright green ribbon. \"Oh, you got me a gift?! What for?\" she asked, gently taking the box. Her second oldest brother, Henry, spoke up. \"Well, we all saw how you act differently around Grandmother, and we wanted to give you something to help you keep that feeling whenever she can't visit.\" He smiled at her, seeing her rush to open the gift. Inside the box was a pair of dark green dancing shoes. Gussie had taught her how to dance when she was younger. Miranda loved it ever since. She'd always dance for her family and for the servants at their manor. \"Oh, they're beautiful. Let's break them in, shall we?\" she asked, slipping the shoes on. Fredrick put on a recording of vibrant music and held his hand out for his wife. She chuckled and gently took his hand. Miranda took the hands of the twin boys, Dan and Stan, who were only a year older than her. They twirled about the room, laughing and singing along. Quite suddenly, the front door burst open and in flooded a large group of cats. Josephine screamed and clung to her husband. Junior, the oldest son, ran to stand protectively in front of Miranda and the twins. Henry clung to his parents. Then, in strolled Warren T. Rat, an evil cat who tricked the mice of New York into trusting him and giving him money. He smirked down at the cowaring mice, then frowned. \"Where's that stuck-up Gussie?\" \"Don't speak about Gussie Gram like that! You good-for-nothing cat!\" Miranda shouted at Warren. He glancd over at her and chuckled. \"Oh, so you all are just family? Well, at least we'll get a nice snack, eh, boys?\" he called to the other cats around the manor, who licked their chops hungrily. \"Don't you even think about it.\" Fredrick said, mustering as much courage as possible. \"Mother will have you heads for this!\" Warren laughed. \"We'll see about that! Round them up, boys! Every rodent in the house.\" Miranda sobbed into the sleeves of her blue dress as she sat in the iron cage Warren T. Rat put her in. What was he doing to her family? What did he want from them? What did he want from her grandmother? She rubbed her eyes when she heard Warren walk up to her cage, cackling. \"What you want from my family?! Let us go!\" She shouted, shaking the bars of the cage. Warren simply grabbed the top of the cage and gave it a hard flick backward. This sent Miranda falling backwards and into the bars behind her. \"I don't need anything from your family anymore. They wouldn't crack about where your grandmom is, so...\" Warren sat back and took a drag from his cigar. \"We ate 'em. They put up a good fight, too, I tell ya.\" He chuckled darkly as he took another long drag from his cigar. Miranda felt empty inside. Her parents... her brothers... they were all gone. Why? Why would Warren do this? She brought her knees to her chest and wailed. She only cried harder when Warren pounded his fist against the cage in an attempt to shut her up. \"Eh, keep it down, will ya? You'd better be lucky wecan't eat you, too.\" Warren sneered at her. Miranda wiped a few tears away and stood up. \"Why?\" she whispered, wondering what he meant. Warren chuckled as he stood up and examined himself in a mirror. \"Your grandmother ruined my plans and, with the help of that Fievel, sent me and my cats to Hong Kong. Now, we're gonna use you as ransom. Gussie will have to give up all of her money and power to get you back. Then,\" he took a moment to laugh evilly. \"Ya all get the mouse trap!\" Miranda gasped and covered her mouth with her paws. She had to get out of here. Maybe, she'd find that 'Fievel' kid, and warn him and his family to leave New York. She nodded slightly to herself, glad Warren T. wasn't paying any attention to her. As Miranda formed an escape plan, Warren went back to his hench-cats and smiled as they worked on the giant mouse-trap he'd designed. It was only a matter of time before everything would fall into place. ","Summary":" Revenge Chapter 1: The Mausheimers A female mouse sat in front of a vanity, brushing her soft hair "},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"Fievel's Secret","Author":"Demonlord5000","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12470970","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Now now Tanya dear, your brother goes through this kind of thing all the time, and he never complains at all... So stop complaining!\" Tanya huffed, a sketchpad in one hand a pencil in the other. \"Why am I doing this Nellie? Fievel's your assistant, not me!\" \"I need an assistant, and Reed was more than happy to lend you.\" \"If you needed an assistant, why did you give Fievel the day off?\" Nellie stopped in her tracks, peering at Tanya. \"What on earth are you going on about Tanya? I didn't give Fievel the day off, he was sick so he called in.\" \"Fievel's not sick.\" Tanya huffed. \"I was talking to him this morning.\" Nellie cocked an eyebrow, tilting her head curiously, \"Fievel skipping work? That doesn't seem like him. You sure he's not sick?\" \"I can see him right over there!\" Tanya responded, pointing. Sure enough, Fievel's easily recognizable hat could be seen bobbing through the crowd. Nellie peered over other mice's heads at him. \"Hmm, why is he carrying a box of chocolates... Let's follow him!\" \"You want to spy on Fievel?\" \"Tanya dear, the whole point of being a reporter is getting to spy on people. Plus, I wanna know why he's skipping work!\" Nellie dragged the younger mouse through the crowds, following the hat wearing mouse through a less crowded alleyway. \"Now, why is Fievel going towards the shipyard? And why is he picking flowers?\" She asked as Fievel started pulling flowers out of the ground. \"If I didn't know any better, I'd say Fievel was going to see some lady friend.\" \"Nah, that's not really Fievel's thing.\" \"Neither is skipping work, and look what he's doing now.\" Nellie drug Tanya after Fievel again, the two female mice following the younger male one as he took a seat by the shipyard, watching as mice strolled off of the recently arrived ship. Tanya and Nellie sat behind a small rock, watching Fievel as they waited. They sat there for almost an hour, Tanya's bottom feeling sore as she contemplated going home. \"FIEVIE!\" Nellie and Tanya nearly jumped out of their clothes as the shriek pierced the air. A young house girl rushed at Fievel, wrapping her arms around him. She had long pigtails, and wore a light blue dress. \"Oh Fievie, I missed you so much!\" The mouse said with a British accent. \"Hi Allie!\" Fievel responded. \"How was France?\" \"Oh it was absolutely lovely! You should have been there! All the exotic cheeses. Oh but I couldn't wait to get home to you Fievie!\" She noticed the chocolate and flowers Fievel had, and gasped. \"Oh, are those me!?\" \"Mmhmm.\" Fievel nodded, passing her the gifts. \"I saved up for weeks to get you these chocolates. They're top of the line.\" \"Oh Fievie, you're the best boyfriend a mouse could ever ask for. I love you so much.\" She pecked him on the lips, before nuzzling her head in the crook of his neck as she opened the box of chocolates, opting to share them with Fievel. \"Isn't that sweet.\" Nellie whispered. \"Fievel has a girlfriend. What a cute one she is... Uh, Tanya?\" The younger mouse's eye was twitching. \"Are you okay Tanya?\" \"Are you KIDDING ME!?\" Tanya practically shrieked, causing Fievel and Allie to jump in shock as Tanya stormed out of her hiding place. \"I've been trying to find a boyfriend for MONTHS! And then you get a girlfriend like THAT!?\" She snapped her fingers. \"What even is this!? How did you two even meet!?\" \"It's a really funny story actually-\" Allie began. \"AAAAUUUGGGHHH!\" Tanya shrieked, storming away, leaving the two children confused. \"...That's my sister Tanya.\" Fievel finally said. \"She seems lovely, if not a bit crazy.\" Allie responded. \"She also complains a lot.\" Nellie said, walking up next to them. She cast a glance toward Fievel, who faked a cough. Nellie shook her head. \"What am I gonna do with you Fievel.\" \"A raise?\" \"After you skipped work? Absolutely not.\" ","Summary":" \"Now now Tanya dear, your brother goes through this kind of thing all the time, and he never compl"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"Warren's An American Tail 7th Anniversay Edition Blu-Ray Boxed Set","Author":"omgwhydidisignup","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12556529","Passage":"[Chapter 1] hello my name is manuel i live in mehico and this is my story. it is a sequel to S. Urahomo's epic story of love, loss, happiness, sorrow, post-tramatic stress disorder, fart fetish, your mother, and myself. please be sure to like and subcribe and rate 10/10 or my papa will beat me. CHAPTER ONE FIEVEL MEETS SORA FROM KINGDOM HEARTS warren opened fievel's mouth and shoved his dick in there. \"ok you little basted open up imma gonna piss in it!\" \"is this life? is this a joke?\" said one mouse. \"i will have to report this on ! it is are against are our fap i mean rules!\" warren grabbed the mouse and gsve him the stonec old stunner cause he's a fugnugget. after shoving fievle in and out warren came inside and fievel inflated with all the cum and was pregnant with the new york mobsters babies. fievel could get get child support and died a sad and lonely mouse. warren fucked alejandra next cause she cant succeed in life lol cat r waul showed with sora and was like \"hey\" \"hey\" said warren \"hey\" said sora \"hey\" said waul \"hey\" said fievel who was thought to have died earlier of aids died cause I AM THE AUTHOR I SAYS SO SO FUG YOU fievel then died again 'cause he's such a dinger. warren confessed his love for poop fetish and sneezing and then say \"hey waul wanna fuck right here on the table\" waul said yes but bring a condom. cuase warren's a dingus he didn't do that and waul died too after fievel it was kinda funny actually like the youtuber. so sora goes \"hey guys are previous eventuer got a laff and a half on and so i propose we go out with a bang\" \"okay\" said warren and pulled a gun and died. he was fnodly remembered for his illegitimate stepchild nanny mcphee you know the lady the one with the big ass nose and ugly teeth. i think he's a brit but she's kinda like a redneck too i dunno.. \"WUBBA WUBBA DUB DUB DUB DUB DUB DUB DUB DUB EVERYBVODY!\" sora said and flew off to mars where he met his lovable friend S. Urahomo and gave stone cold stunners to all the people who gave his literature a 1/10. also rick and morty show up \"hey\" \"hey\" said sora \"hey\" said tony fuck fuck fuck fuckity fuckity fuckity fuckity fuckity FUCKAROO BONZAAAAIIIIIIIIIII! plz rate 101/10 so i can have sora meet rick and morty and laugh at homeless people. ","Summary":" hello my name is manuel i live in mehico and this is my story. it is a sequel to S. Urahomo's epic "},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"Fillie The Kid","Author":"huggyssupreme","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8943119","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1885, Shotska, Russia The Mousekewitz's were celebrating the first night of Hanukah. Mama had already cleaned up the table, washed the dishes by hand, and put them away; she was now tending to Yasha who was crying for her bottle. Tanya and Fievel began to swing each other around as Papa played lively music on his violin. The two children began bumping into the counter, the table, knocking things to the ground. This began to upset Mama who cried out, \"Tanya, Fievel, will you stop that twirling, twirling!?\" Papa laughed at his wife irritability, he tried pleading with his wife, \"But Mama, it's Hanukah.\" Mama raised an eyebrow, and retorted, \"For you every night is Hanukah.\" Papa laughed, \"Alright.\" He stopped playing his violin; he too was beginning to tire from the excitement around him. Fievel walked over to his father, his eyes gleaming with innocence, like every Jewish kid, he asked the question that occupied his mind, \"Presents, what about presents?\" His papa looked at him, and snapped at him, \"What presents?\" This not only made Fievel sad, but it scared him a little, the thought of no presents did upset him. Tanya too was shocked by this reply as she set her papa's violin in the stand. \" Fillie…\" There was a short silence before Mama called his bluff, \"Oh Papa…\" Papa laughed, \"It's just a joked. For Tanya, a new babushka, happy Hanukah!\" Papa handed the red babushka to Tanya; it was a pretty color that Mama picked out. Tanya took the babushka and tied it on, \"Oh Papa, thank you.\" Mama was still feeding Yasha, she felt a bit jilted but didn't take it to heart, she reminded Tanya by asking, \"You have only one parent?\" Tanya turned around; she smiled and laughed knowing that Papa didn't pick it out, \"Thank you Mama.\" Papa turned to his son, \"And for you Fievel, a new hat, and not just any hat, a hat that has been in the family for three generations. It belonged to me, my father, and my father's father, and now it belongs to you. Happy Hanukah.\" Papa dropped the blue hat onto Fievels head. \" Fillie…\" Fievel smiled, he relished the thought of owning the hat his father always wore. He looked up to him, it was only natural that he would want to be like him, he didn't fully grasp the age of the hat, as he could only count to one hundred. The hat slid over his eyes, making it impossible for him to see, he lifted the hat above his eyebrows and whined, \"It's too big.\" Mama was laying Yasha down and responded in a motherly tone, \"You'll grow.\" \"Fillie, wake up!\" Fillie was now on the floor, he looked around, and for a second he didn't recognize his room. This wasn't Russia, and he wasn't five, and he no longer had his blue hat. Fillie was close to 13, and lived in the walls of a hotel. He reached for his brown hat which had a similar style to the blue one. He put it on, and looked up to the culprit who had rudely kicked him out of bed, \"What's going on Stig?\" Stig was a boy with gray fur, who was a year or two younger than him, like Fillie he was also an orphan, though by now Fillie was getting a bit too old to be running around calling himself an orphan. Like many of the young orphans, Stig looked up to Fille, he was his role model. Fillie was probably the only boy his age to have witnessed the Indian Wars first hand. Stig replied, \"There's trouble in the market, someone's trying to close all of the shops.\" Fillie quickly rose to his feet, he rushed out the door, this wasn't something he could ignore, he had to stop an incident last month between two rival Italian gangs, of course then he had the support of the orphans and the vendors, now it's just him, and an army of orphans. He really didn't want to get them involved unless he had to. Fillie ran down the busy street, he could already see a crowd starting to form around the market, he found himself pushing his way through to get to the center of all the commotion. Fillie found a merchant trying to sell apple peels pleading with a rat wearing a fancy black suit and red tie, \"Please Ragou, if you do this, my produce will go bad, I won't make any money, I need to keep a roof over my family's head.\" The sinister rat named Ragou, looked down at the pitiful merchant, his voice was sharp as ice, \"That is not my problem. If you want to do business here, you have to pay like everyone else, or leave.\" The merchant again pleaded, \"P-p-please.\" Ragou snapped his fingers, that's when three hulky mice came lurking out of the shadows carrying clubs. The henchmen slowly hit the wooden clubs against their hands, insinuating that they were going to beat this mouse for lack of payment. There wasn't anything that Fillie could possibly do. These weren't punk kids harassing adults, these were adults harassing adults. However, Fillie couldn't just stand there and do nothing; he couldn't bear to watch the man be beaten before his eyes, or anyone else for that matter. It wasn't right. Before Fillie could realize it, he was standing in front of the merchant, facing the rat called Ragou. He wasn't sure what exactly he was doing but he knew he had to help, \"Wait, I'll get the money for you.\" Ragou blinked, he was a bit annoyed that someone dared to interfere, \"Step aside or you will also get hurt.\" Fillie didn't budge; he said in a stern voice, \"I'm not playing games. I will get you the money. Tell me how much.\" Ragou put his hand up; the henchmen obeyed their leaders' signal, and stopped dead in their tracks. Ragou grinned, he knew he may not get his payment but something in the young mouse's eyes made him want to toy with him, he replied coldly, \"I want $300.00 by Friday, which means you have three days to deliver it to me at pier 54, and be sure to come alone.\" Fillie stared, he nodded his head and his voice sounded determined, \"I'll be there.\" It was a shame he didn't feel courageous as he sounded, he didn't know what he had just gotten himself into but he was going to figure a way out. Ragou turned to depart, and said as he was leaving with his henchmen, \"You have three days, and make sure you have the money, or else.\" With that he was gone. Fillie stood there for a moment, he felt the merchant touch his shoulder, \"Fillie, you may have bought me time but you didn't have to do that, now he's going to come after both of us.\" Fillie turned to him, \"Don't worry, I'll get the money.\" He turned and left the crowd standing there, watching him, and staring in awe at his actions. He couldn't help but feel like a dead man walking. He jumped onto a trolley that had stopped to let passengers off. He walked to the back, and sat down in exhaustion. He hadn't been up an hour, and he was already in trouble. Fillie glanced at a family of three in front of him, he watched as the child leaned against his mother's arm, the father smiled warmly at the two and focused his attention ahead of him. Fillie found himself beginning to think of his own family, he started to feel sad, but then anger took over. Thinking of his family made him angry. He was angry because he lost them, angry that he had stopped looking, angry that they never bothered to look, angry that he lost contact with his friends. The last time he saw Tony was when he was supposed to go with him to meet Bridgette…at the pier. He shuddered; thinking of that place still gave him the creeps. He sighed; he knew he was going to have to get the money somewhere. He watched as the trolley started to slow down, he saw a bank come into view , \"Too bad I can't rob a bank…\" He hesitated for a moment , \"Who says I can't?\" ","Summary":" 1885, Shotska, Russia The Mousekewitz's were celebrating the first night of Hanukah. Mama had alrea"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"Fievel Goes South","Author":"TheMidnightStroker","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9362306","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Fievel Goes South Part 1: Green River It had been a year since a cat, except for Tiger and Miss Kitty of course, was seen in Green River. However, no one could have guessed that a future without them would be much worse. Without the cats occasionally killing a dozen or so mice with stupidly circuitous schemes, overpopulation took its toll on the once promising town. The mice brought with them disease and pestilence that drove the humans away. The selfish mice realized too late that they depended on the humans to provide a continuous inflow of food, water, and even shelter. Without people escape became impossible as no more trains or wagons went through the town, and they were surrounded by desert in all directions for many miles. Starvation was a haunting specter in the soon to be ghost town. The only animal capable of catching the occasional snake or scorpion was Tiger. He was the town's only source of fresh food and their only protector, but he also consumed 15 times the amount of the typical adult mouse. However, the resourceful mice again thought of a plan, crude though it may be. The families with the youngest and the weakest children chose to spare their offspring of a drawn-out and painful death. They offered to feed Tiger their precocious babies in hopes of keeping the town alive for a little while longer. The grim weekly ritual lowered an added veil of depression upon the beaten down townsfolk. The mother would carry their child wrapped in a piece of lace, no doubt remnants of a syphilis ridden showgirl's costume, through the main road to the abandoned dance hall where Tiger and Miss Kitty lived. The child would be placed on the abandoned stage and Fievel's sister Tanya would sing them a final lullaby as Tiger would emerge. Always in tears he would take the head of the young mouse in his paw and with his other paw grab both shoulder blades and with one merciful tug separate the two. He could barely stand eating the newborns. The minuscule pink masses suckled at the air hoping their mother's teat would soon occupy it. Tiger knew the best he could do for them is give them a swift death and use what little meat they had on their bones as strength for the next hunt. The Mousekewitz family again was desperate for new place to call home. An emaciated Fievel would stare out his window upon the endless wastes that extended out into the cool night. Fievel's eyes felt heavy then suddenly he saw movement and his dulled instincts perked up causing all his hairs to stand on end. He knew something was moving outside, but it was too dark to tell. What is that? He wondered until a switch flipped in his head. \"It's a CAT!\" He couldn't actually see the creature but his senses screamed out CAT! CAT! CAT! His yelling woke up the whole house, \"Papa Papa there's a cat! A cat is here!\" Mice poked there head out of every nook and cranny as Fievel ran to his parent's room. \"What are you saying Fievel?\" Papa Mousekewitz sleepily inquired. Fievel was gasping for air as he continued to alert everyone that a cat was coming for them. Before long the males gathered together to form a search party and Fievel's sister Tanya was sent out to go wake up Tiger. As Tanya lifted the section of burlap covering the exit to common area of the mouse neighborhood, she unveiled a figure as dark as midnight waiting just beyond the threshold. \"He's here…\" Tanya could barley whisper, but everyone's attention was already drawn to the menacing feline. \"Good evening\" the cat addressed to his petrified audience. \"Allow me to introduce myself, my name is Shadow.\" The accent of a well bred and fed southern gentleman pierced the silence. \"Where I come from we don't look kindly upon time wasters so I will get straight to the point. I have come to look for laborers for work at a plantation.\" The mice could only respond with a collective dumbfounded gaze. Shadow took this as a cue to elaborate further. \"Now don't be shy, I have come looking for some young workers. My boss is in dreadful need of some more hands down at the plantation, and I have been riding the rails from town to town looking for mice willing to take a little risk to receive a big paycheck.\" Papa Mousekewitz drummed up the courage to speak to the strange cat. \"How did you say you got here again?\" Shadow grinned as he answered, \"Why, the train of course.\" The mice were again lost in confusion. Another elder mouse blurted out, \"But that's impossible, it's been over 8 months since the last train left town.\" Shadow's grin deepened, \"Well I came from Pussy's Gulch just east of here, and I had to walk the rest of the way.\" A hundred questions jumped to the elder mouse's lips, \"Just yourself, with no guide, how did get past the beasts of the desert, who told you about this place?\" Shadow interrupted, \"Whoa, Whoa, easy there sir. Truth be told I would love to spend I nice relaxing night telling you all of my stories, but the problem I face is that I need five more laborers to complete my so called recruitment trip. I am regrettably rushed due to the fact that my train leaves at dawn.\" As Shadow finished explaining his predicament, a sleepy Tiger ungracefully shuffled into the atrium. \"No one causes trouble in my town\" Tiger lisped as he pointed to the only clean thing on his body. \"Ah…\" said Shadow \"So you are the sheriff in this fine town.\" Tiger let out a goofy smile of pride. \"I am sorry sheriff to cause any disturbance in your town at this late hour, but I am in desperate need of some workers and frankly time is getting more scarce by the second.\" Tiger offered what he thought was a rebuttal, \"but you see it's very late, you will have to go on your way.\" Tiger added a strong \"Hmmph\" and crossed his arms. Shadow feared he was losing his audience and addressed the room in a surprisingly desperate sounding plea, \"Now listen here, I have given you the golden chance you have been looking for. I need five of you tonight and who knows if your kin work hard and fly right I might return to this town for more labor. Now who is going to climb on my back and ride to their destiny?\" This last speech worked beautifully. It finally dawned on the mice that space to freedom was extremely limited, and even if this stranger's motives were suspicious it was much better than dying of starvation in this ghost town. As soon as one mouse started moving forward it became a free for all as mice jumped at Shadow begging to be chosen. Tiger tending to his official duties stepped in, \"break it up, break it up, everyone calm down.\" \"Thank you sheriff\" Shadow replied. \"Now that I have all the volunteers I need, I now must see who is the best of you lot.\" Shadow had immeasurable experience in these matters and quickly selected 5 young mice. Tiger deemed it his responsibility to announce the selections. \"The mice who are leaving us are the twins Nicky and Rickie, Jennie, Tanya, and Fievel.\" All young mice that looked nothing like hard laborers especially given their atrophied state. The families whose children were called felt a mixed feeling of relief and apprehension as they prepared to send their children into the night for another life. Papa Mousekewitz brought out his violin and started playing the family song. Tears filled his eyes as gave his final goodbyes to his children. It was almost impossible for him to believe that the children that he had sacrificed so deeply to protect were now leaving at such short notice. \"I wish your mother was here to see you leave this horrible place.\" Tiger was coming over to say goodbye to his best mouse buddy when he overheard the mention of Mrs. Mousekewitz. He added, \"I wish I could of saved of your mother Fievel, but the vultures were just too fast for me.\" Fievel sobbed into his father's chest. Tiger realizing what he just did pulled the mice to his now sunken belly. \" I am going to miss ya buddy, I know you will do just great in that new place you're going and I bet we will see each other again someday soon.\" Tiger tears began to wash over them and they squirmed to break free of his grip. Fievel looked up at his father, \"Papa I will protect Tanya just like you would and work really hard so that Mr. Shadow will come back and get you and the rest of the town.\" Pride swelled in Mr. Mousekewitz's heart as he said, \"I am sure you will son, I am sure you will.\" As the goodbyes began to drag on, Shadow gave out a whistle and called his new companions to attention. \"Alright no more time to waste, on my back!\" The young mice climbed on and with a quick kick of dust they disappeared into the desert night. ","Summary":" Fievel Goes South Part 1: Green River It had been a year since a cat, except for Tiger and Miss Kit"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"When I Return","Author":"Dauntless Imagineer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7790130","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N- Yes, this is a oneshot. Rather, a super long chapter. :) It is really disappointing that this movie doesn't have more fanfics, because it is honestly an excellent film for its type. I still love it, and I'm 13. Call me young at heart all you want, but I stumbled upon Fievel Goes West on HBO, and this idea came to mind. What you are about to read is what it was put into words. This is a TanyaXWaul fanfic. If you don't agree with the pairing, don't read it. If you give it a chance, I'm sure you will like it, though. Even I am honestly surprised I agree with it, because their differences are very severe. But love has funny ways of working out, so why not? :) Let's all just imagine that they are the same size, though, because it will just make this a lot more easier. There will be fluff, so if you aren't into that sort of thing, then sorry. … Alright, so on with the story. Enjoy, and remember to review! Not many will be reading this story, for that I know, so every little bit counts. :) It was nearing twilight, and the darkness that coated the town of Green River was being broken by the bustling of mice. Many were retiring to their homes, but the lucky few who had bought tickets to the show were filing in through the doors, murmurs of excitement and happiness being passed back and forth. Because of the great amount if energy, no one noticed the train that pulled into the station. The steam rolled over the wheels, sending a high pitched hiss into the air. A few men and women filed off of the vehicle, but the final passenger was slower than the others. His dark, red cape billowed behind him from the gust from the train, his knowing green eyes shining through the night. A single monocle that rested on the bridge of his nose caught the light so perfectly that it sent a gleam of a white ray onto the dirt floor of the desert. Only when the train began to drive away did he withdraw a pocket watch from his coat, snapping it shut the moment he saw the time. He chuckled darkly to himself. He was running late, and would have to hurry. He had a show to see. Tanya let the final note roll off of her tongue as smoothly as possible, the deafening applause of the audience drowning out the last measure of the song. She finished proudly, raising her arms over her head so as to stretch her chest and allow the loss of breath to flow more smoothly. She smiled softly, watching the storm of flowers that fell around her. The velvet curtains began to draw back, her fans disappearing behind the wall of dark maroon. Her manager was at her side immediately, drawing her aside and into the back of the stage. \"Move aside!\" He called to the crowd that was swarming the main deck. They parted, allowing her to move through a door that led to her room. \"You did great, tonight.\" He called before shutting the door. The cries of the paparazzi immediately hushed. Tanya chuckled at the memories of her performance, knowing that she did her job well. She moved to her vanity, sitting before the mirror and restlessly pushed aside the brown bangs that had fallen over her eyes. She smiled to herself, suddenly catching sight of a cream envelope through the reflection. She reached down, immediately recognizing who it was from. She took her finger, and in one quick movement, slid her finger beneath the glue and withdrew the letter. Her smile widened into a pleasant grin as she began reading. Dearest Tanya, I apologize for me missing your performance this evening, but it seems that me and Tiger's anniversary has forced me to stay here in New York for a few days over schedule. Despite this, I am sure that you were wonderful and every bit of a great performer that you have always been. Oh, how I wish you could see the city! The lights, the cats, the operas! Ah, I know you would love it! Maybe one day I will bring you along with me. Just us girls. I must be brief, for I have so much to do and to see, but I hope to see you very soon. Every night I go to bed hoping to hear your lovely voice, and I swear that I will return very soon as to ease this feeling. I love you, my little angel! Hugs, Mrs. Kitty Tanya re-read the fine, elegant script once more before folding it back, her eyes brimming with tears. Mrs. Kitty was one of her greatest friends, and had always been there for her. Even after a performance like this, she felt the desire to have the lovely cat beside her to help with her passionate emotions. Tanya looked down, reaching for a tissue, when she heard the door open, soon shutting. \"I didn't know that I was greeting fans tonight.\" She spoke, not looking up. Shockingly, she hid her wavering voice after nearly bursting into silent tears. \"I'm not sure I would like to-\" She turned in her chair, her skirts folding over her thighs as she faced the stranger that had walked into her retiring room. His presence immediately silenced her, but she couldn't quite tell. Maybe it was the fact that she did not know him... or maybe because he was a cat. He had dark brown fur that stretched the length of his body, some places lighter than others, but most of it was covered by the red coat and lengthy cape adorning his figure. A top hat was placed onto his head, bringing out his green gaze that was full of emotion that Tanya couldn't figure out. A monocle was on his left eye, and it caught the light so perfectly that it made his long, fixed stare sparkle. Tanya inhaled deeply. The cat only grinned, revealing rows of white, perfectly sharp fangs. \"Hello, Tanya.\" The smaller mouse only shook her head. \"I don't know you.\" His smile disappeared, being replaced with a small frown. \"That is very disappointing, because I remember you very well.\" Tanya held no patience for him. \"How did you get back here? What is your name?\" The cat chuckled, waving a claw in the air. \"Ah, you were always so curious. You may know that my name is Waul. I have come back for you.\" Tanya gave a defiant frown as she stood from the chair, now able to make more direct eye contact. He wasn't too much taller, only by a few inches. She suddenly felt like sitting back down. \"Come back?\" She asked. Waul clicked his tongue. \"How sad. My own diva doesn't even recognize me.\" My own diva. Tanya gasped at the wave of memories. Him finding her at the paint shop, bringing him to this very saloon to perform. Her actually having feelings for him, then having them crushed by his sudden betrayal when he attempted to crush the mice...her family. Her family. Her small mouth turned into a snarl, her eyes glazing over into anger. \"You! You evil cat! \" She grabbed the nearest item-a brush- and threw it at him. He swiped his paw in the air, easily deflecting it. She hissed in irritation. \"You betrayed me! How could you come back after five years and...and...\" She shrieked, grabbing a small hand-mirror and attempted to strike him with it. It left her grasp, but missed him and instead struck the wall. It shattered on contact, the many fragments of glass littering the floor. \"I HATE YOU!\" Waul watched her breakdown, wincing as he saw the amount of anger she had to him. Yet, he knew that she had every reason to be this upset. His greed for power had replaced his affection to other creatures, even the smaller mice that he was meant to... He sighed. Despite her appearance, there was such beauty about her igniting before his eyes that he had the desperate need to just hold her, tell her how much he was sorry, how much he loved her. He squeezed his eyes shut for a moment, finally opening them just in time to see her rush at him. She threw her small hands in his direction, and he grabbed her wrists before she could strike him herself. \"Tanya. Stop.\" He whispered just loud enough for her to hear. \"NO!\" She screamed, her brown hair flying as she attempted to escape from him. His grasp remained sturdy, though, and she wanted to cry in anger when she knew she wasn't going to win this battle. \"Tanya... Stop.\" There was something in his voice that made her falter. She could pinpoint the amount of grief, sadness, and somewhere buried deep, the amount of affection he had for her. She felt her blood run cold when she realized that she still felt the same. Nothing had ever changed. No matter how much she hated him, she loved him as well. He had been the first to treat her like a lady, a star...a woman. So she did the only thing she could do. She stopped struggling, and instead felt her body go limp, collapsing into his arms in utter exhaustion. Waul easily caught her, and slowly carried her over to a small loveseat in the corner of the room. He laid her down, and she thankfully sunk into the cushions. \"I'm sorry.\" She whispered, tears beginning to run down her cheeks. \"You are the last one who should be apologizing.\" He murmured, wiping the tears away with his paw. \"I'm the one who was selfish, and my actions were completely wrong. For that, I am sorry.\" \"You left me.\" Tanya croaked. \"The train travels very far from here, my dear. I tried my best to get here sooner, but I had some...difficulties.\" \"The life of a pet doesn't hold you up?\" She laughed softly, but it evolved into a sigh. Waul grimaced, waving a paw as if to wipe the mentioned topic away. \"None of that. I escaped, and I am here now.\" \"I'm really tired.\" \"Then sleep, Tanya.\" He went to stand, but her weak hand clutched his wrist in a desperate attempt to keep him there. No matter how easy it would have been to break away, he made no struggle. \"Don't leave me. Please.\" She begged quietly. He smiled faintly, slowly sitting back onto the couch. \"I won't. I shall be here when you awake.\" Tanya didn't remove her wrist, but only burrowed her brows. She paused, not even leaning back against the pillow again. Waul realized what she was waiting for. He cupped her hand into his, gazing deep into her eyes. \"I swear it, my diva.\" She took another moment to just stare into his eyes, before nodding, finally releasing her tension and collapsing back into the cushion. It didn't take long for her to fall into a deep sleep. Her chest slowly rose and fell in a peaceful slumber, her features softening and erasing any trace of anger that was once there. Waul made himself comfortable, and just watched Tanya as his thoughts calmed. He would patiently wait for her to awake. Waul didn't know how long he sat there, but after time, Tanya stirred, and her small eyes fluttered open. Her gaze set on him immediately, and she smiled. Waul returned it, brushing a lock of hair behind her ear before rising. She leaned up, adjusting her dress. \"Diva, may I ask you a favor?\" Waul asked, hopeful. \"Anything.\" She responded. Waul felt the corners of his mouth rise as he considered his words. \"Will you please sing?\" \"Sing?\" Tanya asked, her mouth opening slightly. \"Yes. For me, only me. Not for an audience, but for a cat who needs your music.\" Tanya smiled at him, her eyes suddenly giving away many more emotions than before, and it made Waul's heart feel like it had never felt before. \"Of course.\" She responded, and took a deep breath. \" Dreams, to dream, In the dark of the night. When the world, goes wrong. I can still make it right.\" Waul placed himself in a small chair a few feet away, leaning back to quietly listen and observe. His eyes closed, and he breathed in as if to taste the music. His gaze once again appeared when Tanya hit a high note, so crisp and beautiful that his once cold heart fluttered with emotion. He loved her. Maybe she did not yet return it, but maybe, in time, they could regain what feelings were lost. ~*~The End~*~ Please review! :) ","Summary":" A/N- Yes, this is a oneshot. Rather, a super long chapter. :) It is really disappointing that this "},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"An American Tail V","Author":"D-rock625","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8858562","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN AMERICAN TAIL V CH 1 The year is 1903, Fievel is 17 years older than when his family first moved to the States. Fievel now 23 years of age, is riding a train back to New York City. He is riding in a little box located under a car where mice such as himself can take a trip along side the humans and safe from them as well. He looks out the window and sees a beautiful red sky sunset. The site of this reminded him of when he was still a little kid and sitting by former sheriff Wylie as they both watch the sunset. He begins to remember more and more about his childhood while he stayed west. Like the times when he went out to the deserts when he was 13, or the times when he attended high school for the first time, to the time when he graduated from college. Now he decides to move back to NYC to begin a new life for himself. His sister Tanya now 26 years old is a singer/actress living in New York City as well. His friend Tony Toponi, he had not seen him in a while. Though they were writing to each other as Fievel and his family stayed out west. Tony will be expecting him at the train station. Tiger did wanted to come with Fievel, but he thought it'd be better if Tiger stayed with his family to help them, protect them, and watch over his 16 year old Sister. (Flashback) 3 days earlier. Fievel is at the train station at Green River saying goodbye to his family for the return the four day return trip back to New York. His Father and Mother and younger sister are emotional that Fievel is leaving to find a life of his own. Fievel: Mama. Mama Mousekewitz: oh my young man, you are not a little boy anymore. Fievel: Yep, time goes on. Papa Mousekewitz: indeed you're right my son. Fievel: (sighs) come here! He hugs them both for he knows it will be 6 months until he sees them again for Christmas. After he is done he turns to Yasha who starts to shed a little bit of tears. Fievel: Hey, now don't worry, I'll be fine. Yasha: I—I know. It's just that you're gonna be gone a while. Fievel: Don't worry I'll be fine. I'll be back by Hannukah, you know that. Plus you get to hang out with your friends at school. Yasha: Okay. Fievel: Come here. They both hug each other, Yasha on his shoulder, Fievel rubbing her back to make her comfortable. Fievel then turns to Tiger who was being silly as the usual cat he was. Tiger: hey Fievel you know what? Maybe this isn't such a good idea, I mean there could be monsters out there, you never know what to expect I mean— Fievel: Hey hey hey there take it easy pal. You worry too much. Tiger: oh, well maybe you're right. Tiger say's nothing else. The Two kept staring at each other for about 3 seconds then Fievel runs towards him for a hug. Tiger hugs him pretty tight he starts squeezing Fievel. Fievel: AAAH T-Tiger, you're squishing me! Tiger: Oh, Sorry! Should I-? Fievel: no no no, let's keep hugging, just don't squeeze. Tiger: Will do. They both continued to hug each other, but then Fievel starts to sing slowly; Fievel: We're a Duo, a Duo a pair of lonely ones who were might to be a two. (Tiger Joins in) Oh, a duo, it's true-o, if we're ever in a stop, we know we can make it through, cuz you've got me and I've, got, you! Yes, sir! Tiger: How can I forget that song? Fievel: I don't know. Tiger puts him down, then the train blows it's whistles meaning they have one minute to board. Mama Mouskewitz puts a little red scarf around Fievel so that he would be comfortable on the way back home. Fievel takes off to board the train but he forgets his hat; Papa M: Fievel, you're gonna need this. He throws it to him and Fievel caugh it. Fievel: Thanks Papa. I'll be back for Christmas, don't worry about me. Papa M: Come back soon. The train starts to pull out of the station and everyone starts waving their hands. Of course he waved back. A tear runs down his cheek as the train moves farther and farther away from them. Now Three days later and still on the train, for it takes days to travel by train from Greenriver to New York, for he has more than a thousand miles to cover. Finally on the next day he arrives at the grand central station at 1200 hours on the dot. Fievel wakes up from his sleep as the train whistles. He puts his hat on and grabs his bag and exits the train. He gets a good look at the train station and it seems very strange to him. Though he is familiar with the city, it does not look the same. The Buidlings are taller, and the station seems more trashed then how he left it. He walks around the station until he runs into his old friend Tony Toponi. At first they apologized to each other and started moving on, but then they realized it that they were the ones. They Both were excited to see each other after all these years. Tony: FILLY Fievel: HEY TONY! They both hugged and greeted each other with open hearts. Fievel: Wow, how's it been? You still look the same, only a little older. Tony: Yeah, I know. Time just gets away from us, hey what other bags you got. Fievel: Just two more, I'll need to get to the baggage claim. Later that day, they were walking out of the station, Tony wanted to take Fievel to this place he had. It was a surprise for him, but on the way they were talking about how things have changed in the City since he left. First the good news; Fievel in some places of Manhattan became a celebrity, for being the hero that freed the mice from Warren T. Rat and his gang of Cats. Not just his gang but from chaos, and another cat gang that started the Manhattan monster project and terrorized all these people. He and his friend Tony are now famous for being heroes of their time. But now there is another problem. The two were riding in the box of underneath a trolley, as they were talking: Tony: It's really great to see you Filly. Fievel: you too pal. How's life? Tony: It's well, everything's great. The City has changed since you've been gone. Fievel: I see that. I almost didn't recognized the station. The Trolley continued through the streets of NYC. The Boys stepped off the trolley, and head into an ally, where there are plenty of mice living there. As they walk in, everyone didn't look very pleasant, in fact they looked all frightened of the newcomer. They run into their homes and shut their doors and windows. Fievel is very mystified by this outlandish behavior, for when the last time he saw New York, everything was quite well. `They both walk up to a door, Tony opens it and they enter into a nice room where the fire was burning to keep the place warm. Tony: Thanks, it's one of a kind, and it's big enough for two of us. Fievel: Wow it's great. You rich now? Tony: Not yet but will be. Hey you hungry? Fievel: oh yes please. Later Tony and Fievel are eating soup in the kitchen. They both were enjoying their meal as the night passes on. Though Fievel was still curious as to what Tony was saying on before. Fievel: So… Tony, what did you mean by your last remark \"not yet but will be\" Tony: Well see now I own a business, well not really \"own\" it but I'm running it until the real owner returns. Want to know what it is? Fievel: Yeah. Tony: I run a sweat shop now. Making cloths for all the mice that need them. Fievel: what? Tony: Yep. and making good money out of it too. I am gonna be the next richest mouse in all of New York but it's not easy. Fievel: I bet . Where's the real owner? Tony: He's on a business trip, won't return for another month. But what about you? What do you plan to do? Fievel: Get a job and start something of myself as well? Tony: Yeah what is that? Fievel: I want to start an orchestra, and a factory where we could make music instruments . Tony: Wow. you really want to step it up there. Fievel: Yep I know. Tony: You got the money to do it though? Fievel: I do but not enough, I'll need to talk some guys into it giving me a lone. Or get a job at least for a month. Tony: Well Why don't you work with me? I can get you to a good position where you could earn a lot of money, to a point where you can buy or create your own orchestra, but for the Factory you need to find out about that. Fievel: Thank you Tony. Don't worry I have ways of doing this. What is the Position? Tony: Almost the same, assistant Manager. It's second to the manager which is what I am right now. Fievel: I thought something like that would be filled. Tony: yeah well, it's not, the position is open if you accept. Fieve: (thinks for a moment) you know what I guess I'll accept. Tony: GOOD I'll fill in the position with your name on it. Fievel: Thank you. Tony: No problem, anything for my pal, right? Anyways what time is it, I gotta go to bed. Hey you're bed is right there in that other room He points towards a door way leading into a beautiful with a wooden wall, and plenty of open space for Fievel to move around with a bathroom door entrance and a nice bed with red blankets and sheets. Tony starts heading upstairs but is stopped when Fievel asks him a question. Fievel: Tony, wait… Where is Tanya? Where is my sister? Tony: Oh yes Tanya, she's traveling to Chicago. Fievel: What? Why? Tony: Because she's a star. She's famous. You should be proud. Not only are you a celebrity but she is too, She now travels to different places to sing, she is doing a show. Fievel: wow, she really has come along, and i doubted her when we were kids. Tony: Don't doubt her anymore, she is now famous, and so are you. Fievel: How? Tony: Because, you're the one who led Warren T. Rat into the trap, and you were the one who invented the \"Mouse of Minsk\" Remember? Fievel: Oh yeah. Well, good night. Tony: Good night Filly, it's great to have you back. Tony heads upstairs to his only room and leaves Fievel downstairs where he was getting ready to sleep as well. There was also an extra bed for him as well where he made himself comfortable. The Next day, Fievel is walking with his friend Tony. Though some people don't recognize him, he still finds himself being looked at by some of the mice. He sees them talking amongst themselves while looking at him and are pointing fingers at him. He keeps on walking as they talk. Until a little child jumps in front of him stopping him in his tracks. A cute little girl with a pinkish dress, she asks him questions; Child: A—are you—Fievel? Fievel Mousekewits? Fievel: uhh—I uh— Before Fievel could say anything he was interrupted by the little girl's mother; Mother: Juniper! Juniper: Coming Mother! The Little girl runs towards her mother, and Fievel watches as the mother took her into the house. Prior to shutting the door, the mother takes a peek at Fievel, who notices that she has a look on her face that seems to tell him that he looked familiar to her. Tony: Like I said Filly, you're a celebrity. Fievel: How did she recognize me, she wasn't even born when I was around. Tony: Mice talked about you. They tell their children about you. By that time Fievel knew that some of the mice would recognize him because he still looked the same as he was when he was a little kid 17 years ago. When Fievel started to continue walking with his friend he saw at the corner of his eye a rat looking directly at him. But it didn't bother him, They kept on walking, but something was striking Fievel, he looked around and noticed that some of the mice seemed agitated. Fievel: Tony? Why do these people look worried? Tony: What do you mean? Fievel: They seem, a little vexed. Tony: I don't know, there are rumors going around. Fievel: What Kind? Tony: About mice disappearing or something like that. Fievel: how? Tony: Don't ask me, I don't know, but it's concerning me as well. Now the boys are entering Tony's workshop where everyone is busy and everything seems to be working very well. Everyone was enjoying their work, and were having a good time talking to each other when they're taking a break. Tony was a much respected mouse in the factory. All the other mice respected him not only because he was the owner but because he was also one of the heroes that saved them years ago. People came to him and said their usual hellos. One mouse came up to him to say hello to him as well; Mouse: Hey Tony! Tony: Hey Tim, how's it going? Tim: Good. Tony: Filly, meet Tim Mousley, a 15 year old boy who came and volunteered for this company. Tim: Hi, how's it going? Fievel: Good how about you? Tim: Great. Tony: Hey Tim, in case you didn't know you're looking at the famouse Fievel Mousekewitz. Tim was of course captivated by the news of this mouse. Tim: Wow, i—it really is you… Fievel—you saved my familie's life back then—my mother used to tell us all about you—if there wouldn't be you then there wouldn't be the famous Mouse of Minsk. My father and mother are very grateful to—you. Tony: okay Timmy, hey don't you have some work to do? Come on get to work. Tim: ye—yes okay I'll do that. He takes off and runs back to work. Fievel makes his last remark; Fievel: Nice seeing you! Tony pats him on the back, and starts whispering to him. Tony: See? You're a hero. Fievel: No I'm not. Tony: Yes you are. Fievel: No I'm not. You guys are the hero's why is it that I am the hero? Tony: Look Filly, like it or not, these guys think of you as the hero, they look at you as the hero. Nothing is gonna change that, all right? Fievel: Still though, I don't think— Tony: Hey, don't think about it okay. Come on, let me show you to your room, or office. They later enter into Fievel's new assistant manager's office, which was a very good looking office, with a window to look over the work station. Fievel thought it was a good place for him to start; Tony was a little concern though; Tony: Hey, you sure you up to this—assistant manager stuff? You know, because it's a lot of paper work and everything, and it's not usual that the new guy in town gets an assistant manager this fast. So I just wanted to be sure, Fievel: Yeah I'm okay, I had training in college down at green river for this so, yeah, plus I'm not new, it's just that this city has changed, a lot. Tony: Hey some of it is still the same. Fievel: Do tell. Tony: oh by the way, guess what, we have a sort of black piano in storage. It's still in good condition, only a year old, I thought maybe you'd like it, seeing as how you are into music, think of it as a welcome back gift to you. Fievel: Really? Tony: Yeah. Fievel: What is a piano doing in a sweatshop factory? Tony: I don't know, it was probably sent here by mistake, you know that happens a lot. You want to see it.? Fievel: Yeah. They both leave the office. A few minutes later at the storage room, they open the doors and Tony points to a white sheet covering the piano, Fievel slowly walks towards it and removes the sheet. He was amazed to see this beautiful shining black piano sitting there without any use at all. Tony: Nobody has ever really played it before, I mean some kids touched it but that was it. Fievel pulls up the chair that and opens the piano, and starts playing each tune for the string. He listens very carefully to each note he plays to make sure they are right on tune. So far they all sound good to him. Fievel: That's pretty good for a piano that's been here a year. Tony: Well like I said nobody really played it. Fievel: That's right. Fievel started playing a beautiful and hunting piano piece. The Gnossienne movement no 1, by the Erik Satie, composed 16 years earlier. Fievel plays this on the piano so beautifully and so perfect, Tony could see his passion in the music through his body language. He watched as Fievel had his eyes closed while he was playing Gnossienne due to the music flowing through his body, the feeling of the song was powerful even to Tony. The sound of the piano echoed throughout the walls of the storage room. After Fievel finishes the piece, it takes about 5 seconds for him to get out of the mood. Then Tony claps his hands; Tony: Bravo, Filly. Hey you're really good; no wonder you want to make an orchestra. Fievel: Yeah. But I'll get there later I just need to worry about this job. Tony: Hey, that piano doesn't have an owner, but seeing as how you need it more than me, I thought maybe you could keep it. Fievel: Really? Tony: Yeah. I don't need it I've got a guitar. Fievel: I didn't know you play the guitar. Tony: Sure I did, been doing it for 5 years now, and I'm pretty good at it too. Fievel: Well' you've been practicing for 5 years now. Tony: True that… Come on let's go get something to eat. Oh and I'll have that piano put in your office, you know so it'll keep you busy when you're relaxing. Fievel: That'll do. They both leave the storage room and went to the mess hall. ","Summary":" AN AMERICAN TAIL V CH 1 The year is 1903, Fievel is 17 years older than when his family first moved"},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"Kismet","Author":"HasFar2Go","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2405015","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Kismet Author: Rose with Thorns Rating: T for language, violence Summary: Broken down busses and bribes lead to unexpected reunions. Seth's now on the hunt to bring the most unlikely person back to El Ray. Author's Note:[Chapter 2]  Title: Kismet[Chapter 3] Title: Kismet Author: Rose with Thorns Rating: T for language, violence Summary: Broken down busses and bribes lead to unexpected reunions. Seth's now on the hunt to bring the most unlikely person back to El Ray.[Chapter 4] Title: Kismet Author: Rose with Thorns Rating: T for language, violence Summary: Broken down busses and bribes lead to unexpected reunions. Seth's now on the hunt to bring the most unlikely person back to El Ray. Author's Note:[Chapter 5] Howdy, y'all. Sorry about getting of the track with this story, but with school starting, and its accompanying soap opera, and the several dozen things I'm in and work … I got a teensy bit distracted. But now that I've vented to the appropriate people and gotten my footing, I promise I'll start updating this… HERE'S THAT GODDAMN LINK! \"critters .critique. org/ sting/ just put the www. in front, take out the spaces, and you're good to go. \"That was…\"[Chapter 6] Therntown confused her, to be honest. So it didn't take very long forrnKate to get lost. She retraced her steps and found her way back tornthe hotel. The pool area was desolate, since today the water was arnmurky green, so no one bothered her when she decided to sit there. \"Gotrnsun screen on, I hope.\" Thernsun was setting. Katernslowly turned her head to look up at him, glaring. He blocked therndim light for a second and sat down next to her. Big step for him;rnhis suit was white. \"Irnwon't lie to you, Kate: I am an asshole.\" When she only snortedrnbut did not say anything, he sighed and took off his sunglasses andrnturned to look at her. \"But I am an asshole with morals. Limitedrnones, mind you, but morals. So I'm in a tight spot here.\" If hernthought she was going to forgive him, he was dead wrong. Putting herrnhands to the hot, rough pavement, she pushed up and unfolded herself,rnwandering away towards her room. He followed. \"Yournknow that I'm sorry, Kate. I'm sorry I didn't say anything,rnbut please, you have to realize-\" \"Anrnapology would suffice, and you've given it, so this conversation isrnover.\" She was in front of her door, rummaging for her keys in herrnpurse. Seth reached a hand into the outside of her purse and pulledrnit out. He ignored the look she gave him. Hisrnfoot was in the door. Literally, so he pushed his way in. Kate \"Partrntwo of my apology is dinner tonight. With me.\" Shernlooked up from busying herself with fluffing a pillow. \"You justrntook us out to lunch, and I seem to remember a conversation where wernswore that the feat was one that should be left alone from now on.\" \"No,\"rnhe said, slowly. \"I mean just you and me. Or Nina, too, if yourndon't trust me.\" Oh,rnwhat a loaded statement. \"Fine,\"rnshe spat, tiredly. \"Fine, dinner then. But we're discussingrnthis. So be prepared. And no wise-ass remarks as filler.\" \"Nornma'am.\" \"A date ?rn But you stormed out of his place earlier,\" said Nina, long legsrnkicking back and forth behind her on the bed. She was watching Katernsort through the few pieces of clothing she had for something decent.rn It turned out to be black slacks and an acceptable top. Nothingrnleggy, nothing to frumpish, either. ","Summary":" Title: Kismet Author: Rose with Thorns Rating: T for language, violence Summary: Broken down busses"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"Fievel and Tanya's American Tail","Author":"Demonlord5000","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12477694","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Fievel! Fievel, come back here!\" \"I'm getting my hat Papa!\" The younger mouse shouted back, jumping up the large steps to the upper deck of the rocking ship, where the wind had 'stolen' his hat. \"Fievel no! Get back here this instant!\" Papa shouted, trying to climb up after him. During all this, Tanya had wandered over to them. She sighed, exasperated at her brother's antics, and leapt up the steps with ease. \"I'll get him Papa.\" She called as she passed the older mouse. \"What!? Tanya! Stop!\" She didn't hear him, continuing up towards her brother, who had reclaimed his hat and was gaping at the chaos of the storm. \"Come on Fievel!\" She demanded, grabbing his sleeve. \"You know better than to run off like that!\" \"Aaw come on!\" Fievel whined. Suddely, the ship jerked, and gravity took over, sending the two siblings tumbling into the flooded deck. They both screamed, Tanya grabbed onto a stray rope, her other arm wrapped around Fievel's waist. \"Kids!\" Papa was above them, holding out his hand. \"Here! Grab on!\" Fievel, who was closer, reached out his hand. After a tense moment, Papa managed to grab Fievel's sleeve. Tanya mentally sighed in relief... Until the sound of tearing fabric made her heart sink. Fievel's sleeve gave way, and the two mice children were sent back and forth by the boat's rocking, until a massive wave slammed into the boat, sending Fievel and Tanya overboard, and into the endless abyss of water below... XXXXX \"Tanya? Tanya, wake up.\" Fievel's voice tore through the abyss of sleep plaguing Tanya's mind... Though just barely. \"Mgh...\" She batted him away, only for him to start shaking harder. \"Wake up Tanya!\" \"Five more minutes.\" Tanya whined, rolling over... She got a face full of seawater. She sat up, spitting the salty water out. She looked around her surroundings, which was easier said than done, as the bottle they were in obscured their view of the outside world. Everything came to her... They were thrown overboard... Away from their parents and sister. \"Tanya, I'm scared.\" Fievel whined. \"Me too, but don't worry Fievel, everything will be okay.\" She pulled him closer, trying to consol him. They were nearly knocked over as a stray wave pushed the bottle onto what appeared to be solid ground. They heard a flutter of wings, and something landed next to the bottle. \"Ah ha! Look at this! They are coming here in bottles now?\" Fievel sneezed, rocketing up into the neck of the bottle, which he proceeded to crawl out of. \"Children, where is your Mama? Your Papa?\" \"I don't know.\" Fievel answered as Tanya helped push him out of the bottle. \"They were on the boat to America.\" Tanya finished, crawling after her brother. \"America? Well, you children are in luck! This is America!\" The animal, who Tanya and Fievel now saw was a pidgeon with a French accent, exclaimed. \"It is!? Tanya! We made it to America!\" Fievel happily exclaimed. \"But we don't know where Mama and Papa and Yasha are.\" Fievel's face fell. \"B-but we can find them! America doesn't look that big!\" \"I apologize little one.\" The pidgeon cut in. \"This is but a small island that is a part of America. It is much bigger than you realize.\" Fievel's head dropped, distraught. Tanya wrapped an arm around him. \"But worry not children, I'll help in whatever way a can. But first, we should get you cleaned up! All that sea water cannot be good for you, no?\" He turned, spreading his wings. \"Come! Climb on, I will take you to my home.\" \"Our parents told us not to trust strangers.\" Tanya responded. \"And your parents were right to do so! But you should know that not all strangers have bad intentions.\" \"He seems nice Tanya.\" Fievel spoke up. Tanya crossed her arms. \"Perhaps I should introduce myself. My name is Henri. You?\" \"I'm Fievel, and this my sister Tanya!\" \"Very nice to meet both of you!\" The pidgeon bowed. \"I will help the two of you find your parents, I only ask that you trust me.\" Tanya sighed. \"If you try anything, you'll regret it.\" With that said, she helped Fievel crawl up onto Henri's back.[Chapter 2] Fievel sighed as Tanya scrubbed his head. Henri had offered to let them clean up after having been in a bottle full of salty water (Though Tanya demanded he not look at her without her clothes on.). \"Ah, why the long face?\" Henri asked, fluttering up beside the siblings. \"How are we gonna find Mama and Papa in this big place?\" Fievel asked in return. \"You must not lose hope young immigrant!\" Henri implored. \"You will find your parents, I am sure of it.\" Fievel sighed again. \"It's hopless. We'll never find them.\" \"Fievel...\" Tanya began, only for Henri to interrupt her. \"Uh, pardon me, but did you say 'never'?\" Fievel hesitantly nodded. \"NO!\" Henri said sharply, causing the siblings to jump. \"You never say never!\" \"But it's hopeless!\" Fievel responded. \"Fievel...\" Tanya began again, only for Henri to shush her. \"Ah, this is America; the place to find hope! If you give up, you will never find your family. So...\" He paused as Tanya was helping Fievel into his clothes. \"Never... say... Never. Say... Never say never, whatever you do.\" Henri sang, producing a half dollar coin and allowing the mouse siblings to stare at their reflections. \"Never say never, my friends.\" \"Henri, I...\" Fievel began. \"Ah! Tais-toi!\" Fievel looked to Tanya for an answer, but she just shrugged. \"If you believe that your dreams can come true, they'll come true in the end!\" The pidgeon continued singing as he led the siblings along. \"But I...\" Fievel started. \"Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah!\" \"Can we...\" Tanya tried. \"No!\" Henri cleared his throat. \"Keep up your courage, don't ever dispair. Take heart and then count to ten! Hope for the best, work for the rest, and never say never again!\" He placed down a rivet as he looked to the two mice. \"Aw but it's impossible!\" Fievel whined. \"And I really don't think singing is going to help us find our parents.\" Tanya jibbed. Henri shushed her. \"I am trying to lift your brother's spirit!\" He whispered to her frantically, before turning back to Fievel, tapping him on the nose. \"Never say never! Now say that! Go on!\" \"Never say never...\" \"Whatever you do!\" Henri finished. \"You too!\" He spoke to Tanya. \"Never say never!\" The siblings sang in unison. \"To me! See how easy? If you believe you can come shining through!\" \"That's, that's how it's gonna be!\" Fievel tried, and Tanya nodded. \"Perfect! Haha!\" Henri cheered as a group of female pidgeons flew in from nowhere. \"Now don't you go and give up, give out and give in! When the going's rough, just get tough and just tell yourself you're gonna win!\" \"Remember to look on the bright side!\" Henri started. \"And never... Say never... Again!\" \"Catchy, but still, did it really need to be in song form?\" Tanya questioned. \"Don't be such a shrew.\" Henri responded. He turned to Fievel. \"Are you ready to find your family?\" \"I guess so...\" \"Oui! Chantelle!\" One of the female pidgeons flew up to them. \"Take these children to immigration. That is our best bet for finding their parents.\" \"Why can't you take us?\" Tanya questioned. \"I would love to, but I am already behind work on this statue as is. But don't worry children! I have the highest hopes for you.\" He lifted them onto Chantelle's back, and the female took off. \"Au revoir! Bonne chance! Good luck!\" \"Did you understand most of what he was saying?\" Fievel asked quietly. \"Nope.\" Was Tanya's answer. ","Summary":" \"Fievel! Fievel, come back here!\" \"I'm getting my hat Papa!\" The younger mouse shouted back, ju"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Why Do You Like Me?","Author":"TorontoBatFan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6443004","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Why Do You Like Me? July 1983 A/N Welcome to my second fanfic based on \"Let Me In\". This is a continuation of my first fic, \"Almost Too Late\". Reading that one isn't a prerequisite, but it would be helpful. A/N2 I don't own any of characters, except for Grandpa Oscar. Owen looked at his watch and closed the workbook on the old desk. He had been working most of the afternoon at his correspondence courses, ever since he had awakened around 2pm. It was now well past 7pm. He stood up and stretched, his muscles stiff from the enforced inactivity. He found he now grew stiff after sitting a long time. His muscles had been growing and adapting amazingly well to the hard physical labour he now did on his grandfather's ranch. Even after only three months, Owen looked much different from the pale, weak looking boy who had fled Los Alamos back in late March. A timely growth spurt combined with daily physical activity had added close to an inch of height as well as broadened his chest and shoulders while thickening his upper arms. Unlike most people who worked the land though, much of Owen's work was done at night. His days were more or less evenly divided between sleeping and doing his correspondence courses for the schoolwork that he was not in class for. He didn't mind any of that at all. Truth be told, he enjoyed it. Of course, even if he didn't, there wasn't much of a choice…at least for the schoolwork part of it. Owen knew he could probably never attend any sort of regular school again. He really couldn't go anywhere that public where people could get a good look at him for a sustained amount of time. To put it bluntly, Owen was far too hot for that. He didn't truly miss it. He worked well on his own –he always had. He had good self-discipline and focus. He noted with bitter amusement how much easier it was for him to read something and absorb the lesson if he wasn't having spitballs lobbed at him, hearing whispered taunts or generally fearing for his life every second of the schoolday. The other reason he was perhaps the only swing-shift ranch hand in North America was also the indirect reason he was both here and unable to attend a school or anyplace where his identity might be checked. His heart pounded a little as he looked at both his Timex watch and out the window, as if a check of the sun angle was needed to confirm his wristwatch was accurate. Yes, the sun was still quite high in the sky, as it was only the first week of July. The Summer Solstice was barely past and it was still next to impossible to discern that the days had begun to grow shorter again. But, that was a matter of perspective. For most people, the days had begun to grow shorter. For Owen, his days –or at least the part of the day he cherished- had begun to grow longer. He felt his heart beat in anticipation as he sensed the coming of night. That was the time he lived for. That was the time he got to be with her. That was the time he could be with Abby. Abby. He rolled the name over in his head and simply could not contain the smile that spread across his face. He recalled her giving him a last kiss as she slipped out of his bed early that morning as the darkness in the eastern sky had begun to pale. She slipped an oversize shirt over her small, bare frame and slipped out the window. He had looked out in time to see her open the door that led down some steps to an old, long disused root cellar. She looked up and saw him watching her from his bedroom window. She giggled and blew him a kiss before descending the steps and locking the door after her. The old root cellar had a deceptively heavy door with an obscenely strong lock that would seem more fitting for the federal prison at Marion, Illinois that an old ranch in the foothills of the Rockies in Montana. There were two keys to that lock. She had one. Owen had the other, and IT was kept in a small, but highly secure lockbox in his room. He was the only person who knew the combination. Outsiders might have laughed at the type of security the two had built for an old cellar where –prior to the last week of this past March- all that it was used for was keeping broken tools and disused Christmas decorations. However, outsiders couldn't have guessed just what was now peacefully sleeping in the darkness down there. More than likely, they were far happier not knowing. Yes, definitely happier…. Owen, however did know, but it was no lie to say that knowledge –or more importantly, the person attendant to that knowledge- had made him happier than anything in his entire lifespan of nearly thirteen years. (That landmark birthday was a couple of weeks away yet.) Owen sighed. He had at least two more hours before he could feel safe in entering the root cellar. He could have entered without any risk at 12 noon, if he had wanted. But, he knew that Abby would feel a little worried if she knew that the door had been opened at that time –even though there about three doors between her and daylight- so, for her sake, he didn't descend until the gloaming. It was the absolute least he could do. Abby was…well…she was everything to Owen. She was his best friend. She was his girlfriend. She was the other half –he was now certain- of his soul. To put it more bluntly, she was the reason he was still alive –literally. He was as certain as he was of the coming darkness that he would be dead by now, if it wasn't for her. He would have drowned in the deep end of the swimming pool at his old middle-school in Los Alamos, New Mexico back in March. There was no question about it. He had been literally seconds away from drowning. He would have been dead. The four sociopathic bullies would have left him floating face down in the pool while they fled the scene. Mr. Zoric, his gym teacher who he did miss as he had tried to help Owen out, would have returned from investigating a dumpster fire (that his prospective murderers had set as a distraction) to find him floating face down in the water. They would have gotten away with it too, most likely. He had been a poor swimmer then –although he had since rectified that situation in the river and deep pond that ran through the property- and his death would have been listed as a tragic accident. Zoric would probably have been fired for negligence if not charged. Instead, Zoric returned to the pool to find something from out of a horror movie –one of those films that had become insanely popular in the last five or six years or so- where the whole point of the film seemed to be to show what happened when madmen with hockey masks used power tools on living human beings. Owen still could not believe the carnage he'd witnessed once he'd pulled himself from the water and got a look around. The previous two weeks he'd had his eyes opened (alright, more like sprung open) through his burgeoning relationship with Abby. He'd learned the truth about her and her nature. He'd even seen her attack and drain an unfortunate Los Alamos detective who'd stumbled onto her daytime lair. (Owen still felt sorry for that man. He wished he could turn back the clock and stop him from trying to enter the bathroom of the dingy apartment. However, he'd accepted the simple truth that it was that man or Abby, and that was not a choice. At least not to Owen.) However, this carnage was something beyond the imagination. By the remains of a shattered window had been a pair of corpses (Donny and Mark, Kenny's two henchmen who perhaps had been a little more reluctant to follow Kenny's atrocities. Of course, if they had been MORE reluctant and actually refused, they would still be alive and in summer school now) who had no heads. They had been smashed together so hard, their heads had simply been obliterated. Brain tissue, blood and skull pieces littered the deck. Jimmy –the ringleader who'd been holding him under water- was mostly slumped over where he'd been holding Owen beneath the surface. (Mostly, because while his body was still there, his head now lay on the bottom of the pool, twelve feet beneath the surface.) The head had been ripped off with fearsome violence. It had not been cut off, but had literally been pulled off the torso. The spinal cord was actually protruding from the body. Jimmy's head was pulled off with such force that the brain was literally pulled free of the spinal column. And finally, there was Kenny. Kenny, the sociopathic bully who had tormented Owen for months, was hard to recognize. He had simply been pulled apart. His head lay on one part of the deck –enough of his neck remained to let Owen know that Abby had fed off of Kenny before her coup-de-grace. ( Owen suspected it was the one positive contribution Kenny had made to any being in his entire short yet vicious life.) Kenny's lower body, which Owen could tell even above the odour of the chlorine had defecated himself before his death, lay a fair bit away from the head. The rest of his torso was simply scattered around the rest of the deck. His ribcage lay next to the backboard. His two arms had come to rest, individually, close to the reaching pole (morbidly ironic much, thought Owen). And his organs were literally scattered about the deck like an interrupted game of \"Operation\". The pool deck was red. The water was turning red. The walls were red. And Abby herself was dripping red with blood. Owen's jaw had dropped when he took in the sight of the deck that now looked like an abattoir. Abby, however, was like a vision from Heaven. A day and a half prior, he had watched her get into a taxi and drive away from his life. He had felt that he would never see her again. Yet now, she was here and had saved his life. In the space of a minute or two he had gone from fully expecting to die, to being reunited with the person he could honestly say he loved more than anything else in the world. (To say it was a mild shock to his system would be an understatement along the lines of saying that a few drops of blood had been spilled around the pool.) Owen knew that he was being given a second chance with Abby. It was a gift he simply could not pass up without regretting it and cursing himself every second for the rest of his life. Owen was no fool. He left with Abby without a second thought. Of course, that accounted for his inability to go to school. So far as the authorities were concerned, he was either one of two things. He was either a kidnap victim of a homicidal madman (more probably a fifth murder victim after three months) or he was the prime suspect. There was no third option, and Owen knew he did not want to find out which theory was the favoured theory of the local, state and federal authorities. Hence, his schooling was now being done by correspondence course. Luckily, Montana was a large state and quite spread out. As well, there were still some people who didn't completely like the idea of sending their children off to learn with strangers in a public system. So, correspondence courses and home schooling were not an unheard of thing. Thus, Owen's education was continuing…under a fake name, of course. Owen caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror as he left the room. He had to take note of his developing upper body. He felt that if he'd encountered any of those bullies now, things would be different. If he'd been so badly outnumbered again, they likely still would have prevailed, although Owen was certain he'd be able to give some back enough to make them feel some pain as well. And, if there was only one of them, Owen felt he could now win. His stomach grumbled. Time for some dinner/breakfast he thought. Towards eight o'clock, Owen was finishing his meal when his grandfather Oscar came into the kitchen. He was a strong looking man of average height in his early sixties. He had a head full of hair that was not yet grey, a pleasant face and icy blue eyes. His hands and fingers were amazingly strong after a lifetime of working this ranch. He smiled at his grandson and patted his shoulder as he walked to get a drink of juice from the fridge. \"Hi grandpa.\" \"Evening, Owen. Did all your lessons for the day?\" \"Yup. All set to be sent in. Just need some stamps for the envelopes.\" \"Leave them on the table. I'm going into town tomorrow morning. I'll mail them then.\" \"Thanks. What do you want us to do tonight?\", Owen asked as he took a drink of his milk. His grandfather scratched his bristly chin as he thought about it. \"Actually, I don't think there is anything big right now. You two did a good job on scraping the old paint off the tool shed last night.\" \"Thanks\" \"I'll have some new paint for it here next week. Think it can be done then?\" \"I'll ask Abby. I don't think we have anything else to do.\", Owen joked. \"What I like to see. Industriousness amongst the young.\", Oscar Alfredson said with a smile. \"Incidentally, I'll see if there are some new crossword puzzle magazines at the drugstore tomorrow. I'll, uh, be going past the butcher's as well. I'll get another gallon drum from them.\" \"Thank you, grandpa. I, uh, want to say that I really appreciate that. And, you know that Abby appreciates it too.\" \"Well, I appreciate the fact that if it wasn't for her, I wouldn't have a grandson anymore.\", Oscar said as he reached over and tussled Owen's hair. \"You should tell her that more often. She can't believe how good you've been about all this since we just showed up in March.\" \"I know…But not tonight. I'm going over to the Lawton's now. Joe and I are going to watch the ballgame.\", he stood up and patted his grandson on his shoulder. \"I'll see you in the morning, I guess. Tell Abby I'll see her tomorrow night\", he said this as a strange look came over his face. \"What's wrong, grandpa?\" \"I just wish…I wish I could tell Joe that you're here. He and Sally were there for me those eight miserable years I didn't see a sight of you. They had me at their place for Christmas. They came over on my birthday. They were good to me. And, well, sue me for wanting me to tell my best friend that my grandson is living with me.\" \"And that I have my vampire girlfriend living in the root cellar?\", Owen asked sadly. They'd covered this before. He truly sympathized with his grandfather's desire (he himself wanted to shout from every rooftop west of the Mississippi River that he was in love with Abby), but that didn't change the facts. Nobody could know Owen was there. And nobody could even get a hint about Abby. Owen feared the policeman in Los Alamos had been searching for Abby when he was sniffing around her apartment. People had seen her and Owen together at the complex. All it would take was a hint to the wrong person about that missing boy from New Mexico possibly being seen on the Alfredson ranch (and a cursory check would reveal the familial connection) and it would be game over. Add to that, the potential for disaster if someone connected him to Abby and a girl of that description was seen there too. That would be it. Their chances for a new life together would be over. They'd be forced to flee. Abby would lose the chance at the secure home she'd come to love these past three months and have to resume her nomadic lifestyle. Owen would go with her no matter what…But he'd hate to leave here as well. The stability was good for both of them. Abby looked as happy as he'd ever seen her. The blood brought back from the butcher's shop on a weekly basis was far from enjoyable for her….But it did the job in sating her hunger, to their mutual delight. She was in the fourth month of not having attacked any human being. Each passing day brought a brighter smile to her face and her laugh became gayer. Abby said that the good feeling from that outweighed the distaste for the stored animal blood. \"I know, my boy. I'm just an old man wishing out loud. I tell you the God's honest truth: I would rather have the two of you here in secret than not having you here at all. I've gotten used to having a grandson again. And as for Abby…She saved you, and you're here now. I can never repay that. As for what she is…She's a good person. You and I both see that. What's more, I've gotten used to having her here too. I think I'd miss her just as much as you if you both had to leave.\" \"Thank you, grandpa.\", Owen said quietly. \"It means so much to her.\" \"Everyone in this world, my boy needs certain things. It doesn't matter what they are, they need things. They need love, they need acceptance and they need a real place to call home. You just keep reminding her about that. I wish I'd remembered that fact in time myself when your Uncle Lyle…Nevermind!\", he shook his head to clear the memory. \"I'm off to Joe's. You two have fun tonight.\" \"We will. Enjoy the game.!\" \"I always do.\", his grandfather said happily as he strolled out the door. A few minutes later, the sound of his pick-up truck coming to life was heard, followed by the sound of it heading down the drive to the main road. Owen couldn't believe his grandfather. It was one thing to welcome his long unseen grandson into his home and life…and keep that fact a secret. It was entirely another to accept that he had a travelling companion…who happened to be a 220 year old vampire. Yet, somehow, he had. Maybe the happiness of Owen's presence outweighed the sheer shock of the revelation of what Abby was. Maybe his grandfather was like him and could see the same person he saw when he looked at Abby –a sweet and loving girl who had been suppressed by a monster within her from the time a decade before the American Revolution. Owen had managed to bring that girl out. His grandfather saw nothing but that girl and stunned Abby by suggesting she make her bedroom in the root cellar. Speaking of Abby, he thought. He looked at his watch and glanced out the window at the western sky. The sun was now down enough to begin his happiest time of the day. First, he descended the basement steps. Downstairs, beside the washing machine, was an old fridge. His grandfather has used it primarily for keeping beer cold and storing extra meat or fish when the hunting or fishing had been good. Now, it served a slightly different purpose. Owen opened it up. Inside were at least two dozen old beer bottles. Each had been carefully washed, sterilized and recapped. Each was now full of blood brought back from the local butcher at least once a week. Owen selected two bottles, shut the door and returned upstairs. A few minutes later, Owen –carrying what he needed, walked around the stone ranch house to the entrance to the root cellar. He paused at the top of the steps and looked at the western sky. The sun was setting behind the mountains, casting the ranch in heavenly pink glow. It illuminated the house, the barn and garage, the toolshed that he and Abby would paint in the coming week. It cast its ethereal light on the paths leading into the pine woods that surrounded the place. Off in the distance, he could see the herds of cattle and sheep the ranch raised, all grazing in their fields. Sunset in the Rocky Mountains could take your breath away. It did for Owen. Yet, truth be told, it was not a sight he wanted to see too much more of. It was not that he was tired of the beauty. He simply wanted to no longer be able to walk around outside when there was sun in the sky. It was a simple choice. He loved Abby. He loved her more than anything. He knew that she was his destiny and there was no other. The dye was cast. He wanted her to change him into a vampire like herself. They both knew that it was the only way for their love to truly survive. Otherwise, time would inevitably force them apart. Owen couldn't stand the thought of that. He sighed to himself. He suspected she wanted the same thing…but was afraid to admit it. At any rate, he felt he could convince her sooner or later. He unlocked the heavy main door and stepped in. Ahead and to his left was a second door that he went through. Beyond that, was a third one. All were offset enough so that no light from behind could get through if –on the off chance- one door was opened before the other was closed. Passing the third door, Owen stopped and flicked on a light. The low wattage bulb illuminated the cozy room. It held an old dresser, upon which a completed Rubik's Cube sat. It was his first ever gift to her, and it was the first thing she had placed on the dresser when they set it up in her new room. The air in the room was far fresher than he would have thought. A hidden vent opened to the outside. It allowed fresh air to enter, but no light. It was uncertain if Abby needed it, or not. But, she didn't seem to mind. He set the old pot down on the ground and opened the thermos of hot water he'd brought from the kitchen. He poured the water into the pot and set the two bottles in. They would soon warm up to a more palatable temperature. Owen silently walked over to the old double bed and gently sat down. For the first time he let himself look at the sleeping figure. This was a near-daily ritual for him now. Yet, everyday he felt like a character from Sleeping Beauty . Not that that's a bad thing, Owen thought wryly. Abby was lying on her side, facing him. The shirt she'd put on in Owen's room was draped across the foot of the bed. She was nude, which was no surprise to Owen since she'd been that way she had put the shirt on in his room that morning. The shirt was the only article of clothing anywhere, and the bedsheet was only to her waist. There were no shoes anywhere, which didn't surprise him since he'd met her the only time she'd ever worn shoes was on their first date when they went to the arcade in Los Alamos. He looked at her beautiful face. She was absolutely still. It freaked him out a little bit when he watched her sleep. She didn't make the usual noises of movements when she slept. Of course, she shouldn't do that, he thought. She's a vampire. Techincally, they're supposed to be dead and that's what they should look like when they go do sleep during the day. It was still hard for him to reconcile the image of her apparently lifeless body lying here now and the happy and joyous girl she was (or had at least become since their arrival here towards the end of March). He wondered if she dreamed. He should ask her about that. She was always quite matter-of-fact about the details of her condition. It was a sign of how much she trusted him. Well, he thought, it should be any minute now…. As if on cue, Abby's blue eyes shot open. She took in the sight of her beloved Owen, sitting beside her, propped agains the pillows against the wall, looking at his watch. He saw her awake now and smiled. Abby smiled back and pushed herself up in the bed. She leaned forward and kissed Owen deeply on the lips. She truly loved to wake up with him right there. It reminded her that she wasn't alone now. She had more than a Caretaker. She had someone who truly loved her and simply couldn't believe she could be that fortunate. She took his hand in both of hers and placed them on her cheek. Owen smiled as he recognized her non-verbal gesture of love and affection. \"Good morning.\", she said with a soft smile on her face. \"Morning.\", he replied as gestured to the two bottles. \"I brought you breakfast in bed.\", he said with his own broad smile. TO BE CONTINUED! Reviews are greatly appreciated! :-D[Chapter 2] Here's Part 2 of the story. I hope everyone likes it. I may just have part 3 up later tonight as well. Enjoy! Why Do You Like Me? Part 2 Abby sat cross-legged on her bed as took the beer bottle in her hand and felt for the temperature. It wasn't ideal but was warm enough for her. Like with any food for any creature, the temperature didn't really affect whether it satisfied her needs, but did affect her enjoyment of it. She saw Owen watching her and, with a grin, she put the bottle's neck to her mouth and bit slightly down on the cap. Then, a wrench of her wrist and the cap popped off as neatly as any tool could do. Owen's eyes bulged out as he saw this. He wordlessly held up the bottle opener that had been on the bedside table. \"Wow. How come you never use the opener?\", he chuckled as he shook his head in awe. \"I saw it on TV, and besides, the look on your face is always so priceless.\", Abby laughed as she set the cap on the other bedside table. She sniffed the contents, put the bottle to her lips and took a large drink. Owen watched Abby have her breakfast. Watching her feed was the one aspect to their relationship that he still had to completely wrap his head around. He guessed that stemmed from the memory of what happened in the secret basement room in Los Alamos when the truth about her was revealed after he cut open his own finger in an attempt to do a blood bond. (Looking back, he realized with hindsight, that was a really, REALLY bad idea. It was only the strength of Abby's feelings for him that allowed her to retain enough control over her instincts that allowed her to flee before attacking him.) Yet, he refused to look away. This was what Abby was, and it was how she now fed. He loved her irregardless of what she was and to look away would make it seem like he was somehow not completely comfortable with her. And making Abby feel that way was something he would never do. Abby lowered the now half-empty bottle and looked at it. A wry grin spread over her slightly bloodied lips. \"What is it?\" \"I'm just think about those beer commercials on TV. I wonder if the beer companies could ever dream their beer bottles would be re-used for this?\" \"I don't think so.\", Owen laughed at the thought. \"It gives a whole new meaning to 'It's Miller time!', doesn't it?\", Abby giggled as she drained the contents of the first bottle and reached for the second, that Owen had helpfully opened for her with the bottle opener. \"Thank you. They really should try to make these bottles with twist off caps, shouldn't they?\", Abby said as she took an initial drink from the second bottle. \"They should. I mean, it's 1983. We can rent movies to watch at home and record things off the television. Is twist off beer caps THAT much of a challenge?\", Owen asked with a sardonic smile. \"I'll bet The A-Team could do it.\", Abby laughed as she recalled the show the two of them had started watching in summer reruns since their arrival three months prior. \"The A-Team can do anything…except get BA on a plane willingly.\", Owen laughed back. \"Oh, I think *I* could get him on a plane.\", Abby said with a wink of one of her blue eyes as she took another drink from the second bottle. \"Yup. My girlfriend is tougher than BA Baracus.\", Owen smiled. He saw Abby finish off the contents of the second bottle with a slight grimace. \"Abby…Are you alright?\" \"Oh, I'm fine.\", she said with a reassuring smile. \"It's just that the taste is still something I'm getting used to.\" \"It's bad?\" \"Um, yes and no…Well, it's more just bland and tasteless than anything else.\" \"I'm sorry.\" \"Why? You have nothing to be sorry for.\", Abby said as she put her hand on his. \"The taste isn't good, but I really don't care too much about that. I drink it and I'm not hungry afterwards. That's all that really matters to me. It's doing what it needs to and that's all I really care about. I don't smell funny, do I?\" \"What?\" \"Well, remember how when I don't feed for a long time, I start to smell funny? I don't think I smell funny now, do I?\", Abby asked with a smile as she knew she didn't. Owen gave her his own smile and leaned into her and smelled around the side of her face and her hair. All he could detect –as he figured he would- was the scent of the Head & Shoulders shampoo she had used in the shower yesterday. He gave her a quick kiss on the cheek as he pulled away. \"Nope. Nothing to smell but shampoo and soap\" \"Good. I'd hate for you to have to tell me I smell kind of funny again.\", she said with a smile as she arched her eyebrow. \"Are you ever going to let me hear the end of that?\", Owen pretended to groan in frustration as she referenced their second meeting ever back in Los Alamos. \"Let me think about that….Nope.\", Abby giggled. \"Seriously though, you don't know how glad I am that your idea worked. It's…It's a whole new life for me. It's…I can't even begin to describe it. No more attacking people. No more letting myself starve so I wouldn't have to hurt someone until I simply couldn't go without eating…\", Abby turned her tussled head down at the memory. Owen's heart went out for her as it always did when Abby recalled some of the many bitter memories of her past. He put his arm around her bare shoulder and pulled her close to him, kissing the top of her head. \"It's alright Abby. It's what happened before. You don't have to do that anymore.\", he said softly to her. \"I know. And I am *so* grateful for that. It's all because of you, you know. It was your idea. I never would have thought of it. Owen, you know how you said I saved you at the pool in Los Alamos?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Well, your idea for me to eat like this...I think it's saved me. *You've* saved me.\" \"I have?\" \"You have. And don't you *ever* forget it.\", Abby said as her smile returned and she kissed Owen on the cheek. She stood up from the bed, not bothered at all by the fact she was still nude. She crossed over to her dresser, opened a drawer and removed a t-shirt, underwear and a pair of jeans. Owen smiled at the fact that a few months earlier, he had been transfixed when he had spied a neighbour at his old apartment complex a brief moment when she'd been topless. Then, he had felt a juvenile thrill at a forbidden sight. Now, he saw Abby completely nude pretty much every day. Perhaps it was his growing sense of maturity or the depth of his feelings for her that he felt simply a sense of warmth that Abby was comfortable enough with him to do this. Yes, he was certainly aroused by her. But, it was the emotional bond underneath that was even more important to him. Abby finished doing up her jeans and pulled the t-shirt down over her head, pausing a moment to pull her long blonde hair out from the neck. She picked up the now empty beer bottle and headed for the door. Owen followed her, clicking off the light as they left. \"So, what do we have for tonight?\", Abby asked as they ascended the steps to the outside. \"Nothing.\" \"Nothing. Grandpa said that there's nothing big to do until he gets the paint for the toolshed. Oh, he wanted to say that we did a good job scraping the paint off of it last night.\" \"I'm glad. It wasn't that hard a job\" \"Well, you not needing a ladder really must have been a help on the top part.\" \"It wasn't anything big. I'm just happy there's something I can do after all he's done for us.\", Abby smiled. Since their arrival in March, she and Owen had spent most of their nights doing chores around the ranch. Grandpa Oscar hadn't really asked them to do it, but both of them wanted to repay him for the way he'd welcomed them and –in Abby's case- accepted her. It had been a quite symbiotic arrangement so far. Owen and Abby felt that they were able to repay Grandpa Oscar for his kindness and acceptance. And Grandpa Oscar, got some much needed extra help on the ranch –and Abby's superhuman strength was an invaluable asset. Owen, of course, couldn't begin to match her. But, he the physical work was doing much to build up his body and he enjoyed the ranch life. The work was good for him, and he got to spend all the night with Abby. So far as he was concerned, it was perfect. \"So, what do you want to do tonight, then?\", Abby asked as they entered the kitchen. Owen stepped over to the sink to rinse out the empty bottles. They would be resterilized in boiling water before refilling them with the next shipment of blood to come from the local butcher. Abby went down the hall to the bathroom and Owen soon heard water running, along with the distinctive sound of teeth being brushed. He walked along to the downstairs bathroom in time to see Abby spitting out the toothpaste and rinsing her mouth out. He grinned at the sight. \"What?\", Abby asked as she saw his smile. \"It's just funny at the idea of a vampire having to brush her teeth.\" \"I guess…But, I like the feeling afterwards. I don't like my mouth feeling dirty or having a bad taste.\" \"I guess.\" \"Let me put it this way…Isn't it nicer when we kiss, *after* I brush my teeth.\", Abby grinned. \"Let me see.\", Owen said. He crossed the distance between them and kissed her gently on the lips. \"Oh yeah, much better.\", he deadpanned. \"Glad you like it.\" \"Shame we can't do toothpaste commercials.\" Abby nearly choked on laughter at that thought. \"Oh yeah, I can see it now. Forget dentists; four out of five vampires recommend Colgate.\" \"Hey, it would be better than that idiot whose always talking about natural gas to his neighbour Vern.\" \"I don't doubt that.\" \"So, what do you want to do tonight?\", Owen asked as he rocked Abby gently in his arms. \"I'm not sure. Want to go for a walk in the woods while we think of something?\", Abby asked. \"Sounds nice.\" They went out the kitchen door and walked, holding hands, towards one of the paths that led into the pine forests that bordered the ranch. They knew the path well, even in the darkness. Owen had walked it in daylight as well as in the dark and darkness, of course, was Abby's natural element. Soon, the sound of flowing water reached their ears and they emerged into a clearing by the river that ran through the property. The river, and a deep estuary pond that was a few hundred yards away, was one of their favourite spots. For Owen, in the daytime, he loved to watch the blue water flowing over the rocks and the swirling eddies. At nighttime (and Owen was briefly sad that Abby could never see the beauty of the place in the daylight) the moon and stars sparkled on the water like an infinite number of diamonds. Up the river, the water was much deeper. It was there, and in the pond that they went swimming together. Here, though, the shallower water was more peaceful to sit beside and simply enjoy the other's company. Abby rolled up her jeans, sat down on the bank and placed her bare feet in the water. Owen sat down beside her and she leaned back against him, looking up at the night sky. \"It's so beautiful here, Owen.\", she said in quiet wonderment. \"Yeah, I think so too. You've never been anywhere like here before?\" \"No. I mean, I've been to places that are really nice. But I was never able to enjoy them. It was always the same old thing. I had to feed. Sooner or later, things would go bad, like they did in Los Alamos and I had to go somewhere else again. I never let myself enjoy any of the sights, since I knew that pretty soon I'd be leaving it again.\" \"That sounds so horrible for you.\" \"It was. That's why somedays I can't believe that I'm here, with you. A beautiful place I don't have to leave,\" she said as she smiled at Owen, \"and someone I really love to share it with.\" \"I know what you mean. It was the opposite for me. Before you moved into the complex, my life –after spending the school day getting the crap beaten out of me- was spent in the courtyard eating Now and Later candies all alone. You know the jungle gym, where we met, I used to sit out there all alone, anytime of the year, just sitting and sucking down candies.\", he sighed at the not-so-fond memories. \"I used to imagine what it would be like to have someone to sit with and share the candy with.\", he smiled at her with utter warmth and delight. \"And then you moved in.\" Abby returned the smile. She knew that Owen's life prior to her involvement hadn't been the violent and nomadic existence she had led. However, it had clearly been a terribly unhappy one. \"I'm sorry I couldn't handle the candy though\", she said gently as she recalled the violent regurgitation that had followed her attempt and eating a Now and Later. \"Awww. I'm sorry I made you feel so guilty you tried one. I didn't know it would make you sick like that.\" \"How could you? I remember that it was the first time you hugged me though. So, I guess it was worth it.\" \"I just remember that you finally hugged me back…and then you asked me if I liked you.\" \"Yeah, and you said you did…a lot\" \"How couldn't I?\" \"Why though?\" \"What?\" \"It's something I really wanted to ask you back then. I wanted to ask you why do you like me? I mean, I was just this strange girl who wasn't terribly friendly to you and had just puked up the candy you gave her. I don't see why you would have liked me.\" \"I just did. It was like…You know how you have your instincts that just let you know things, like when the sun is about to rise and everything?\" \"Yeah.\" \"It was like that. There was just something inside of me that said you were really special. Everytime we talked in the courtyard, it let me forget all the stuff about my parents splitting up. It let me forget that I was more than likely to get beaten to death at school sooner or later. It let me forget everything bad and made me feel good whenever I was close to you. It was…It was like I just *knew* that you were something really good in my life. How could I not like you?\" \"Awww, Owen.\", Abby said as she felt goosebumps rise. \"What about me?\" \"Hmmm?\" \"I wondered the same thing back then. You were hanging out with me. *Nobody* ever hung out with me. I thought you had to like me, at least a little, to do that. So, I wondered why do you like me?\", he asked her gently. \"Owen, do you remember when I told you, that night we left Los Alamos, that you were the most special person I've ever met, going back more than two centuries?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Well, I meant exactly what I said then. There's something so special about you that I can't even try to describe.\" \"I still don't think I'm all that special.\" \"You don't? Owen, what would most people do when they looked at me? What would most people think when they learned what I am? I can tell you. They'd see a monster. They'd see some demon out of Hell. They'd see some filthy leach they'd want to ram a wooden stake into and then leave out in the sun. I can assure you of that, because that's how most people who've learned what I am have reacted. Others, well, they seem to be enthralled with me. Either the need for blood fascinated them and made them want to follow me, or…,\" she swallowed in distaste at the memories \"the fact that I'll always have the body of a twelve year old no matter what was *greatly* appealing for them.\" \"Abby…\" \"No, it's alright now. Like you said, that's the past. You and I have the future now. But, what I'm getting at is that you saw something nobody else did. You saw a person when you saw me. Even when I was acting weird and rude when we first met, you let me have your Rubik's Cube. It was so….kind. Nobody had been really kind to me in the longest time. And then, when you said I could have it since I didn't get any birthday presents…I was so blown away by you doing that, I almost started crying. I think that's what started me on the path to where we are now. Other people would see some weird little freak and run away. You saw someone that you thought needed kindness. You saw the part of me that I thought was dead for so long. You saw it and slowly brought it out. Why would I like you? Owen…You let me know a part of me I thought was dead, was still alive.\" \"You just seemed so sad. I wanted to cheer you up.\" \"And you succeeded. And when you found out what I am. How I said other people reacted? They wanted to kill me or just integrate their own needs with theirs? You…You still saw the girl inside of me. When I was bleeding and you screamed I could come in…I didn't think I could remember the last time I'd felt that happy. You knew what I am…But you would still let me in.\" \"I couldn't do anything else. You were dying right in front of me, and you were still…Abby\" \"That's what I mean. Others all just saw some unholy vampire. You saw *me* and still wanted me. That's what I mean by you're special. You saw something in me nobody else could. You saw something that I thought was dead myself. If it wasn't for you, I'd be God only knows where, in the same cycle I'd been in since the 1760's. I'd be settling somewhere, feeding a while, then having to move on. I'd be killing people. I'd be miserable. I'd feel like I had no soul, no future. But because of you…I'm here. I have a way to feed without having to kill people. Owen, when I told you earlier that you saved me, that's what I meant. I think you saved my soul.\" Owen pulled her into a close hug, as he was overwhelmed at the emotional revelation. \"I really did that?\" \"Of course.\", she said, her voice muffled as her face was pressed against him. \"I mean, you're my soulmate. How can I have a soulmate if I don't have a soul of my own.\" \"It was always there.\" \"But I didn't know it. It was in that part of me that I thought was dead, but you found. I saw you do that, and I realized that I still had it in me.\" Owen pulled back and looked into her wet eyes. He smiled, then leaned in a pulled her into a long, passionate kiss. Abby responded and reached her hand up behind his head and pulled her into him. For several long and tender moments, the only sound to be heard was the gurgling stream.[Chapter 3] Here's Chapter 3. It's really more of an exposition on the state of their relationship at this point. The backstory Abby gives Owen is part of what Matthew Reeves and Chloe Grace Moretz said they came up with for her when they shot the film. The vampiric lore I have her describe is mostly my own theories combined with traditional film mythos. Abby's description of Norman Maclean's work is accurate. Owen and Abby's wager at the end is the set-up for the pay-off that will come in the Epilogue. Reviews are a wonderful thing, btw. :-D Why Do You Like Me? Part 3 Finally they broke apart after their kiss. Abby sighed contentedly. This was truly a wonderful place. She often felt like the traveler upon an endless road who had reached a destination. It taken her over two hundred years, but the wait was well worth it. \"The Rocky Mountains\", she mused. \"They're about the only place I never visited much over the years.\" \"No?\" \"Nope. When I was born, people didn't even know about them. At least nobody inVirginia did. For us, the Appalachians and the Blue Ridge Mountains were about as big a mountain range as anyone could imagine.\" \"That's where you're from? Virginia?\" \"Yes.\", she said. It was funny that they'd never talked about something so simple before. Owen had asked her about some of her past travels, but the two big questions that he had never asked –and she suspected it was because he didn't want to cause her pain by bringing up bad memories- was about her human life and, above all, how she was made into a vampire. Of course, she'd shown him the vision of the attack by Jebediah all those years ago. But, he had no knowledge of the circumstances surrounding it. To be truthful, she wasn't quite ready to face that most horrid of memories just yet. However, she did feel ready to answer some of the questions he now posed. \"I was born not too far from what's now Williamsburg, Virginia. I was the youngest of five children.\" \"Wow. I always wondered what it would be like to have brothers and sisters.\" \"Well, I can tell you, at the time I rather wished I was an only child. I was what you might call, a disappointment, to my family.\" \"What? How could you possibly have been a disappointment? Abby, you're the most amazing person..\" \"Aw. Thank you.\", she said as she gave him a quick kiss. \"But you can't forget that people saw things differently back then. People acted differently, and girls were expected to act *far* differently than today.\" \"I know things have changed a lot.\" \"You can't imagine how much. You see, Owen, my mother was the one who took charge of seeing that my sisters –I had two sisters- were raised to be proper ladies befitting Virginia society. We were supposed to know proper etiquette, to make walk properly, to dance, all the sorts of things you see in movies like Gone With the Wind , only more so. My sisters took to that like fish to water. As for me…\" \"It didn't?\" \"Nope.\", Abby laughed. \"I was, as the saying goes, a rebellious student.\" \"You?\", Owen chuckled. \"The rebel. That was what I was like. I didn't want to learn to walk properly in fancy dresses across the parlour. Every chance I got, I'd be out the door, my shoes and stockings would be abandoned on the lawn somewhere and I'd be tramping all over the place exploring.\" \"Is that why you're always in your bare feet?\", asked Owen with a smile. \"Maybe, that was the root of it.\", Abby smiled back. I got in the habit then, and it just carried over. It helps, of course that when I'm barefoot it's easier for me to climb up places like trees or walls. And, the cold doesn't bother me at all, so …Um, does it bother you?\" \"No. Not at all. Nothing you could do really upsets me. I always just wondered if it was something you did before…Or if it was something that came after.\" \"With me, it came before. I don't know about any others. For all I know, they might be barefoot in the snow as well. Or, they might never be without the heaviest boots available. I've met so few others of my kind that I can't tell for certain.\" \"You've met other vampires?\" \"Rarely, but it happens. Vampires tend be more solitary. I've encountered a male and a female vampire who were mates; this was around 1910. Mates like that seem to be, so far as I know, the exception to the solitary rule. We sort of tend to instinctively avoid one another. We can be territorial. Many vampires dislike others coming into their hunting grounds.\" \"Really?\" \"Yes. So far as I know. I honestly haven't met too many others. And when you do, we don't stop to talk and exchange information. There's a wariness and a desire to move on and away as soon as possible before things get out of hand –which they easily can.\" \"How did you learn what you *do* know?\" \"Some I've picked up from my brief encounters with others. Some came from experience. Some came to me through instinct –like knowing the sun would hurt me.\" \"I wish I'd known about why you need an invitation to enter a home. I never would have taunted you like I did.\" \"I know that, Owen. It's alright.\" \"It's not. I might have killed you. I still have nightmares about that; about what would have happened if I hadn't called out an invitation. God, I could have *lost* you forever and it would have been my own stupid fault.\", Owen clenched his fists in self-recrimination over his actions from four months ago. \"Owen, please don't blame yourself. I know you didn't know what would happen. I trusted you though. It was scary for me too. But, when you invited me…My heart just soared. That was when I realized you accepted me for what I am. It was the scariest and best moment I could remember in a long time.\" \"It was just scary for me. I saw you hurting. I saw you *dying* in front of me. I guess that was the instant it dawned on me that what you were didn't matter to me. It was *who* you are. You're the person I love. And I couldn't let anything happen to you.\" \"Aw, Owen.\", Abby giggled. \"I have a question for you though.\" \"Go ahead.\" \"Now, I realize you didn't know I would start bleeding like that. But, just out of sheer curiosity, what did you *think* was going to happen if I came in without an invitation.?\" \"I don't know; maybe something less harmful, and more dramatic.\" \"Like what?\" \"Like an invisible barrier popping up. Or, maybe there would have been a flash of blue lightning, or something.\" \"Blue lightning?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Blue lightning? You didn't think blue lightning would hurt?\" \"Um, I thought it might strike close by, as a warning shot, or something. I would never do anything that would have *hurt* you.\" \"I know Owen. I'm just laughing to myself at the idea of you expecting a big flash of blue lighting inside of your apartment. I'm afraid a lot of stuff with vampires is more grisly and less dramatic than what's shown in the movies.\" \"All this is really fascinating, you know.\" \"You're actually finding this interesting?\" \"Of course.\" \"Well, getting back to what I was telling you about my past. I also didn't want to learn too much about etiquette or manners. I always wanted to be tutored along with my brothers. They were learning mathematics, history, etc. They were being groomed to run the plantation one day, or to go into politics or something.\" \"And they didn't let you.\" \"That's an understatement. When I told my mother that's what I wanted, she just scowled at me and said I wasn't being ladylike. My father just laughed and patted my head. He said that girls need not concern themselves with such rough matters. It would cause me to have nervous tension and become ill if I tried to study something so strenuous as math or business.\" \"He said *that*?\", Owen asked. He was clearly amazed at the attitudes so prevalent in Colonial Virginia. \"He did. I don't really hold it against him now. I can tell that he was just a product of his times; my mother as well. But, it still disappointed me so much. I really wanted to study math and show I could be as good as my brothers.\" Abby dropped her voice into a conspiratorial whisper. \"I actually went so far as to sneak into my oldest brother's room and snatch the old math textbook he was long done with.\" \"Did they catch you?\" \"He did. My parents never found out, thankfully. My brother –George, his name was- was probably my closest sibling. I was his baby sister, but he never talked down to me. He let me have his old math books and helped me with them when he could. I found out that I was really, really good at math.\" \"I can tell.\" \"You can?\" \"Sure. I mean, look at all of your puzzles. So many of them, you have to be good at math to do. I always thought you were a genius at it.\" \"I'm not a genius. I mean…Do you think I am?\" \"I don't know, but I'm sure you're far better at it than most people.\" \"Too bad I can't go to school to find out.\" \"Do what I've been doing. You can do correspondence courses. The catalogues I have are full of all types of math stuff. I'll bet you could ace them. Once fall comes, the nights get a lot longer and we'll have less to do around the place. You'd have a lot more time then.\" \"I would. I think I'll try it. I always wanted to be able to make up for some of the chances I missed. I have tried to read a lot over the years.\" \"I've seen some of your books\" \"They're quite a collection. I have everything from Shakespeare to Norman Maclean.\" \"Who?\" \"Norman Maclean.\", Abby laughed. \"It's quite fitting considering where we are now. He's a writer who grew up in Missoula, Montana. His wife was from Wolf Creek.\" \"We're not too far from either of those places\" \"I know. When you told me about the ranch, I was really glad. I love his book A River Runs Through It . Whenever I read it, it always made me feel good. I felt then that there were peaceful places in the world, and it gave me hope that maybe I could find one myself one day.\" \"And here you are.\" \"Yes. And funnily enough, it's almost exactly like what the book describes.\", she raised one of her bare feet gently out of the water and the cool, clear water glistened off her skin and trickled back into the rippling water. \" Eventually, all things merge into one and river runs through it. The river was cut by the world's great flood and runs over rocks from the basement of time. On some of the rocks are timeless raindrops. Under the rocks are the words, and some of the words are theirs. \", Abby quoted. \"Is that from the book? It's so...\" \"Yeah. It's great. Do you want to read it?\" \"Yeah, I do.\" \"I'll give it to you when we get back to the house. Soooo, we still haven't decided what to do the rest of the night.\" \"Well, what do you want to do?\" \"We could go fishing.\" \"Nah. It just seems too…peaceful tonight to try and trick a trout into going for a fly.\", Owen smiled. He and Abby had been slowly learning the Montana art of fly fishing since the trout season had opened in the spring. \"We could go swimming\", Abby said with a definite glint in her eye. \"My bathing suit is back at the house.\", Owen smiled back. \"I don't even *have* a bathing suit. And, that hasn't stopped us before, now has it?\", Abby purred. Owen smiled at that. Over the time they'd been together, they'd been growing more and more comfortable with physical intimacy. Well, Abby had never been that inhibited around him. She trusted him and knew he respected her. She told him flat out that she would not parade nude as she did in front of any other human being (or vampire, for that matter) on the planet other than him. Owen, meanwhile, had been learning to lose his own inhibitions. For the first month that Abby climbed into his bed, leaving her clothes on the floor as she'd done that night in Los Alamos, Owen had been nervous and was anxious about how much he should look in her direction. Even though, they just lay in bed talking, Owen's heart was pounding. The second month, he'd gotten used to it enough that he realized if Abby had any problem with it, she wouldn't have removed her clothes in the first place. At that realization, Owen took Abby's regular nudity as a simple fact that he was mature about. The third month, a new breakthrough took place. On a hot night, Owen was clearly sweating and uncomfortable in his pajama pants. Abby simply suggested he remove them. He looked at her and saw that she was making a simple suggestion with no pressure behind it. Owen gulped once, then –with shaking hands- removed his pajama bottoms and left them on the floor with Abby's clothing. He was nervous initially, but soon realized Abby was fine with it and wouldn't have made her suggestion otherwise. They began to talk and laugh together normally again, as their nightly ritual that stretched from when Owen went to bed until Abby had to leave to go to her own bed in the root cellar, evolved. From that point on, Owen didn't even bother with his pajama pants anymore and he now didn't even take notice of the fact any longer that they were both in his bed nude. The next evolution came with what they did. While most nights in his room were spent quietly talking or reading, their physical contact was more or less innocent. They would kiss upon Abby leaving for the root cellar or one would tickle the other, or some other type of comparatively innocent activity. A week prior though, they'd been reading a comic together, with their heads close together. Owen had turned and found himself staring into Abby's face. Giving in to the intimacy of the moment he leaned in and kissed her, hard. Abby responded with a hard kiss of her own. The rest of the night, until Abby left for the root cellar had been an intense make-out session. Owen still didn't know how he'd been able to control himself then. He had though, but not without difficulty. It did bring home something that they both knew. They were getting closer and closer to a point where the next physical step in their relationship would occur. The thought made Owen both nervous and joyous. He knew that some students back at his old school in Los Alamos were having sex. He didn't pay much attention to the talk that went on. He was all alone then, and to hear others talk of it would just drive him his own state of loneliness, only it would then be combined with unrequited physical needs. But now, he was with someone he deeply loved. They were in a real relationship, and that point was growing closer. (Owen was definitely aware that they'd be nowhere near this if Abby wasn't a vampire. The fact that she was simply meant that many of the norms for dating and relationships at his age, went out the window). Abby realized the same thing. As she found herself in Owen's bed, nude, on a nightly basis she found it harder and harder not to give in to the desire she felt for him. She was glad he'd shed his inhibitions with her, as she loved the level of mutual comfort they had together. No doubt about it, a milestone moment was coming and Abby had an idea about it too. His thirteenth birthday was coming up soon. She was planning to herself that the night of his birthday would be a most memorable one for the both of them. That level of physical comfort had spread to their swimming as well. They'd been swimming in the river and the pond since the June heat wave. It was the first time the water had been warm enough for Owen. (Abby could have gone swimming without a problem when they arrived back in March, so it wasn't an issue for her). Like tonight, they'd been walking when the heat prompted them to see what the pond –which had for generations been 'the swimming hole'- was like. Instead of going back to the house for Owen to get his suit, they had simply left all their clothes by the water and swam nude. Abby was surprised that Owen's swimming skills were improved since the horrid Los Alamos incident (He told her that he'd been doing some practicing during the day, as it was warm enough then.) as well as the fact he was so willing to go skinny-dipping with her. Now, she wondered if a swim would be a good way to pass the night. \"Hmm. Maybe we could go swimming later.\" \"Ok. What about now?\" \"I have an idea.\" \"Oh?\" \" Return of the Jedi is still playing at the drive-in.\", Owen said with a glint in his eye as he knew he'd hit paydirt. \"Really?\" \"Yup.\", he looked at his watch. \"They're doing the add-on movie now. *You* can get us there in about five minutes. That's more than enough time.\" \"You know what I like, don't you?\", Abby said with a smile as they trotted back to the house. Owen grabbed his house key and an old but thick towel and locked the door. They stepped back outside again, Abby took a firm hold of him and launched them into the air. Minutes later, they were sitting on the towel atop the refreshments building. They faced towards the screen where the third film or George Lucas' saga would soon start. Owen turned the dial of his transistor radio to pick up the sounds from the screen. It was an easy habit as this was the fourth time they'd seen the movie here. Abby was still bouncing in anticipation though. \"You really love this movie, don't you? It's good, but I thought The Empire Strikes Back was better.\" \"That was good. But, this one has something special.\" \"What?\" \"Well, everyone sees Darth Vader as an evil monster. But Luke doesn't see that. He believes that there's still a good man inside of him, buried deep down. He doesn't give up and succeeds in bringing Anakin Skywalker out of Darth Vader. I like the idea of the hero finding the good person inside of what everyone else considers a monster.\", she said giving Owen a kiss on the cheek. \"Well, I admit I like it too for that reason. It's sure better than when we saw All the Right Moves with that Tom Cruise guy last week.\" \"Hey! He's awesome. He's going to be a major star for decades. I'll bet you five bucks that in twenty-five years he'll have more Oscars than any actor alive.\" \"Please! I'll take that bet, and double or nothing says that in twenty-five years or less, he'll be considered an insane nutjob that nobody will take seriously anymore.\" \"Done!\", Abby said with a smile as they shook hands on it as the screen flickered with coming attractions.[Chapter 4] Hey everyone. This is the Epilogue. I thought it would be a way to end the fic with a bit of humour. I hope everyone liked this fic. Reviews are much appreciated. Stay tuned for more romantic adventures of Owen and Abby. I'm already plotting the fic were they celebrate their first Christmas together...not to mention Owen's thirteenth birthday. :-D Why Do You Like Me? Epilogue May 23, 2005 Owen and Abby sat side by side on the couch. The closing theme of The Oprah Winfrey Show played. Owen aimed the remote control and switched to CNN. Larry King was discussing the couch jumping incident by Tom Cruise they had just witnessed. He switched to Entertainment Tonight , where it was *THE* main subject of discussion. Owen's stoic face then broke into a wide grin. His smile grew wider, exposing the vampire fangs he'd had since 1984. Without turning his head, he reached out his arm and extended his hand in front of his beloved companion of more than twenty-two years. His smile grew more confidant as she snapped his fingers and rubbed them together. Abby shot him a look that was so dirty he would have laughed at how extreme it was. The last time he'd seen her give him that look was in 1999. He'd been sent to the local videostore to rent Hope Floats and Forces of Nature . They were both out. So, he'd returned with Happy Gilmore and The Waterboy . He'd pleaded quite logically that both of the films she'd wanted to see were out, so he didn't want to return empty handed. (He conveniently forgot to mention that he'd waited around for more than an hour, after reserving the two Adam Sandler films, for the films Abby wanted to see to get rented by someone else). (It was an old argument. They'd had twenty-two years, and counting, of happiness. About the only thing they never agreed on was Adam Sandler. Owen thought he was a comedic genius. Abby regarded him as an insane moron who was missing a chromosome. ) But now, a bet made in the summer of 1983 was about to be paid. Abby reached into her pocket, pulled out a ten dollar bill and handed it to her vampiric mate. \"There! I don't know *how* you knew about this, but I've got to hand it to you, you won fair and square!\", she sighed in disgust. \"Thank you! Thank you very much!\", Owen chuckled as he pocketed the bill. He reached over and pulled Abby –who was trying very hard to maintain the dirty look and keep it from melting into a giggle- into an embrace. \"I still can't believe it. He went insane over…Katie Holmes, of all people. He flipped out over Joey Potter!\" \"He was a ticking bomb of nuttiness. I mean, he dumped Nicole Kidman for crying out loud\" \"True that. So, what are you going to do with that ten dollars you've won?\", she sneered with humorous sarcasm. \"I thought I'd keep it with my own ten dollars. And then, on midnight of June 17th, I'd take a certain vampire girl I know to the midnight screening of Batman Begins .\" \"Ok. I'll admit it. I like that plan.\", Abby giggled as she leaned over and kissed him. \"Besides, we owe it to Katie Holmes. I have a feeling her own career is not going to go skyrocket after this.\" \"You're sure about that?\" Owen grinned again. \"Want to bet?\" ","Summary":" Why Do You Like Me? July 1983 A/N Welcome to my second fanfic based on \"Let Me In\". This is a con"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"The Next Harvest","Author":"Erin Means Peace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12173343","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was night time. The campfire was dying out and Sam Chisolm was fixing up his sleeping mat to go to sleep. Vasquez had clocked out about half an hour ago, a bottle of liquor in his hand. Next to him, Red Harvest was sanding his bow. All three of them sat in uncomfortable silence amongst each other. It had been two days since the battle at Rose Creek. Two days since the Magnificent Seven became the Magnificent Three. Red Harvest was probably the most uncomfortable. He never talked much to begin with, much less connect with either him or Vasquez. \"How are you doing?\" Sam asks him in Comanche. The Indian shrugged. \"Okay I suppose.\" He answers in his native tongue. \"My grief for our friends still hangs heavy on my heart.\" \"Same here.\" Sam agrees in the same language and stares up at the heavens, imagining Josh, Billy, John and Goodnight watching over them from beyond. \"They were good men.\" Red Harvest says in English. \"Amen.\" Sam says and takes his head off. Suddenly they hear a shout off in the distance and gun shots. Sam and Red Harvest jumped up and Vasquez quickly woke up to the noise and scrambled to get out of his bed. The three of them looked around to find the direction of the noise. \"It came from the East.\" Red Harvest answers quickly and mounts his horse, the other two men following and they rode off in the direction of the noise. Soon they saw the glow of a fire and found a village with a few buildings on fire. The men's horses neighed and they saw weak, scraggly looking villagers being shot. The memories of the injustice that plagued Rose Creek came flooding back to their minds and they quickly rode off into the town, guns and bow and arrow ready to deliver more justice. Without a second thought Vasquez shot some of the shooters, Sam taking care of the rest, while Red Harvest jumped off of his horse onto the balcony of a building, shooting more of the attackers with his bow and arrow. Soon the men started being shot at themselves but after what they had to do in Rose Creek, this was child's play. All of a sudden the Indian heard something next to him. He saw a man being forced out of a door, and a woman in a pink plaid dress pushing him out. \"Just what do you think you're doing Daisy!\" The man grunts as the woman known as Daisy holds him in a choke hold and he grasps her arms to try to pry her off. \"I work for your father! You're on our side\" \"He may be my family but that doesn't mean I agree with what he's doing!\" She answers and the man rips her arms off of his neck and pins her up against the wall. \"You should know your place missy...\" He sneers and Daisy struggles in the man's grip. \"A beautiful girl like you's only got one thing to worry about...what good man are you going to marry and bear children for like the good Lord intended you to do? Hm?\" He starts to press his entire weight on her and she squirms more, her breasts heaving in her corset that was now being pressed tighter against her. \"The Lord never asked for the woman's opinion on it and therefore your opinions clearly don't matter. Those who think otherwise need to be put in their place, or else they go to Hell.\" He starts to feel her up and her struggles get more frantic. \"And that is why I do not believe in your Lord.\" Red Harvest says and points an arrow at the man. He snickers and releases Daisy from his grip. \"And who are you? Some feral injun with your little feathery arrows?\" He mocks and laughs. \"I don't fear you savages.\" And those were his last words. Red Harvest released his arrow and it went straight through the man's head. Daisy paled and shuffled away from the body on the balcony and closer to the Indian. \"Thank you.\" She tells him. \"For saving my life.\" He shrugs. \"Do not thank me. I would have killed him anyway.\" Red Harvest says. \"He was an evil man.\" \"Yes he was.\" Daisy agrees and looks at his body. \"He tried to hurt some children in there.\" Daisy says and smiles as two small children, a brother and a sister come running out onto the balcony and she kneels down and embraces them both. \"He threatened to kill them if they didn't tell him where their parents were.\" Red Harvest was about to ask another question when he heard Sam calling down to him. \"Hey Red!\" Sam yells. \"We could use some backup down here!\" The Indian nods and jumps off of the balcony before Daisy can ask him another question. He takes out his pistol and shoots some of the other men that are shooting at his friends and other villagers. Soon they kill off the last of them and all of the villagers come out of hiding. The men receive words of praise for their help but it is short lived as soon as more light is brought over by the lanterns of the people and they get a better look at their saviors they gasp and cower in fear when they see the red face paint on Red Harvest. \"Injun!\" The men shout and raise their guns at him. \"That savage will kill us all!\" Another says and soon the Comanche Indian finds himself in the center of a circle of hostile white people, who think of him as a savage monster who wants to kill them. \"Hey hey.\" Sam says and holds up his hands and stands by Red Harvest to get the men to lower their guns. \"Now we're not looking for no trouble here and this man is no feral beast. He just saved half of your asses from those goons who were trying to burn your town down.\" \"It wasn't just those goons!\" A villager says. \"It was injuns! Injuns with red face paint like him! They've been trying to kill us all ever since we settled this town! They set our stores and homes on fire! We just can't help but be scared...\" \"Well you don't need to fear him I promise.\" Sam says and looks around at the villagers. \"Now who's in charge of this here town. My friend here needs medical attention from a wound he got two days ago.\" He gestures to Vasquez who was holding his arm, the upper arm wrapped in some bandages that had started bleeding through again from having to fight. \"Joseph Darling.\" One woman answers. \"He lives in that house up yonder.\" She says and points towards a hill with a large white house sitting on top of it. A large corn field in front of it. \"I'll take you up there.\" A voice says from behind the three men. Red Harvest recognizes the woman he saved. \"Much obliged ma'am.\" Sam says and tips his hat at her. \"What's your name?\" Vasquez asks and eyes her. \"Surely a flawless woman such as yourself has a perfect name.\" The girl rolled her eyes. \"Daisy.\" She answers. \"And what are yours?\" \"Sam Chisolm.\" Sam says. \"Vasquez.\" Vasquez says and kisses her hand. \"At your service.\" And winks at her. \"Red Harvest.\" Red Harvest says and smiles at Daisy. She smiled at the man that had saved her earlier. The two children that she had saved stood at her sides, holding her hands and looking scared at the men in front of them. \"It's nice to meet you all.\" Daisy says and starts to walk ahead of the three men. \"I'll take you to my house.\" \"You live up there?\" Sam asks as he and the others follow Daisy up towards the corn field. \"Yes. It's my father's house.\" Daisy explains although she doesn't seem too happy about it. Red Harvest can't help but notice the corn looks strange. He touches a leaf and rubs it in-between his fingers. \"Why does your corn die before harvest?\" He asks and Daisy stops and looks back at him. \"We don't know.\" She answers and turns and continues to walk the men up towards her house. \"That seems to be one of many problems with this town.\" She reaches the door and knocks on it. \"Father are you in there?\" Daisy asks. \"We have some men here who need your help.\" She stands back as her father opens the door. A man dressed in fine clothes and smoking a cigar appeared in the doorway. \"My darling Daisy.\" He says and opens his arms for the girl. She hugs him and he chuckles, then frowns at the two dirty children behind her. \"Who are these heathens?\" He asks and Daisy's jaw sets. \"They're children who's parents have gone missing.\" Daisy explains. \"I wish to keep them in my care until they turn up.\" \"Very well.\" Her father says and steps aside. \"At the very least it will be good practice for when you get a husband at have children of your own.\" He jokes and laughs as she walks inside with the kids. Red Harvest gripped his bow. He did not like how this man was treating his daughter. \"My name is Joseph Darling, I have a doctor that can take care of that arm for you.\" The man says and lets in Vasquez and Sam. Then he steps in front of Red Harvest. \"And just what do you think you're doing?\" \"Seeking shelter with my friends.\" He answers. \"He's with us.\" Sam informs Joseph. \"He's not one of the Comanche that have been terrorizing your town.\" Joseph frowns at Red Harvest. \"I still don't like savage animals in my house.\" He says and slams the door in the Indian's face. Red Harvest would not have even needed face paint now, because his anger was making his face as red as the paint. He took out one of his arrows and scratched it across the door in a large \"X\" in his anger. Suddenly he heard his name being called from an open window. He turned and saw Daisy's kind face. \"I apologize for my father's language.\" She says. \"Not everyone in this household agrees with him though.\" She says and the two children's smiling faces appear beside her. \"Sneak in through the window.\" She suggests and the Comanche makes his way over to the window that Daisy opened and climbed in. The kids look slightly fearful of him, but Daisy remains calm, so the children warm up a bit. Sam and Vasquez are in the room as well. \"Damn your father is cruel.\" Vasquez notes. \"He's not cruel. He's just very closed minded.\" Daisy explains. \"He's still an asshole.\" Sam says and Daisy smiles and laughs. \"Yes he is.\" She says. \"You can hide in one of the guest rooms upstairs.\" She tells Red Harvest. \"I'll make sure none of my father's servants go in there so you're not disturbed or thrown out.\" \"Thank you ma'am.\" Red Harvest says. \"Please don't call me ma'am.\" Daisy requests politely. \"Just Daisy is fine.\" \"Thank you Daisy.\" Red Harvest says, with some difficulty. He had never said the word \"Daisy\" before. She smiles at his struggle. \"You're welcome.\" She says before taking the children up to a room and everyone else retired as well.[Chapter 2] The next morning Daisy woke up to the sound of the rooster crowing. She made her way downstairs, with a shawl wrapped around her in her white night gown. She snuck over to the room that Red Harvest was staying in and knocked in the door. She knew that some very bad things would happen if he was discovered in the house so she purposely gave him a room that she knew the servants wouldn't enter. As she knocked she was surprised to find that the door wasn't locked like she had instructed him to do. The door slowly creaked open and she gasped when she looked in and saw he was missing. Her heart started to race. Had he been discovered and punished? Killed? Worse? She frantically ran down the stairs and then noticed something outside. She came outside and saw him there, skinning what appeared to be a deer. \"Why were you up so early?\" Daisy asks Red Harvest. \"Hunting good early in morning.\" He says in his broken English. He carved something out of the deer and studied it, then he took a bite out of it. Daisy's eyes widened. I suppose there is some truth to the stereotypes about Indians... She thought. Then her eyes got even wider when he held out the meat to her. Did he really expect her to eat that? \"Eat.\" He instructs. Truth be told Red Harvest didn't expect this white woman to eat the meat but surprisingly enough she came closer to him and held out her hand to him. He gently slid the meat into her hand. Their hands brushed against each other, the blood and juices mixing together in their hands. She brought it up to her mouth and took a bite. Now the Indian's eyes went wide. This rich white woman actually partook in a custom of his people! He watched in amazement as she chewed and swallowed the food. \"Not bad.\" She says and he takes it back from her. Daisy couldn't believe that she had just done that. What spirit possessed her to do that? It certainly couldn't have been the holy one. Could it? Red Harvest takes another bite of the meat and sits down. Daisy, not knowing what to do decided to sit down next to him. She wrapped her shawl a little tighter around her, the early morning breeze making her cold. Red Harvest offered her the meat again and this time Daisy ate it out of his hand. The Indian smiled a bit, happy that she was accepting his gestures. He looked over at the rest of the deer. \"Do you know how to prepare deer?\" He asks and she shrugs. \"A bit I suppose.\" She answers. He goes over to the carcass and gestures for her to follow him. She does and kneels down beside the Indian as he shows her how to prepare the deer like how his people taught him. Daisy helped him skin the deer and he took out the meet to save for dinner later. \"I can save that meat in the ice box if you'd like.\" She says and he smiles. \"Thank you.\" He said simply and handed her the meat. She was helping him hang up the skin of the deer when she saw the two children rush outside and Sam and Vasquez come out after them. \"What the hell are you two doing out here?\" Sam asks and the kids look in awe when they see you and Red Harvest hanging up some deer skin to dry. \"Daisy came out and helped me prepare this deer.\" Red Harvest explains in Comanche to Sam. \"I appreciate her help. Although I must admit I was not expecting to get it from a rich white woman.\" \"What did he say?\" You ask Sam, who seemed to understand the Indian's native tongue. \"Oh he just said he was happy that you helped him.\" Sam says simply. \"Well I'm very happy to help.\" Daisy says to the Indian and he smiles. Daisy noticed the little boy staring at some of the meat on the table and his sister stood behind him, disgust on her face. \"Joshua, Annie don't look at that. That's not for children's eyes to see.\" Daisy says and come over to Annie and cover her eyes. The three men looked somber for a moment when they heard that the little boy's name was Joshua. The same name as one of their fallen friends. But neither Daisy or the children noticed. \"It looks cool!\" Joshua exclaims and smiles, meanwhile Annie was cowering in Daisy's night gown. \"Did you kill it?\" He asks Red Harvest who had currently busied himself with fixing up his face paint. The Comanche nodded and Joshua's eyes lit up with excitement. \"I've never killed anything before. Could I come kill something with you sometime?\" He asks and Red Harvest smiles at the little boy's enthusiasm. \"I hunt later today. You can come if you wish.\" Red Harvest says and Joshua looks very happy and cheers. Causing all the men to look upon the boy fondly. He reminded them of Josh Faraday. \"Can I come too?\" Daisy asks. \"I want to see how people hunt.\" She explains and Red Harvest nods, agreeing as well, although he again was a bit surprised by the woman's request. \"You and the younger girl can pick berries if you wish.\" He suggests. \"Now that sounds like fun doesn't it?\" Daisy asks Annie and the young girl smiles and nods. \"We'll do some scouting around town, try to figure up what's up around these parts and how we can help.\" Sam says and Vasquez nods. \"Thank you. I know the people in this town would be so grateful if you did that.\" Daisy says and Vasquez tips his hat to her. \"No problem ma'am.\" He says and winks at her. Daisy rolls her eyes and goes over to Red Harvest and Joshua while Vasquez and Sam leave to explore the town. \"It seems many men make advances on you.\" The Comanche notices. \"Does this happen often?\" Daisy sighs and brings Annie up on her lap to braid her hair. \"Too often it would seem. It seems ever since I've come of age men can't seem to keep their eyes or hands off of me.\" Daisy explains. \"You are an attractive woman to white men?\" He asks. Daisy nods. \"I suppose so. Others of color must be too afraid to even get near me.\" Daisy says and finishes braiding Annie's hair. \"I haven't known too many men of color. My daddy and his goons probably steer them all away from me.\" \"I am a man of color, and yet I am still here.\" Red Harvest says and smiles at Daisy. She smiles back. \"I am a warrior. Your father and his men do not frighten me.\" \"That's good to know.\" Daisy says and takes Joshua and Annie's hands and lead them back inside. \"Let me know if you need anything!\" She calls to the Indian after heading inside with the kids. His horse nudges his shoulder. \"I know.\" He says to the horse in his native tongue. \"She is very different from most women I've met.\" Sam and Vasquez found themselves in the most popular saloon in town. Sam surveyed the atmosphere and noticed something strange. All the men at the bar had hats on and pistols at their sides, while the men at the tables were all very shy and timid, keeping to themselves and their drinks, wary of the men walking by them with pistols. \"There seems to be a hierarchy in these parts.\" Sam says and looks over at the bar. \"Let's see if we can stir up some trouble.\" He says to Vasquez and a knowing look passes between the two men and they go and sit down at different places where these goons seem to be. As soon as Sam sits down at the bar, the men around him all look at him with disgust on their faces. \"May I have a drink?\" Sam asks and the bar tender spits in his direction. \"We don't serve your kind here.\" He says and Sam rolls his eyes. \"Here we go again.\" He says. \"Look I've been out in the wilderness for days trying to catch a criminal whom I've heard escaped to these parts for a few days now but I can't seem to get anywhere with. I need something to get me through this.\" He skillfully lies. The bartender puts down the glass he was cleaning. \"You some sort of Sheriff?\" He asks. Sam nods. \"I sure am. And a very highly decorated one at that.\" Sam adds and all of a sudden all the men around him look scared. \"What are all of y'all getting worried for? Unless you're some sort of outlaw you've got nothing to hide from me.\" He says and all the men draw their guns on him. \"Git outta here.\" One of them says and Sam holds up his hands and stands up. \"Now I wouldn't go getting any ideas of killing me.\" Sam insists and the villagers at tables get up and run out of the saloon. All of a sudden from the other side of the room gunshots go off and a few goons fall dead and Vasquez is smirking and has his gun trained on the goons at the bar. \"Because I've got a partner. And he's loco.\" Sam says in reference to Vasquez being Latino. Vasquez gives them all a big grin and one brave goon is about to shoot him but ends up with an arrow through the chest. Red Harvest appeared behind him and had another arrow trained on some goons as well. There were only three left. One for each of the men. \"Now are we going to have to shoot you too or can we handle this like civilized people?\" Suddenly one of the goons recognizes Red Harvest. \"You filthy Injun...\" He sneers and Red Harvest prepares to loosen his bow on him. \"Don't shoot me I have a message for you.\" \"Then spit it out before I kill you.\" He answers, not loosening his grip on the arrow. \"Joseph Darling saw you hanging around his Daisy this morning.\" He says. \"Now he's going to give you the benefit of the doubt because he knows how curious his daughter is that you didn't try to engage in conversation with her, and start to develop what seemed like a sort of companionship with her. He knows that she probably came out and bothered you of her own accord.\" \"Daisy did not bother me. It is true she came and talked to me, but I see no issue with answering the questions she asked me.\" The Comanche explains. \"Well it'd better not continue.\" The goon warns. \"Daisy's one of us. She's the Aphrodite of the West and she will marry a rich family to help this town, and bear strong children to inherit it like the good Lord intended. So you'd better not do anything to disrupt that Injun, or else Joseph and his men, men like me, will kill you.\" \"Daisy has the right to choose her path. Like I have chosen mine.\" Red Harvest answers. \"I am a warrior. I do not fear Joseph or his men.\" He says and then releases his arrow and it goes straight through the man's chest. Vasquez and Sam quickly kill the other two. \"How come we always seem to end up in a room alone full of dead people.\" Vasquez notices and Sam goes behind the counter and takes out some glasses for his two colleagues. \"I guess because we're just that good.\" Sam says and pours some liquor into two shot glasses and passes each one to Vasquez and Red Harvest. After they had all drank some Vasquez looks out the window. \"It's getting late.\" He notices and turns to Red Harvest. \"Don't you have a date with Daisy now?\" The Comanche downs his shot and places the glass on the table, a small smile on the corners of his lips. He had not had as much to drink as the other two. Sam whistles at him, after drinking some more of the bottle. \"Well look at you you sly dog.\" He comments. \"An Indian courting a white debutante.\" He laughs and has another swig while giving Vasquez another shot. \"A red skin and the Aphrodite of the West!\" Sam declares and laughs with Vasquez. \"What are the odds!\" \"What does that mean? Aphrodite of the West?\" Red Harvest asks. \"Aphrodite is an Ancient Greek Goddess of love and beauty.\" Vasquez slurs. \"She's the most beautiful thing in the world! And apparently the people here think Daisy is Aphrodite!\" He laughs with Sam. \"And you've got the hots for her too!\" \"I do not think of her in that way.\" Red Harvest says and then slips into his native language. \"But she is unlike any woman I have ever met before. Both of color and white. I wish to know more about her and her curious ways. And she seems to have the same feelings towards me. It is as if the Universe has gifted us both with these curiosities to find out more about each other.\" \"Or find out what each other looks like naked!\" Sam shouts and he and Sam erupt in another fit of laughter and the Indian sighs and shakes his head. \"I take my leave of you two.\" He says and leaves through the window he came in on, landing on his horse's back who was waiting there loyally for him. Later that day Daisy and the two kids came out of the house, dressed in plain dresses and some old clothes to spend some time out in the wilderness, Red Harvest there in the field with his horse, ready to hunt as promised. Daisy sat behind Red Harvest, arms wrapped around his waist as he rode out over the plains, at a slow pace so the children could keep up. Occasionally they would switch places so that the children could rest but they soon reached the river bed that Red Harvest had hunted at this morning. Red Harvest stood in the stream, behind Josh helping him learn how to shoot, straightening his posture and teaching him to pull his arm back farther. He was starting him off with learning how to shoot small things like fish. Occasionally he would hear laughter and look behind him and see Daisy climbing the tree to grab some fruit and tossing some down to Annie or eating it herself. He smiled at her. She was the most cheerful and playful white woman he'd ever met. And the most open minded, especially in regards to the children. Granted they were not her own, but she still treated them as if they were, and she let them experience different cultures, not fear them like he knew most white women taught their kids. \"I caught one!\" Josh shouts excitedly, holding up an arrow to Red Harvest, showing him his proud catch. \"I shot one Mr. Harvest!\" The Indian chuckles a bit. \"Mr. Harvest?\" Red Harvest asks the boy. \"No one has ever called me by that name.\" \"Well I've been taught to call all men Mr. and their last name.\" Josh explains innocently. \"Just showing respect from one man to another's what it is.\" \"You think of me as a man?\" Red Harvest asks the boy. \"Well you walk on two legs and talk.\" Josh answers. \"That makes you just as much of a man as anyone else I've met. Why is that a surprise?\" The Indian smiles at the boy's innocent thinking. \"Not all men think that is the only thing that makes one a man.\" Red Harvest explains. \"Some judge by the color of one's skin. And the culture they are from.\" \"Well that's just stupid.\" Josh says. \"We're all people. We don't need to judge by culture and skin.\" \"I've never heard a white man say that.\" Red Harvest says. \"Then again you are more of a white boy...\" \"Hey! I may be nine but until my father gets back I am the man of my family.\" Josh says and crosses his arms. \"So technically I am a man.\" \"Very well. I must offer you this then.\" Red Harvest says and takes some raw meat out of a small bag he carried with him. \"Eat.\" He says and the boy's eyes widened. Red Harvest took a bite of it and Josh covered his mouth, looking like he was about to vomit. He ran over to Daisy and Annie who were currently climbing out of a tree. He buried himself in Daisy's skirt, making the Indian smile and chuckle a bit. He took another bite of the meat and then made his way over to the trio. \"Don't you worry now Joshua.\" Daisy reassures the boy. \"There are plenty of ways of declaring your manhood without eating raw meat.\" She reassures the boy as Red Harvest comes over. \"Like what?\" The little boy asks. \"Well learning how to hunt is a good start.\" Daisy tells him. \"Really?\" He asks and she nods. \"Red Harvest was doing a good job teaching that now wasn't he?\" She asks and smiles at the Indian. \"Yeah!\" Joshua exclaims and then runs to the riverbank and comes back with an arrow. \"I caught a fish Miss Darling!\" Josh says and Daisy gasps and smiles at the boy's achievement. \"Wow Joshua that's amazing!\" She says and hugs the boy. \"We can cook that up tonight for dinner!\" \"And have our berries for desert!\" Annie adds and she shows Red Harvest all the berries she picked. Daisy showed her basket too, although it was a bit more off to the side, so she didn't upstage Annie's basket. \"That's amazing. You picked so much in such a small time.\" Red Harvest says and Daisy and Annie smile. \"Well it helps that I knew where to look.\" Daisy mentions and Red Harvest tilted his head at her. \"What do you mean?\" He asks. \"I ran away from home a lot as a child.\" Daisy admits, looking over the hills. \"My parents were always putting me in big puffy dresses, and stuffing lessons and household chores down my throat. I just wanted to get away from it all sometimes. I still do...\" \"You do not like your rich life?\" Red Harvest asks. \"It seems to be every white man's dream. And every woman's to marry a rich white man.\" \"Well I have different values and dreams about my life.\" Daisy declares. \"I don't want to be some rich man's baby factory. I want to be my own woman. Have children on my terms. And be free to live my own life.\" Daisy says and she and Red Harvest both say at the same time \"Walk a different path than the one laid out for me-\" They both stop themselves and look at each other. \"Where's your tribe?\" Daisy asks. \"My tribe is everywhere.\" Red Harvest explains. \"The Comanche people live in different bands. My band is off somewhere, I do not know where. My Elder said that I must walk a different path. Like your heart tells you. Men call you the Aphrodite of the West. My friends told me that is the name of the most beautiful Goddess. Are you one?\" He asks and Daisy laughs and shakes her head. \"Oh no, far from it. Aphrodite was the Greek Goddess of love and beauty. The Greeks are an ancient European people. Legend has it she was born out of the water and carried to shore on a bed of sea foam. No one really knows where she came from. But many of the other Gods fought over her, and so the King Zeus had to choose a husband for her, so the Gods would stop fighting over her hand.\" Daisy explains and fiddles with the basket in her hands. \"That's how I feel sometimes. It seems like every man I meet wants to marry me. And they don't even know anything about me.\" Daisy laughs. \"They just see some pretty girl and decide they want her. You're the first guy I've ever met that's let me go off and get dirty in the wilderness. Are you attracted to me like they are?\" The Comanche smiles. \"It's rare that I see a woman that looks like you. A woman with such pale skin, eyes the color of the sky, and hair as golden as the sun, does not exist amongst my people. Yet it would appear that you are the ideal amongst white people. To me, you are unique. A sort of Goddess I guess. So yes, I do think you're beautiful. But as being part of a race who has been prejudiced most of our lives, I am not one to judge simply by appearance.\" Red Harvest explains and Daisy's smile grew brighter. \"You know I think your English is a bit better than you're letting people think.\" Daisy notices and Red Harvest smiles. \"Maybe it is. Maybe it is not.\" He says. Before Daisy can reply she gets splashed with water by Joshua. He and Annie were playing in the river. \"Speaking of coming up out of the water! If you're really Aphrodite you must not mind getting wet Miss Darling!\" Josh says and Daisy smirks. \"Why you kids!\" Daisy shouts at them and playfully chases them through the shallow river, not caring how muddy she was getting. At one point Annie splashed Red Harvest and he joined into the water fight too. Everyone had to walk back barefoot because their shoes were soaked with water. Daisy's clothes were soaking and caked with mud. She even had some in her hair. It was getting late and the sun was setting. She walked beside Red Harvest, who was also very dirty, but none of the four seemed to care. They made it to the back of the Darling house and Joseph and another man opened the door. \"And here is my lovely daugh-\" Joseph starts then stops when he sees the state his daughter is in, and standing next to an Indian. \"So this is the daughter you were trying to set me up with?\" The man says and looks her over in disgust before turning back to Joseph. \"She may be beautiful but clearly she behaves like an animal. And associates herself with them.\" He sneers at Red Harvest and lights a cigar before turning to go back inside. Joseph looked angrily at his daughter. \"Daisy!\" He shouts through gritted teeth. \"You knew you had a suitor visiting today! What on Earth were you doing! And then showing up in this state!\" He stomps his foot. \"I'm sorry daddy. I wanted to pick some berries to make a pie for Mr. Norman, the nice man you're trying to get me to marry.\" She says in a flat voice. \"And I guess I must have just lost track of time. And fallen in the river.\" She laughs and the kids and Red Harvest share a laugh as well. \"Well then get in here and get to it!\" Joseph demands. \"Mr. Norman is very wealthy and the town could really use his money to get us some more land and build us some more buildings.\" \"You mean buy you some more land and build yourself some more buildings...\" Daisy says and her father grips his teeth. \"Get in this house right now before I slap you!\" He says and Red Harvest puts an arm in front of Daisy. \"If you harm her, I will fight you.\" He says and Joseph's face gets as red as Red Harvest's face paint. \"Oh you are in no position to talk right now Injun! You're lucky I don't kill you this instant for even being in my daughter's presence!\" He says and Daisy quickly steps between the two men, not wanting them to fight. \"Calm down daddy I'll go inside and get started on that pie. Just let me thank Red Harvest for taking me out to get the berries with these kids.\" Daisy insists and her father nods. \"Very well. But then I'd better not see you anywhere near this Injun again!\" Joseph says. \"He's Comanche, and I don't think I can promise that daddy.\" Daisy says and smiles at Red Harvest, who in turn smiles back at her. \"I don't care what he is! He's an Injun and I don't want you hanging around him!\" Joseph grumbles and stands in the doorway and heads back inside. \"Thank you for keeping me out this afternoon.\" Daisy tells Red Harvest. \"You saved me from an afternoon of some rich man gawking over me and me having to pretend I like it all afternoon.\" \"That sounds awful.\" Red Harvest says. \"I'm glad I could help you.\" \"I might need you to help me again some other time.\" Daisy says. \"I'd be happy to help you Miss Darling.\" He says and Daisy smiles and laughs. \"Again, just call me Daisy.\" She says and then gives his hand a gentle squeeze before leaving to go back inside. Annie and Josh gave him some goodbye hugs and then followed Daisy. After they left Joseph came back out. \"Now you listen here Injun.\" Joseph says. \"I've given you two warnings. Stay away from my family, and take your friends out of this here town or I'll tear that red skin right off of you!\" \"I'd like to see you try.\" Red Harvest challenges and Joseph chuckles. \"Oh I wouldn't test me Injun. You and your friends ain't seen nothin yet.\" Joseph says and backs up before going back inside the house and slamming the door.[Chapter 3] Daisy snuck out of her father's house, skillfully climbing down the tree outside her window, like she does every night. She managed to navigate her way through the cornfield and over the fence, careful not to get her skirts caught on the posts. She went over to the saloon and walked inside. Instantly all eyes turned to her. Many men whistled and cat called her. She rolled her eyes. She was very used to this kind of attention at this point. She went over to the bartender, trying to ignore the stares from the men beside her. \"Well what are you doing here little Darlin'?\" He asks, surprised to see a woman in here that wasn't a prostitute. \"I'm trying to find some men-\" She starts and the two men next to her spring into action. \"Well I can be of assistance.\" One says and offers his hand and smirks. Daisy rolls her eyes. \"I can provide you with anything you need ma'am.\" The other one says.\"All I ask for in return is a little lovin' if you know what I mean.\" He suggests and Daisy gives him a disgusted look. \"I'm looking for three men to help me-\" Every man in the vicinity immediately jumped up and started offering their assistance, some with other things in mind. \"I am not looking for a foursome!\" Daisy shouts and everyone seems shocked that a woman actually said the word foursome, or suggested it. Even though that's what all the men were suggesting. Ah double standards. \"I'm looking for three specific men, an Indian a Mexican and a black man.\" Daisy describes. \"Do you know if they've been here recently. Or where I might find them?\" \"Oh they were here alright.\" The bartender says with a grave voice and gestures to the floor. It was then that Daisy noticed the odd stains. \"They killed at least seven men today.\" Daisy's face paled. \"They're no good that's for sure.\" One man at the bar says. \"Don't you worry though ma'am. We took care of 'em later this afternoon. It all went down in front of your house. I've been meaning to ask your father what that Injun was doing hanging around your property. And his comrades weren't too far away.\" Daisy paled more. \"What do you mean by 'take care of 'em'? Did you kill them?\" Daisy asked, heart sinking at the thought of those three men who were supposed to help her town get killed before they could even get started. They were all so kind. And Red Harvest had been her only real friend...she was starting to grow so fond of him. The thought of him getting killed just minutes after they parted ways that afternoon...a lump formed in her throat. As the man started to explain what happened. *flashback* Red Harvest rode around the cornfield, back to the town after Daisy left. He thought about the warning that her father Joseph gave him. You haven't seen nothin' yet. Those words seemed stuck in his mind. He decided to ignore it. He had to stay strong, he shouldn't worry himself over uncertainties. He had to keep his mind clear to keep himself strong to face whatever threat might come him and his friends way from Joseph. Just as he left the property line a bottle of whiskey hit him in the arm, making cuts in the flesh and spooking his horse. He calmed it but soon the men that threw the bottle at him started firing shots and his horse reared and Red Harvest rolled off onto the street. His horse taking off towards town. He got out his pistol from his pocket and started to shoot at the men that were firing at him. He got a few good hits on them but unfortunately couldn't land a clear shot to take one of the men down. They stopped firing and started kicking him in the gut. Or at least they tried to. Red Harvest grabbed the man's leg and pulled him down, kicking another in the groin. He quickly got on top of them and started kicking them in the face, breaking one of their noses. But the other man grabbed his arm, keeping him from getting much leverage and soon he was overtaken. \"I think he's had enough boys.\" A man says and Red Harvest recognizes him as the man that he had met just a few minutes ago. One of Daisy's suitors. One of the men restraining him pulls out a knife. \"Should we scalp him boss?\" He asks and grins wickedly at Red Harvest. Red Harvest gives him an aggressive look and struggles more, trying to break free of his assailants, and manages to give the man a successful and painful kick to the groin. Daisy's suitor, Mr. Norman looks over Red Harvest, now covered in dirt, some of his face paint rubbed off. Bruises on his arms and chest, one on his face and his arm bleeding from the glass cuts of the bottle. \"As much as I would love to, I'm sure my Daisy would be very upset to find that her little red friend was killed. I just want to rough him up a bit as all.\" Mr. Norman says, fixing his coat, giving Red Harvest a judging look. \"She does not belong to you.\" Red Harvest says boldly. \"She is not even interested in you. I suggest you look elsewhere for a wife.\" Mr. Norman punches Red Harvest in the face, bruising his jaw. \"And I suggest you keep your mouth shut Injun!\" Mr. Norman says. Red Harvest tries to speak, but his jaw is in too much pain. \"That's better. Now you can't even speak. Just like a real savage.\" Red Harvest struggles again, trying to get to Norman but the men restrain him. \"Now I just have a simple request from you Injun. Stay away from Daisy, stay away from what will become my house once I marry her. And you might as well just get out of this town too while you're at it, and tell your Injun friends to leave us alone too. I'm no idiot.\" He says and kneels down to Red Harvest on the ground. \"I saw the way you were lookin' at her. And the way she was lookin' at you. And I didn't miss that brief holding of hands either. It disgusts me to think a filthy thing like you was touching my girl.\" Red Harvest gives him an angry look but stays silent. \"She's a woman of class, sophistication. The perfect model of a rich white woman. To her you should matter less than a dog...But apparently she actually values you as much more than that. It seems like you were even trying to charm her.\" He laughs. \"Imagine that fellas!\" He says to his comrades. \"A rich white woman marrying a savage Injun!\" They all laugh at the thought. \"Oh you're both so dumb. The Lord'll damn you both to Hell if you got intimate with her!\" Norman warns. \"It's a good thing Daisy's pretty I suppose. Lord knows her head's full of air if she thinks an Injun would be good husband material-\" Suddenly Red Harvest jumped on Norman, having broken away from the men. He pinned him down and punched him hard in the face, holding him down underneath him. Red Harvest was by far a lot stronger than Mr. Norman. \"Daisy is not some pretty object for you to claim!\" Red Harvest struggles to say with the pain in his jaw. \"She's smart and open minded! Not drunk on your dumb white prejudice! Maybe you should actually listen to her sometime instead of staring at her breasts! She deserves so much better than scum like you.\" One of the goons behind Red Harvest raises his pistol and aims at the Comanche's head. As his finger tightens around the trigger he's shot dead by someone else, the shot that the now dead man fired hit Norman in the leg, instead of Red Harvest's head. The men turn and see Sam and Vasquez, Red Harvest's horse in-between them. The Indian smiled at his horse's loyalty. \"Need some help Red?\" Sam asks and Red Harvest smiles at the loyalty of his friends as well. The other goon tries to shoot Vasquez but he gets him first. Red Harvest got off of Norman and turned to find the final goon charge at him with his knife. He shot him in the head with his pistol and then picked up his arrows and reached for his bow, only to find it broken. It must have hit the fence and split in half when he fell off of his horse. He would have to stick with the pistol. Some of Joseph's goons must have heard the shots because soon they all started joining the fight. They started shooting at them and the three easily picked them off. But they knew it would be too much to handle soon. \"We've got to get out of here!\" Vasquez shouts and Red Harvest mounts his horse, and rides in front of his friends to help cover them as they shot at them. Sam and Vasquez quickly made it to their horses and the three rode out of town, while the goons cheered in victory. *flasback ended* Daisy stared at the nice villager who had told her what he saw. She felt relieved that the three men were okay. But she was appalled by what Mr. Norman had done to Red Harvest, and worried about Red Harvest being hurt, and out in the wild. \"Thank you so much for your help.\" Daisy manages to say to the man and she quickly leaves the saloon, tears rolling down her face. \"It's all my fault!\" She yells at herself as she runs towards her house. She jumps over the fence into the corn field and sinks down to the ground and starts to cry. \"If only I hadn't gone out with him and kids. Maybe this wouldn't have happened.\" She says and cries for a few more minutes. She wiped her eyes and ran back up to her house. When she went inside she found a nurse wrapping up Mr. Norman's leg in the living room, and him holding an ice pack on his cheek. \"Daisy where have you been!\" Joseph says and strides over to her. \"I've been looking everywhere for you! Mr. Norman just came back from the doctor. That Injun you were hanging around attacked the poor man this afternoon while you were watching those kids!\" \"That 'Injun' is my friend daddy. And he did not attack Mr. Norman. I was just at the saloon, I heard the truth from one of the villagers who saw the whole thing.\" Daisy says sternly to her father then makes her way over to Mr. Norman. \"There's my pretty Daisy...\" He says and holds out his arms for her. \"Come make me feel better with a kiss now would you?\" He asks and closes his eyes and puckers his lips. Daisy gives him an innocent smile then smacks him as hard as she can across the face. \"I'm not your pretty little anything! And you deserved everything you got today you disgusting pig!\" Daisy shouts at him while her father comes over and grabs her arm, yanking her back, hurting her arm in the process. \"Daisy Rose Darling you apologize right now!\" Joseph yells sternly at his daughter. \"For what?\" She asks. \"Giving that filthy dog what he deserves for hurting my friend?\" \"That Injun is the filthy dog!\" Joseph yells. \"All Mr. Norman was doing was trying to protect you!\" Daisy scoffs. \"Am I the only one who isn't backwards around here?\" Daisy asks. \"At least I'm not in love with an Injun.\" Norman says and Joseph's eyes go wide and his grip on his daughter's arm tightens. \"Daisy...\" He says gravely. \"What did he mean by that?\" He asks in a low whisper. \"His name is Red Harvest, and I never said I was in love with him. But one thing is for sure. I'd much sooner marry him than you!\" Daisy says to Norman before her cheek starts to sting from being hit with the back of her father's hand. He throws her on the ground. \"Upstairs now!\" He commands and Daisy weakly stands up and runs upstairs, fresh tears sliding down her cheeks. \"I'll deal with you later!\" No he won't. Daisy thinks to herself. She smiles as she looks down and sees the gauze, a bottle of medicine and other bandages she stuffed down her corset, when her father pushed her on the ground near the doctors supplies for fixing up Mr. Norman. As soon as she got to her room she climbed back down the tree and made her way over to the stable. She tacked up her horse quickly. Many years of riding off from her father when she was cross with him had sped up the process for her. She rode out of the stable and off of the property, over the fence and into the wild west, in search of the three men who could save her town. Vasquez was on first watch. Sam was cleaning his pistol and Red Harvest was looking over his bow, wondering how he would fix it. He would have to get some supplies somehow. And his pistol had a limited number of bullets. Vasquez noticed a rider coming towards them. He stood up, on alert. They were riding rather fast, they could be hostile. He aimed his gun, ready to fire but then when the rider passed under the moonlight he saw a flash of golden hair. \"Daisy?...\" He questions aloud and Red Harvest and Sam instantly pick their heads up. Vasquez lowers his gun when he sees her approach and quickly dismount. \"Oh thank goodness I found y'all.\" Daisy says and runs up to meet Vasquez and Sam who was now walking towards her as well. \"What are you doing out here in the middle of the night Daisy?\" Sam asks. Daisy reached inside her corset and Sam looked away respectfully while Vasquez grinned and his eyes lit up in excitement, then dimmed when he saw her pull out the gauze and medical supplies out of her corset instead of her breasts. \"I figured you might need these.\" Daisy says and Sam looks at her and Red Harvest looks confused at her. \"Vasquez and I are fine.\" Sam says. \"Harvest is the one that needs that stuff the most.\" \"I figured.\" Daisy says and makes her way over to him by the campfire. He looked up at her, pain in his eyes. \"Oh Red I'm so sorry this happened to you. It's all my fault.\" Daisy says. \"It is not your fault.\" Red Harvest says then holds the side of his face, wincing in pain. Daisy teared up a bit when she saw he was in pain. She felt worse now. Suddenly she felt something wipe away her tear. She saw Red Harvest smiling at her. \"No more crying tonight.\" He says, knowing that she must have been crying before because of the dried tear stains that were on her cheeks when she first approached him. \"If it makes you feel any better, Mr. Norman probably won't be able to walk for a week now thanks to you guys.\" Daisy says happily and Red Harvest tries to smile but then winces in pain again. \"I wish I could have brought some ice with me but by the time I found you guys it would have all melted.\" \"Do not worry. I will be fine.\" Red Harvest assures her. Daisy looks at his arm and sighs. \"At least let me fix up your arm?\" She offers and shows him her supplies. \"It could get infected and then you'll get sick.\" Red Harvest holds out his arm for her and Daisy puts some of the medicine on the gauze and places it on the cuts on his arm. He winces and tries to pull his arm back but Daisy holds him steady, with some difficulty though because he was so strong! She blushed a bit and smiled. \"You're very strong...\" She tells him and he smiles and blushes. \"Thank you...\" He says softly and Sam and Vasquez look at the two of them and then back at each other. Vasquez raises his eyebrows at Sam and he shakes his head and smiles. Daisy gently wraps the bandages around his arm and then ties it tight. \"There you go. You'll be as good as new in no time!\" Daisy says cheerfully and Red Harvest smiles at her. \"You are always so happy. Even when there is so much bad going on in your town.\" He notices. \"Well that's how I help people.\" Daisy explains. \"Being an upperclass woman, there's not really that much I can do. Sure I can organize committees and such but without the proper resources to help people, there's not much else I can really do. So by smiling at someone who maybe doesn't get a smile their way every now and then, or playing with some children if their parents aren't able to, are just some little things I can do to help brighten everyone's spirits and give them hope.\" \"That is a wonderful thing.\" Red Harvest says. Then he notices something on Daisy's face, when she turns to the fire. \"Daisy...\"He says and gently holds her chin and turns her face back towards him. Then he notices the red mark on her cheek and his other hand balls into a fist. \"Did someone hurt you?\" He asks and Vasquez and Sam turn to listen, the two of them also upset by the fact that you might have been hurt by someone. Daisy sighs and nods. \"My father slapped me for slapping Mr. Norman and calling him a pig, even though he deserved it for what he did to you.\" Daisy says and Red Harvest sighs, guilt washing over him. \"It's my fault. I should not have let my anger get to me when he humiliated me today. You got hurt for defending me.\" Red Harvest says. \"And you got hurt for defending me.\" Daisy adds and blushes. \"I heard some of the things you said about me. No man has ever said such nice things about me, and valued me as a person.\" \"Well then you have not known any nice men.\" Red Harvest says. \"Well I do now.\" Daisy says and leans in and kisses his injured cheek gently. Vasquez and Sam both share a look and Red Harvest blushes, his eyes wide. \"You should stay with us tonight.\" Sam offers. \"I don't want you going back there and getting beat up again by your daddy.\" \"Thank you so much for the offer but I don't want to be a burden.\" Daisy says. \"Nonsense.\" Vasquez says. \"You're no burden. It'd be an honor to have you here with us.\" \"Well I guess as long as I'm not imposing...\" Daisy says and blushes. Red Harvest hands her a blanket. \"Here.\" He says. \"Take this to sleep on.\" \"But what will you sleep on?\" Daisy asks. \"I do not mind sleeping on the ground.\" Red Harvest says. \"But you're injured you need a good night's sleep to heal.\" Daisy insists. \"The Earth will heal me.\" Red Harvest says and lays down on the ground a little ways away from the fire. Later on that night when everyone was asleep Daisy took the top blanket off of the makeshift bed that Red Harvest had given her and placed it over him as he slept. \"Thank you. For everything.\" Daisy says and kisses his cheek again before going to sleep again.[Chapter 4] The next morning Daisy wakes up to a new feeling of warmth washing over her, like someone had put a blanket on her. Then she felt someone gently place a kiss to her cheek. She woke up and saw Red Harvest walking away from the camp and over to his horse. He mounted it and rode off somewhere. She rubbed her eyes and yawned. Since I'm up I might as well go and find some sort of breakfast. She decides and goes to find some berry bushes. She finds some by a river and starts to pick them. She stiffens when she hears a splash. A mountain lion or something must have gone into the river. She thinks to herself. And now it could be coming after me! She thinks and looks up to try to see if she can spot it coming and is surprised to find something else. It was Red Harvest, and he was...naked. Her eyes went wide and she gasped when she saw him. He must have left early to take a bath in the river. Daisy knew it was disrespectful to watch but she just couldn't help herself. She felt herself drawn to him. She couldn't look away. He was so well built, perfectly sculpted abs and pectorals. And not to mention how amazing his arms looked now that they were glistening with water. He scooped up some water and dropped it over his head, washing his face and running his hands through his hair. Daisy bit her lip. Out of respect she tried not to look at his privates but then he turned and she saw it and her jaw dropped. Being the innocent Christian white woman she was, she had never seen a man's penis before. But now that she had seen Red Harvest's she knew what all the other women were on about. She felt a warmth in her loins when she saw it. Good Lord I have an urge to have that Indian's penis in me! She exclaims in her head and turns away and fans herself, trying to get those images out of her head and calm her desires. She should not be having these thoughts. The Lord would not allow her to be with Red Harvest. He was an Indian and she was white. It wouldn't work out, he would be killed and she'd be damned to hell. Then she heard someone call her name. She turned and saw Red Harvest scanning the bushes by where she was. She blushes and turns away, not wanting him to make eye contact with her until she was fully clothed. She heard some more splashing and then saw Red Harvest making his way over to her, up the path and towards her little hide out in the bushes. When she turned around he was still shirtless but he had pulled up his pants and was buckling them. \"What are you doing here?\" He asks. Checking you out naked. Daisy thinks then blushes. \"Just picking some berries for breakfast.\" She says innocently. \"How about you? How are you feeling this morning?\" She asks, looking over his cuts and bruises, trying to ignore the fact that he was still shirtless. \"Better.\" He answers and picks a berry off of a bush and eats it. \"You like what you see?\" He asks and she stiffens and her face turns red. \"What? What are you talking about?\" She stammers. \"I wasn't...uh...I mean you're...really uh...strong and attractive I suppose but uh...\" He raises an eyebrow. She looks up at him and he smiles and laughs. \"I was joking. Come hunt with me?\" He offers and Daisy blushes and smiles a bit, flattered by his offer and happy to change the subject. \"Sure.\" She answers and he picks up his pistol and goes into the brush. \"What happened to your bow?\" She asks him as he sneaks through the brush. \"It was broken yesterday. I fell off my horse and it split on the fence.\" He explains. \"Oh I'm so sorry.\" Daisy says and places a hand on his arm. He gave her a curious look and she blushed and removed her hand. \"I'll find someone to fix it for you.\" She offers and he shakes his head. \"You do not have to.\" He says. \"But I want to.\" She replies. \"You broke it because of my suitor's goons on my property. Therefore I should pay for it to get fixed-\" He covers her mouth quickly and whispers something in Comanche to her. She looks confused. \"Deer.\" He says in English. She watches as he stalks through the grass and gets closer to the animal. He raises his pistol and then fires it, the animal falling dead immediately. He sighs and looks at the pistol and stands up. He turns back to look at Daisy. \"I do not like to kill things this way.\" He explains. \"But since my bow is broken I have no choice.\" He says and Daisy comes up to stand beside him. Her hand gently slides into his and he gives her another curious look, although it seems like there is more of a look of longing in his eyes. Daisy returned the look but then dropped his hand and turned away. He sighed and made his way over to the deer he had just killed. She helps him skin it, although she wasn't very good and he had to stop and help her. \"Like this.\" He instructs and he intertwines his hands with hers and she blushes. He was holding her against his warm body as he moved her hands to skin the deer. She couldn't even focus on what he was saying. She was too focused on the fact that she realized now that she found him attractive. She leaned back into his chest a bit and he didn't shy away. She welcomed his warmth and he leaned into her gently. \"Keep your arm strong but gentle.\" He instructs and runs his other hand along her arm, that warm feeling in her loins was back again. He held her hand with two of his and guided her to the deer. Together they removed the skin and worked on carving out the meat. Daisy's hands were getting bloody but she didn't care. The only thing she could focus on was the man behind her. Little did she know that he was thinking the same for the woman in front of him. The two of them returned to camp. The meat put in some bags that Red Harvest had brought since Sam and Vasquez didn't like him carving up animals by the camp site. Daisy sat behind Red Harvest, arms wrapped around his waist as he rode into camp. \"Thank you for carving that thing up away from the camp site.\" Sam says. \"Now it doesn't smell like blood everywhere.\" Vasquez adds. \"Gracias mi amigo.\" He looks at Daisy as Red Harvest takes her hands and helps her off of his horse. \"I think they're in love.\" Vasquez tells Sam and he looks at the two of them and sighs. \"If they are it'll never work out. She's a rich white woman, she's the last person that anyone would ever let marry an Indian.\" Sam explains. Still he couldn't deny the looks that were passed between the two of them occasionally. He knew that there was something brewing, most likely romance. He didn't know what to do. He didn't want to see either of them broken hearted but sadly that's what might have to happen. \"You sure you want to head out to get her Vasquez?\" Sam asks his friend as he mounts his horse. \"Of course I do. We could use her help with this, and she has experience now.\" Vasquez tells Sam. \"We need all the help we can get.\" \"Very well.\" Sam says. \"Ride safely.\" Vasquez nods and rides off. \"Where did Vasquez just run off to?\" Daisy asks, wondering what's going on. \"He's off to go bring over a friend of ours.\" Sam explains. \"She'll be able to help us out to take back your town.\" Sam says. \"Speaking of town, after breakfast I'll get you a new bow.\" Daisy offers seeing that his bow was broken in half, rendering it beyond repair. \"There's a carpenter in town, I'm sure they can do something-\" Red Harvest cuts her off. \"Don't worry Daisy.\" He says. \"I can make my own.\" He says. \"If you don't mind I'll be doing that today.\" Red Harvest tells Sam. \"Go for it. What's an Indian warrior without his bow.\" Sam says and Red Harvest nods in appreciation. \"At least let me help.\" Daisy insists. \"I owe you for losing your bow in the first place.\" The Comanche smiles at her determination to help. \"How could I refuse such a request.\" He says and she laughs, making Sam sigh again although the pair didn't notice. Red Harvest had led her through the wilderness and told her the story of how he had gotten his first bow since Daisy had asked. \"My father told me to go out into the woods and collect all the necessary materials I would need.\" He explains. \"It was getting dark, and I was armed with only a knife.\" \"How old were you?\" Daisy asks. \"I do not know how to say in English. I was a young boy.\" He replies. *flashback* A young Red Harvest walks through the brush carefully. His knife raised in fear. He knew he may have to use it but just the thought made his hair stand on end. He had never had to fight anything before. He had been searching all day for the perfect branch to make his bow out of but he just couldn't seem to find one. Suddenly he stepped on something and flinched, thinking it might be a snake and he had his knife raised to it, only to find it was a harmless branch. And not just any old harmless branch, the perfect branch for a bow! He thanked the Gods that he hadn't stepped on it hard enough to break it. He picked it up and pretended that it was a real bow that he could shoot things with. \"Take that you buffalo! And that you white man! You'll never take my land!\" He declares in his native tongue. He turns around to \"shoot\" again and he comes face to face with a coyote. He dropped the stick and the coyote growled at him. He gulped. Where there was one there was bound to be others. And sure enough two more came out of the bushes. He held out his knife but he knew it wouldn't do him much good. He would have to trust his feet. He turned and ran as fast as he could but he heard the coyotes coming up behind him. One pounced on him and he ducked it and it went over him. As it did he tore up its belly with his knife, getting blood all over him. He stabbed the other two, one of them bit him in the side and he continued to stab the other one while the first one was bleeding out on the ground. When he had killed all the coyotes he was breathing heavily and covered in their blood. When he got back to his band's camp they all gasped when they saw him. His father came over to him and Red Harvest explained what happened. \"We shall go out and collect the meat that my son has harvested.\" He says to some men. Red Harvest goes up to the Elders with his branch. They all discuss something in hushed tones. \"From this moment forth, you shall be known as Red Harvest. For the blood that you have harvested.\" They explain and Red Harvest nods and his mother takes him to wash up. *flashback ended* \"Wow.\" Daisy says, finding it hard to believe that such a young boy would be in that position. \"That sounds traumatizing.\" \"What does that mean?\" Red Harvest asks. \"Bad. Mentally scarring.\" She rephrases and he seems to understand. \"It was at first. I used to have bad dreams about it. But soon it went away. I hardly ever think about it now.\" He says and then stops and bends over. He picks up a branch and looks at it. \"This will do well.\" \"I just hope there aren't any coyotes here this time.\" Daisy says. Suddenly Red Harvest gasps and Daisy shrieks and jumps behind him, scared of what danger might be ahead of her. But all that came was Red Harvest's laughter. \"Again. Joking.\" He says to her and shows her the small squirrel that jumped out of the brush. Daisy gave him a very unamused look and walked off. Red Harvest stopped smiling. Had he offended her? \"Sorry.\" He calls out to her. \"Please come back! I did not mean to make you upset!\" but Daisy just kept moving through the brush. Suddenly she screamed and fell. \"Daisy!\" He shouts and rushes over to where she fell. He couldn't see her there and there wasn't even a hole. \"Daisy?\" He starts searching for her frantically when suddenly something drags him down in the brush. He's about to fight off whatever grabbed him but then he's met with Daisy's beautiful laughing face. \"Joking.\" She mimics him and then he shakes his head and grabs her and rolls over so she's underneath him. The two of them smile and laugh at each other. He couldn't help but admire her. She had a few cute smudges of dirt on her otherwise pale, slightly peach colored face. He noticed she had a few freckles on her nose and a bit on her cheeks from being outside in the sun. They were adorable. Her eyes were such a bright blue, like the sky. And her hair looked as if it was spun from gold. Or the thinest strands of hay lit up from the sun. The rest of her body was undoubtedly attractive. He never thought he would find a white woman attractive but by the Gods did Daisy prove him wrong. He knew that he shouldn't be thinking this way. He would be completely shunned by his people if he struck up a relationship with her. He looked her over and blushed. When he had dragged her under him he dragged her dress down a bit, revealing a bit more of her breast than her dress had shown before. He stared a bit and tried his best not to get a boner while he was on top of her. \"You like what you see?\" She mimics him from earlier this morning. He blushes, knowing what she was playing at. \"I...uh...well you're...uh...very beautiful...and uh I-\" She cut him off with her laughter. Red Harvest calmed down. Every time she laughed it was like music to his ears. Suddenly they heard some horses neighing and some people shouting. Daisy recognized these voices and rolled Red Harvest over so she was on top. She poked her head up out of the brush and saw her father and some of his men, riding along, scouting the area looking for Daisy. \"They're looking for me...\" She says and her face pales and she holds onto Red Harvest tighter. She looks back at him. \"If they find you with me they'll kill you. I should go now, before they find us.\" She says and starts to get up but then Red Harvest sees the sleeve of her dress pull up a bit and he notices the bruising on her arm. He contains his anger for now and pulls her back down. \"No. Please don't go.\" He begs and she looks at him, shocked and her heart pounding. \"If you go they will hurt you.\" He tells her. \"I can't let them hurt you again.\" He brushes a stray lock of hair out of her face. \"Oh Red...\" Daisy says, touched by the Indian's protectiveness over her. He lays her down beside him and makes himself a shield for her, so that the men cannot see her. He blends in better than she does. They stick around for awhile then ride off, leaving Daisy and Red Harvest in the clear. \"Hello.\" Daisy tries saying in Comanche but she feels like she completely butchers it. Red Harvest only laughs and repeats the word again for Daisy to repeat. She tries again and he nods. \"Better.\" He says in Comanche. \"Now what does that word mean?\" She asks and he repeats it again in Comanche. She looks cross again and Red Harvest smiles and turns back to sanding down the branch to make it a bow. \"Better.\" He says in English. \"Thank you.\" She says in English. \"You're welcome.\" Red Harvest says in Comanche, making Sam chuckle from where he was sitting on the other side of the small camp. He had been very amused by these two since they came back from fetching materials for Red Harvest's new bow around the same time that the sun was setting. \"Oh come on now what did he say this time?\" Daisy asks Sam. The warrant officer only shrugs and lights his cigarette. \"You're no help.\" Daisy sighs and watches over Red Harvest's shoulder. \"What are you carving into the bow?\" \"Designs.\" Red Harvest answers, this time in English. \"They mark battles I've fought and other important things.\" \"Wow.\" Daisy says. \"That's a lot of designs. You must be really brave.\" She tells him and he stops carving and looks up at her, that longing look back in his eyes. \"I may be brave in battle but in many other things I'm afraid.\" Red Harvest explains in Comanche. \"There's so many things I want to say to you. But I fear that our people will not allow us to have what I want us to have.\" Sam's attention was locked onto the Comanche. \"You are so beautiful, and what we have growing right now beautiful. I have not been so happy in so long. I'm just so scared that your father and his people will ruin it all, that I don't want to let it bloom and have it noticed and crushed by the other people who would not allow me to feel the way I am starting to do towards you. I wish I was...I wish I was...brave enough to love you.\" He says. Daisy tilts her head, not understanding what he said, although she had gotten some sort of emotional deepness from it and Red Harvest wanted it that way. He returned to sanding his bow. Sam however stood straight up, understanding exactly what his friend had said. He looked at Red Harvest and Red Harvest looked at Sam. The warrant officer sighed and looked at Red Harvest. \"You know what will happen to you if you're caught.\" Sam says to him in Comanche and nods. \"I will get killed.\" He answers in Comanche. \"And Daisy will become an outcast amongst her people. Broken hearted, with no one to comfort her.\" Poor Daisy was utterly confused by this point. \"That is why I cannot act on my feelings, nor will I ever let her find out. I'd rather have her be happy with me as a friend, than miserable when she loses me as a lover.\" \"That's a wise decision.\" Sam says, still in Comanche. He was pained even more by what Red Harvest was saying because by sacrificing his own desires for Daisy's happiness that showed him that Red Harvest really was falling in love with Daisy. Real love. Not lust for land or money or her physical appearance. This was the real deal, and sadly these two would never be able to be together. \"What are y'all saying?\" Daisy asks, now slightly irritated. \"Red here is just saying that he's grateful for everything that you've done for him.\" Sam says honestly in English, knowing that although it wasn't the exact wording, the meaning behind it was the same. \"And that he cares about you a lot.\" Daisy smiles brightly. \"Thanks Red Harvest.\" She says and then leans in and kisses his cheek again. Red Harvest's heart was racing just from her touch. He didn't know what spell Daisy was casting over him, but he was okay with whatever it was as long as he got to be in her presence and feel her touch every now and then. He took a bold step and gently kissed her back on the cheek. \"You're welcome Daisy.\" He says. She smiles more. \"So it was you.\" She says and Red Harvest looks confused. \"This morning I felt someone kiss my cheek and place a blanket over me. I'm guessing that was you.\" Daisy says and Red Harvest blushes. \"Yes it was. I'm sorry if you did not want me to kiss you.\" He says. \"I didn't mind it one bit.\" Daisy admits and Red Harvest's heart starts beating faster again. \"Do you think that maybe...um...sometime...if you're not busy...\" Daisy started to get to the point and Red Harvest's heart rate increased with every second he was kept waiting from the full question. \"Could you teach me how to shoot?\" She asks and Red Harvest's heart sunk slightly but he still held onto hope. \"I would love to.\" He says in Comanche and Daisy looks irritated. \"Oh come on now stop doing that and just tell me in English!\" She complains and hits his arm. \"Well you said you wanted to learn Comanche!\" Red Harvest argues in English and Sam laughs. That night Daisy and Red Harvest were out in the field and Daisy was using Red Harvest's new bow and trying to hit a tree. She groaned as she kept missing. \"How do you do this?\" She complains. \"It's so hard.\" She says and tries to shoot again but this time it lands in the ground about a foot in front of her. Red Harvest let out a soft chuckle and Daisy gave him an annoyed look. \"Let me show you.\" He offers and comes closer to her and fixes her stance. She held the bow firmly in her hands, Red Harvest pressed up behind her just like he was this morning. Just his presence was making her heart pound. His hands gently holding hers in place, holding her in the perfect position to shoot, his fingers gently brushed against her cheek as they both held the arrow and their heads were close together. \"Just like that.\" He says, his breath tickling her ear. She blushed and started to turn around to face him. He turned to look at her and their eyes met. Her light blue eyes were shining in the light of the full moon. He leaned in gently and Daisy closed her eyes and leaned into him, preparing for her first kiss. Then suddenly they heard some strange cries and Red Harvest's head shot towards the direction of the town, like a dog who's master was calling him. \"Red?\" Daisy asks him but he doesn't turn back to her. He just watches the light of fires spurt up from the town and mysterious yells coming from the town. \"They're Comanche.\" He says in Comanche and takes off towards town, taking his bow and arrows back from Daisy. \"Go find Sam you'll be safe with him!\" He calls out after her and she obeys him and runs back to the camp, worried about Red Harvest's safety.[Chapter 5] A/N: There is a slight mention of rape in this chapter. No act of rape actually occurs but someone is falsely accused. Other than that enjoy the chapter. :) Red Harvest mounted his horse quickly and rode out into town. He had heard the battle cries of Comanche warriors and was now curious as to what they were doing in town. He stopped his horse when he saw buildings on fire and villagers desperately trying to put them out. He spotted a few Comanche shooting people with arrows, some had guns. They were angrily shouting something. He heard them shouting \"land thieves!\" And \"white bastards!\" at them in their native tongue. What had caused them to be so angry at each other? He wondered and rode towards a Comanche who was burning a store. \"What's going on here?\" He asks him and stops his horse beside him. The man stopped burning things and turned towards Red Harvest. \"These white men took our home from us.\" The warrior explains. \"You are not from our tribe. But I trust you understand our feelings.\" He says and holds out a torch to Red Harvest. \"Will you help us?\" He asks and Red Harvest stays still. He did not have very many fond memories of white men. His own father was killed by one, just for money that the government would give him for it. But then he met Jack Horne, and Faraday, and other good white people that weren't bad. And respected him. And now he had met Daisy, who not only respected his culture, but actually wanted to know more about it, and more about him. He looked at the damage being caused in the town. Daisy loved this place, and the people in it. He couldn't participate in hurting those innocent people. He backed away from the warrior. \"No.\" He answers. \"Not all of the people here are evil. I am here to fight the wicked men that plague this town.\" \"As far as our tribe is concerned they are all wicked.\" The warrior insists. \"I do not share your views.\" Red Harvest states. \"Then you must die.\" The warrior says and swings his axe at Red Harvest, and then tries to hit him with his torch. His horse rears and kicks the warrior down, giving him a nasty blow to the head, disorienting him. \"With that logic, you are no better than the white men you hate.\" Red Harvest says and rides off. He noticed Sam and Vasquez in town, shooting both white people and Comanche warriors, but only those that threatened to shoot them, and they did not try to kill them, only incapacitate them. Sam found an older Comanche warrior, who appeared to be leading the attack and called out to him in Comanche. \"Why are you attacking this town?\" He asks in Comanche. The older man turns and approaches Sam. \"You speak Comanche?\" He asks. \"Some.\" Sam replies. \"I am a peace keeper in some parts.\" \"We attack this town because they stole from us.\" The older man says. \"They drove us out into the wilderness, where many men were killed by white hunters, killing them for their scalps, and women died of grief or disease that the white men gave us. Now we do the same to them. Show them what it's like to lose your home to invaders and perhaps this place will be an example to all white men. And then they will not plague our people any more.\" \"Not all white men are evil.\" Sam says. \"Most in this town are kind, but are plagued by one white man who is evil.\" \"How can I trust your word?\" The warrior asks. \"Perhaps you can trust mine.\" Red Harvest says and he rides up beside Sam and dismounts his horse. \"There are only a few truly evil men in this town. The rest will not harm you.\" He says. The older man studies him. \"You are not of our tribe.\" He says. \"Are you here alone?\" Red Harvest nods. \"Why?\" \"The elder said I must walk a different path.\" Red Harvest says. \"And it has led me to another place such as this where I have killed wicked men and left a happy and peaceful town behind. I believe that is my path, to free innocent people from those who are evil. My friends and I hope to do that here.\" The elder seems to understand. \"Very well.\" He says in Comanche. \"We will hold off our attacks while you are here. But if things do not change once you have finished your business, we will return.\" He calls out something to the other warriors and they all mount their horses and leaves. Sam instructs the remaining villagers not to fire at them. Vasquez runs into a nearby building, and comes out a few minutes later with a familiar woman. \"Emma?\" Red Harvest asks and she smiles at him and Sam and runs up to them both, first hugging Sam and then stopping in front of Red Harvest and holding out her hand to him. He looks at it curiously, then shakes her hand lightly. \"I heard you boys might need some help.\" Emma says. \"Me and a few volunteers are here and ready to help liberate this town.\" She says and whistles and a surprising number of men step forward behind her and Vasquez. \"What all seven of you did for Rose Creek was magnificent.\" She says. \"You inspired a lot of people, and we will always be willing to help you three if you need us. We also offer you a home too. If you ever get tired of running and want a place to settle down.\" The three being addressed felt a pang in their hearts at that offer. It had been so long since any of them had a home. But they couldn't accept Emma's offer. Not yet anyway, with so much work to be done here. \"Does this town even have a name?\" One man asks and looks around at some of the buildings. \"It's called Corn Plains.\" One villager says. (I just realized that I forgot to name the town XD, I really should have done that earlier, that's bad writing on my part.) \"Well then let's liberate Corn Plains.\" Emma says and all the volunteers and villagers cheer. Red Harvest smiles at Emma. Her determination and kind spirit reminded him of Daisy. Who he just remembered was all alone out in a field late at night. He turns to his horse and mounts him. \"Where are you going?\" Sam asks in Comanche. \"Daisy.\" Was all Red Harvest said before riding off. \"Who or what is Daisy?\" Emma asks, confused. Vasquez smiles and shakes his head, looking at the ground. \"Oh, Emma, que chica dulce.\" Vasquez says. \"Boy do we have a story for you.\" Red Harvest took off towards the field where he left her and slowed down when he saw she wasn't alone. Two Comanche warriors, one with a knife held at her neck. Red Harvest dismounted his horse and crept through the tall grass, hoping not to get their attention. \"What do you two want from me?\" Daisy asks in a pleading voice. \"Justice.\" The one not holding the knife says. \"For our tribe members who were killed by your men.\" \"What will killing me do?\" Daisy asks. \"They took away people we love.\" The one holding the knife says. \"Now we will take away someone they love.\" Before anyone could say anything, the one without the knife, suddenly has one held to his neck by Red Harvest. The other one holds Daisy tighter and presses the knife to her throat. \"If you cut her throat I will kill your companion.\" Red Harvest threatens in Comanche. \"Your elder called off the attack. Your tribe has left. Let her go and go back to them and I will not hurt your friend. The one holding Daisy slowly lets her go, and Red Harvest lets go of the other warrior with the same speed. Then the man he was holding turns and tries to stab him in the side, but Red Harvest quickly ducked and gutted the man with his knife. The other drew an arrow and was about to fire it at Daisy but Red Harvest pulled out his gun and shot the warrior dead, the arrow firing but missing Daisy's head by a hair. The other Comanche falls dead on the ground, leaving Red Harvest's hands stained with blood. Daisy pushes the other warrior off of her since he fell on top of her when he was shot and Red Harvest knelt down beside her. \"Are you hurt?\" He asks and she just stares at him, then throws her arms around him and hugs him tightly. Red Harvest's heart leapt and he hugged her back, forgetting about the blood on his hands, he buried his face in her hair and grabbed at the fabric of her skirts. \"I thought you wouldn't come back...\" Daisy says and sniffs, burying her face in the crook of his neck. \"I would never forget about you.\" Red Harvest says, wiping off the blood from one of his hands in the grass and then placing it in her golden hair. She pulls away and looks deep into his eyes. She places one of her hands on the side of his neck and gently rubs her thumb behind his ear. \"You saved my life.\" She smiles and lets out a short laugh. Red Harvest smiles, not sure what to say. Luckily it appeared he wouldn't have to. Daisy closed her eyes and started leaning in to him. Red Harvest's heart raced and he did the same. Their noses brushed against each other when they heard someone behind them. \"Daisy!\" A man shouts and they turn and see Joseph riding up on horse back. The two of them part and Joseph dismounts his horse and runs over to his daughter. \"Daisy! Are you alright?\" He asks and runs over to her and helps her up, shocked when he sees the bloody handprints on her dress. He looks at Red Harvest and looks furious. \"You did this didn't you!\" He accuses and looks over his daughter, and then notices the bodies of the two other Comanche warriors. \"All three of you wanted to have your way with her but you decided you wanted her all to yourself and killed your two comrades and went to town on her didn't you!\" He yells at Red Harvest. \"None of those Natives violated me father!\" Daisy yells at him. \"Red Harvest saved my life from two who wanted to kill me. He's a hero!\" \"He's a savage and I told you to stay away from him!\" Joseph says. \"How could I when Mr. Norman injured him and sent him off into the wilderness!\" Daisy retorts. \"He needed my help!\" \"He has his own kind to deal with him, you don't need to be anywhere near him.\" Joseph says and pushes her towards the horse. \"Now get on that horse and let me take you home.\" He turns to Red Harvest and touches his gun. \"Now I thought I told you to stay away from my daughter...\" \"She came to me.\" Red Harvest says. \"You hurt her.\" \"She was punished for disobedience.\" Joseph says. \"Surely your kind have some more brutal way of disciplining kids.\" \"Our children are precious.\" Red Harvest says. \"We never hurt or punish them, no matter what they do.\" \"And that's another reason why you're all savages.\" Joseph says and pulls out his gun. \"No!\" Daisy shouts and grabs her father's arm, moving it down, making him shoot the ground. He turns to her angrily. \"What the hell do you think you're doing?\" He yells and raises his arm to strike her, then his arm is grabbed by Red Harvest and twisted behind his back, and he throws him to the ground. He holds him down. \"Don't hurt him!\" Daisy pleads to Red Harvest. He looks confused. \"He hurt you, and tried to again.\" He pleads. \"He's still my father.\" Daisy says and Red Harvest sighs and lets him up. \"Don't hurt Daisy.\" He commands. \"If you hurt her, or try again, I will kill you.\" Red Harvest swears and lets the man go. Joseph brushes himself off and walks around to Daisy and she mounts the horse. Her father in front of her. \"If I ever see you on my property or near her again, I'll kill you.\" Joseph says and with that he kicks his horse and he and Daisy ride off back towards town, Daisy looking longingly over her shoulder at Red Harvest.[Chapter 6] Daisy sat on the red velvet chair in the parlor of her father's house, stitching together a worn pair of trousers. She looked out the window and wondered if her life would stay like this. It's been almost a day since she had heard from Red Harvest, or Sam or Vasquez. Her father forbid her from leaving the house so it's not like she had any idea if they were even still in town. But she prayed they were. And that they would rescue her from this prison like life and help the others in the town. She sighed and continued to stitch when she heard a knock at the door. One of the servants went to go open it. \"Hello Ma'am is there any way I can help you?\" She asked the woman at the door. Daisy couldn't see who it was because it wasn't in her line of sight. \"I'm here to see Daisy Darling. Is she here?\" She asks. \"My name is Emma Cullen.\" The servant nods and comes into the parlor. \"Miss Darling do you know an Emma Cullen?\" She asks. Daisy had no idea who she was. She had never heard that name in town before. She must be traveling from somewhere else. Maybe she knows Vasquez, Sam and Red Harvest!? \"Why yes I do.\" Daisy lies. \"Please bring her in Abigail.\" She nods and brings in Emma from the doorway and lets her sit down in a chair beside Daisy. \"Thank you Abigail, you may return to your chores. And feel free to grab a biscuit out of the jar for your daughter.\" Daisy says and Abigail smiles. \"Thank you so much Miss Darling.\" She says and leaves. Emma smiles at Daisy. \"So you're the Daisy I've heard so much about.\" Emma says and Daisy blushes. \"Who have you heard about me from?\" Daisy asks. \"And who are you?\" \"I'm friends with Vasquez, Sam and Red Harvest.\" Emma explains. \"They helped liberate my town from an evil man. And it looks like we're about to do the same here.\" Daisy's eyes lit up and she smiled brightly. \"Oh thank you so much! You have no idea how happy that would make me.\" She says. \"You're welcome. I'd do anything for the girl who's made Red Harvest so happy...\" Emma says and Daisy blushes and looks down at the stitching in her lap. \"Oh...\" Daisy says softly. \"We're only friends.\" \"That's not what I've heard from Sam and Vasquez.\" Emma says and Daisy's heart starts pounding. \"What have they said?\" She asks eagerly. Emma smiles. \"They told me that you and Red have been spending a lot of time together, and are quickly becoming very fond of each other.\" Emma smiles and Daisy laughs. \"I suppose we are.\" She says. \"I don't know why but I'm just drawn to him. He's vastly different from so many other men I've met. And he's the first man I've known that I can truly be myself around.\" \"He's said the same about you.\" Emma says and Daisy smiled. \"Did he really?\" She asks eagerly and Emma nods. \"How is he? Was he hurt at all from last night?\" \"Don't you worry, he's fine. But I think he misses you. He hasn't talked to anyone all day. He just sort of sits in the corner and fixes up his arrows. Every now and then I see him glance up here though. And when Vasquez told me you lived here I knew exactly what he was looking for.\" Emma explains. Daisy smiles and looks down again, a huge smile on her face. \"I wish I could see him again.\" Daisy says. \"But my father forbid me from leaving the house. He threatened to kill Red if he ever caught me near him or if he ever came around here again.\" \"I won't let that happen.\" Emma says. \"In fact I'm up here to fetch you to help us out.\" \"How are you going to get me out?\" Daisy asks. Joseph was sitting in the dining room, being served lunch by one of the servants when Daisy came in. He smiled. \"How is my little Daisy doing?\" He asks and opens up his arms for her. Daisy hugs her father. \"I was wondering if I could head into town with a friend father?\" Daisy asks and Joseph's expression hardens. \"If it's that Injun again, you know what my answer is.\" He says sternly. \"No it's not father. It's my friend Emma.\" Daisy says and steps aside and lets Emma come in. Joseph's expression softens. \"Oh. Well I suppose that's alright.\" Joseph says. \"What will you two be doing in town?\" \"Getting some new dresses made and some ingredients for a pie. I want to impress the next suitor that comes by with my cooking.\" Daisy lies. Joseph laughs. \"Oh that's my girl. Of course you can go. Have fun with your shopping girls.\" Joseph says. \"Thank you father.\" Daisy says and she and Emma smile and leave the house. \"Men are so easy to fool aren't they?\" Emma asks Daisy as they leave the house. \"Oh they sure are. Especially those that never pay mind to them.\" Daisy comments and the two girls head off into town. Emma led Daisy to the tailor shop. They both looked around and noticed Joseph's goons watching them as they stepped inside. Emma walked up to the counter. \"How can I help you ladies?\" The tailor asks. \"I'm looking for a pink dress that I ordered last week.\" Emma asks and the tailor looks at Emma and Daisy. He smiles and nods. \"Right this way girls.\" He says and leads them to a room in the back. He opens the door just enough so that both Daisy and Emma could slip inside then he shut the door behind them and locked it. Daisy looked around and saw a lot of men trying to find a comfortable spot in between the dresses and suits that the tailor had hanging on the walls. She giggled a bit when she saw a man trying to get his head out from underneath the skirts of a dress. \"Here let me help you.\" She offers and goes over and kneels down next to the man and picks the skirts up over his head. She lets out a little gasp and smiles when she sees who it is. \"Red...\" She says and his eyes light up and he smiles brighter than he ever has. \"Daisy.\" He says and the two hug each other at the same time. Emma smiles at the two of them and so do the other men. \"Wow. I have never seen him smile like that before.\" Vasquez tells Emma as he goes to stand beside her. \"Love will do that to someone.\" She says. Sam stands and smiles at Daisy and Red Harvest who had loosened their embrace and were now smiling at each other. The Comanche was now holding her waist and her hands were on his shoulders. \"As much as I'm happy you two are reunited I'm going to have to break this up. We brought her here for another important reason, aside from giving you your girlfriend back.\" Sam says and the two of them blush and jump apart while the other man laugh and whistle. \"Damn that's one smooth Injun.\" One man says, and the man next to him punches him in the gut. \"We are not-\" Red Harvest stutters and looks over at Daisy who was very flustered. \"Yeah sure whatever you say Red.\" Sam says and winks at him. He offers Daisy his hand and he helps her stand up. \"Now this here, is Daisy Darling. Daughter of Joseph Darling. The tyrant who's in charge of this town. No offense.\" Sam adds under his breath. \"None taken.\" Daisy adds. About a third of the men or more whistle and cat call her a bit. \"I do take offense to that though.\" Suddenly Red Harvest stands up in front of Daisy with an aggressive look on his face and his fists clenched and all the men stop instantly and look away from her. Daisy gently places her hand on Red Harvest's bicep. And he smiles at her and sits back down, looking up at her with a look of adoration on his face. \"Y'all should know better than to disrespect a warrior's girl.\" Sam warns. Red Harvest notices some men still eyeing her figure, so he takes out his axe and a stone and purposely starts sharpening it, staring the men down as he does so and they all look away from her. \"He'll be the one scalping you if you can't control yourselves.\" Sam warns. \"But anyway, Daisy here is a very important asset. She's among one of the few people who knows anything about this town. And her father is Joseph. So she knows how he runs things around here. With her on our side we can take Joseph Darling down from the inside.\" Sam explains and sits down, leaving Daisy standing. Everyone looked at her. \"So what's the plan Daisy?\" Vasquez asks from beside Emma. \"Plan?\" Daisy asks, feeling nervous. \"I'm supposed to come up with a plan?\" Everyone nods. \"That's why I had Emma bring you here.\" Sam says. \"And to cheer up Red.\" Vasquez adds and smirks. \"Well. Goodness I don't even know where to start.\" Daisy says. \"We could take out his hired guns?\" Emma asks. \"He'd only send for more.\" Daisy says. \"We could kill him.\" A man suggests and Daisy pales and looks at her hands. Vasquez smacks him upside the head and says some rude things to him in Spanish. \"Did you seriously just ask that girl for permission to kill her father?\" Vasquez asks and shakes his head. \"Foolish.\" He comments and Daisy looks around. Wait a minute...Foolish! I've got it!\" Daisy declares. \"I know how we're going to take my father down.\" \"How?\" Sam asks. \"By ruining his reputation.\" Daisy says and smiles. \"The soil in this town isn't as fertile as it used to be. It's been losing crops and money for a long time now. I'm not even sure if we'll make it to the next harvest. So since that started happening, money and reputation are all my father has to rely on. But because of the lack of exports, money's starting to run low. That's why he's been trying so hard to marry me off. I'm the last export he has.\" Everyone stays silent for a moment. Red Harvest gets very thoughtful and starts playing with the rock in his hand. \"But I've been trying my hardest to push away every single suitor he throws at me. Hoping that eventually they'll just stop coming. But most of them are hungry for land. And that's something we have plenty of. So they keep trying no matter what.\" \"So what do we do?\" Emma asks. \"We choke him.\" Daisy says and everyone's eyes went wide. \"Out of his land. Not physically.\" Daisy adds softly. \"So we take back the land.\" Sam says, now standing beside Daisy. \"If he loses his land. He loses his prospects.\" \"And then the villagers get control of their town again.\" Emma says. \"That might actually work.\" Vasquez says and Sam nods. \"I agree. Thank you Daisy.\" Sam says and Daisy sits down next to Red Harvest as Sam goes on to talk about setting up a battle strategy. Daisy tried to listen, but found herself distracted by the Comanche's presence. In fact, at one point she couldn't hear anything Sam was saying because Red had slid his hand into hers and held it. The only thing she could hear was her heart pounding. The meeting ended and one by one the volunteers were instructed to leave, so it wouldn't look so suspicious. But there were a lot of them, so a back door had been prepared for the others. Emma and Daisy would leave through the front since that's the way they came in. As Sam opened the door two children fell in. Daisy looked back and saw Joshua and Annie on the floor. \"What are you two doing here?\" She asks them and rushes over to help them up. \"I thought I told you two to stay at the house with Abigail and her daughter.\" \"We've been out looking for our parents.\" Annie says. Daisy's heart clenched. She heard about a week ago that they did find their parents. But they were dead. Killed by one of her father's hired guns for fighting back. \"Did you find them?\" Daisy asks and Joshua shakes his head and tears up so Daisy embraces both of them. \"Why were you two listening through the door?\" \"We heard people talking and wanted to know what it was about.\" Joshua says. \"Don't you kids know how dangerous that is!\" A man yells at them. Red Harvest, who was talking with Vasquez turns when he hears what's going on. \"Someone could have spotted you and ratted us all out! We could all get hanged now because of y'all!\" The kids start crying and hug Daisy tighter. \"Get over here so I can make sure you'll never do it again!\" The man threatens and tries to get Annie out of Daisy's grip. Suddenly he's being choked up against the wall by Red Harvest. \"Don't you dare ever touch them again.\" He threatens, an animalistic look on his face. \"Children are precious. They shouldn't be beaten into submission. They are learning. They make mistakes.\" He releases the man who was now gasping for air. \"It seems you've made a few too. Now get out of here.\" He says and the man scrambles to the back door and leaves. \"I'll take you kids home.\" Daisy says. \"And you'd better not repeat anything you heard here to anyone.\" She stresses. The kids nod and take her hands. Red Harvest gently grabs her arm. \"I won't let your father sell you off to anyone.\" Red Harvest says. \"When we free this town. We will free you as well.\" A few tears slid down Daisy's cheeks. \"Thank you.\" She says and kisses his cheek before leaving with the kids. \"You do realize what kind of trouble you'll be getting yourself into?\" Sam asks. Red Harvest nods. \"Yes. But she's worth it.\"[Chapter 7] The past few days have been very routine. Daisy would come with Emma to the tailors shop and help plan their attack. It would be happening tomorrow and as it neared Daisy felt more nervous. The only thing keeping her calm was Red Harvest. And even that was a stretch, considering how much he got her heart racing. At their last meeting he had given her a bouquet of flowers that he had picked himself. \"Daisies.\" He said as he handed her the bouquet. \"Sam told me you were named after these flowers.\" Daisy smiled and took them from him. \"They're beautiful. I love them.\" Daisy smiles and takes the flowers from him and holds them against her chest. \"You are as pretty as them.\" Red Harvest says with some difficulty since he's never said those words before. Sam, Vasquez and Emma who were watching all smiled and glanced at each other. \"I taught him how to say that.\" Sam says proudly. \"Aw...Red.\" Daisy says and blushes. \"You're so sweet...\" \"Thank you.\" He says. He tried not to meet her gaze because he was so flustered. Daisy found it charming. All the guys who had ever been around her were confident when they tried to woo her. But here was Red Harvest, blushing and unsure of himself. When Daisy came home that day she was grinning like an idiot. \"Darling what are you smiling about?\" Her father asks as she comes inside. \"Nothing.\" Daisy says with a smile and looks at the flowers in her hands. \"Something.\" Her father repeats and smiles. \"Who gave you those?\" \"A very kind man.\" Daisy says dreamily. Joseph smiles. \"Those are from your new suitor aren't they?\" Joseph asks and Daisy decides to play along so she nods. \"Yeah.\" Daisy says and then notices a different flower in the bouquet. \"He guessed what my favorite flowers are...\" She says and looks at the little pemmicans, their stems underneath the daisies. Daisy was so happy that tears started to flow down her cheeks. Joseph was inspecting the bottom of the bouquet. \"It looks like he ripped these flowers right out of the ground.\" He notices. \"There's still dirt and roots on them.\" \"They're perfect.\" Daisy says and runs upstairs. Joseph goes back into the drawing room where there was a man sipping some whiskey. \"Follow my daughter around tomorrow and see how she and Mr. Norman are getting along.\" He instructs and the man nods. \"Will do sir.\" He answers. The next day Daisy followed protocol and went into town with Emma for the meeting. They finalized the plans for the attack and the meeting ended. Everyone started to file out, leaving Sam, Vasquez, Emma, Daisy and Red Harvest. \"I'm going to go see if everyone got out okay.\" Emma says and heads to the front. \"I'll go too.\" Vasquez says. \"Me three.\" Sam says and all three rush to the door. Daisy and Red Harvest looked confused. Sam shut the door behind him and Daisy and Red Harvest heard it lock. \"Did they just lock us in here?\" Daisy exclaims and runs over to the door and tries to open it but finds it locked. Then Red Harvest remembered something that Sam told him the other day. \"Red?\" He asked and Red Harvest turned to him. \"You really love Daisy don't you?\" He asks in Comanche. Red Harvest nodded. \"I think before this battle starts you should tell her.\" He says. \"But what if she doesn't feel the same? What if she doesn't want to be with me?\" Red Harvest asks in Comanche. \"She's so beautiful and rich. To her I am practically an animal.\" \"Hey don't put yourself down like that.\" Sam warns. \"You've got a lot going for you. Now tomorrow I'm going to give you an opportunity to tell her how you feel. Don't waste it.\" Red Harvest knew now what was going on. \"Daisy...\" He starts and Daisy turns away from the door and looks at him. \"I think I should tell you now, before everything starts...how I feel about you.\" He says with some difficulty, since he learned how to say this stuff in English yesterday from Sam. \"You make me happy. You are kind, and curious. The day after we first met I compared you to a Goddess. And now I know that you are a Goddess. No one on Earth could be so beautiful and so kind to someone like me. I know you may not feel the same but ever since I came to this town I can't stop thinking about you. And I treasure every moment I spend with you. I could only hope that you do the same...\" \"I do.\" Daisy says and Red Harvest notices that she's close to tears. \"I do Red I do! I've never been so happy with anyone other than you before! I want to be with you, but I don't think my father or anyone in town would let me. It'd be a sin to be with you.\" \"People and religion cannot stop me from loving you.\" Red Harvest says and that spurs Daisy to run towards Red Harvest and he catches her in his arms and holds her close to him, one hand holding her face as he cups her cheek and presses his lips to hers in a passionate kiss. They stayed like that for the longest time. Just feeling each other's presence against each other, memorizing the feel of each other's lips, before breaking apart for air. \"I love you.\" Red Harvest says. \"I love you too.\" Daisy answers and kisses Red Harvest again. Slowly things began to heat up. The Comanche's hands started to roam, caressing her figure and Daisy let her hands slide down his shoulders and down his toned chest. Next thing she knew, she was up against the wall and Red Harvest's head was in the crook of her neck, leaving small kisses there. She wrapped her legs around his waist and breathed heavily. Letting out soft moans every now and then as his lips found her sweet spot. His hands went up her sides and cupped her breasts, and she felt something hard poking her thigh. He started to kiss down lower towards her cleavage and with one hand he loosened the strings that were holding her shirt together over her chest and that's when she pushed on his chest moving him away. \"Wait, Red stop.\" She tells him and looks into his eyes. His pupils were wide with lust. \"I don't feel comfortable doing this yet with you yet. You see I want to remain a virgin until I'm married. That's how I was raised and I don't feel comfortable letting a man have his way with me before then.\" Red Harvest nodded and let her down from the wall, smoothing out her skirts. \"I understand.\" He says. \"I would not want to do anything with you that you don't want me to do.\" Daisy smiled. \"Thanks Red.\" She says and smiles at him. \"You know you're the first man that's ever let me have a say in something.\" \"That is not good.\" He says. \"I should not be the first. White men are horrible to people who are not white men...\" He says. \"Not all of them are bad.\" Daisy says. \"I've been taught the same thing about your people. And you've definitely proven me wrong.\" \"I have met good white men too.\" Red Harvest says, then his expression saddens. \"Unfortunately they are no longer living...\" \"I'm so sorry.\" Daisy says and touches his arm. \"It's alright. It's another story for another time.\" He says. He tries the back door and finds it's unlocked. \"I will take you home.\" He says. \"If you come near my house or if my father sees you with me he'll kill you remember?\" Daisy reminds him. Red Harvest smiles. \"I do not fear anything when I'm with you.\" He says and Daisy runs up to him and Red Harvest catches her again and the two share another passionate kiss. When they left, Sam checked the room. \"They're gone.\" He says. \"Did it work?\" Emma asks. \"I heard Daisy moaning.\" Vasquez says. \"So I opened the door a bit to see what was going on and Red had her up against the wall, feeling her up and working on getting her clothes off.\" Sam and Emma's jaws dropped. \"How long ago was that?\" Sam asked. \"A few minutes ago.\" Vasquez answered. \"And they're gone now.\" Emma said. \"They couldn't have...could they? They didn't have a lot of time.\" \"Maybe the Comanche do it a lot faster than us?\" Vasquez suggests. Daisy walked behind the main street of town, staying in the shadows on Red Harvest's arm. He kept staring at her and smiling. \"What are you smiling at?\" She asks. \"You're so beautiful...\" He says and Daisy blushes. \"What about me is beautiful?\" She asks. \"Let me guess, this?\" She asks and runs her hands along her figure. Red Harvest shakes his head. \"Your eyes. They're always shining when you're happy.\" He says. \"That's why I was smiling, because your eyes are shining and you're with me. I thought that I might be what's making you happy.\" \"You are now.\" Daisy says and kisses him again. \"You know most guys say my hips are the most beautiful. Because they're good for having babies.\" \"They are. And they're beautiful.\" Red Harvest says and brushes a lock of hair from her face. \"Daisy, I would love to make you my wife someday. We could run away together and ride through the wild, explore new places...\" He lets his hands slide down to her hips. \"Maybe even have a few kids if you want them...\" He was blushing horribly but luckily it was night time so Daisy couldn't see. She smiled at him. \"That sounds amazing Red. And I do want to have children someday. I just don't want that to be the only thing I'm good for.\" Daisy explains. \"You are good for so much more than that.\" Red Harvest says and kisses her. \"And she's good for so much more than you savage.\" A man to the right of them says and Red Harvest immediately lets go of Daisy and gets serious when he sees a rich White man watching them. \"Who are you?\" Daisy asks, worried that he might try to hurt Red Harvest. \"Mr. Charles.\" He answers. \"And you must be Daisy. The lucky girl I'm going marry.\" Red Harvest's fists clenched. \"She does not belong to you.\" Red Harvest says in a stern tone. \"She doesn't even know you.\" \"Oh and she knows you, some dirty red skin who was probably raised by coyotes.\" Mr. Charles says and Red Harvest tries to bring up his fist to hit him but Daisy stops him. \"Hurting him won't help anything Red.\" Daisy says. \"Especially now that I've caught you two sucking face.\" Mr. Charles says. \"The minute I tell Mr. Darling, you're getting scalped.\" He tells Red Harvest. \"So I suggest you scurry along and never speak to my girl again or I'll kill you.\" \"If you lay one hand on her I'll kill you first.\" Red Harvest threatens. Daisy held his arm tighter, starting to get worried for Red Harvest's safety. \"We'll see about that.\" Mr. Charles says and draws a gun. Red Harvest draws his from his side and they both point them at each other. \"Stop!\" Daisy demanded from both of them. They both put their weapons down and looked at her. \"Killing each other won't solve anything.\" \"The girl is right.\" Mr. Charles said. \"Surprisingly. I never thought I would say those words actually.\" He says and Red Harvest clenches his fists again. \"Come on Daisy let's go home.\" Mr. Charles says and reaches for her. \"No.\" Daisy says and backs away from him. \"What do you mean no?\" Mr. Charles asked, his voice slightly raised. \"You don't get a say in this woman, you're coming with me whether you want to or not.\" He says and grabs her arm and yanks her towards him. All of a sudden Red Harvest punches him in the face, knocking him over, letting go of Daisy's arm. \"Are you alright?\" Red Harvest asks her, worry in his voice as he looks over her arm, to see if it was injured at all. \"I'm okay.\" Daisy says in a shaky voice and Red Harvest pulls her into him in a comforting hug. Gently rubbing her back to calm her nerves. \"Don't worry. I won't let him touch you again...\" He promises. He notices movement out of the corner of his eye and sees Charles getting back up. He shuffles Daisy behind him and gets his pistol ready. \"Let's settle this like gentlemen.\" Charles suggests, wiping the blood off of his face. \"A quickdraw. Loser dies. Winner gets the girl.\" \"Deal.\" Red Harvest says. \"What are you doing?\" Daisy asks. \"You could die I don't want to lose you.\" \"I have to do this for you. I can't let that disgusting man try to take over your life.\" Red Harvest says. \"Don't worry too much, I'm better with a gun than most white men.\" He says and goes to stand across from Mr. Charles. The two walk opposite each other for about 10 paces and then turn back to face each other. Daisy watched, holding her hands up to her face, nervously. Suddenly both guns were up and they both fired. Daisy covered her eyes, not wanting to see what happened. After a few moments she peaked and saw one man standing, and one man on the ground. The standing one went to check the one on the ground's pulse. \"Dead.\" He said and Daisy let out a sob and ran over to the standing man, Red Harvest and kissed him fiercely. He held her and spun her around. \"Never scare me like that again.\" She begs. \"I cannot promise that.\" Red Harvest admits honestly. \"Tomorrow I will be fighting to save your town. But once this battle is over. I promise I will not look for trouble, or gamble with my life. Because now I have something worth living for.\" He says and Daisy kisses him again. They parted when they heard commotion. \"Some of the hired guns must have heard the gunshots and now they're coming here.\" Daisy says. \"You need to go! I'll see you tomorrow!\" She says and gives him one last kiss before they both run off in separate directions. Little did they know that one hired gun was already watching them. And he was now on his way to report to Joseph Darling what he just saw.[Chapter 8] Daisy ran back to her house and climbed the tree back into the window of her room. She sighed and shut the window, trying to silence the sound of gunshots and other horrible violent noises from her ears. She missed the days when there weren't those horrible noises, and the sounds of birds and happy people instead. But now those days were long gone. The wind gently blew over the dead cornstalks in front of her house. Daisy wondered if anything would ever grow there again. \"This whole land is cursed.\" She mutters to herself. \"Hopefully starting tomorrow we can make things right.\" \"And how exactly do you plan on doing that missy?\" Joseph asks from behind her. Daisy turns to face her father, her face pale as a sheet. He seemed angry and there was a skinny, scared man behind her father. \"By going to church of course and praying for a suitable spouse.\" Daisy lies, regaining her composure. \"Of course you are...\" Joseph says and walks closer to the girl. She doesn't flinch or seem afraid in the slightest. \"Because according to this fine young fella over here,\" Joseph gestures to the terrified man behind him. \"That Injun fella of yours killed one of 'em. And you were there and might have had something to do with it.\" \"I have no idea what you're talking about daddy.\" Daisy says although on the inside her heart was beating a mile a minute. \"I'm not hanging around him anymore. You told me not to, I've been obeying you.\" \"You sure Darling?\" Joseph asks and Daisy smiles and nods. \"Because according to my little fly on the wall over there, you two were kissin' and embracin' each other as well...\" He says. \"Daddy?!\" Daisy exclaims in an offended tone. \"Do you really think I would go and commit a sin such as that! You raised me better than that!\" \"Alright then sweetheart.\" Joseph says and Daisy frowns when she notices the man look scared. \"Looks like I hired a liar then.\" Suddenly two men grasp the frightened man. \"I'll have to kill him for deceiving me.\" \"What!? No! Daddy you can't just kill him!\" Daisy pleads and gets in front of him. \"Why not? He did lie to me after all.\" Joseph says and the men press a gun to his temple. \"Unless he wasn't lying...\" Daisy sighs and takes in a deep breath. She looked at the innocent man and knew in her heart that it would be wrong to kill him for her own sake. \"No father he wasn't.\" Daisy says. Joseph smiles. \"That's what I thought.\" He says and turns to his men. \"Alright now, you let him go. By takin' him outside to shoot him.\" \"No!\" Daisy shouts and rushes forward to try to get the man but her father grabs her to stop her. The man begged and pleaded to be spared and Daisy had had enough. She took her father's gun out of it's holder and without thinking she shot the two men that were holding the man. She didn't kill them, but she shot at their hands so they would let him go. He curled up in the corner, shivering and scared. Her father turned to her, anger clear on his face. His hired guns had fled the house. \"Now you put that gun down right now young lady.\" He tells her and Daisy, breathing heavily keeps it on him. \"Where on God's good Earth did you learn to shoot like that?\" \"I'm not as helpless as you think I am.\" She says. \"It was that Injun fella wasn't it?\" He asks. Daisy doesn't move. \"He's Comanche.\" She says. \"I don't care what he is, he's a no good redskin and a woman of your status was meant for more than that!\" He yells and takes a step closer and Daisy's backed against a wall. \"And what is that exactly?\" Daisy asks. \"To be married off as a baby factory for some rich white man just like you? Locked away in some huge house. These wooden boards are a prison to me daddy.\" Daisy pleads. \"I want to see the sun, the mountains. Travel and see things I've never seen before, and if I do settle down and marry I want it to be for love. I'm sorry Mama died before you had a son. But to make up for it you got yourself an equally strong daughter.\" She says and places the gun on her father's forehead. He looks her in the eyes. \"Now are you really going to kill your own father Daisy?\" Her father asks. She gulps and her hold on the gun tightens and her hand starts to shake. \"You have good reason to. I at least understand that. But your morals are all askew my dear. Remember what you learned in Church? Thou shalt not kill.\" \"Then how do you justify yourself when you've killed men?\" Daisy argues. \"I've never killed anyone dear.\" He says. \"I have people who do that for me. I may have killed an Injun once or twice when I was founding this here town but they don't count as people. But Daisy if you pull that trigger, you'll be committing the biggest sin of your life. Even worse than locking tongues with that savage.\" He says and Daisy takes a deep breath and Joseph prepares himself for the bullet to shoot through his head but it never does. The gun clattered to the floor and Daisy stood proud before him. Joseph smirked. \"You claim to be so strong. But clearly you are so weak...\" \"Some say that strength is to know when not to pull the trigger, not how many times you have pulled it.\" Daisy says and her father slaps her hard across the face. Daisy fell over, she could taste blood in her mouth. \"You consider this house a prison?\" He asks her. \"Good. Because it's one you'll never escape from!\" He yells at her and leaves, slamming the door behind her and locking it. The scared man in the corner was still there. Daisy pulled herself together and got a plan. She made her way over to him. \"It's alright.\" She tells him and he slowly sits up and looks at her. \"Come on now get up no one's going to hurt you.\" She coaxes and he slowly sits up and looks at her. She pulls his frail body into a gentle hug to try to comfort him. \"It's alright. Now I'm gonna need you to pull yourself together.\" She tells him. \"You spied on me for my daddy right?\" She asks and he nods. \"Good. Then you know what the man I was with looks like. I need you to find him for me and warn him of what's to come.\" The man looks scared and pushes himself into the wall. \"Now don't be scared he won't hurt you. He's kind.\" She smiles and the man looks at her. \"My father suspects something's going on now, and he's right. I need you to warn him of my father's suspicions. He'll warn the others involved with liberating this town. Can you climb trees?\" \"A little.\" He says in a soft voice. \"Alright, then I'll need you to climb the one outside my window. Quickly now, before my daddy gets back.\" Daisy says and leads him over to the window and opens it. She helps him out and he starts climbing down the tree. Part of her gets the idea to follow him. She starts to lean out the window but then she's harshly yanked back in. \"So that's how you've been sneaking out of here?\" Her father asks and tosses her on the bed. He slams the window and locks it. He notices the scared man running away through the corn field. He chuckles. \"Is that man your only hope of a rescue?\" Daisy frowned at him. He laughed heartily. \"Oh my dear girl no one's gonna believe him. You're never getting out of here until you're married.\" He says and then leaves again, Daisy now locked in her room with no hope of escape. She could hear her father talking to some of the hired guns and telling them to be on their guard. She looked out the window and hoped her message would reach them on time. Red Harvest sat with Sam, Vasquez and Emma. \"So how far did you get with her?\" Vasquez asks and Red Harvest looks confused. Sam translates for him what he meant and his eyes widen and he looks stunned at the Mexican. \"Not far.\" He says. \"Only kisses.\" The three of them smiled and congratulated him and he smiled a bit himself. \"Once we've done our work here I'm sure the preacher would be happy to marry the two of you.\" Emma says and Red Harvest looks at her. \"Can I?\" He asks simply. \"He's wondering if such a ceremony would be allowed.\" Sam tells Emma. \"Well I'm sure it would! After all the good things he's done I don't see why not.\" Emma says. Red Harvest smiles and continues to fix up some more arrows. \"I thought you spoke good English?\" Vasquez asks Red and he looks at him. \"Daisy said he's very good at it. He can say a lot. How come he's not as good when he speaks to us?\" \"Most of what he says to Daisy is stuff I've helped him translate beforehand.\" Sam says. Red pulls out a piece of paper from his boot and opens it up and shows Vasquez. \"He tells me what he wants to tell her, and I translate it into English for him.\" \"Oh...\" He says. \"There's someone coming to camp!\" Teddy calls to the four and they all grab their weapons and go to greet whoever's coming. The figure has their hands up and as it approaches and the firelight shows their features, it reveals an old Native American woman. Red Harvest immediately retires his weapons and shouts something to Sam before rushing over to her. \"What did he say?\" Vasquez asks. \"Apparently that's his mother.\" Sam says and everyone looks shocked. Red Harvest embraces the woman and she seems surprised to see him and eagerly embraces him back. Everyone retired their weapons and Red Harvest led her back to camp. \"The elders said that she should stay here because her destiny awaits her here.\" Sam translates to the group as Red Harvest's mother explains why she's here. \"What's her name?\" Vasquez asks. She tells them in Comanche. \"Prairie Flower.\" Sam says. \"Aw what a lovely name.\" Vasquez says and smiles at her. She seems a bit frightened but Red reassures his mother that these people are his friends and that they're friendly. Suddenly some men dragged a scared looking man into camp. \"He says he wants to see the Comanche.\" A man says and Red stands up and goes over to him, Sam follows to translate. \"Joseph suspects y'all.\" The man says in a soft voice. Everyone seems worried. \"He caught wind of someone planning something against him. He doesn't know exactly what y'all are doin' but he's got his men on guard.\" \"There goes our element of surprise.\" Sam says and sighs. \"He's the one who ratted you out!\" A little boy shouts from the crowd and points at him. It was Joshua and his sister Annie was next to him. The man cowers in fear. \"Josh and I saw the whole thing!\" Annie says and runs up to Red. \"Mr. Darling hired him to spy on you and Daisy. And he locked Daisy away in her room!\" Sam translated for him and Red looked angry at the man and grabbed his shirt. He was about to punch him. \"Wait don't! He's good now!\" Red turned to the little girl. \"Yeah, we saw Daisy send him over here to warn you all.\" Joshua says. Sam translates for Red and he lets go of the man's shirt. \"Are we really going to believe a couple of little kids?\" One of the men asks and Red Harvest looks at their pleading expressions. \"I believe them.\" He says in English. They smile and hug him. He smiles a bit and hugs them back. Everyone was shocked that Red was so good with kids. \"I need your help to free Daisy.\" He whispers to them and they look excited and nod. The three of them left early that morning on Red's horse. They hid it behind the barn, so no one would see it and they stealthily made their way towards the house from the corn field. He looks up at it and back at the kids. \"You sneak in, distract men. Take key, free Daisy.\" He tells them and they nod. \"Window by tree is her.\" He tells them in his broken English, since Sam wasn't there to translate for him. \"When you come out, I take care of rest.\" He says and with those vague instructions the kids run off towards the house. The kids knock on the door and a man opens it. \"And who are you?\" He asks, his hand on his gun. \"We're Abigail's kids.\" Joshua says and the man looks at the maid. She nods, understanding the situation by the looks on the kids faces. All the men were eating and drinking in the dining room. Joshua and Annie watched with curious faces, suddenly Annie spotted the key, hanging off of a man's hip at his holster. She pointed it out to her brother and he nodded. The two walked up to him and Joshua took his pastry off his plate. \"What're you doin' there little boy?\" The man asks and they laugh. He leans over to swipe the pastry back and that's when Annie takes the key from him and hides it behind her back. Joshua reaches for another, to keep them distracted as Annie backs up towards the stairs. She runs up once she's out of their view and makes her way down the hall towards Daisy's room. She unlocks the door and Daisy stands up when she sees the little girl smile at her. \"Red sent us in here to save you Miss Darling.\" She says softly and Daisy smiles and goes over to the little girl and hugs her. \"Thank y'all so much.\" She says and takes her hand and they both sneak quietly down towards the stairs. They carefully move past the dining room and Joshua makes sure to keep the men distracted by swiping various things of theirs and making them laugh at him, keeping their eyes off of the doorway. Once Daisy reaches the back door Annie comes in and tugs on her brother's sleeve. \"Miss Abigail wants our help out back.\" Annie tells him and Joshua nods. \"Alright Annie let's go.\" He says and hands a man his hat back. The men laugh as he goes and Daisy opens the door and the three of them sneak out. \"That little boy sure is something.\" One man says and brushes his hand by his gun and his eyes widen when he realizes the key is missing. \"Somethin' like the devil he got the key!\" \"Go behind the barn!\" Joshua whispers to her and they all make their way over there. \"Stop right there!\" A man says and the hired guns come out of the house and point at Daisy and the kids, aiming to shoot them. Suddenly he gets an arrow in his neck. Red appears from the roof of the house. \"How the hell did he get up there?!\" A man asks before he's shot. The men all start shooting at him and Daisy urges the kids to run to the horse with her. \"We'll bring him his getaway.\" She tells them. Red switched to his gun, not wanting to waste arrows on these men and shot each one like they were fish in a barrel. He had the high ground after all. But soon, more started pouring out of the house. He moved across the roof to the other side when he saw Daisy riding up with his horse. He shouted some things in Comanche to them to keep them distracted so they wouldn't see her riding up. A man coming out reached for his gun. \"Hey where's my-\" He gets shot in the leg by Joshua as Daisy rides by. \"Joshua where did you get a gun?\" She asks and the little boy gives her a sheepish smile and she rolls her eyes at him. Red climbs down the tree swiftly and jumps off of it and lands on his horse in front of Daisy and the kids. She moved them back to give him room. She wanted him to steer the horse since it's his and he has more experience with it. The men come around the corner and Red Harvest shoots at them some more. But he doesn't see one stick his rifle out a window and aim it at him. The man prepares to fire then screams as he's hit in the arm with an arrow and drops his rifle out the window. Annie catches it. Red turns around and finds Daisy with his bow. She smiles at him. \"Mind if I borrow it?\" She asks and he smiles at her before kicking his horse and they gallop off into the plains, back towards the camp that had become their base of operations. Sam smiles when he sees Red come back, Daisy had her arms wrapped around his waist and the kids were sitting in front of and behind her. Red halted the horse in front of them and smiled at his mother who had come to join Sam along with Vasquez and Emma and Teddy. Red helps the kids off first before Daisy dismounts and Red kisses her. His mother raised her eyebrows and called out to her son in her native tongue. He smiles and turns to her, taking Daisy's hand and leading her to his mother. He says something to her in Comanche and she seems a bit suspicious. \"What are they saying?\" Vasquez asks. \"She's asking him why he just risked his life and is very affectionate towards a white woman.\" Sam says. \"And he told her that she's a unique one and that they're in love.\" Red brought her up to his mother. \"Her name is Daisy.\" He tells his mother in Comanche. \"She is very kind and unlike anyone of her status I have ever met.\" He says and brushes a lock of golden hair from her face. \"Daisy. This is my Mother.\" He says in English and she seems surprised but smiles at her. \"It's lovely to meet you.\" Daisy says and holds out her hand to the woman. She seems unsure of what to do so Daisy just pulls her hand back. \"What's your name?\" She asks the woman and she looks confused. Sam translates for her and she says her name in Comanche. \"Prairie Flower. That's a beautiful name.\" Daisy says. \"Hey you two have something in common.\" Vasquez says. \"You're both named after flowers.\" Sam translates for the two Natives and they smile. A/N: I plan on having at least two or three more parts! And I will update sooner. Sorry for the long hiatus but I fell out of this fandom for a bit but I've decided I want to wrap up the story so I'll try to update sooner and hopefully I will finish before the end of the Summer![Chapter 9]  ","Summary":" It was night time. The campfire was dying out and Sam Chisolm was fixing up his sleeping mat to go "},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"The Magnificent Seven Oneshots","Author":"JaneApricity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12163214","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A woman stood in the camp outside of town. She was the only woman among the tents and camp-fires. And she was likely the only woman in the whole state armed with a bow and quiver of arrows. The men might've raised some eyebrows at the sight. But since she missed every shot, they were doubled over in laughter instead. \"What d'ya think yer doin'?\" One asked before taking another bite of beans. \"Practicing.\" Her voice was insecure. Any woman would be in the middle of that many men, surrounded by guns and approaching night-time. THUNK went the arrow. It was reassuringly sound, even if it didn't land in the middle. \"Well you sure ain't makin' babies like the good Lord planned,\" one man said crudely, eyes crinkling with laughter. His surrounding friends joined in, and one slapped his thigh. \"Not dressin' like one either.\" Sure enough, the woman was dressed in a man's duster, and her skirts were split for riding. \"The good Lord also said to drink in moderation,\" she said. \"And you're drunk as hell. And he said a man should have one wife, but I'll bet my bowler your friend in the vest is the same man outside Jenson's whore-house. Don't lecture me on what the good Lord planned for women.\" THUNK. \"And I won't lecture you on what the good Lord planned for men.\" A few more chuckled at the quick reply, but even more laughed at her next round of arrows. They all hit the target, but they were splayed out across the gunny sack of hay in every direction. The woman couldn't make a decent group for the life of her. And that's just what irked the amateur archer; her life could very well depend on her ability one day. The evening drew on into night without her getting much better. Some men rolled up in their tents for the night, others stayed to swap yarns, and a couple continued to watch her in amusement. \"Just what is the purpose of this, ma'am?\" asked one man, hat pulled over his face and boots propped on a saddle. \"You're not gettin' any better. Hide behind a pistol. Maybe you can scare an injun away with the bang.\" The woman sighed and lowered the bow, removing the arrow. \"If you asked any of these men how to shoot, would they deny you a lesson?\" She asked. l \"S'not me that needs the lesson,\" a man, little more than a boy, jeered. \"S'not what I asked,\" she shot back. \"If you asked one of these men how to shoot a bow and arrow, would they turn you away?\" \"Like as not,\" said the boy. \"Well they denied me.\" THUNK. \"Now who do you blame for my inadequacy?\" THUNK. \"You.\" The voice was not that of a white man. Sure enough, it was a native that rose from past a ruby fire. The red light danced on his face covered in- is that blood? she thought frantically. But no, it was only paint. \"Me?\" She asked, heart fluttering worriedly against her ribs. \"You did not ask me.\" The native man stepped over a sleeping cowboy, making his way towards the woman. \"You'll teach me?\" The man tapped her hand. \"Don't grip. You do not milk a cow.\" He uncurled her fingers. \"Loose.\" She loosened her hand. Then the man jabbed the bow towards her. It flattened out against her palm, thumb holding it into place. \"Tha-\" \"And no jerking. Draw.\" He made a graceful movement with his hand, sweeping it across his chest and then slowing as his fingers drew along his jawline, halting just behind the bone. \"Start down, draw up.\" The woman hesitated, then copied the movement, drawing the bowstring and fletching along her jaw. \"Well I'll be damned,\" said the man behind her. She could hear the leather of his boots rustling against the saddle leather. \"The injun's teachin' her.\" \"Loose,\" demanded the native man. \"Man loose one way. Man tense twenty ways. Be loose, shoot one way. Be tense, shoot twenty ways.\" The woman tried to loosen all her muscles, but her arm was strained from keeping the bow in place. It used unfamiliar muscles. \"Next time,\" said the Indian. \"Pull with back.\" He pressed his hand against her back. \"Strength here.\" He pressed her arm. \"Not here.\" Her fingers slipped at the contact, and the arrow loosed. It landed in the gunny sack. It still wasn't where she wanted; she hadn't thought to aim. But it flew a different way. \"Again.\" The voice was harsh. The woman noticed that all the others had fallen silent. She nocked an arrow and drew up the way the man had shown her, trying to fold her back in instead of yanking with her arm. \"Breath out,\" said the man. \"Eye where you want to hit.\" Elbow bent just enough that the string wouldn't scrape her skin clean off, the woman loosed her arrow. It flew straight, landing considerably closer to the center than she'd gotten all night save for flukes. The man nodded. Then he turned to sit back in his place. \"Thank you,\" said the woman. Her heart was still racing, but now with the adrenaline of a pure shot instead of fear. The man sat back down. \"Make your path different,\" he said. \"Shoot wicked men. Save good men. One way.\" The woman walked off with her memories, armed to make more. And Red Harvest sat, remembering his own.[Chapter 2] Goodnight Robicheaux, legend of the south. Running like a whipped dog, tail between his legs. Those men couldn't whip him; the former confederate soldier was still a marksman to be reckoned with. But Goodnight didn't feel like trying. His finger didn't feel like squeezing the trigger. No matter how he tried to convince it. I never should have left my set-up , he moaned to himself, mind flashing to his little arena where he collected bets on the gunfights. The men there respected him. They feared him. And they sure as hell wouldn't try to chase him. Something silver flew in front of his eyes. He stopped running instantly, boots skidding in the dust. He looked with wild eyes into the dark doorway where it had come from. Where was the bang? he wondered. My god, I've gone deaf to boot. \"Here,\" hissed a voice. \"Come.\" Goodnight was between a rock and a hard place. He could barely hear the angry men behind him over the hammering of his own heart. Fear blinded his peripheral vision, constricted his throat. He couldn't cry out, and he wasn't sure if he could outrun them. Defeated, he charged into the doorway. A hand slammed into his shoulder. Goodnight went sprawling against a wall, slumping against the dusty floorboards. A figure stood in the shadows, beyond the meager moonlight coming through the doorway. \"You run?\" asked the voice. It was Asian; Goodnight could tell that much. \"Seems they didn't like my way of gamblin',\" said Goodnight, fighting off his panic. His voice was smooth as ever. But talk's easy. The men were getting closer. They were swearing like devils, calling out the \"confederate coward\". They didn't know how right they were. How every shot he'd taken in that war had been fear, not bravery. Goodnight reached for his gun. He didn't want to do this. He hated doing this. But the men were rounding the corner, ready to shoot him in cold blood. Silent. The Asian's attack didn't make a sound. The only sound was that of a man screaming. A body falling. More men shouting. Thud thud thud. Goodnight gaped up at the man standing in the moonlight. He was Asian alright, with long hair pulled back away from his face and wispy bits growing on his chin and lips. His eyes were still, body poised. No bang , Goodnight thought. Then he saw the knives. \"My god,\" he remarked, heart suddenly calm. The man turned to look at Robicheaux. \"No. Billy Rocks. That is my name here.\" Billy watched the man he had saved, and Goodnight seized up his savior. \"I don't suppose you're lookin' for work?\" Goodnight asked.[Chapter 3] The woman pressed her temple against the white-washed wall, peering through the slit between the door and it's frame. The men had surrounded the barn- her barn. Damn them , she thought. Damn them all to hell. With a grimace, she twisted and pulled a bow and quiver off the wall. She had no bullets for the only gun in the house. The arrows would be her one salvation. But I can still never shoot them all , she thought. Just as Red Harvest had taught her, she nocked her arrow and drew it up to her chin. The tip just poked out of the door-frame, trained on a man in a red shirt. She loosed the arrow before her muscles had time to get tired, before she had time to think about if killing a man would really change her life forever like people had always told her. The arrow-head sank into the man's back, and he slumped against the barn wall. His partners cried out, looking for natives. My one advantage , she thought. She was white enough and a woman to boot; they likely wouldn't think she'd done it. Eyes skipping over the dead man's body- think about that later, not now- the woman nocked another arrow and loosed it into the chest of a bewildered looking Mexican man. She could see the whites of his eyes growing in shock before he fell over. Oh Lord have mercy on me. I have to protect myself, don't I? Her throat twitched as her eyes began to mist over. Damn it! Damn it all, now how will I aim... She fumbled with another arrow, aware of the man growing increasingly close to the house. She nocked it, then raised it through the door. He began to run. Fingers shaking, she loosed. But the arrow hit the corner of the door, and it only sliced the man's hip. She doubted he could even feel it through his belt and jeans. Her next arrow clattered to the floor and she backed away, hand reaching for a window-latch. The door burst open, a tan rancher standing in the opening. Then the rancher fell on his face, arrow sprouting from between his shoulder blades. Stomach feeling like mashed potatoes left out overnight, the woman nocked an arrow, stepping slowly into the door frame to see the archer. The native american had an arrow nocked as well, his red-painted face unchanged from the dark night when he had taught her how to shoot. \"Four more,\" he said, his accented voice flat and undaunted. \"Who are you?\" the woman asked, shocked. It wasn't the most useful question for the situation, but in that moment, the native was like an angel to her. His mouth twisted down in a frown. \"Red Harvest.\" He moved into her little cabin, looking out the door. \"They come. Shoot.\" Fear gave way to shock, and shock morphed into a feeling of confidence. Fingers suddenly still, the woman nocked another arrow, standing beside Red Harvest. Moments later, four more bodies were littered across her yard. A final arrow slithered to the floor. \"Better shooting,\" Red Harvest said, tone laced with satisfaction. There was something removed to his presence, as most white people commented of the natives, but he still had a fiery, almost hot-headed look to his eyes. \"You saved me.\" The woman leaned on her table, eyes dropping to the dead man in her doorway. Bastard . \"They want to shoot you. I know you. Not them.\" Even though the man hadn't asked for an explanation, the woman felt obliged to give it. \"It's my father. Or was. He left me the farm and... they don't like the idea of a woman with this much land. Especially a half-breed like me. My mother was from Mexico, see. And there was the incident in town and... well, they were already prejudiced against me...\" \"Prejudice.\" The word was a simple one, but the way Red Harvest said it made it sound like it was on fire in his mouth.[Chapter 4] Vasquez had been on the run for far too long. Of course, he'd said the same thing when he was only sixteen and on the run for three years. But that was the life he'd chosen, and he'd stuck by it for nearly twelve years now. He turned on his heel, shoulder-blade slamming onto the wooden slats of the door-frame. This hut was hardly any protection at all; the wood was so rotten, a bullet could plow through it like butter. Dammit , he thought, reloading his six-gun. What he wouldn't give for a rifle, or a sawed-off shotgun. Revolvers were not his favorite. CRACK! Another bullet spun through the air, followed by the thud of a man falling from his horse. Vasquez gave a laugh, eyes crinkling. He didn't always react that way to killing someone; only when they'd tried to kill him first. Another horse came tearing through the trees, far enough away that Vasquez couldn't keep from firing into a trunk, but close enough that outlaw wouldn't be surprised if a bullet was fired into him . He swore again, backing into the shed. A fly buzzed near his head, shattering his concentration. His boots shuffled on the floorboards, dirt scraping loudly. Would that fly Cállate ?! The horse's hooves thundered closer, branches cracking at the weight of the beast and it's rider. Then everything fell silent as his eyes fell on corpse propped against the wall. Vasquez swallowed, a bead of sweat tracing it's way down his temple and into his beard. But in the place of the unnamed man, Vasquez saw a woman. Wrinkles lined her dark eyes, each one outlined with blood. Rivulets dripped down her unseeing face. Vasquez had abandoned his mother's corpse, leaving it to rot against that wall. Muerto y solo . Dead and alone. All because Vasquez could not save her. I will not end up like him, dead and alone in some shed in the woods. Vasquez flipped the second revolver from his belt and cocked it into place with it's twin. With broad steps, he went out the door, firing both at once. CRACK CRACK click click CRACK CRACK click click CRACK CRACK . Thud . Vasquez watched the rider slide sideways off his horse and into the brush. With a smile, he spun the six-guns and slid them back into their holsters. Those revolvers are my favorite , he thought.[Chapter 5] Goodnight Robicheaux hadn't thought of Billy Rocks for weeks. The former confederate soldier had been too busy keeping up his former legends. They were his one protection now that his finger couldn't squeeze the trigger of a gun. It was ironic. Goodnight couldn't have used a rifle to save his life, and yet his fame with one was just what did that. But there Billy Rocks was, forgotten or not, sitting at the bar. Or maybe he was standing... Goodnight couldn't tell. The man was about as tall either way. \"A drink,\" Billy repeated quietly. \"I said we don't serve your kind, Chinaman,\" growled the bartender. \"Now scat.\" Goodnight hesitated. He owed the little man his life; surely he could help him get a drink. But before he could call out to the bartender, a burly man stood up. \"This ching-chong botherin' you, Alan?\" asked the man, looking from Billy to the bartender. \"They always do,\" Alan replied. Goodnight stood up. \"Now listen here gentleman,\" he said. \"What does it hurt you to give the man a drink?\" Alan and the burly man both looked at Goodnight. \"I don't serve Asians,\" Alan snapped. \"You do now,\" said Goodnight serenely. \"Who are you to tell me who I do and don't serve?\" demanded the bartender. \"Goodnight Robicheaux, at your service.\" \"So sorry sir!\" said the bartender, eyes wide. \"I didn't realize. I'll pour 'im a drink right off...\" The scene that played out in Goodnight's mind was a lot different from the one in real life. Another man stood up. Yelling started. Billy was lost among the tall, muscular bodies. Then the tall, muscular bodies all fell away, leaving one, small Asian man holding knives in their place. My god , thought Goodnight. He's a devil in man's clothing. Threat gone, Goodnight found himself able to stand. Coward. He walked up to the bar, reached over it, and took out a bottle and two glasses. \"Well done,\" said Goodnight, pouring Billy a glass of whiskey. The man was silent, looking down at the blood-spattered bodies at his feet. All of them. It was impossible. Goodnight remembered battles with less bloodshed. \"Prejudice,\" Billy muttered, taking the glass. \"Tricky to navigate,\" Goodnight said in agreement, lifting his own whiskey. \"But I could help.\" \"You? Help me?\" Billy looked up, strangely-shaped eyes intent. \"I'm not so useless as I was that one night. I've got a reputation, if nothin' else.\" Goodnight found himself bothered by Billy's disbelief in him. \"Navigate the white man's prejudice,\" Billy echoed, taking a drink. \"Why?\" \"Because you are someone to befriend,\" Goodnight said, looking down at the bodies at his feet. Like the people he'd shot. Like the person he could've been. The people who would be if he could pull. The damn. Trigger . He mentally shook away his thoughts, looking back at Billy. Who was watching him very, very closely. Then Billy nodded. \"Agreed.\" Goodnight couldn't help but wonder what the man had seen in his eyes. The terror? The cowardice? The fear? The voices that were always screaming, begging to not be shot, consumed by the fires of war? And looking at the bodies on the ground, so easily laid low, Goodnight couldn't help but wonder if Billy heard them too.[Chapter 6] Goodnight Robicheaux leaned his head against the knotted wooden planks behind him, chair creaking angrily under his weight. He could barely hear it over the sound of his breath, wheezing like an old man's. A half smile started, lips trembling, before sinking back into a grimace. Sweat rolled down his cheek. Blood. Oh lord, there's so much blood on him. A weight. Bodies. A body. Just a boy, eyes blank. Probably a farmer. Not a fighter. Except it wasn't the body of a young rebel soldier. It was the hand of Red Harvest, the man's dark face very close to Robicheaux's. \"What's that, there?\" Goodnight asked, trying to keep his voice level and a smile on his face. \"If you said somethin', I didn't quite make it out.\" Red Harvest only looked at him. \"You got somethin' to say, boy?\" Goodnight asked. His shoulder hurt under the pressure of Red Harvest's hand. \"Owl.\" Oh lord. \"An owl,\" said Goodnight, deadpanned. Deadpan was easy. So much easier than keeping up a laugh every day. Goodnight used to laugh every day, and he'd make all the people around him laugh too. Now only one person kept his laugh constant, but Billy was gone with Faraday to inspect more buildings. \"Pia Mupitsi,\" said Red Harvest. \"What now?\" Goodnight's brows drew together. He could feel his panic attack sliding away. Lord he hated those. \"Pia Mupitsi. Big owl. Pia Mupitsi eats children who act like evil men.\" Goodnight's throat closed up. His hands were trembling in his lap, a bead of sweat sliding down his cheek. His shoulder was aching. \"D'you think I was talkin' about your Pia Mupitsi?\" Goodnight asked. Red Harvest was silent for a moment before replying. \"I think if you did, you would not be so scared.\" With that, Red Harvest lifted his hand and walked away. Pia Mupitsi , Goodnight thought. I've got my own evil-devourin' owl. He looked down at his trembling hands. Well Pia. You won this fight. He stood to saddle his horse and apologize to Billy.[Chapter 7] \"Well... yes, him too,\" the woman said with a frown. \"All of these men work for the man who runs the general store, actually. They make his deliveries from the other towns and such.\" \"He wants your land.\" \"Everyone wants my land,\" she said with a bitter laugh. \"Life'd be easier if I'd just sell it.\" The woman looked around at the land. She looked at the little farm house where she'd been born, and the farm where she'd worked all her life. She looked at the barn where she and her little brother would play before the Lord took him too. She ought to just sell the place. But she couldn't bear the thought of this patch of earth in the hands of that Turner man. Sentimentality will be my death , she thought. \"You fight for this land,\" Red Harvest said. \"My path is to fight for land.\" He began to walk away. The woman blinked. Then she took a few steps after him. \"Your path is to fight for land? But this land isn't even yours!\" \"Evil men want what other people have. It is my path to stop them. This time, I do it alone,\" said the native man. \"I stop store man.\" \"You can't just kill him,\" the woman protested. \"He kill you.\" \"I... I suppose he would. How could such a man exist?\" She didn't like that thought. Rather than ponder it, she nudged the body of the man in front of her with the toe of her boot. His head gave way easily to the pressure, lolling to the side unnaturally. \"Such men always exist,\" Red Harvest said. \"Bogue. Travers. Store man.\" \"Live for, live by, kill for, kill on. That's what my mom used to say about land.\" Red Harvest appeared to be done with her philosophical musings. He stepped over the body and out the door. Oh lord . The woman's eye flew wide. He's actually going to kill Mr. Cann. She moved after him, shouldering her quiver of arrows and pausing to remove one from a body as the native man entered her barn. \"How will you do it? Kill Mr. Cann? The whole town could very well turn on you.\" \"You asked him to stop?\" \"Yessir,\" she said. \"He's a bit determined.\" \"Then I shoot him.\" The woman paused, looking at the hot-headed young man. \"And if I hadn't asked him? Would you have stabbed him instead?\" \"I ask him.\" The woman was smiling to herself as they continued walking towards the town. \"How did you know I needed your help anyways? Surely you haven't been following me all these months.\" She remembered stories her father used to tell about the \"injuns\" watching white folk by spying through the eyes of the animals. He loved telling stories about the supernatural and superstitious. \"My family is in the town,\" Red Harvest said. \"I wanted to hunt. The woods took me here.\" \"How coincidental. And lucky, for me.\" \"My path.\" She studied him. He had a bold profile, full of angular edges and flat tones. But his eyes were sharp and showed how strongly he seemed to feel about things, even if his mouth rarely moved. He had noticed the important things. He noticed that she needed help with archery, not that she ought to not be doing it in the first place. He noticed that she needed help in that moment, not that she was helpless. He didn't notice her split skirts or lack of husband, but he did notice that she was a land-owner and being hounded by an evil man. She wondered what people noticed about him. Did they notice the temper behind the serene face? Did they notice the reason behind his killings? Did they notice the man behind the native, as he had noticed the human behind a girl?[Chapter 8] You slide the glass down the bar, watching the golden brown liquid splash around inside. It comes to a stop in the greasy paw of a very big man with a leering grin that you don't like at all. \"Drink up, Thomas,\" you tell him, trying to keep your voice conversational instead of alluring. It was a late Friday night, and you wanted him gone. Thomas threw back his head, swallowing the drink in one go. \"Thanks, darling,\" he said, slamming the glass back down on the counter. Do they think that impresses us? you wonder to yourself as you take back the glass. \"So...\" he said, voice slurring slightly. \"Whaddya say I buy the next drink for you?\" He drummed his thick fingers on the wooden countertop, eyes definitely not on your face. \"No thanks, Thomas.\" Thomas frowned. \"I want to buy you a drink,\" he repeats. \"Not interested in a drink or you,\" you say, wiping down the counter. Thomas snatches your wrist. \"I wanna buy your damn drink!\" he insists. \"Thomas, you let go of me right this instant .\" Thomas yanks hard on your wrist, pulling you up enough that you're now half-lying on the counter. You try to roll over and get back to safety, but he grabs your hair. \"We's the only ones in here, darling,\" he hisses. \"Why don't you just say yes and let me buy you a dri-\" Thomas stops. He frowns, and then his eyes widen. You yank back your wrist and drive your palm up into his nose, scrambling back. Blood spurts out of his face and across the counter. Thomas turns, and you see more blood coming out of his back. A single knife handle protrudes from his lower back. \"You're not the only ones in here,\" says an unfamiliar voice. You look past Thomas where an asian man is standing, another knife in his gloved hands. Thomas falls to the floor with a jangle of spurs and thud of leather. You let out a breath, leaning into the cabinets of glasses behind you. \"Thank you,\" you say to the man. \"Thank you... very much.\" The man nods, eyes on Thomas before flitting up to meet yours. \"Er... what's your name? Can I get you a drink?\" You would offer anything to the man who may have saved you from something very nasty indeed. \"Billy Rocks,\" he says, walking across the saloon slowly, as though not to frighten her. \"And I would love one.\" You smile. Now this was a good way to spend a late Friday night.[Chapter 9] As requested by the girl from Wattpad with an unfortunately forgettable username. \"That Indian looks outa place, don't he, Miss?\" said Trevor. Trevor was generally a nice kid. He'd run messages for you over town for some penny candy. \"He does,\" you say. \"He could use a welcome.\" You move around the counter to greet him. \"That ain't what I meant!\" hissed the boy. \"I meant he don't belong!\" You were aware of what Trevor meant, but you didn't intend on paying him any mind. \"Welcome to the goods store,\" you say to the Native American. He looked at you, and you wondered if maybe you should be intimidated after all. He IS big. And strong too. You find yourself wondering who those hands might have killed. He nods at you after a long moment of studying your face. You can feel your cheeks go hot. \"Er... do you have a name, sir?\" you ask. Someone comes into the shop behind you, but you ignore them for the time being, afraid of disrespecting the man in front of you. \"I am Red Harvest,\" he says in a deep voice. Then he turns back to a shelf he's looking at. You don't even see the merchandise; your eyes are locked on Red Harvest. \"I'm-\" \"Miss!\" says a grating voice from behind you. \"I need your help.\" You turn to see Mrs. Tews, a lady you've known all your life. She's motioning frantically, offering a way away from the dangerous injun in your store. \"I'm sorry, Mrs. Tews. I'm helping Red Harvest,\" you say. Her jaw all but drops. When you turn, he's looking at you with sharp eyes. Everything about him is sharp. His jaw, his hairline, the arrows he's probably killes with... \"You want to help me?\" His voice is quiet. He looks past you at Mrs. Tews, judging the situation. \"You were here first.\" Are your cheeks as red as they feel? He looks back down at you, then asks, \"What color?\" With a start, you look at the shelf and find it's the one with all the ribbons. You wonder what on earth he wants ribbons for. Decorate a horse mane? Hang with feathers from his hair? You can't even imagine, and you have no facts; only stories told in saloons after too many drinks. \"This one looks good with nearly everything,\" you say, lightly laying a finger on a red ribbon, thinking of his name. Red Harvest nods and takes the small spool. \"One,\" he says. You take the ribbon slowly and bring it to the counter, cutting off a decent length. Before you can wonder if the Native can pay, he sets down the money. Cheeks flushed with embarrassment at your assumptions, you pass the ribbon to him, laying the smooth fabric in his rough hands. You put the money in the register, but when you straighten, you're surprised to find Red Harvest still standing there. \"Do yo- oh.\" He hands the ribbon to you. You take it gently, then watch the large man walk out of the shop and vanish from view. \"Well I never!\" breathed Mrs. Tews. Trevor swore, and the lady cuffed the back of his head. You dart around the counter and look out the shop window, but Red Harvest is no where in sight. Whenever you see the color red, you remember the Native American in your shop who bought you a ribbon as red as your blush, as red as his name, and as red as your feelings long after he'd vanished.[Chapter 10] This one has been much-requested, so I bumped it in the queue. Next up is a Billy Rocks x OC, a oneshot for my much-neglected Jack Horne, and then a guest appearance by Steve McQueen and Yul Brenner while I go back to the 1960 movie! Time passes, as it always does. People give birth, people bury the dead, people go to sleep then wake up to work. But your life hasn't quite been the same, pass though it may. For one thing, people began to whisper about the Injun's girl. The girl with the red ribbon. The whispers die down as the time goes on, of course, but you never minded them. You always hoped he would return and prove them right. You want to talk to him. You want to explain why you were afraid, but why fears and legends didn't stop you from treating him like any other customer. You want to really see HIM, not just his hairline or his clothing or his paint. Bit just as time passes, so life settles down and routine resumes. You still wear the ribbon, if as nothing more than a reminder of the strange day, but you no longer jump each time your doorstep is darkened by a large form. And, as though he was waiting for just that moment, Red Harvest enters the shop. You know as soon as the door is pushed open but is followed by a soft padding in the place of a boot's thud and clank. You turn, breath caught in your throat. \"Red Harvest.\" The man's face cracks a grin-a strange sight to you. \"You remember me.\" Your fingers drift to your braid, tied with the red ribbon. \"I couldn't forget.\" Suddenly, you feel sort of silly for putting so much thought and time into a simple gesture. But why would he have bought nothing else that time? Now that Red Harvest is here in front of you, you begin to second-guess the gossip that became second-nature. Red Harvest holds out a hand. \"Can I?\" You don't know what he's asking. Does he want to buy something? To have the ribbon back? Everything feels ridiculous and disjointed. You simply nod. Red Harvest touches your braid. He feels the ribbon, before his fingers drift up. Then they're on your jaw, on your chin. You watch one another. You're far from scared this time, and he seems to be only concerned with not offending you. With a surreal feeling, you touch your fingertips to the back of his hand. You're standing so-very close now. \"Can I?\" he asks again, lowering his face slightly. \"Yes,\" you reply. And then he kisses you. A short kiss. A simple kiss. But one that's flaming red. He pulls back to see your grin, and there's a smile tugging at his lips in turn. \"Thank you,\" he says. The words would feel out of place, but nothing is quite normal now. And you have the feeling that nothing will be normal for you again. ","Summary":" A woman stood in the camp outside of town. She was the only woman among the tents and camp-fires. A"},{"Movie":"From Dusk Till Dawn","Title":"From Dusk Till Dawn: Seth & Kate","Author":"Georgefan2017","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12337211","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: this is an erotic romance between Kate and Seth from the movie from dusk till dawn I have 9 chapters written in total but am still tweaking them have posted 2 chapters to start. Cover photo - this is how I imagine seth to look in chapter 8 (still to come) please leave feedback! Chapter 1 Seth stood and looked at Kate. the amount of guilt he felt for bringing her family to the Titty twister was more than he could bare but all he could do was say sorry. As he walked towards his car Kate said: 'Seth, you need some company?' His mind thought on this for a moment, he had lost his brother and Kate was the only human in this world he gave a damn about. That's why he knew he couldn't take her with him. 'Kate do you know where I am going do you know what el Rey is? She shook her head, and said 'No' 'Go home Kate'. He said opening the door to his red sports car 'Seth, I can't go home how can I explain what happened to them?' He looked up at her, she was right how could she go home and explain where her brother and father were. 'I can't take you to el Rey Kate, it is too dangerous, especially for a girl your age.' She looked at him with a teary expression 'I think after what I have just been through I can take care of myself Seth, it can't be anymore dangerous than a bar full of vampires!' Seth did not know what to do, she made a good point they had just fought their way out of there together. 'I shouldn't take you to El Ray Kate, but if you really want to come you can, but don't say I didn't warn you' Kate's face lit up as she walked over to him and wrapped her arms around him 'thank you Seth' he wrapped his arms around her in return for a moment 'Ok cut the mushy stuff go get what you need from the RV.' 'Can't I just drive the RV and follow you?' 'I don't think Carlos would like that, the motorhome will slow us down.' Kate looked sad at the prospect of leaving her father's motorhome in the desert. 'Ill come and help you.' She nodded and walked towards the RV with Seth following her. Kate's mind was all over the place. Was she doing the right thing by going with Seth? The man that had kidnapped her whole family and lead them in to the hell hole they just fought their way out of. She knew he did not know it was full of vampires and he had lost his brother too, but she also knew that despite this she should hate him. 'Kate come on don't just stand there get a move on, Carlos is not very patient.' She quickly packed all her clothes in to a bag and looked for some mementos she wanted to keep of her brother and father. 'Kate you finished?' She nodded her head as they exited the motorhome. 'lock it up, if you really want maybe some point you can come back and get it.' She nodded not really believing it to be true Carlos was waiting with an agitated look 'come on, what is going on?' 'I'm bringing Kate with me Carlos I can't leave her on her own out here.' 'OK but can we get going now!' Seth nodded as the two of them got in to the red Porsche and followed Carlos on to the road. Kate sat in the passenger's seat of Seth's Porsche exhausted but not able to sleep because of all the thoughts going through her mind. The one thing that was eating away at her the most was had she done the right thing by insisting that she go with Seth? She really was not sure yet and despite being asked if she knew what El Rey was Seth had never enlightened her to where they were actually going. Although she was curious she could not bring herself to even ask him. They had been in silence since the moment they pulled out of the Titty Twister car park. She had barely even stole a glance towards him since then although she had felt his eye's on her more than once. Seth was trying to focus solely on the road in front of him. He felt tired and confused, should he have let Kate come with him? He did not know. He kept going through all the options he could have left her alone in the Mexican desert or let her come with him. Surely it was better that he was around to protect her and that she was not on her own, but deep down he knew there had been a third option. He could have sacrificed his trip to El Rey and gone with Kate in the motorhome somewhere far away where the cops would not find them and not take Kate to a criminal haven. He felt very guilty that he had dragged her in to his life, but then she desperately wanted to come with him and he did warn her so surely it is not his fault! It had been silent for over one hour and a half and he could see that Kate's mind was busy too, she had not even looked at him from the moment they had left the Titty Twister. Enough was enough he needed to break the silence. 'Look Kate, I am really sorry about what happened back there.' He said looking at her. She did not look his way and uttered the words 'you don't need to apologise, it was not your fault.' 'Why did you want to come with me?' he said looking at her with a questioning look she shrugged her shoulders and did not give him an answer. This frustrated Seth 'fuck sake Kate I feel like you are saying it is not my fault but you do blame me don't you? I would expect you to anyway, but I have lost the one and only person that I cared about on this godforsaken planet. I did not want this to happen, I expected us all to part this morning you and your family off in the motor home and me and Richie driving down to El Rey.' Kate could sense he was frustrated with not giving him a proper answer but the truth was she did not know why she had wanted to go with him. 'I am sorry Seth I am just not really feeling right, I don't think everything has sunk in and my mind won't stop replaying what happened. All I can think of is could we have done different so all of us ended up alive.' Seth instantly felt bad for the angry tone he had taken with Kate 'You couldn't have done anything different, neither of us could. We all fought as hard as we could to nail those son's of bitches. There were too many of them though and we were just lucky that Carlos showed up when he did, otherwise we would both be one of them.' She nodded and looked away 'Kate, you know if it hadn't been for you the four legged beast would have ripped me apart. I would not be here if it wasn't for you killing that thing.' She looked at him unsure of why he said that, he seemed to have a strange look on his face. 'that's why I know I owe you Kate and I am going to make sure I keep you safe down in El Rey, you've got nothing to worry about.' Again she looked away pondering what El Rey was going to be like and they fell back in to silence.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Carlos pulled over in to what looked like a Mexican version of a diner, they had been driving for about 6 hours now. Kate was hungry but did not feel like she could really eat, she had fallen asleep for the last few hours of the journey but still felt exhausted. Seth's voice pulled her from her daze 'Looks like we are stopping here for some food, let's go I'm fucking starving.' She nodded and followed Seth in to the diner, it was very quiet inside and all she could think is what if the people that run this place are vampires, she knew she was being silly but surely the ones they had come across were not the only ones in Mexico. 'Come on Kate sit down!' Seth said She quickly did what he said and sat down next to Seth. Carlos and Seth began chatting, about what exactly Kate was not sure. She was still in a daze and was not really all there. 'Kate what do you want to eat?' Everyone including the waitress was starring at her she had not even realised the waitress had come over to take their order 'I don't know if I can eat right now.' She said in a quiet tone. 'You have to eat something Kate.' Seth insisted 'fine, Ill have the nachos then please.' She said totally disinterested in food but never loosing her manners as Carlos translated her order to the waitress she again went back in to a daze. It took about 20 minutes for the food to arrive, when it did she just picked at it, as she had told Seth she did not think she could eat and she was right. The men were chatting away while she sat not really present, she was still in shock and she knew she had not yet been able to grieve over her father and brother's death. Not only that but she would never be able to bury them or say a proper goodbye with a proper burial and grave that she could visit. At these thoughts she began to feel the tears well up in her eyes so she got up excusing herself to go to the bathroom. She walked in to the bathroom not noticing the sadistic markings she had seen in the titty twister bathroom also. She began to cry sobbing quietly to herself. She did not know how long she was in there until suddenly she heard a bang at the door and Seth's voice 'Kate are you OK?' he said in a worried but also frustrated tone. She tried to speak and say yes she would be out in a minute but nothing came out. 'Kate?' even more worry in his voice than before and the frustration less obvious. Still she tried to speak and nothing came out she could not stop herself from crying no matter how hard she tried. He burst in to the bathroom after no answer to either of his enquiries and saw her there sitting on a stool sobbing. 'Kate why wouldn't you answer me? I was worried something had happened to you. You know you have been in here for 20 minutes?' He had not realised yet that she was crying she was looking down and her hair created a wall around her face. Seth walked towards her and said 'Kate look at me' She looked up at him with red puffy cheeks, tears spilling down her face. He instinctively picked her up on to her feet and held her as she cried in to his chest. 'I know it is tough, you haven't yet been able to properly grieve for them.' She stood there in his arms sobbing in to his chest making his top wet for what seemed like a very long time, neither of them saying anything, and despite not knowing whether she hated Seth or not she felt safe in his arms. Seth broke the silence and the hug 'Kate, Carlos wants to hit the road. I got the waitress to bag up your nachos as you barely touched them.' She nodded 'You ready to go now or you want a couple of minutes?' She looked at him for a moment, 'can I have a minute just to pull myself together?' she said in a feeble voice. 'Sure, just don't be too long. Carlos doesn't like waiting. Also I need to fill the car up with gas and I think Carlos will need to also so we will be next door'. She nodded and went in to the stall to get some tissue and clean herself up. It had killed Seth to see Kate the way she was but he could not understand why his instinct was to hug her. He was not really the hugging kind of guy, but when he saw the pain she was in perhaps because he knew it was his fault he instinctively had to hold her. The guilt was still plaguing him and he knew there was no way of ridding himself of this feeling, it had happened and there was no going back to change it. 'She said she will be a few minutes. it has been really tough on her loosing her family.' Carlos looked at him with a frustrated look 'fine well she better not be any longer than that, or she can stay here'. Seth always thought if himself as a cold hearted bastard but Carlos was even more cold hearted than him. 'right I'm going to get some gas and some supplies from the shop next door before we head off' Seth said. Carlos nodded 'we need to get some gas too'. Seth was standing by his Porsche filling it up when he noticed four SUV's with blacked out windows coming down the road in convoy. His immediate though was fuck the FBI has found him! He quickly put back the fuel pump and made his way in to the shop hoping that the cars just passed by. As he watched from inside the gas station he saw the four cars slow down and one by one turn in to the car park. Fuck! They have found me he thought. His mind was suddenly brought back to Kate, what if this turns in to a shoot out he can't have her caught in the middle of this. Just as he thought that she appeared from the restaurant and headed over to the shop. 'Kate over here' he half whispered have spoke these words. She looked over at him with a puzzled look. 'what you doing down there?' she said walking towards him 'I think the fuzz are here, look out there four SUV's with blacked out windows.' She looked out and as she gazed upon the SUV's a horrible dark feeling hit her. 'Seth, what if it's not the cops?' she said worry gripping her voice. 'what do you mean?' 'What if they have found us?' she said in a cryptic and dazed tone. 'who Kate?' he said starting to get frustrated. 'The vampires, I saw some similar markings in the bathroom of the restaurant the same as in the Titty Twister.' 'what and you didn't think to mention that?!' he said in an angry tone. 'we are bound to have pissed them off, we killed a lot of them back there. Who is to say they aren't going to be after us now.' She had a point for the first time Seth forced himself to think something he had been trying to block from his mind. That those vampires were almost certainly not the only ones on this earth or in Mexico. 'they would need blacked out cars because the sun can kill them.' She said still in a worried dazed voice. 'Kate I need you to pull yourself together, I don't feel like you are really with me here and if it is vampires then we are probably going to have to fight our way out of here!' he said gripping her shoulders and looking in to her eyes. She nodded and said 'what's the plan then?' suddenly he realised something 'where is Carlos?' 'I don't know I thought he was in here with you?' 'no he never came in here.' Seth's mind began race, wait what is the chance he thought of Carlos leading him to two vampire hide outs? 'Shit, Carlos is one of them!' Seth said again in a whispered tone 'what how do you know that?' Kate said looking at him puzzled. 'What is the chance of Carlos leading us not once but twice in to vampire hide outs?' 'But that doesn't make any sense he doesn't explode in the sunlight!' 'That's true, well maybe he is working with them then?' She looked at him and he saw as her face began to turn from worried to down right scared. 'Right let's act normal. We will buy some provisions in here, walk out towards the Porsche as if everything is fine.' She looked at him unsure of the plan 'But Seth we don't have any weapons, what if they are vampires and they attack?' 'If we sense an attack coming we need to head for the restaurant, we can find weapons in there that we can use, OK?' he said 'OK… I can't believe we are going through it again. I can't loose you too!' She said with a worried look on her face. Seth understood she did not want to be on her own but she should hate his guts for dragging her in to this. 'That ain't going to happen princess.' He said trying to reassure her. She nodded and they quickly picked up some supplies as they knew that if they got out of there OK they would not want to stop for a while and risk getting caught out again. With two bags in his arms Seth slowly pushed the door open with Kate behind him who was shaking like a leaf at the prospect of more vampires attacking them. Carlos was no where to be seen and his car had gone so either he did not like the look of the SUV's either and he took off or he had lead them in to a second trap. Suddenly Seth noticed that it was not far off getting dark and he realised at this point that Kate was right. 'Shit I have just realised what they are waiting for!' almost as though she had read his mind 'dusk' she said in a shaken voice. 'Kate if we can get in the car and get out of here quick I don't think we will have to face them, but we will have to loose them.' She nodded as they quickly made their way to the Porsche. Both of them threw the bags in to the back seat and jumped in quickly. Seth put the roof up quickly and started the engine, he looked at Kate as said 'ready?' she nodded as he put his foot down and raced out of the car park back on to the road. 'I am not sure whether we got ourselves worked up, they aren't following yet' he said perhaps too quickly as he heard her voice 'Seth!... they are following us!' he looked in the rear view mirror to see that She was right and they were not going slow. 'Well let's see whether they can keep up with a Porsche' he said 'hold on tight' She nodded as he put his foot down and began to pull away. She could see the lights of the SUV begin to fade in to the distance as he sped away from them and she felt a wave of relief wash over her. 'do you think we have lost them?' Kate said In a hopeful tone. 'I am not sure.' As it began to get darker they both were on edge. Suddenly from out of no where two cars were parked blocking the road with lights on, as they came to a halt they realised it was Carlos. 'Shit, so he went on ahead incase I tried to loose them.' he said almost to himself 'what are we going to do?' she said panic had hit her again. 'Look he does not know that I know he is a vampire, all we have to do is play the fbi card and ask him if he got out of there quick too because he spotted them OK?' She nodded 'also there is only three of them if it goes south we can take them can't we?' again she nodded but with a feeling of dread in her stomach. 'Hey Carlos, thanks for leaving us back there with the fuzz!' Seth said in a very natural way, Kate realized at this point Seth was very good at acting. 'Did you spot them and then take off? They followed us but luckily this bad boy got us away.' 'Yes amigo sorry to have left you like that but we couldn't hang around with the FBI/CIA or whoever the fuck they were right there. They were obviously looking for you Gecko.' 'Yeah well we did make a bit of a stir up in the US well more Richie than me but they are out for blood.' Carlos grinned at this remark a very creepy grin which gave both of them a sick feeling in their stomachs. Seth turned towards his car and said 'Right well should we head off and carry on to El Rey?' 'I am afraid not Gecko, you have now got away from two of my traps, you won't get away from this one. Besides there is no such place as El Rey.' Carlos said as Seth turned round he was looking in to three very unusual faces similar to the ugly godforsaken beasts he had encountered in the Titty Twister but at the same time different. 'Fuck! Kate back to the car quick!' They both ran back to the Porsche and got in, he was fumbling to get the key in the ignition. 'Quick Seth Quick they will rip right through the roof.' Just in the nick of time he got the key in to the ignition and reversed the car back about to make a u turn when Kate pointed out 'Seth we can't go back that way the SUV's will almost be on our tail.' Shit she was right all he could do was take the Porsche off road and round the two cars blocking the road. 'OK Kate hold on tight this is going to be bumpy. Knowing immediately what he planned to do she nodded and gripped on to the door handle and said 'go for it!' he revved the engine and drove the car off the road skidding as it hit the uneven dusty surface. He got round the two cars as he saw the three vampires scramble to get in to their cars to follow. 'you know you don't have your lights on right?' she questioned in a very shaky voice. 'Yes, I don't want them to be able to see where I am'. She nodded 'Good idea' she said quietly. Right I have my foot to the floor and I ain't taking it off till we have well and truly lost those son's of bitches he thought to himself. He looked towards Kate for a moment he could see she was pale and shaking. 'Kate don't worry we will be OK, I promise.' He heard himself say. Why was he so worried about Kate, normally he would just say 'man the fuck up, we are in this situation now deal with it.' He was acting like a pussy around Kate for some reason. Then his mind went back to the fact that he was guilty of what had happened to her family and he knew he could not treat her that way after all this.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 After two long hours of Seth racing down the road at full speed it was clear that they had lost their followers, however it was also clear that if they didn't watch it they would run out of gas. 'We have definitely lost them and we are low on gas. Tampico is about twenty minutes from here we best head there, get some gas and book in to a motel.' She nodded 'we also should probably change cars.' He said reluctantly. 'why's that?' she said in her innocent voice. 'Because they know what car we are driving and as you said they could rip straight through the roof. We need something quick but practical incase they find us again.' As they drove in to Tampico they spotted a shady motel on the road in and pulled up there. 'stay here and I will go find out if they have a room.' 'are you sure we should split up at the moment?' her voice still shaky. 'Yes don't worry I will only be a minute.' He headed over to the reception a man was standing behind the desk. 'Buena noches.' The man repeated this back to him ¿Habla inglés? The man nodded 'OK can I have a room with two separate beds.' 'we only have two rooms left both with one double bed.' Seth sighed 'OK that is fine I will take one'. He returned back to the car within five minutes but to Kate it felt like an hour she was tired but also on edge. 'OK we got a room, I am going to park the Porsche somewhere out of site of the main road and we will go get some rest.' He started the engine and pulled away and parked the Porsche well out of the view of the main road. They collected their possessions and made their way to the motel room. 'Seth I need to take a shower, I still have blood and guts all over me' 'Sure sugar knock yourself out', looking out the window on watch not turning to look at her. Kate began to run the shower and then she felt the grief come over her again that had done in the restaurant bathroom. She began to sob thinking about her father and brother, also thinking about the fact the vampires had followed them. Was this to be her life now constantly looking over her shoulder waiting for the next vampire attack. She hoped not. Kate had not realised but she had been in the shower over an hour, suddenly she heard Seth banging on the door. 'Hey you going to be much longer I need to use the bathroom, you've been in there over and hour.' he tried not to sound too pissed off. 'Sorry Seth' she shouted 'lost track of time, I will be out in five minutes'. Seth was pissed off he wanted to have a shower and get some sleep but he did not want to take it out on her he knew she had been through enough and it would only make things worse. 'OK thanks' he said in return. True to Kate's word she was out within five minutes wrapped in only a towel, He tried not too look at her too long but from Kate's face he knew he had stared at her too much and made her uncomfortable. He couldn't deny he was very attracted to Kate Fuller she was beautiful, but he knew she was far too young for him. Kate felt Seth's eyes linger on her a bit longer than normal as she walked out of the bathroom wrapped in only a towel and this sparked a strange feeling as she wondered if he would ever try anything. 'Right I am going to take a shower. I have been keeping an eye out the window every now and then just checking nothing is amiss. You alright doing that for me too?' 'Sure' 'Kate also try and eat something all the food we bought earlier is in the bags on the side.' She looked at him 'I will try' 'I don't want to scare you kid but you never know if we may have to fight and you need your strength just incase.' She nodded as he turned and went in to the bathroom, he had a point she thought. Kate got dressed and sat gazing out of the window in the motel room, she was keeping watch as Seth had said to. However, her mind was else where as it had been ever since they had left the bar. How could her life have changed so much in just one day she did not know, it was hard even to believe that it was reality. Maybe she was just having one really long bad dream and she would wake up from it soon. She knew deep down that was wishful thinking. Seth returned to the room in just a pair of boxers, Kate looked up at him for a moment and blushed as her eyes lingered on his very chiseled torso and the large flame tattoo which she had only seen stretching down his arm and neck however she could see now it went across the left side of his chest and also down the whole left side of his body and finished just above his boxers. She quickly looked away hoping he had not noticed her looking for so long and also that she was blushing. She felt ashamed with herself for looking at him and being attracted to his body as she knew the only feeling she should have looking at him was anger and hate. Seth quickly pulled on a new black vest and a pair off black trousers the only clothes he had left. 'Kate you can have the bed; I will take the couch.' 'I am smaller so the couch is fine for me' 'I am not letting you sleep on the sofa.' He said in a demanding tone 'To be honest it is a big bed why don't we just share we have two sheets.' she was very unsure why she had even suggested it as she did not really want to be that close to him. He shrugged his shoulders 'if you are OK with that?' She looked uncertain but said 'sure, why not' 'Do you want me to go and get us some food?' I saw a pizza place across the road.' 'well I ain't staying in here on my own.' 'Ok let's both go we will lock up get the pizza and bring it over here.' She nodded as she grabbed her jacket, she could never say no to Pizza it was her favorite food. It was about four in the morning when Seth was woken by a piercing scream, he bolted upright his hand immediately went to the gun under his pillow. Until he realised that the scream had come from Kate, she was having a nightmare. 'Kate, wake up' he said as he shook her gently. She did wake up and like he had she bolted upright in bed. She was shaking and her eyes were glazed with fear. 'Seth they are here.' She said in again a very cryptic voice like she had at the gas station shop. 'what do you mean they are here? You were just having a nightmare.' She shook her head 'no I am pretty sure they are here my dream was them in the parking lot of this motel but it did not feel like a dream it felt real like I was seeing things through their eyes.' Seth felt confused and worried about Kate in this moment, 'OK well I will have a look'. He got up out of the bed the room was in darkness so he knew no one would see him at the window. As he looked out he spotted Carlos and his men walking in to the parking lot and heading towards reception which was closed anyway. 'Fuck!' he said in a half whisper 'you are right they are here; they will find us.' He looked over at Kate again feeling very unsure of how she knew they were there 'I don't understand how you knew?' 'I can't explain it, the only thing I know is I heard my father's voice warning me to get out of here.' Seth pondered a moment, could it be that Jacob was some how looking out for his daughter? He did not know but he knew he did not have time to figure it out. 'Right let's pack our shit up quick and get dressed we have got to get out of here.' Kate quickly jumped out of bed and began getting dressed pulling on a grey t-shirt and pair of jeans and began to pack her stuff up. It did not take long as she had not really unpacked as such. After about three minutes they were both ready to go. 'ready?' she nodded and said 'ready, actually wait! shouldn't we take some stakes just incase?' she asked and gestured towards the wooden chair. 'good thinking.' Seth went over to the chair and snapped the four legs off with force he passed two to Kate and kept two for himself. 'Right ready to go now.' 'yes let's do it.' For once Kate had some determination in her voice and he felt confident they could both get out of this in one piece. He slowly opened the door to the motel and poked his head out scoping the area. He could not see anyone and it seemed clear. He gestured to Kate to follow him not saying a word scared that any sound may alert them. He walked slowly down the steps which lead to the car park all the time looking around for Carlos and his men. As he had come in to the motel he had notice a brand new blue Dodge Viper in the car park and knew that had to be the car he was going to take. He made his way towards the car when suddenly he spotted Carlos walking towards them he did not move a muscle, they both ducked down quickly behind the nearest car. Kate and Seth were both holding their breath as they walked straight past where they were hiding and up the stairs towards the room they had just left. This was their opportunity to get away. Quickly Seth and Kate ran towards the Car that Seth had picked out, he picked the lock in what Kate would imagine was record time. He searched for a spare key which luckily was stashed under the sun visor and he started the car up. They could see Carlos and his men run out of the room they had been staying in as they heard the engine start. 'Shit, they have seen us.' He nodded and said 'well they ain't going to catch us in this bad boy.' He reversed out of the space and quickly drove towards the exit, however Carlos began shooting at the car. 'fuck. Keep your head down.' As he put his foot down and veered quickly on to the main road. 'Are you OK?' she nodded looking very flustered. 'How the fuck did they find us?\" well it was the first major town and we picked the first motel on the road in.' Seth was shocked at the calmness in her voice. 'I suppose that is true, we can't be so obvious in future.' As they sped out of Tampico as quickly as they could. 'Right you got that map of Mexico.' 'Yes Seth' 'we need to go somewhere they are not going to expect, somewhere they can't follow us.' She nodded as she studied the map and tried to think of a place not following the same road. 'well if we continue down the east coast it will be quite obvious, so we need to change our route. How about we head towards Bara Veja on the south west coast it is a small town from what I can tell not far from the city of Acapulco.' 'How far do you reckon that is.' She shrugged her shoulders 'it looks pretty far from what I can tell about 1000km away.' Seth looked worried, they were in a country which seemed to be swarming with Vampires and he desperately wished he could return to America. 'I wish we could go back' she looked at him with a puzzled look 'back to America?' 'Yes, you could go back there is nothing stopping you, why do you want to stay in this hell hole of a country?' She looked down unsure herself why she didn't go back, she just did not want to be alone. Would she even survive the trip trying to get back to America on her own with all these vampires chasing her? 'I told you I don't have a home anymore, I have no one Seth, what would I be going back for?' looking in to his eyes she could see the guilt in them. 'Kate your young, go back to school, get a job, find a husband, have a family. The world is your oyster; you may be alone for the journey back but you won't be alone your whole life.' She looked down thinking about what he had said, he was right she could have all those things but for some reason she did not want that. She knew that life was too lifeless back home she knew after everything that had happened to her she could not just return to school or get a job. 'I don't want to Seth, I can't return to a normal life not after what has happened.' He knew what she meant it had fucked with both of their minds and he understood that perhaps she needed to be around someone who had just had the same experience as her. he knew he also needed that and felt relived she was going to stay. 'OK we will head towards Acapulco then on the west coast.' She nodded as they fell in to silence.[Chapter 4] Seth had been driving for four hours and they knew they had a long way to go, they stopped for gas and something to eat but made sure the stop was brief. 'shall I drive for a bit? We should take it in turns' He looked at her uncertain whether she should be driving at her age but then decided he was exhausted and he would let her drive. 'Sure' he threw the keys to her and they set off on the road to Acapulco. 'have you drove before?' 'yeah I drove the motorhome a few times if Dad got really tired.' He nodded 'we will be passing through Mexico City in a few hours I should probably drive then as it will be chaos also we will need to stop for the night once we have put some road between us and Carlos we should be fine.' Kate looked at him with a worried expression and he knew she believed it to be a bad idea but she did not argue. Once they had passed through Mexico City which took about two hours due to chaotic traffic and driven about an hour and half longer they came to a hotel they could stop for the night. Seth went in and got them a room. 'they don't seem to do two single beds in these bloody hotels' 'Doesn't matter really, it wasn't a problem sharing the bed was it?' he shrugged his shoulders 'I guess not.' As they walked in to the room both of them noticed the bed was a considerably smaller double bed and not only that there was not couch for either of them to sleep on instead. 'Well looks like I will be sleeping on the floor' Seth said pissed off Kate looked at him 'why?' he looked at her back puzzled 'well it's a much smaller bed!' she looked at him and laughed 'I am sure we can still share it, there are two blankets again.' He smiled and was relived that she still didn't mind sharing with him as he really did not want to sleep on the floor. It was about three thirty in the afternoon and both of them were exhausted. 'Seth do you want to have a shower first? Or should I?' 'well depends if you are going to be in there for an hour!' she smiled at this 'No I promise I will be twenty minutes' tops.' Seth nodded and she headed for the bathroom. Seth lay down on the bed and thought about everything they had gone through, he never believed there would be another person in this world he cared about as much as his brother. He realised he probably would have been dead by now if it weren't for Kate, she realised it was vampires in the SUV's and alerted him to Carlos also being one. She woke them both up and somehow knew they were there at the hotel, where would he be without her? He closed his eyes and slowly dozed off. Kate couldn't understand why she wanted to stay with Seth but for some reason over the course of the last few days she had began to have feelings for him. She did not feel hate towards him she just knew she cared for him deeply. She knew that even if she wanted to she could not leave him now, what if she had not been around surely he could have been dead by now. The thought brought a tear to her eye, she told herself to stop being stupid she can't cry for a man she should hate. As Kate came back in to the room she saw Seth was fast asleep on the bed, she smiled at how peaceful he looked and made sure she didn't make too much noise to wake him up. She got her clothes and went to get dressed in the bathroom. Suddenly Kate heard a shout from the other room she ran in to see Seth rolling about and shouting in his sleep. 'Seth! Wake up!' he woke up in a jolt 'are you OK Seth? You were shouting in your sleep.' He nodded and sat up 'right I am going to have a shower.' He got up and walked in to the bathroom. Seth was worried but he did not voice it to Kate he too had just had a very similar dream of Carlos finding them at the hotel but he brushed it off. He knew that he feared one thing more than anything and that was loosing Kate or not being able to protect her. He was annoyed that he felt this way he knew he was a hard son of a bitch who never gave a damn about anyone but himself and his brother. So why did he feel so protective of Kate he truly cared for her, it felt different to the care he felt for his brother. It was maybe an even deeper instinctive care, he knew he would do anything to keep her safe and he knew that if she were to leave him it would hurt deeply. As he pondered over these thoughts his mind began to go back to when they had first met, when she had been standing there in a bikini. She was beautiful, her long brown hair rested on her slender pale shoulders, her hazel eyes gleaming at him, the way her slim body moved so innocently. She did not know how beautiful and sexy she was and this was something Seth loved about her. He knew he should not think about her that way she was only 18 and he was 36-years old. He still could not get the image of her out of his head. He began to touch himself as the water ran down his body he was imagining Kate touching him and he began to breath more heavily. Feeling his manhood harden as he thought about the woman in the room next door his hand wandered to his throbbing fully hard erection. He began to stroke himself slowly at first. his eyes were now shut picturing Kate naked in front of him, he thought about having sex with her and he began to pick up the rhythm. He quietly uttered Kate's name as he bought himself to the edge and he could not help but let out a moan as he released. Kate sat on the bed waiting for Seth to finish in the bathroom, deep down she knew she wanted to see him again in just his boxers and she felt ashamed at this. He came out and same as before he was just wearing boxers, this time he did not pull on a top or pants he just sat down on the bed right next to her. Kate felt a strange feeling deep inside of her like an aching for him, she made sure she did not look at him and continued to read her book knowing that if she looked at him she would not be able to hide how turned on she was. Her heart was racing and she was as stiff as a board not knowing what to do, after what felt like a long silence Seth said 'Kate, what is the plan for me and you?' 'what do you mean Seth?' she asked facing him and looking in to his eyes. 'I mean where do we go from here, we just going to live together now a 36-year old criminal and a teenage girl living together in back and beyond of Mexico?' he could tell his question was puzzling Kate because of the look on her face 'until you get a job and get a boyfriend and the leave me alone.' He added. 'I don't know what is going to happen in the future, but I don't see how I would ever get a job here I don't speak Spanish.' He did not get the answer he wanted. 'let's be honest here I am sure you won't be alone you will have many girlfriends' she said laughing. Kate looked in his eyes as she said it and was surprised to see sadness in them and he did not smile at what she said 'won't you Seth?' she asked hesitantly. He shrugged his shoulders as he thought to himself I don't want lots of girlfriends I just want you. Kate was confused with the strange questions Seth had asked earlier and she could not stop replaying the conversation they had. Why was he so upset when she joked about him having many girlfriends? He seemed like the kind of guy that would pride himself on having many girlfriends and he was such an attractive man he would not have trouble picking up women. She wondered whether he had been expecting a different answer to his question. What exactly she was not sure. Seth had not said a word to her since. 'Seth shouldn't we go get some food?' Kate asked fed up of the silence. He looked over to her and abruptly said 'can do' with an icy expression on his face. 'Seth are you mad with me?' her words snapped him out of the depressed daze he had fallen in to and he walked over towards her where she was sat on the bed 'Sorry Kate, I am just feeling a bit down.' His eyes seemed to well up slightly but no tears fell. Kate nodded and said 'is it because of Richie? You haven't mentioned him since it happened.' He nodded tears still filling his eyes. She stood up and wrapped her arms around his naked torso, he wrapped his around her waist in return. She had only been this close to Seth twice once briefly at the Titty Twister and again in the bathroom of the restaurant and he had not been shirtless. This time she noticed how strong and muscular his body felt as her arms were wrapped around him. She noticed how soft and warm his skin was under her and she noticed his masculine scent which was driving her wild. She was aroused by the man she was holding on to and she did not want to let go. He had been driving her crazy walking around in just his boxers. She slid her hand up his back so they rested on his neck pulling back to look in to his eyes. What he did next took her by surprise, he leant down and gently pressed his lips against hers, her whole body quivered in his arms as he gently parted her lips with his tongue and kissed her deeply and passionately. She was kissing him back and her hands slowly moved from his neck down his chest and stomach. They were both lost in a deep and passionate embrace neither of them wanting to stop and only pausing for air. She wanted Seth with all her being, she was aching for him. Suddenly there was a knock on their hotel door. Both of them jumped, who could that be? 'have they found us?!' Kate shrugged her shoulders as she walked slowly towards the door as to not make a sound. She looked through the eye hole of the door no one was there. She slowly moved back towards Seth and whispered 'there is no one there, I have a bad feeling again.' her voice becoming shaky. 'so do I but how could they have followed us here!' he said trying to understand. suddenly a very similar sound that they had heard before in the Titty Twister was loud and clear outside the hotel 'Shit! Right lets get together all our weapons. Pack our shit up we will try to escape, but I don't think we will get away without a fight this time.' He said this whilst pulling on a top and pants. They packed all their belongings and got their weapons ready. Seth looked at Kate her eyes were full of fear and he immediately felt the need to hold her, he grabbed her wrist and pulled her in to his chest. 'we're going to be OK I promise.' He said holding her around the waist and looking in to her eyes she nodded as she held on to him tightly it did not seem like she wanted to let go. 'Right, let's do this.' He said but she still did not let him go 'Seth?' 'what is it?' slightly worried about whether she was in a fit state to fight. 'please don't leave me.' her voice shaky. 'what do you mean leave you? Why would I leave you Kate?' he said questioning her 'Don't leave me like my dad and my brother, I would rather die than loose you too.' This hit him hard she really cared about him for some reason and she was scared of him dying. He grabbed Kate's face in his hands and looked deep in to her eyes 'I am not going anywhere, I promise.' He saw her face slightly relax at his words 'now I need you ready for a potential fight, if we work together we will get through this.' She nodded and said in a determined voice 'I am ready.' He smiled at the way her attitude changed so quickly just from his words he loved that about her. The bat sound they had heard earlier had stopped, it was too quiet for their liking. 'I will go first, check if the coast is clear.' Seth said decidedly. 'Wait, don't you think we should try go out the fire exit. They may not be expecting that?' he looked at her thinking for a moment. 'your right let's try that.' He opened the window at the back of the hotel room and looked up and down the long metal balcony 'looks clear, lets go.' Seth whispered, he climbed out on to the first escape and then turned around to help Kate out the window. They began the long climb down the stairs as they had been on the twelfth floor, both trying to be as quiet as possible. They were only two flights now from the bottom when they heard footsteps coming around the corner of the hotel. Both of them instinctively leaned towards the building to try and blend in hoping they would not be seen. Then a familiar voice said 'right we ain't letting them get away this time! You stay guarding the fire exit while we break in to the room. I want that money' Carlos instructed the four other men stood with him. Kate and Seth still remained still as Carlos headed back round the corner, they looked at each other and knew what they needed to do. They carried on quietly down the steps, luckily the four beasts below them were talking amongst themselves and were not very alert so they remained undetected. Once they got to the last flight Seth paused, right we can take four of them on easy he thought to himself. 'follow me' he whispered to Kate he ran down the last flight with a stake in his hand the vampire directly at the bottom barely had time to think before Seth had staked him in the heart. Kate followed also with a stake in her hand as a vampire ran at her she went to stake him in the heart but he shoved her out the way to the floor before she had a chance he was above her now about to bite her she rolled out the way pushed herself up from the floor and staked him from behind. That was too close she thought to herself, she looked over at Seth he had already dealt with the other two vampires and she felt a strange feeling wash over her and warm fuzzy feeling she should not have been having during such a high octane moment. 'Come on quickly, lets try and get to the car.' He said sure that more of them would soon enough be swarming the area. Suddenly at that moment they heard a loud thud which was obviously Carlos bashing their hotel door down. They ran as quick as they could around the corner and towards the car park. They could not see anyone lurking but they moved carefully just incase. They were now only about twenty meters from the car, still running they made their way to the car. However once they reached it two more vampires saw them and let out a piercing sound which they could only assume was calling to the others. Like lighting Seth and Kate got in to the car and started the engine. 'Right I am going to ram these son's of bitches back to hell.' He revved the car and put his foot down heading straight in to the two vampires standing in front of them but they jumped out the way just before as he sped out of the car park and on to the main road. 'Fucking Bastards! I am getting fed up of this.' Seth shouted anger consuming him. 'how the hell are we supposed to loose them?!' He had not looked at Kate and he was not really asking her. 'I think we need to go back to America.' Kate said in a very uncertain voice. He looked at her with piercing eyes 'I can't go back! Remember I am a wanted man!' he said again snapping at Kate. He didn't want to snap at her but he was just so angry not only had they found them for the third time they had interrupted a intimate moment between the two of them. How could they ever have a normal life like this. 'Look Seth, I have got an idea.' He looked at her suddenly feeling calmer at her voice sounding so assured. 'let's hear it then.' 'Right, we keep driving taking turns all the way back to the Titty Twister. We collect my Dad's RV hopefully it will still be in one piece. You hide your ass in the bathroom and I drive us back in to America.' He looked at her for a moment with that smile on his face she loved 'you are fucking great you know that!' she smiled and continued 'once we get over the border then we head for Canada, my hope is that those hellish creatures can't follow us in to America and that you will be safe in Canada. We will get you a new identity somehow and then we will live in Canada.' She said very confidently. He loved Kate's idea and the plan which involved them heading home out of this hell hole of a country. 'It is a great plan, the only thing I am worried about is whether they will let you through at the border just one young 18 year old girl driving an RV they will certainly search it.' She looked down with a brooding face clearly thinking of what they could do. 'You won't hide in the bathroom then. There is a secret compartment under the bed you will be very squished in there but they won't find you I am sure of it.' 'OK well let's head back to America!'[Chapter 5] They would only stop for gas and food that was the plan they had to get back to the Titty Twister for the RV and then they had to make it to EL Paso to cross the border back in to America. It was going to take them about twelve hours with food and gas stops back to the RV. Seth had been driving for five hours before they made their first stop at a gas station with Mexican restaurant. Kate was fed up already of Mexican food and could not wait to get back in to America. They had not yet spoke about what had happened between them in the hotel room before they were interrupted. Kate kept replaying it over and over in her mind, the touch of Seth skin on hers, the taste of his tongue exploring her mouth. It had been the one good moment from the whole trip to Mexico, being in Seth's arms had been the one place she had felt normal and happy. She was pissed off that they had got interrupted as it had left her very sexually frustrated. they were always together so it was not like she had a chance to relieve herself. To be honest she hadn't really felt the need to until last night and now all day in the car it had been really irritating her. She is increasingly finding everything Seth does a turn on and it is becoming frustrating. He is just so damn sexy, the way he walks, the way he talks, his mischievous smile and that tattoo. Kate realized she had a serious crush on Seth and her feeling towards him had changed a lot over the past few days. She was not sure how to bring it up with him though and she wondered whether he even felt the same way. They headed in to the restaurant which was quite busy for a Mexican restaurant, they sat down at a seat by the window. A young waitress served them she had to be in her twenties not that much older than Kate, she was quite clearly flirting with Seth. Kate felt very jealous that he was flirting with her back. Once she had served them Kate sat in silence feeling annoyed at herself that she felt so jealous of the waitress and Seth. 'Kate you alright?' he obviously noticed the change in her mood 'yeah fine' noticeably snappy. Seth looked at her puzzled as she had been in a good mood when they walked in to the restaurant. 'I know if there is something up with you, what's wrong?' as he said this the waitress came over to take their plates away, just before she walked away she grabbed his arm and winked at him. Kate looked even more pissed off as she did this and then he realised what her problem was, she was jealous. He tried to stop his lip curling in to a smile at this thought, he realised he had been flirting back and he would hate it if Kate was like that with another man ever. He shuffled towards Kate and put his hand on her leg, she jumped a bit at this and he noticed her cheeks going red. He whispered grazing her ear with his lips 'I'm sorry I only want you', He felt her quiver at his words. Her hand reached out to grab his which was still on her leg she interlocked her fingers with his as the built up frustration increased having his body so close to her again. She turned her face towards his so their lips were almost touching. He quickly closed the gap between them and they were again kissing their hands still interlocking. Kate couldn't help but moan in to Seth's mouth. She was getting hot and could feel her knickers getting wetter, the waitress made a racket dropping cutlery and this brought Kate back to reality. She parted from Seth flustered she shakily said 'we should get going, we aren't meant to hang around in one place too long.' Seth smirked at how flustered she was 'I wish you weren't right, I could stay here kissing you all day.' Kate blushed even more at this. He threw some money down on the table and got up, Kate followed, her legs a bit shaky from the encounter they had just had. Seth was walking towards the drivers side, Kate walked right behind him and placed her arms around him. 'No you've already drove five hours, it's my turn.' He turned around, placed his arms around her waist and smiled 'You can't keep your hands off me can you?' she blushed and released the hold she had on him and her arms dropped to her side embarrassed by his words. Seth kept his grip around her waist and pulled her in again his lips against hers and his tongue was darting around her mouth again, it was getting unbearable how much she wanted him. She needed him to stop but she did not want him to, she could not stop herself from moaning in to his mouth. 'Seth' she whimpered 'we've got to go' he nodded and smiled at her. He walked to the other side of the car and got in to the passengers seat, Kate for the second time was in the drivers seat. She started the car and pulled out of the car park, her heart was beating fast still and she was even more frustrated, she was desperate to relieve herself but couldn't. Seth couldn't stop thinking about the kisses he had shared with Kate, and how obviously it was that she wanted him. The way she moaned when he kissed her and the way she said his name when she wanted him to stop, it was more than a man could bare. He knew it was wrong to be falling for an 18-year-old girl but they had been through so much together he had never felt this way about anyone before. He realised he had fallen in love with Kate and he wanted her more than anything. He looked over to her while she was driving the car she was so beautiful; she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. Kate noticed he was staring at her 'what you staring at' she said playfully, 'You' 'why?' 'because you're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.' Kate blushed and continued to stare straight at the road. After a few minutes of silence he spoke again 'Kate, you know I really care about you?' he said seriously, she looked at him silently and did not really know what to say after a moment he questioned her 'Kate?'. 'Seth, why are you saying this?' he looked at her confused, 'Because I want you to know, I am not kissing you for fun. I have never cared for anyone as much as I care about you.' Kate was surprised to hear such soppy words coming from Seth's mouth but she felt the same. She cared about him a lot and she knew she loved Seth. She knew she had since they left the titty twister she just didn't want to admit it to herself. 'Seth I really care about you too, I can't wait to get to Canada and start living a normal life' she paused for a moment and hesitantly said 'I hope with you.' He smiled at these words and believed that she loved him too, he felt the happiest he had ever felt in his life. Both of them continued the journey in silence feeling incandescently happy. Kate was tired, she had never drove for so long before. She had been driving now for four hours and she could feel her eyes getting heavy. Seth was fast asleep, she loved how peaceful he looked when he slept it made her feel happy just looking at him. She knew she had to pull over soon and she noticed a gas station sign it was only 10km away and decided she would stop there. She pulled in to the gas station which seemed deserted as she did Seth began to wake from the deep sleep he was in. 'Hey princess, you getting tired?' he asked in a sleepy voice, she looked over to him and nodded 'I haven't ever drove that long before, I was worried I was going to fall asleep at the wheel.' He smiled at her, he was still so happy from their talk earlier he had slept better than he had in years sat in that passenger's seat. He sat up and gave her a peck on the lips 'well let's get some gas and food, we can't be far from the RV now.' She nodded with a worried feeling in her gut, although she wanted to go get the RV she was nervous about returning to the place she lost her brother and father. As Kate walked towards the shop she felt Seth's hand grab hers and interlock their fingers together, she smiled at this as they walked in to the shop hand in hand. As they walked in to the shop the shop attendant gave them an odd look which pissed Seth off Kate could tell. They gathered some supplies, Kate had never eaten as much candy bars and chips as she had the last few days she was getting sick of it. As she turned the corner to the shop desk she saw the guy was giving her the same funny look, it made her feel sick to her stomach. Seth had noticed it too. 'Hey What the fuck is your problem!' Seth shouted at him angrily, the guy smirked as he said this and did not say anything. Kate had a worried feeling now deep down in her stomach she had a grip of her stake under her jacket. She could tell he was riling Seth so she tugged on his jacket to try and get him to realise maybe he was not human. 'what is it Kate?' he said angrily 'he could be one of them.' She whispered in to his ear so that he could not hear. Seth walked up to the counter put the items down he wanted to buy and immediately drew his stake out and placed it over the man's heart. 'You one of them?' he said demandingly the fear in that creatures eyes gave it away 'you told them already where we are?' he asked the guy still said nothing he just had look of fear in his eyes. He pressed the stake harder against his chest and he suddenly said 'wait, yes I have told them they are on their way here but about three hours away.' he said quickly. 'how do I know you are telling the truth? Huh maybe they are round the corner waiting for us?' 'No I swear they have been following you but you got a head start on them and they rely on spies like me to tell them where you are heading. Please don't kill me.' The vampire pleaded 'if you tell me what I want to know I won't kill you alright?' he asked in a demanding voice. he nodded his head, 'Can you follow us in to America?' the vampire did not speak for a few moments until Seth began to push the stake against his chest even harder 'NO, no we can't follow you in to America, our kind can not cross the border' satisfied by this answer Seth plunged the stake in to his heart as he turned to ash 'Seth!' he heard Kate shout 'what the fuck are you doing? You said you wouldn't kill him' she looked shocked and upset with his actions. 'Kate if I didn't they would know we were heading for America, it is too risky.' She was angry with Seth as she did not like the way he had lied to the vampire. Seth walked over to Kate and tried to hold her she pulled away from him 'Baby what's wrong? You really think I should have risked leaving him alive?' he said with some anger in his voice 'you know he had already alerted them we were hear he would have killed us if he had the chance, why would you want to spare him?' he had a point but she still felt upset with the way he had handled it. 'Look Seth you are right but it just felt wrong the way you tricked him.' She said in a firm tone he smiled at this as he walked towards her again with that mischievous smile she loved. He again tried to hold her this time he didn't let her pull away 'Seth I am still annoyed with you!' she said trying to fight away from him 'I love you Kate' he said quietly in to her ear she stopped fighting at these words. She looked up at him shocked that he had decided to say this to her now but she could tell he meant it looking in to his eyes. 'I love you too Seth.' She said welling up a bit as she said it, the emotion was so strong she struggled to stop herself from crying. He kissed her again but this time more gently than before 'let's get to the RV, we are only two hours away. I will drive.' She nodded as they left the shop hand in hand.[Chapter 6] Kate was still a bit annoyed with Seth but even more annoyed with herself, why was she so weak with him he just had to smile at her and she fell in to his arms. He had told her he loved her, she couldn't believe her luck Seth Gecko was in love with her. By far the most attractive man she had ever met and he loved her. Could it really be true? She couldn't understand why at that moment she thought of her father and how annoyed he would be that she had fallen in to the arms of the criminal that kidnapped them. She knew that he would be so mad at her if he could see her right now but at the same time she couldn't help how she felt, she loved Seth and he was the only person still alive that mattered to her. Seth suddenly broke her thought pattern 'Kate, you need to get some sleep.' He said 'it won't be long till you will need to do some more driving.' 'I can't sleep; my mind just doesn't stop lately.' 'I know but you've got to try. We are only about an hour from the RV then I will drive another two hours almost to the El Paso border.' she was feeling more and more nervous as they neared the RV. 'I'm glad we will be getting to the RV in the light.' He looked at her and he could see the fear on her face 'Kate, I know it is going to be really hard going back there but we won't hang about there too long.' They continued the last bit of their journey to the RV in silence. They could see the Titty Twister sign from almost a mile away as they neared they could also make out the RV which looked to be in one piece. As they pulled in to the car park they were both on edge and very tense It was very quiet. Seth pulled the car right up next to the door of the Motorhome. 'It's going to be OK' Seth said reassuringly despite feeling on edge too being back at the place his brother had died. Kate felt an overwhelming sadness washing over her as she looked towards the bar, somewhere amongst the rubble and dirt her Father and Brother's ashes lay on the floor. A tear fell from her eyes as she began to silently cry for them, she felt Seth's hand on her knee trying to comfort her. 'I'm sorry Seth, it's just my father and brother are in there somewhere and I will never be able to bury them.' He held her hand trying to comfort her he felt the tears well in his eyes at her words as he thought about Richie. He also would never be able to give Richie a proper burial he was a pile of ash somewhere in that hell hole of a bar. He allowed himself to cry for the first time in years' tears rolled down his face, they sat together for a few minutes crying over the people they had lost. 'Right ' wiping the tears from his face 'let's get our stuff in to the motorhome'. They both collected their possessions from the stolen car and Kate who had the keys to the RV around her neck this whole time anxiously opened up the RV. It was just as it had been left nothing had been touched and no one had broken in. She was quite surprised but then again since the Bar was abandoned no one would really be out there. 'Right do you reckon you can get some sleep for the next two hours and then we will change over for the last hour to the border?'. She was exhausted and suddenly felt like she was home being in her family's motorhome again, it was something familiar. 'Yes I will get some sleep.' She walked to the bedroom at the back and within minutes she was asleep. I am on one hell of a fucking emotional rollercoaster he thought to himself, he could not believe how much he had changed in the past four days with Kate. He knew the reason he had never allowed anyone to get close to him before because any woman close to him before had hurt him. His mother had left him and Richie with a drunk abusive dad when he was only six years old and Richie was only four. Ever since she walked out of their lives and left them with that bastard he has never let another woman in, not until Kate came along. However he now felt vulnerable, she could easily hurt him. As he kept his eyes on the road he thought on this for a while, he was 36 years' old what about when he is 50 years old and she is only 32 she won't want to stay with him then! He though to himself beginning to get angry that he had fallen for her. She will leave me for a younger more attractive man surely? He was getting himself worked up over this thought. He tried to stop thinking about it and focus on the road as his mind went to Richie. He had tried not to think too much about his brother it was so hard especially having to drive that stake in to his heart. He had always been his protector and looked after him especially after their mother left. They had always been a team ever since they were little and Seth didn't do anything without Richie in tow. Suddenly he heard a scream, oh shit she is having a nightmare again! He thought to himself. He pulled over at a lay by at the side of the road and went to see if Kate was OK, she was fine just tossing and turning in a cold sweat. 'Kate! Wake up you're having a nightmare again.' She woke and he sat down on the bed next to her. 'they are close behind us Seth I can feel it! You shouldn't have stopped.' She said in panicked tone. 'Hey Kate it's not even gone dark just yet don't worry.' Her face relaxed slightly as he said that 'OK but can we please get going? I will have a wash and get changed and join you upfront.'. He nodded and headed back to the front. She had only had about an hours sleep he was worried about how little she had been sleeping the past couple of days. She appeared after getting cleaned up and more presentable for the border police. He was still annoyed at the thought of her leaving him for a younger man or just hurting him in general. He didn't say anything to her and stayed silent, she could read him like a book and immediately asked 'what's wrong?' 'Nothing' he snapped back at her. She put her arms around him from behind as he was driving and kissed him on the cheek 'you can't lie to me something's up, what is it?' she said. God damn it how could she read him so well it was like she could read his mind. 'it's nothing, I was just thinking earlier that you ain't going want to stay with me.' She looked at him puzzled. 'what you on about?' she sounded annoyed 'I love you Seth I ain't going to leave you, not ever.' She said very sternly 'you will, wait until I am fifty and you are only thirty-two you will be long gone.' She laughed at this which annoyed him ever more 'Seth, I love you for you. Not the way you look and even when you are fifty I am sure you will be just as sexy to me as you are today because I love you, and I always will.' He lightened up at the way she said this and deep down he knew he was just getting defensive because he had let his guard down so much with her. She sat down in the seat next to him and grabbed his hand 'you got it?' she said looking in to his eyes so sure of herself, he nodded and smiled. Damn it he loved her then even more than he did a few minutes ago. They could see the signs for the border they were only about 5 minutes drive away, Seth pulled in to another lay by. 'Right let's see this secret compartment then' he said. She lead him to the back of the motorhome she lifted up the mattress and then flicked a very small switch at the bottom of the bed frame and a compartment opened. It was small he was going to be very squished and uncomfortable in there but it would be worth it to get back in to America. 'OK you keep driving to the border once we stop I will get in to the compartment and lock myself in.' She nodded and then gave him a peck on the lips 'I hope we get through' he could sense the worry in her voice. 'just keep cool and we will be fine, we have practiced the story just do what we practiced.' She nodded 'and if they say they are coming aboard don't panic just stay cool.' 'Yes sir!' she said jokingly 'right now come here he said' grabbing her by the waist and pulling her body close to his 'Seth, come on don't get me all worked up, I'm so damn horny from you touching me all the time! It feels like I'm going to explode.' He laughed 'well we will have to do something about that then once we are in America.' He said winking at her. He gave her one last passionate kiss before she headed back to the front and started the RV. Seth stood at the side of the bed feeling slightly anxious but confident their plan would work. As he felt the RV pull to a stop he jumped in to the cramped compartment and pulled the lid and mattress down on top of him and heard it click as it locked. He did not like being in there one bit but he knew it was their best chance. He could not hear what was going on at the front he just hoped to god Kate would be OK and would get through. 'How many are with you' the officer asked 'Hello officer just me' Kate said confidently 'here is my passport' she passed over her American passport as he looked at it and then her a couple of times. 'so what's a young lady like you doing on her own in Mexico.' He said questioningly 'Well It's a long story, but to cut it short my dad let me borrow his RV so me and my boyfriend could come down here for vacation.' Kate said confidently 'well five nights in, I decide to use the pool at the park we had stopped at.' She said very confidently she couldn't believe how well she was telling the story. 'I forgot my phone so i walked back in and there he was on the bed with some Latino women. Well I went fucking mental, kicked him out and headed back up to the border, can't wait to get home to be honest.' She said in a pissed off tone. 'fair enough' the officer exclaimed. 'do you mind if I come aboard and just have a quick check around.' He said calmly 'Of course not officer, I will unlock the door.' Shit Kate thought OK stay calm he is just going to poke around like before. She opened the door to him and he came onboard, like she expected he had a quick check of the bathroom, wardrobes and the bedroom. Once he had a brief look he said 'thanks a lot miss, just got to be extra careful at the moment, few criminals at large.' She nodded and said 'no problem' He left the RV and she felt herself let go of the breath she had not realised she was holding. As she started the RV and pulled up to the barrier it lifted for her and she slowly pulled away through the gates. They were home she couldn't believe how happy she felt at that moment. She continued to drive out of sight of the border about three minutes until she saw a pull in. She pulled in quickly and dashed to the back to let Seth out, he must be so uncomfortable back there she thought. She flicked the switch and there he was cramped in like a sardine, she helped him out and once he was out he grabbed her by the waist picked her up and twisted her around. 'You did it Kate! We are back in America.' He said so happy 'but we need to put some road between us and that border you heard the man they are still looking for me and Richie!' 'I know Seth' she headed back to the front and started the RV he followed her but did not sit in the passengers seat, he sat down behind and out of sight of the window. 'I can't risk getting seen Kate until we get out of Texas it is too risky.' She nodded feeling so happy they had got through the border. 'Go get some sleep Seth I got it from here.' She said confidently. He smiled and headed back to the bedroom[Chapter 7] Kate was on a mission now and she did not feel tired anymore she drove and drove without stopping for what felt like ages. Just the radio on to keep her company and sane, Seth had slept through the last eight hours and Kate had only stopped to fill up with gas. She wanted to get to Canada as quickly as possible, she felt like Seth was in danger just being in America. If he got caught by the police she could not live with herself, how could she live without him now? She got scared at this thought and it would not leave her mind. She was only two hours from Oklahoma and almost out of Texas. She suddenly heard Seth stirring in the bedroom, 'what the fuck?' she heard. Oh dear she knew he would be mad that she drove so long through the night without a rest but she also knew she had not been at a risk of falling asleep. 'Baby why haven't you woken me?' he asked sternly 'I wanted you to have a good sleep and I wasn't tired so I just kept going.' She said confidently. 'well you should have woken me the best time for me to drive is through the night.' She looked at him slightly puzzled for a moment 'no one can see who is driving in the dark.' He pointed out. She knew he was right but she did not care she was not stopping; she was on a mission. 'I am not tired I will keep driving until it get's dark later then you can take over' she ordered 'well we best stop to pick up so food I am starving.' She looked at him 'OK but you can't leave this RV!' He laughed she was so over protective of him 'don't laugh it's not funny. If you got caught, I.. I.' she stuttered 'I don't know what I would do.' She looked up Seth wide eyed 'I can't live with out you Seth.' She said desperately. He loved how worried she was for him even though they had escaped from the true risk the vampires that had been following them. 'don't worry we are going to be fine, look there is a burger place pull in, you can get take out I will wait in the back.' She looked at him funny 'burgers for breakfast?' 'yeah why not!' he laughed. She shrugged as she pulled in to the parking lot and he went back in to the bedroom. She walked in to the burger joint and quickly ordered two meals and got out of there as quick as possible. She was forever looking around for police or vampires, she knew she was being irrational but she just didn't want anything to screw their lives up now. She felt so close to getting the life she wanted her and Seth together forever, maybe they would have a family and get married she thought to herself. Although she was not sure Seth would be thinking about getting married and having kids but she also knew that he loved her and she hoped he would consider it when they get settled down. Seth sat on the bed waiting for Kate mulling over everything that had happened between them on this trip. Was it just fantasy to believe they could have a normal life together in Canada? He knew a few people in Canada, one who could give him a new identity a new start. Kate was back quickly she was so worried about what might happen she was very tense he had noticed ever since they made it over the border. She walked in to the bedroom with the food, 'you want to eat it here?' she questioned him. 'Sure, come sit next to me.' She sat down next to him on the bed as she got the burgers and fries out. Seth scoffed it down quickly he must have been starving, she laughed at him 'hungry?' she said jokingly 'Starving! You not hungry?' Kate had had one bite of her burger and a few fries 'not really, you want more?' she asked offering him the rest of her food. 'you need to eat babe' he said worried about her. 'I'm not hungry, not for food anyway.' He looked at her confused 'what are you hungry for?' she looked at him and said quietly 'You Seth' she hesitated 'I want you so bad.' She blushed as she said this and he pulled her close to him, kissing her neck and working his way up to her mouth and searched her mouth desperately with his tongue. 'Kate' he groaned her name 'I want you too' he said his hands wandering all over her body. 'but we need to carry on' she said in a breathless voice 'we are still in Texas, we need to get out.' she was getting more and more worried about the possibility of Seth getting caught. She pulled away from him and got up but he pulled her back towards him. 'it won't take long for me to relieve you.' Enough was enough she was so horny so she gave in to him. He pulled her down so she was laying right next to him and he moved so he was on top of her. He was gently kissing her and caressing her body with his hands he kissed her neck she stopped him and pulled her top off, she tugged at his top willing him to take it off. He did as she wanted revealing his muscular body and that tattoo that drove her crazy. He continued to kiss her neck and slowly worked his way down to her breasts, her hands were searching his body as he reached round her back to relieve her of the bra she was wearing and then kissed her nipples moving between them she was moaning at his every touch and he was fully hard now. He unbuttoned her pants and pulled them off her legs revealing her innocent white cotton knickers which were wet through. 'You are so wet' he said in a breathless voice. She moaned even louder as he touched her through the wet cotton underwear where she had desperately wanted him to touch. He slowly pulled them down and she was at the time trying to unbutton his trousers. 'no baby, just you' he said in a teasing voice 'but Seth I want you inside me' he smiled at this 'I know but we don't have time for that.' As he said this he pulled her knickers off and brought his tongue down on to her clit she shuddered at this sudden touch of his wet tongue on such as intimate part of her body. She had not realised how much she was moaning, she had her hands tangled in his hair as he kept playing with her. After a short while he moved slowly down to her lips and tasted her sweet juice she was so wet he could not believe it. He moved his tongue in and out of her finding the spot that made her shiver she was moaning his name now over and over again until she almost screamed his name in pleasure as she released. Her juices flowing freely as she came for him. 'Oh baby' he said moving to her mouth and letting her taste herself she was kissing him desperately now; he knew although he had given her release she would want him even more. Her hands went to the button of his pants 'Please Seth' she said begging him to give it to her. He was fighting himself he really wanted to be inside her but he knew it was her first time and he did not intend for it to happen in this RV. 'No Kate, we are not having sex for the first time in this RV OK?' he said in a serious tone and stood up. This snapped her out of it a bit and she understood why he did not want to but she was so desperate for him. 'OK but at least me relieve you in return?' she said with pleading eyes. He assumed Kate meant with her hands but he would have loved to feel her mouth around him. 'OK but no more than that' he said she nodded as he unbuttoned his pants and took them off he was stood in front of her she was kneeling on the bed and his manhood was clear to see through his boxers. He was so hard, she pulled his boxers down to reveal his huge erection. She gasped as it sprung to attention in front of her face, she didn't really know what to do but she had heard kids at her school talking about blowjobs before. So she decided to try it, she placed his cock inside of her mouth and slowly moved her head up and down. Seth's groans were a sign she was getting it right. 'Kate where did you learn about this?' he questioned breathlessly shocked that she had placed her mouth around him. She shrugged and continued, although she was inexperienced just the feel of her mouth around him meant it did not take long for him to be on the edge of release 'Kate I'm close to coming, take it out!' he warned but not soon enough before he knew it he had released in to her mouth. 'sorry!' he said quickly worried she would be mad she looked slightly surprised but not disgusted as she swallowed it down. 'Did you just swallow it?' he questioned very surprised, 'was I not supposed to?' he groaned again and leant down to kiss her tasting his own salty taste in her mouth. It made him horny again. 'Right we best get going before I change my mind and nail you in this RV.' He said in a surprisingly serious tone. Kate laughed she felt much better after that she had been desperate for a release but it was irritating that she wanted Seth even more now. She got dressed in the bathroom and headed to the driver's seat. She started the engine and pulled away, it was about ten in the morning the sun was shining and Kate was feeling very happy. Kate had driven though Oklahoma City about an an hour and a half ago not tiring some how despite not sleeping for hours she knew she had to drive another eight hours or so before it would be getting dark. Seth appeared from the bedroom 'I want to take a slight detour.' 'where and why?' she questioned very sternly. 'I want to go through Chicago instead of Detroit and stop in a nice hotel for a night before we head in to Canada.' 'No Seth it is too dangerous.' 'You can stop at a mall get me a new fancy suit and I will clean myself up so no one will recognise me OK?' she looked at him worried 'besides we will be the other end of the country, not sure news would have traveled that far.' She did not seem very happy with the idea 'I just want to treat you to a nice couple of nights in a fancy hotel.' 'why can't you do that in Canada?' she had a point but he really wanted to do it in America 'because I want to do it in Chicago OK?' she did not bother arguing with him. 'Next mall you see sweetheart pull in and you can also buy yourself some nice new clothes.' He winked at her. She was not totally comfortable with his plan but then he was right they were the other side of the country in Chicago hopefully no one would recognise him. After driving another four hours they hit Missouri and she saw a mall and pulled in. 'Seth? We are at the mall.' He looked up at her and smiled. 'OK I am a forty two inch chest and thirty five inch waist for the pants. And for the shirt sixteen inch neck.' She wrote it down as he spoke 'can you get me a nice tie too?' he asked and she nodded 'what colour suit you want?' he pondered and then said 'you choose for me OK?' she looked at him a bit worried 'the tie do you want a bow tie or neck tie?' She asked seriously. 'stop with all questions what ever you choose will be fine.' He said 'and get yourself whatever you want too.' He handed her some cash and she turned around to go in to the mall. 'OK Seth but do not leave this RV!'[Chapter 8] Kate was worried about Seth's plan she didn't feel comfortable about it at all. She walked in to the suit shop at the mall and asked for a black tux with white shirt and bow tie as she thought the classier she made him look the better but she also bought him a general grey suit and neck tie. She left with her bags and then headed in to a nice looking dress shop, she asked the lady for recommendations and that she would be going out for a nice evening with her boyfriend and she needed a nice dress. She recommended a stunning red low cut dress which was floor length and suited her figure splendidly, she also wanted a couple of day dresses which the lady picked out again some lovely ones for her and a few pairs of shoes to match. She also picked up some new very sexy underwear as she wanted to impress him. She got everything as quickly as she could and paid to get the hell out of there, she still was very uptight and always on edge. When she got back to the RV everything was fine Seth was sat there waiting for her, he smiled as she entered. 'what did you get then?' 'Well I got you two suits because I couldn't choose' he laughed 'OK let's see them.' She pulled out the grey suit with black neck tie and silk white shirt he nodded as she passed it to him and then she pulled out the black tux with another silk white shirt and black bow tie. He smiled at her choices 'I will get ready now and in to the grey one to go in to the hotel and then the black one to take you out tomorrow night.' She nodded and said 'yeah that's what I was thinking.' 'So what did you get yourself?' he questioned intrigued to see what she bought. 'well you will have to wait and see.' She teased. 'that's not fair!' 'I ain't showing you until tomorrow ok?' 'Fine! Right let's keep going, you OK to keep driving? she nodded 'OK but I will take over when it get's dark should be in a few hours.' She nodded and started the engine heading towards Chicago. It started getting dark just after eight, they were only three hours from Chicago. 'Kate my turn to drive.' She nodded and pulled over at the next lay by she looked around at him. He looked so different he had done his hair different by cutting it shorter himself and he had a slight quiff at the front and was wearing the grey suit and tie she had picked out for him and the black leather shoes. He looked unbelievably handsome and she wanted him so much but she was also exhausted. 'Go get some sleep.' He said sternly she nodded and headed to the bedroom. Seth had booked them two nights in a suite at the four seasons hotel in Chicago using a payphone at the parking lot of the mall. He was heading there but knew they could not park the RV in the centre of Chicago he was going to use the park and ride. They were only three hours away, Kate needed a really restful night and then tomorrow night would be special he thought to himself. Kate had fallen asleep immediately as soon as her head hit the pillow, two hours later She heard Seth call her name. she bolted upright and dashed in to the front thinking something was wrong, 'wow calm down! I just wanted to check whether you want to have a wash and get changed before we get to the hotel. I have booked us two nights under Fuller OK so you will have to show your ID etc.' 'won't they want yours too?' 'maybe which is why I hope you don't mind but I used your dad's ID and changed the picture.' She looked at it, it looked surprisingly real. 'Of course that's no problem, I will go get ready.' She picked out one of the day dress she had bought it was a little white one it was July so she needed something summery. It took her a while to get ready she walked out of the bathroom just as Seth was pulling in to the park and ride. 'right pack a bag for two nights and let's go.' He said in a happy voice. She was still worried but Seth looked so different she was hopeful no one would recognise him. 'ready?' he asked after about ten minutes as he had already packed a bag, she nodded and they headed out as Seth paid for the parking for two nights and they jumped on a bus to the city centre. Seth couldn't believe how beautiful Kate looked in the day dress she had picked out; she really had blossomed in to a woman in front of his eyes. They sat on the bus holding hands he was anticipating a lovely time at the four seasons hotel. They walked through the grand entrance of the hotel and walked up to the reception Kate was very nervous. 'Hello sir how may I help you?' the receptionist asked 'I have reserved a suite the name is Jacob Fuller.' Seth said calmly 'yes we have your reservation here, how would you like to pay?' 'if it's OK I would like to pay cash' she nodded and said 'no problem but all extras will have to be paid for at the time we can't add them to a tab.' He nodded and said that was fine. All the while Kate's heart was beating ridiculously fast she was just so worried he was going to get recognised. He passed over his and Kate's ID to the lady who took a scan of it and then passed them back to him 'Thank you Mr. Fuller, here is your key have a lovely stay at the four seasons.' She smiled and he thanked her as they headed towards the lift. Once in the lift Kate relaxed. 'Kate you need to chill out you were so tense back there.' He said to her as they were alone 'I know I am sorry Seth! I am just worried.' She said shakily 'well don't be! You being tense is more likely to cause suspicion.' He was right she could end up getting him caught being so uptight. They got in to the room it was beautiful, they had a seating area with TV, A large marble en suite and a huge king size bed. 'Right I am going to order room service.' he ordered pizza as he knew it was Kate's favourite and it came quickly. Kate was starving she had barely ate all day so she devoured the pizza and then fell down on to the bed stuffed and exhausted. Seth stripped to his underwear and sat on the bed as did Kate, Seth's jaw dropped as Kate revealed some of the new underwear she had bought today. She was wearing a black lacy bra and black panties, she looked amazing and he wanted to take her right then and there. She smiled as she saw Seth's face. 'you like my underwear?' she teased he nodded and pulled her towards him kissing her passionately his hands exploring her body again. He adjusted his body position and sat her on his lap as he kissed her over and over she was moaning in to his mouth again, he was worried he would not be able to stop himself from fighting the urge this time. However, he had planned a special night for them tomorrow and he wanted to wait until then. 'Kate, stop we got to wait until tomorrow.' She looked at him puzzled 'why?' he could tell she was going to fight him 'because I have something special planned and you are so tired and barely had any sleep, the plan was to rest up tonight.' She was not going to back down just yet he could tell 'But Seth I want you now, we are not in the RV anymore! No more excuses.' 'Baby, please. Don't ruin my special night I planned for you tomorrow.' She backed down a bit 'fine but you better do me tomorrow night.' 'I promise I will make love to you all night long.' He said in a sexy deep voice. This made her moan and she carried on kissing him until they were both tired of kissing and lay down on the bed Seth had his arm around Kate his lips resting on her neck as he kissed her gently. She felt so safe in that moment, in his arms she fell asleep within minutes. Kate woke the next morning and realised Seth was not in bed next to her and she panicked 'Seth!' she said loudly. 'Yes, don't panic I'm just in here.' He said reassuringly. He had ordered breakfast and was getting it ready to bring to her in bed. 'Breakfast in bed.' He said as he brought the tray in. She smiled he looked as handsome as always in one of the hotel robes. He placed the breakfast tray down between them and got back in to bed next to her. 'good morning' he said to her kissing her 'good morning' she said back feeling so happy. 'what do you want to do today?' she looked puzzled at this 'what do you mean? We are not leaving this hotel room!' he laughed 'why not?' 'it's too risky!' He laughed at this 'Seth I'm serious I would kill myself if you got caught.' Kate said this totally seriously and it really hit Seth hard, she was serious she would kill herself if he got caught. 'Kate, I am not going to get caught, you must admit I look at lot different with the hair cut and the suit?' she nodded 'yes but I would feel happier if we just stay in her today and go out tonight.' He nodded and said 'whatever you want.' They ate their breakfast and got dressed and then snuggled up together on the sofa to watch a movie on TV. They flicked past the news and there on the TV was Seth and Richard Gecko still at large and both their mug shots. 'Shit Seth, you said the news probably hadn't traveled this far?' she said quietly. He looked shocked and worried but it was not on the news long and it was not prime time news. 'it will be OK but you need to remember to call me Jake in public OK?'. She nodded and they flicked over to the movie. They had had a lazy day together in front of the TV ordering room service and it was now five in the afternoon. Seth went to have a shower first and then Kate had one after him. She stayed in the bathroom for well over an hour getting ready doing her hair, putting on even sexier lingerie she had bought with stockings and suspenders and her full length flowing low cut red dress and even putting on makeup which she never normally did. She was excited for Seth to see her dress, she knew he would love it. She was also very excited to see him in his tuxedo she knew he would look sexy in it. She knocked on the door of the bathroom 'ready?' 'yeah!' he said enthusiastically when she walked out his jaw dropped again, she looked stunning. He could not believe what he was seeing she looked like a goddess. He felt like his heart stopped beating as she walked towards him. 'Do you like it?' she asked innocently 'I love it, you look so beautiful'. She looked at him in his tuxedo he was by far the most attractive man she had ever seen and she wished they could just go straight to the sex, fuck dinner! 'You look very sexy in that tux, can't we just skip dinner?' she asked 'I am not that hungry.' 'Hey young lady, be patient. We are going for dinner.' She looked a bit disappointed but they walked out of the hotel room and got a cab to the restaurant Seth had booked. She had to remember now they were out to call him Jake which was a bit weird being that her Dad's name was Jacob. They sat down to dinner in a very fancy restaurant, She noticed Seth was by far the most attractive man in there and lot's of the women were admiring him. 'So Jake, tell me about yourself.' She said jokingly He smiled 'Well i was born in Kentucky, 1961 and i lived there with my mother and father. That was until my mother left me and Richie when i was only six and he was only four.' He looked away sadly, he had never told anyone about his mother or childhood and didn't wish to continue. 'What happened to you then?' 'I'm not sure i can talk about it right now, it's really hard for me to talk about it.' she understood it was often hard when she had to talk about her mother. They continued talking through out the evening about her family and their hopes and dreams Kate had loosened up a lot after some alcoholic drinks and by eleven o'clock they were safely headed back in a cab to the hotel. they went back to their room and Kate immediately grabbed him and tried to pull him towards the bed. 'Hey calm down! come and sit with me here a moment he pointed at the couch.' God sake why was he delaying it anymore, she sat next to him and he looked in to her eyes. 'Kate, I love you with all my heart' he said sincerely 'these past five days have been one hell of a rollercoaster and I don't think I would have made it without you.' She smiled at his words and said 'I love you too Seth.' He continued 'I never want to spend another day apart from you so long as I live. So… ' he got down on one knee with a box in his hand. Kate was puzzled and taken by surprise 'will you marry me Kate Fuller?' he asked as he opened the box to reveal a large solitaire diamond ring his eyes fixed on hers as she began to well up 'Oh my gosh, I.. I..Yes Seth! Yes' she said now crying she was so happy he smiled and placed the ring on her ring finger. She was ecstatic but then something hit her 'Wait a minute when did you get a ring?' she looked at him again puzzled 'well don't be mad but I borrowed one of your Dad's hats and jackets and disguised myself when you went in to the mall and picked it up then.' He said a bit sheepishly 'Seth!' she was annoyed at this 'you could have got caught and i would have come back to an empty RV not knowing what had happened to you!' She said annoyed. 'I know it was a bit risky but I didn't get caught, so it doesn't matter does it?.' She shrugged and put her arms around him, she was too happy to let this get in the way of tonight. 'Seth you have made me the happiest woman on this planet!\" he picked her up in to his arms and carried her in to the bedroom. This was it they were finally going to make love. Seth didn't say a word he just undressed as did Kate, when he saw the suspenders and stockings she was wearing he couldn't believe his eyes. 'You are always full of surprises aren't you?' He said as he sat on the bed and beckoned her to sit on his lap again like the night before but this time he was not wearing any boxers so she was sat pressed against his rock hard cock. The only thing separating them was the thin lacy material of Kate's now soaking wet black knickers, he could feel how wet she was as she sat down on him. She did as he said and they kissed deeply and passionately each of them exploring each other's bodies with their hands. Kate traced the line of his tattoo with her fingers and moaned every time he touched her. He gently unfastened her bra to let her breasts free in front of his face his warm hands went to cup them gently as he sucked on her nipples making them hard. She was instinctively grinding against his ever hardening dick, he groaned as he could feel her panties getting wetter against him. 'Seth, come on' she pleaded trying to adjust her position to pull her knickers down. He let her pull them off and sit back down in the same position he picked her up his dick now pressed against her wet lips. He lay her down so he was on top of her now, so he was in control. She was trying to pull him in to her she was desperate for him and he loved teasing her with it. He rubbed the tip of his cock between her slick wet lips making her moan 'Please Seth' she was begging him now and he could not hold back any longer. He slowly pushed himself deep inside of her she moaned as she felt him fill her up. 'Seth' she moaned his name with a hint of pain in her voice. However she whispered in to his ear 'fuck me'. He did as she said slowly at first her hands were entangled in his hair and she was passionately kissing him. He began to pick up the pace and pulled away from the kiss wanting to watch her face as he made love to her. He could see the pleasure on her face and he could tell from the noises she was making she was close to orgasm. 'OH Seth' she cried out as she tightened around him and he felt her juices flow around his cock, it almost pushed him to the edge but he did not want it to be over yet. He picked her up still inside of her and placed her again on his lap, they moved slowly together he made her orgasm again and again and he spent his seed inside of her once but could not bring himself to stop he continued on and came inside of her again, totally filling her up with his seed. They both collapsed in a sweaty mess on the bed and seth protectively pulled Kate close to him. They fell asleep exhausted and happy together. ","Summary":" Note: this is an erotic romance between Kate and Seth from the movie from dusk till dawn I have 9 c"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"A Twisted Tail","Author":"WintersWhiteMaiden","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9671667","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nothing but the Wild West could be seen from miles around, so what else is left to do, but rock side to side in your train seat as you listen to the sounds made by the tracks. Since your really not one to ride in any sort of transportation you can't help but wonder again why your on this crazy contraption. \"Woh and I figured taxi's were crazed, the West sure is different from New York\" A few moments after that sentence left your mouth you hear the clearing of someones throat so you look to your right. Some mouse is standing to the side of you with his paw stretched out, before you say anything the oddly dressed mouse interrupts you by saying, \"Excuse me sir, your ticket if you will\" you look dumbfound for a bit until you find your voice, \"Oh uh sure thin\" you scramble around in your pocket, soon switching from left to right. \"Just a sec\" You freak a bit on the inside thinking you'll be kick off the train until the ticket mouse interrupts your thoughts with a slight chuckle. \" Huh uh, sir is this your first time on a train\"? While he was talking you found the ticket in excitement and announced it. \"Ah I found it, oh um yes how'ed ya know\"? You handed(pawed?) the ticket over as the mouse smiled. \" I've been around so naturally I can tell, my names John\" you watch John doing all sorts of things to the ticket, you thought it was only right to speak your name as well. \"Hi ya, the names Tony Toponi nice to meetcha\" you stretch your Paw out for him to shack. John gives you your ticket while he shacks your paw. \"So Tony what brings you to the west? Sounds to me like your from Brooklyn.\" \" Wow, ya good, yeah I'm from Brooklyn New York. I got a letter from my pal Filly Mousekewitz to get my tail out to Green River pronto.\" John stood there with his paw to his whiskers thinking as it would seem. In a minuet John thrusts his paw in the air as if he was saying 'I understand' \"This Filly Mousekewitz, do you mean Fievel and the family of Mousekewitz\"? \"Yeah that's him, I've been calling him Filly forever now. Do ya know how they're doin\"? John gave you a questioning look. \"It all depends on how you look at it I guess. Have you ever gone to Green River before to see your friends\"? You shock your head in silence while you tried to figure out what he was talking about. \"Well Green River is a town that's stuck to the 1930's fashion and way of living, It's famous for that I guess now since the Mousekewitz's moved in\". you was about to ask John what he meant but by the time you were about to speak the whistle blew as the train came to a stop, a mouse in the front yelled out 'Green River'. Since it was your stop you gathered your things and started to exit the train. Before you were off the train John yelled out. \"Tony, say hi to Tanya for me\" You looked puzzled to why he would say that, but you brushed it off. \"Sure thin Johnny, Oh and thanks for ya help\" Finally off the train you get a chance to look around. It was actually beautiful to see the green land and the flowing water stream. Near the water tower you see a home with a sign that says 'Mousekewitz'. \"Huh that didn't take long to find\". As you make your way towards the home you recognize a figure that emerged from inside the home, you yell with happiness since not being able to see this person in more than a year. \"Hi ya Mrs. M\"! Even though she's not your mother you run to her as if she was and give her a heart warming hug. \"Uh, T...Tony oh it's great to see you\"! She just as much hugs you right back, then you notice two other figures behind her now exiting the home. \"Mr. M ya still playin that violin I see, Oh and look how big ya got Yasha. Oh I've missed ya guys\"! You ushered them into a welcoming hug. As you parted moments later you ask what you wanted to ask since the moment you got to Green River. \"Where's Filly\"? The two older mice chuckled a bit before answering your question. \"Try the sheriffs office, he's always with Wylie and Tiger\" to the Mousekewitz you must have looked like your eyes were about to pop out of your little skull. \"Tigers here too, this is where he's been\"?! Without waiting for an answer you start off for the sheriffs office, Mr. M tries saying something all you get is Cats out of what he was saying, still running you yell back. \"Sorry Mr. M ya gonna have to tell me later\" Well because your a mouse it takes you quite a bit to actually reach the office, so be now you are panting and out of breath. \"(Hu hu)...I think...I ran(cough)..two years...off my life\" To be continued...[Chapter 2] You look around, noticing that something was out of place, you couldn't quite put your claw on it. But just when you thought you figured it out you caught a glims of your two best friends. \" Hmm, what was I thinkin about again\"? Just like that your realization was gone, and so you decide to run up to Tiger and Fievel. As you ran calling out to them so they would notice your presents. \" Yo, Filly! Tiga! Ova here \"! Both Tiger and Fievel were talking with an old dog. When they saw you, you waved your paws in the air like crazy. While doing this you trip over a rock, causing you to tumble most of the way to where Tiger and Fievel. \" Tony, you alright \"? While your tumble you hadn't really noticed your friends hustling their way towards you. \" Ow, I think I pulled somethin \". You rubbed you now sore body and looked you at the 3 animals huddled around you. You were more interested in knowing who the dog was then listening to your friends speaking to you. \" I give you an 8 for form kid, but next time ya wanna land on your feet, not your face \". The old dog chuckled at you, You didn't argue with him, it was kinda funny. \" I'll keep that in mind next time I do the flyin ahh \". Tiger lent you a claw to pull you up as you laughed. \" Oh, Tony this is Wylie Burp, the sheriff of Green River\", \" Wylie this is Tony Toponi, a good friend of mine and Tigers\". While extending your paw, a realization hit and you yelped out a \"Wo\" Which made the three animals around you to jump a bit. \"Yous the dog Filly Idolized back in New York, the world sure is small huh Filly\"!? Wylie looked a little taken back from your sudden out burst, but that only lasted a moment. He smiled at you, showing his white teeth behind his dropping face, then looked at your little mouse friend, who was blushing in embarrassment. The old dog chuckled, and finally shook your awaiting paw. \"Nice to meet you kid\" \"Like wise\" While You get more equated with Wylie and catches up with Tiger and Fievel they unconsciously start walking towards the Saloon. You all are also unaware of Miss Kitty's presence a few feet away from the entrance. Your still talking to your new found friend, Till you remember 'Tanya' quickly turning towards Fievel you ask the young mouse about her absence. \" Filly, where's Tilly at? I haven seen her yet.\" Your attention fully on Fievel, You don't notice that your about to bumped into someone. \"Uh...well...Hey, Tony look out!\", Your little friend tries to worn you, but it's too late. \"Oof\" You hit the person with little force, but enough to cause Yourself to fall on your tail. Just about to pick yourself off the ground, You feels your body being picked up and set down on your feet. \" Oh, I'm sorry little buddy I didn't see you \" A harsh male voice could be heard. \"Nah, it's o...MY GOD!\" You'v looked up at the person, and then you realized what that you bumped into a CAT! Tony looks around vigorously taking a better look at the town. 'Hows it I didn't notice...now I understand what Mr. M was talking about when he said Cat's'. All around the town where Cat's of all sorts. This was a little much for you to handle, you were panicking a bit mostly cause the cat you'd bumped into was bringing his face closer to your small body. \"Ah, n... sstay away\" With that you blacked out, you might not be able to see any of what's going on but you sure can hear it. The cat you collision into was really close, you could feel his breath on your entire body. You freaked out even more, until the cat spoke with concern. \" Oh I didn't mean to scare the little guy\" \" Oh Tiga, is your little friend alright?\" \" He'll be fine Miss Kitty, all he needs is to lye down.\" Miss Kitty had seen your little fainting spell and rushed over, This would have been your first time meeting Miss kitty, if you were conscious for the meeting. Fievel had en shored Miss Kitty that you would be fine if you had a place to lay down. And that sounded like a great idea right now since it was hot out and you where on the hard dusty ground. \" Oh oh bring him inside, i'll get him some ice from the bar.\" You could feel a paw pick you up off the ground, you felt light as a feather with the breeze hitting you. They got you in a some what sitting position at the mouse bar. Miss Kitty Comes back with a small ice cube wrapped in a cleaning lens and hands it over to Fievel. Your still a little out of it so he holds it to your head. \" Fievel, you might wanna tell ya little friend about why he's here. And you might want to do it fast, cus she's up next.\" \"uh hu.\" Miss Kitty goes back to Fievel and whispers something in his ear, it looks to have startled him a bit cus you see him look at the large stage and them back at you then to Miss Kitty and nods his head. Miss Kitty makes her way to the stage as Fievel starts talking to you, his eyes not leaving the stage as he does. \" Uh..Tony, About where Tanya is...\" Hearing the hostility in his voice you kinda start to worry. 'was I asked down here for a funeral?!' \" Tilly's alright ant she? I mean she ant..ant..\" \" No no Tony, Tanya is fine.'for now' It's just you might be a little shocked.\" \" Well you see...Tanya's..\" You a over joyed to hear that Tanya was alright, but your a little confused about what Fievel meant by shocked. He must have known you hadn't understood, cus he starts off talking again. \" Now the moment you've been waiting for, Put your paws together for a diva that needs no introduction.\" Miss kitty voice stops Fievel in mid sentence, His face turns towards the stage, your about to ask him 'Whats up with you?', but your stopped by his paw. You start hearing cat's and mice whistling and howling, with music in the background. You look up when you hear a familiar voice coming behind the closed curtains. Are you ready boots? Start walkin Yee haw C'mon Let's go Your mouth had dropped low to the ground, not able to form any intelligent words what so ever. As you look at the one and only Tanya Mousekewitz, singing in a very seductive voice. Tanya is in a red dress with gold side sleeve around her shoulders. One side of the dress is pinned up to her hip at the bottom of her corset showing the black and gold under layers of the dress, reveling her red and gold lace grader on her upper thigh. The under layers of her dress flows ruffly down her legs and stops just above her black boots. She has a black and gold beaded choker on. Her lips are red, cheeks are rosy, eye shadow is black, her hair is up in a messy bun like pony tail with a red flower pinned in it. ( I DO NOT OWN Jessica Simpson 'These Boots') This song version fit with my version of Tanya, I wanted her to be a little different you know how fame changes some people. Tanya glides graceful and seductively across the stage, looking over the clutter of men that are howling at her feet. Giving a wink or an air kiss every now an then to various men. Tanya makes her way over to where Fievel, Tiger, and you are(it would seem that Tanya know's where she can find her loving brother). You haven't noticed till now that the bar counter is part of the stage, as she dances her way to your direction. You keep saying you got something for me (uh) Well officer I don't mind to say you do Now your looking right where I thought you'd be looking Legs come handy when laws in front of you These boots are made for walkin And that's just what they'll do One of these days these boots are gonna walk all over you You believe you've stopped me for a reason (uh) Now I'm pretending my bendings just for fun You keep playing where I got you playing (yeah) These double 'D' initials work to run These boots are made for walkin And that's just what they'll do One of these days these boots are gonna walk all over you I'm the girl with the good ol' boys who don't mean you no harm This gotten way with Hazzard County charm There ain't no crime in havin' a little fun Tanya had slow tortuously made it to her intended target, which happened to be Tiger, Fievel, and yourself. She stopped in front of the three of you, stretching her paw out for Tiger's. Her face turns into a sweet smile as Tiger gives her his claw as he himself was smiling as her. Tanya bends down in front of Fievel, whom is to the left of you just as Tiger. Tanya Sings sweetly to her brother and gives him a sisterly smile and a warm hug as she finishes singing the words ' There ain't no crime in havin' a little fun'. Swerve my stride Bat my sexy eyes Where my boots at (haha) Strut ya stuff come on As she starts to get up Fievel does something to make Tanya turn to the right, staring over at you with shock and glee, while you must be looking like an idiot with your mouth hanging low. You try a lopsided smile and see Tanya's face brighten with a full on smile. Still in an awkward bent standing position, Tanya latches you into a hug that almost put your face in contact with her know developed...upper body... 'eh what was we talkin bout again?' (nothing Tony, just go back to hugging Tanya.) 'heh ok.' You know have a goofy smile on that face of yours. But that warm hug ended all to soon as Tanya parted from you and put her paw on your face as she smiles sweetly. She kept singing the next part of the song as she started standing up, bringing her paw slowly along with her. your eyes followed the soft paw that went form the side of your face sliding down to your chin leaving two fingers lifting your face up. As they parted from your face your eyes are met with a singing Tanya. She slowly strides her way back to the center stage, but not with out a small flutter of her fingers at you. Hey ya'll Wanna come and see something (uh uh, uh uh) Can't touch, can I get a hand clap for the way I work my back Tick tock all around the clock drop it Push ya tush, like that Can I get a sueee Can I get a yee haw You keep thinking what you shouldn't be thinking Another to far is down till you kissing ground I'm a gonna send you back home as you crying But Uncle Jesse he sure is gonna be proud These boots are made for walkin And that's just what they'll do One of these days these boots are gonna walk all over you These boots are made for walkin And that's just what they'll do One of these days these boots are gonna walk all over you Come on boots Start walking Come on ladies Four other girls wearing blue,purple,green,and yellow dresses just as Tanya's came out and started singing and dancing back up. Hey ya'll Wanna come and see something (uh uh, uh uh) Can't touch, can I get a hand clap for the way I work my back Tick tock all around the clock drop it Push ya tush, like that Can I get a sueee Can I get a yee haw Come on Willie (ohh yeah, owww) Yeee haw Willie Nelson everybody (uh) Let's go home now As the song ends, the girls all disappear behind the large red curtain, even Tanya. The quiet didn't last for long till the men in the Saloon started cheering and whistling and throwing flowers out onto the stage. A few moments after everything settled the four back up girls came out from behind the curtain, they started gathering the smaller flowers together and tying them together in a bouquet while Miss Kitty gathered the larger flowers and did the same. As the next act was getting themselves setup, Fievel and Tiger think that it was a bout time they start Talking to Tony before something else stops them. \" Tony, we know you have questions but right now Fievel has to tell you something important and then your questions will be answered.\" Nodding your head as Tiger spoke to you. 'This has got to be serious' Giving Fievel your full attention. \" Tony I ne...Uh Tanya!\" Once again your conversation was put on pause by the young diva. Turning around you spot Tanya with Miss Kitty, Tanya's in almost the same dress as when she was on stage just in stead of Red and Gold it was light Pink and light Green with the pinned up part from before set free(you thanked god for that) her hair was down in gorgeous waves that ended half way down her back. Her make up was replaced with light tones of green shadow and peach lips gloss. Tanya looked up from her conversation with Miss Kitty in your direction and smiled at you and ran right up to give you a huge hug! \" TONY!\" she screeched your name out in happiness, as you laughed lightly. You never knew how much you missed this girl in your arms until this very moment. 'How cliche is that?!' \" Haha Hi ya Tilly, I missed yas too!\" \" I haven't been called Tilly in so long, It feels like home, I'm happy your here Tony.\" \" Haha I'm happy to be here also Tilly.\" 'I'm home Tanya.' \"Ehem.\" Fievel practically saying 'Hello you two are not alone!' which we both remembered and let go of one another. \"Oh uh, Tony are you here for th...\" \" Tanya, I haven't told him why he's here, yet.\" \" Why? \" \" I was going to tell him tomorrow.\" \" So he doesn't know about...\" \" No Tanya, I want it to be a surprise for now...so you are not to tell him\" \" Fievel what are you up to?\" \" Noth..nothing i just wanted to ease the news to him, he has no idea what has happened the year we've been gone.\" \" But I thought that...\" \" Don't worry about it Tanya, I'll make sure he knows everything.\" \" Oookkk Fievel? I guess there will be a surprise at dinner tomorrow for you Tony.\" \" Ok?\" You lean over to Fievels ear and whisper 'I am so lost here.' He does the same to you and whispers back 'I'll tell you before the night is over.' \" Tony, you know your staying with us right?\" Nodding to him, You have no idea what is going on, 'Why so many secrets?' 'Do I even wanna know?' ( No, Tony you don't.) 'Can't wait to be on the same page as everyone else.' \" Come on Fievel, Tony lets go home. Mama wanted to catch up with Tony.\" \" Coming Tanya.\" You follow the Two after you all say bye to Tiger and Miss Kitty, Off to see Mr. and Mrs. M and little Yasha... AN: (I was listening to some music on my MP3 and came across a song that kinda fit Tony at the moment and it fits with later events. 'More than a women to me' it's an old song but I have the Glee version an love this song. If you really pay attention to a song, it tells a story and I was thinking of having Tony sing this song to Tanya or have it flash in his mind. It would be a little funny to have Tony sing. I would love to know what you guys think of this story and of the Ideas with this song. I also want to know what kind of songs you guys think of that feels like Tanya 'I was thinking Candyman-glee for the next song' It don't matter what year the song was song. I really want people to like this story so I'm trying my best to make it as good as I can, but I would love your help making it great. I'm thinking I should change the rating to T for later chapters... Please read and review, I don't have many people interested in this story so I'm hoping it's not a lost cause. To those that have taken the time to read this and review I thank you![Chapter 3] [AN:] Well now that the problem with the writing/editing is gone I can finally start putting up my chapters, which know will make a few people happy...one has been not so pationt, but motivating so I thank that person for being an impatient person...That does not mean I want more people to do that, one is enough for me. I must say I'm not really feeling inspired with this story right now, but I am trying to keep it going. If this story goes nowhere I will be forced to abandon it and leave it unfinished. But I will try my best to keep this story alive! All though I might need your guys help with new ideas...so If you have a thought that you want me to put in, well it just might help stoke the fire of inspiration! Also I found that during my writing, when it comes to the conversation parts between more than two people that it has become a bit confusing and a little hard to follow along with who is saying what. *(This is a bit more updated, and has more in the story 02/21/18) BTW: I'm thinking of writing special fillers, just some small pieces with mainly Tanya and Tony singing together...maybe even bring our guest ;) in a song or two...what do you think...If this all goes well I might be doing a saga of short stories for just Tanya and Tony. (Author) \"Tony\" \"Tanya\" \"Fievel\" \"Other (Mama, Papa)\" Making your way back to the Mousekewitz you take the time to talk and catch up with Fiveal, Tiger, and most of all Tanya! \"So Tony, What brings you to Green River? I cant imagine you stumbaling upon this place for a vacation..\" \"Haha well Tilly, I got a letter from Filly ta come down and see ya...So I did, plus I missed ya guys\" \" Oh, Fievel was the one that...and you don't know...oh Fievel..\" \" Anyways Tony don't you wanna catch up with Tanya how you've been in NYC?\" \" Hey, Yeah Tony.. How have you been... How's Bridget?\" \"Oh that's a...oh Tilly a Johnny, I mean John from the train wanted me ta tell ya he said Hi.\" \" Huh, Oh John..yeah he and his brother are regulars at the poker tables every weekend.\" \"Oh.. How long have ya been working at the Saloon?\" \" Uh, About a year now...\" \" How did ya get this job at ya age, anywany Tilly?\" \" Wwell I kinda walked into it..Miss Kitty thought I had moxy.\" \" Have ya always had this kinda moxy?\" \"... You mean about my singing?\" \"Oh Tanya I think before today Tony had never heard you sing...\" \" Oh! Well then the song today was probably really shocking to you then huh?\" \" Kinda, I mean I expected ya guys had changed the past year, But I didn't expect ya ta grow so much.\" \" Yeah that is strange huh?\" Your conversation with Tanya lasted almost the entire walk to the Mousekewitz home. Poor Fievel must be bored out of him mind just listening to the two of you blabing your mouths off. After that thought left your mind, Fievel decided to cut into the conversation and tease the both of you. \"Alright Tony we get how much you like the way Tanya 'Filled out' this past year. I mean everyone has said Tanya's a 'Hot' Mousette, why not expect you to say the same thing?\" Looking at Fievel as if he grew a second head on his sholders, both you and Tanya slowly but surely turn beat RED! Recovering from the out burst at the same time both of you yell out in embarrassment and Bewilderment. \"OH MY GOD! FIEVEL MOUSEKEWITZ!\" \"FILLY?!\" \"HAHAHAHAHA!\" \" Filly, don't jump ta conclusions! I meant how 'both' of ya grew!\" \" Oh sure, don't jump to conclusions Mr. OMG is Tilly alright ?!\" \"Huh, am I alright? What? I'm fine...?\" \" When I got here I hadn't seen ya yet and then Filly tried explainging something so I was worried I was asked to a furneral of all things...I didn't know what happened ta ya guys this past year...For all I know ya could have...\" \" Aww Tony, Its alright I understand, but I'm fine...we all are just fine Tony.\" \" Sorry Tony, I was just messing with you. I would have told you right away if something like that had happened you know that right?\" \"Uh huh, yeah Filly I know.\" All three of you where hugging in a group right infront of the Mousekewitz home. You guys were too busy hugging that you didnt notice that Mr and Mrs M. had come outside to see what all the noise was, after you guys where so louad at your endding conversation. Mrs M. yelled out towards you all so you could shuffle yourselves inside and out of the hot summer air. \"Alright you three, enough sappy hugs outside, you can just as well hug and be as sappy as you want when you get inside.\" All Three of you looked at each other for a second, then looked back at Mrs. M and back at one another...With in those few se onds you all started to laugh. After a moment of laughing had ended Tanya, Fievle, and yourself yelled back. \"HAHAHAHAHAHA!\" \" Yes Mama!\" \"Coming Mama!\" \" Right away Mrs. M!\" When you all field inside the Mousekewitz home...Mr. M wants Tony and Fievel to help him get some water for dinner, Fievel says he can do it himself and Tony can help Tanya and Mrs. M with getting dinner ready) \"Fievel, Tony would you two help me out with fetching some water for supper ?\" \"Sure thin' Mr. M...\" \" No wait Papa, I can help you. Tony should Help Mama and Tanya out..Don't you think?\" \" What...Oh yes, yes Tony help Mama and Tanya out with dinner.\" \"Are you sure Mr. M?\" \"Yeah, Are you sure Papa?\" \" Of course, Fievel can can help me.\" \" Yeah, I can help Papa out, Plus Mama don't you think you need a little more help?\" \" Oh Yes, you are right Papa, it would get dinner started faster. \" \"...Alright, I guess i'm helpin ya two lovely dames out huh? \" Tony and Tanya are a little lost with the way everyone is acking... think the exact same thing. \"Wow, these guys are acting weird.\" \"Wow, these guys are acting weird.\" In the Kitchen: \"So what's for dinner Mrs. M?\" \"What will we be making Mama?\" \"Uh, oh we will be making cheese and veggies stew with bread.\" \"yum, that sounds great Mama.\" \"So where do we start Mrs. M?\" \"Tony, you and Tanya start chopping the veggies and cheese. I'm going to boil the water and get the bread ready.\" Tony is helping Tanya cut up some Veggies and cheese for dinner while mama gets the pots ready for the water to boil. Tony and Tanya are laughing at each other while they are helping out, they are having fun...sometimes they accidentally hit hands, fingers, or elbows and blush a bit. While Tony was cutting the cheese (Don't laugh..lol) a piece of cheese hit Tanya on her face, making her laugh. Tanya though it would be funny to do the same and hit Tony in the face with some of her veggies. Before she could actually hit his face, Tony's seemed to get closer to hers. With a smile on his face as he gets closer to Tanya, he thought it was so cute that the cheese stuck to her face as she laughed a bit. Tony's hand softly touched Tanya's face and for a moment they both were lost in each other's eyes, as their faces were so much closer than the last time. A cough was heard between the two, it seemed to wake them up, as they noticed how extremely close they are to one another now. \" How are those Veggies and Cheese coming along Tanya, Tony?\" \"Oh, oh um getting right on that Mama.\" \"Yeah, we just got a little carried away, with ourselves.\" 'giggle' \"I see that..Yasha dear, set the table.\" At Dinner: \"So ah Tilly, Ya one of dem Saloon dames?\"(Ugh Tony you just had to open your mouth!?) You look up from your stocked plate towards the mice around the dinner table...at the moment you look up you see Tanya do a spit take with her water as does Fievel and Tiger...The others are looking wide eyed towards you with one word going threw their minds \"Why!?\" Fievel is the first to recover from the shock of your bold question and begins to scold you, not long after Tanya recovers as well and decides to explain the situation to you. \"TONY! What are you thinking?! \" \"Was dat wrong ta say? \" \"Yes! \" \"Fievel! No, it wasn't!\" \"I didn't mean ta say somethin bad bout ya Tilly.\" \"I know Tony, you dont really understand. You see Tony I'm a little different from the other girls...\" \"What cha mean Tills?\" (Wow Tony, you really know how to make a moment awkward..) \"Actually Tony, it's the same reason that you are here. It's because I'm getting married to the owner.\" \"Wow, uh congrats Tilly. Who's the lucky mouse?\" All was silent, everyone looked at one another. Now this was scaring Tony, \"What's up with everyone?\" just as the silents was at it's peek you could see tall shadow was seen in the doorway. In the midst of them all trying to figure out how to proceed in the conversation they hadn't noticed a knock on the door was heard or foot steps entered right after. \"My apologies to being so late my dear, I had work to attend to.\" TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 4] Alright listen up! I had a new chapter I've been working on for Tanya and Tony like I said, the only problem I have now is my computer battery keeps dying and in the end my storage is not working. I don't know what happened really I saved the chapter in my files, but for some reason it wont save. So I am going to have to see if I saved it in a first draft in any of my note books. I don't know if any of you actually noticed, I had updated the last chapter with more detail and I revealed more in what is happening. I really would like you guys to re-read the last chapter and tell me what you think...which direction is this story going to go with Tanya's love interest right now? I'm going to post a filler chapter in every now and then for special Holidays so I can get some inspiration. Hope you guys keep up with the story. I am going to try and keep the story going. ","Summary":" Nothing but the Wild West could be seen from miles around, so what else is left to do, but rock sid"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"The Arrival - vid ankomsten till Sweden","Author":"Jay Flemming","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12522469","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: The Boy at the Train Station \"Why not farther away?\" \"They won't find us...I promise\" ... \"But don't you want to see the world.\" \"I do...but right now...just trust me.\" \"but-\" \"I know some people that can hide us, at least for a while then we can go anywhere.\" ... The train rumbled to a stop, the long rhythmic pattern slowed, waking Oskar from what was a short nap. It was about 6 oclock, and his first thought concerned his stomach. He had not stopped for anything to eat, and right now his mom was surely making meatloaf with potatoes and would be expecting him home with his dad any moment. He could smell the beef and spices, even the little onions that he usually hated would be delicious. Instead he pulled the small candy bar from his pocket...the one he had stolen randomly at the station, and bit into it. He savored the chocolate as an announcement was heard over a muffled loud speaker. 'Now arriving train 1132 from Blackeburg Vallingby and Angby!' The trip had been uneventful except for a nosy kid in the next car who kept running back and forth and picking his nose. Oskar had never been by himself this far, and was enjoying himself as if it was like a great adventure. Bigger and better then the ones in 'Goosebumps', it almost felt like he was King Artur or Hjalmar. The only difference being that he didn't have a sword...and he doubted that either Artur or Hjalmar were ever in so much trouble as he was going to be when his mom found he was missing. His small backpack fit on his shoulders easily enough and the small bag that held Eli's belongings wasn't too large either. The box that held Eli however, that was a different story. How can someone who eats blood be so heavy... As he exited the train an attendant spotted him, Oskar worried for an instant that the man knew who he was, so purposeful was his gate. Fortunately the man simply approached and tried to help Oskar with his baggage. \"No thank you...\" The attendant shrugged, and turned his attention to an old woman who was in need of more help. The air was still in the terminal, as the 5 pm train wasn't exactly packed. Here and there a single passenger or couple hung close to the benches waiting on trains that were yet to come, or talking in one of the phone booths. Oskar didn't take up much space in all that, and so he breathed a small sigh, the smaller he was the less chance he could be found...if anyone had noticed he was gone yet. Maybe they wouldn't notice? Maybe Mr. Avila would conclude that he'd been eaten by what ever killed the three boys. He could imagine Mr. Avila in a news report...going on about how a werewolf had broken in. 'Oskar must have fought the monster' he would say. 'How heroic...like Hjalmar...like Beowolf' his mother would swoon and his father would beam with pride about his sons heroic death. Maybe they'd even start talking again, maybe now that he was gone they could be friendly again. He imagined Johan at the funeral crying about how he would have anyone to play with... \"It's done now you know\" \"Yeah\" \"They cant bother you anymore, I told you I could do that\" \"But wont they come after you...us?\" \"No...but we have to leave now if you're sure\" \"Yes, I'm coming with you.\" The great big empty space was filled with a sort of heaviness as if important things were always happening, just not that anyone could see or hear. Oskar moved methodically, doing his best to act normal. He was a businessman. That what he was, an important man with a meeting, and he couldn't be late. He exited the station carefully looking for what Eli had told him would be there. A bright white cab approached him as he stood on the snowy curb, and inside a scruffy looking man looked out silently sizing up the boy as if he were just another businessman on a trip. \"Im...Edward.\" \"Figured as much, that all you got?\" The cabbie said roughly. \"Y-yes\" \"Well kid I don't have all day are you getting in or out?\" \"In...\" The cab hopped out and took the box on rollers away from Oskar's hands. \"No!\" He said stopping himself when the cabbie looked back annoyed. \"Easy kid, I wasn't going to hurt your stuff. Whats in there trinkets from your trip or something?\" The cabbie didn't wait for a reply he simply lifted the box and placed it somewhat gently in the trunk. Oskar stared for a moment. That wasn't right, here he got to ride in a nice warm cab while Eli went in the back with no more care then an old sweater or gym socks. What if she woke up while they were driving? What if she got scared and tried to get out? He gulped trying to keep the fear he felt in his stomach. He got into the cab, quickly smelling the cleaning fluid smell and a hint of throwup. It was a different type then the ones in Blackeburg, these were for important people. People like his dad maybe when he went to work. Suddenly the cab pulled off, with no warning. Whisking Oskar away to some place new and exciting he was sure. ... Well you miserable oaf...is she coming or not. A quiet nod Excellent. It's been such a long time... A look down at the ground There are so very few of us...so very few. This calls for a celebration. I need two clients brought up instead of one Orevor. A nod. No junkies this time...proper clients. See if you can't find someone healthy for a change. Silence and a nod then stifled words. A boy? Her helper obviously... Orevor just stared straight ahead. and mentioned a word[Chapter 2] The first impression of the hotel was one of mediocre dislike. The building itself wasn't ugly or particularly dark, but it's location, its odd angles, not to mention its smell was not one that was inviting. It was the sort of place that people inhabited by force of habit, but not by choice. The building had been marked for destruction but was somehow spared. Some donor had paid handsomely to keep the block intact...for historical references. In any case the people who were regulars weren't the type to care much for historical accuracy. They were deadbeats mostly, stealing, selling drugs, selling themselves...meanwhile killing themselves quickly and slowly. The hotel was known to run a regular bout of prostitutes, but was 'overlooked' by many of the local authorities due to kickbacks and bribes. No one much cared about the souls that never seemed to re-emerge from it's doors, or why most of it's upper stories were blacked out, just that it remained clean outside, and that no litter cluttered the stoop. Juliane was never happy about this part. She was never happy about having to part with some of her hard earned money. Even if it was for Edgar. One day she would beat him up, take back the money and leave a kronor on his chest as a warning to anyone who might follow...one day. \"Is this it?\" Edgar said, the man's face curiously still as if he were trying to determine what he was going to do. The young woman shook her head once, shaking her obviously phony red hair piece. The snow was falling and the quiet back street was devoid of life, save for their figures and a man sleeping on a bench next to the Hotel Rhinastad. The young woman waited a moment for the inevitable. It was a scene that had played out every time she paid up. The slap came, not directly as last time. It knocked her to the ground, and her nose began to bleed. \"Next time you come to me Juli-baby...don't wait for me to find you.\" Edgar said menacingly. He was a rail thin man, with thin fingers wearing multiple rings. His tired eyes seemed to be constantly darting about, as if at any moment they might be interrupted. Edgar kicked her once, drawing a stifled yelp and then sobbing. His designer jeans were brand new, as was his sweater and member's only jacket. Julianne loathed seeing the grey jacket coming towards her in the late evening, it was a sign that pain and suffering was near. \"I'm sorry...please, Im sorry\" Juliane cried, hot tears burning her cheeks, as she begged for absolution. In moments Edgar had gone, leaving Juliane to pick herself up, straightened her hair and tried to regain her balance. Edgar was always careful to hit her on the side of her face, where the makeup wouldn't stain his hands, and it was easier for her to cover up the bruises, a small bonus she thought. She soped up the blood with a small napkin from her purse, then noticed the small drip of blood contrasted against the grey white snow in the alley. Sniffing her nose, she turned to leave, keeping her eyes fixed on the direction Edgar had gone. She left the alleyway, in the opposite direction, headed towards the hotel. A small figure stood across the street in the snow, luggage being emptied out of the back of the cab the figure had just left. The snow was coming down heavily now. Juliane's curiosity peeked when she made out the figure to be a blonde boy, no more then 15. Lost? Looking for his parents. His wallet loomed in Juliane's eyes, it was sticking out of his back pocket...like a small sandwich wrapped into so much butcher paper. \"Are you looking for something boy?\" Juli asked, her eye lashes batting at the strange child in front of her. He was country pale, plan and soft looking, and most of all clean. Yes, that's what it was he seemed clean, inside and out. \"Um...the hotel RodBostad? I have an appointment- I mean reservation.\" Oskar said, correcting himself. Juli had seen this sort of behavior before. The kid was new to the city, and she knew how that felt. Juli came closer, \"Let me help you...the hotel is right over there.\" The cabby noticed the woman, shook his head, and bellowed for his fair. \"Kid, that's 92 Cronor.\" The overweight cabby stated, his mustachioed face having little in the way of patience left. Juli watched the boy dig in his pockets and pull out several hundred Kronor. It was obvious that he had more. The Cabbie pulled off quickly and dirty gray snow sprayed back, landing in Oskar's face and on his clothes. He wiped himself, and Julia helped with the stuff that landed on his pale white face with a quickly withdrawn napkin. \"First time in Stockholm?\" She asked plainly. Oskar simply gave a sheepish shrug. \"I can carry one of your bags.\" Juli said eagerly. \"Since I know the way.\" \"Um, thank you\" Oskar said as the boy carefully followed with the box in tow, allowing her to take his small backpack. The odd pair made it across the street, to the stoop of the hotel. It was nearly 5 by the girls reckoning. But the boy looked like several miles past tired now. Must be a runaway she thought, and it made her wonder if this was how she looked at first. \"You look tired...\" Juli remarked as they walked on the grey and cold concrete pavement stones that had only recently replaced the cobblestone walk-way. \"I'm ok.\" Oskar replied, seemingly cheerful, though Julianne had her doubts. The boy seemed to being quite brave, but why? The heavy front door of the hotel was brown, and had huge metal handles. Ornate carvings on the wood panel above the door spelled out the words in big bold letters. opened by an odd looking man. His face was sullen and cold, he regarded Oskar with a nod, and allowed them entrance. Oskar entered first struggling with the box to gingerly bring it in. The girl followed ignoring a stern look from the man as she entered. She helped the boy, and was expecting compensation...it was the way things were.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 ... A Reservation Upon entrance to the RodBostad, most travelers would know immediately that this was not the hotel in the brochure. Stockholm was full of luxurious hotels, many with five star ratings. This place appeared to be just below a two, and frankly that was being generous. It's wide open front gallery housed paintings from the late 18th century, and old wooden statues of patrons of yore. The place seemed to swallow those who entered, as it got larger with each step from the entrance. The lobby of the hotel was well kept. It looked like a royal palace that some czar was long since absent from, and his servants had done their level best to keep up appearances. There were wooden beams all around, dust covered couches, an old tile floor that had begun to crack, the closer one looked the more one could see. In the air there was a sickly sweet smell of mold and something else that seemed to put all who entered at unease. ... Oreveor stood there looking at the blonde boy for a moment, completely ignoring the young woman beside him who chewed on bubblegum. He'd seen the woman before, she carried on with the prostitutes that gallivanted the neighborhood. They were good for the work, always attracting the sort that few would miss. Still he hated them, with their disgusting smell and work. He took a few steps behind the counter, and retrieved a small skeleton key with the number 9 written on it. He regarded Oskar and his luggage with a glare for a moment more and then spoke. \"Room 9...has been reserved for you.\" The man said. It wasn't so much said as mumbled. The mans' words sounded like a man whose tongue was either or missing. A small bell next to an old ledger was rung, and a large fat woman with large warts on her forehead and an odd countenance, came from a small room to the right of the counter. She was dressed in a stained white apron and old style maid's uniform, and her grotesque form, was matched by her smell. Orevor looked over towards the woman and nodded at the blonde boy he'd been told to expect. The woman nodded back and smiled at the boy showcasing several teeth that were missing. \"Alright the maid will show you up and get you settled.\" The boy turned to the young prostitute that had seen him in. \"Thank you.\" \"Oh, no problem..., Um you know, I kind of need bus fare. If you don't mind-\" Juli said eagerly. Orevor looked over the woman, understanding all at once that this was no lady at all. He tried to hide his disgust, and stared at the two of them in the awkward moment. The boy smiled and nodded, retrieving a hundred Kronor from his pocket and handing it to the woman. \"Thanks...hope you find what it was you were looking for.\" the girl said as Oskar followed the 'maid' towards and older style lift. \"Will you be needing a room Miss?\" Orevor asked in the same mumbled voice. \"Me...No...just helping a friend. Thought I could use your phone.\" \"Sorry the phone is for guests only.\" Orevor said, his mind reeling in disgust from the mere suggestion. 'Useless rotten slut, not bad enough she has to leach of the boy, she does it in here to me.' The whore glared at him, and walked towards the exit. A glance out the window told Orevor that he was running out of time. The sun had already sunk below the horizon, and he knew that She would awaken soon. He needed to act, and quickly, food would be required, and it was his night to procure it. ... Oskar nervously sat at the edge of the simple wood post bed. The room wasn't too small, just...old. It was larger than his room back home. He could smell moth balls, the pungent odor was almost stinging to his nose. There was a small windowless bathroom attached. 'Perfect' he thought, remembering what things Eli required. The wooden floors creaked; the TV looked older than the one from his grandmothers' house in Vallinby. It had one channel, a government news channel, and no chance of catching a better signal. There was a large window that had once looked out upon a river a few blocks away and the big city on the other side it. Now however it was blocked in with wooden boards and paint. Someone wanted to make sure that guests didn't have a great view, an odd business plan at best. The maid had settled him in quickly enough, though it had been a close one when she tried to help him unpack. \"Are you sure, it makes no difference to me, I get paid the same…?\" The maid said, about to move the heaviest box containing someone dear. \"I can do it thanks\" Oskar said as he almost pushed her hand away. The maid raised an eyebrow and said nothing, turning only to show the features of the room. \"Room in the closet, if you need the space, and the bathroom is connected through here, very forward thinking for the time.\" the heavy set maid said, her voice trying to sound cheerful in Oskar's eyes. \"I can handle it\" Oskar replied, doing his best to avoid drawing attention to the large box near the maids position near the door to the bathroom. \"If you need any-\" The maid tried once more, only to be cut off by Oskar's interruption. \"I'm ok... just um.\"He said \"Dinner will be served at 8:00 in the dining room, I will ring you...\" The maid said, and left her form wobbling away, and shutting the heavy wooden door. He now looked at the bathroom door, where he had left Eli. He didn't dare try and wake her. He wasn't sure if being woken up did something to her. He never liked being awoken...but then he wasn't a vampire. Now he sat alone in a strange hotel room, unsure of what Eli had planned. He was afraid, He trusted Eli...there was no doubt of that. But where had she taken them, how did she know this place was safe? How could any place be 'safe'? These questions racked his mind, and he lay back in the stiff bed, looking at a crack in the ceiling. He tried to squash his fear. He was going to brave. He'd been brave for Eli, before. The small clock on the table near the old television read 7:14, and Oskar closed his eyes just for a moment.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Room Service Her eyes snapped open, and a familiar smell came to her. \"Oskar...\" Sitting up, Eli realized all at once that she wasn't in a bathroom..or closet. She was somewhere else, somewhere bigger, she was somewhere dark and he was hungry. She smelled blood... It had been 3 days...she hadn't fed and he was hungry. The feeling made him angry, she had wanted to see Oskar's smiling face when she awoke. The double dissappointment didn't help. This hadn't been what she planned Giselle had said she could come back...she'd promised saftey...all things forgiven. If she had hurt Oskar... \"Hello?\" came a trembling voice from a few meters away. Eli's eyes adjusted to the light, it was an attic...it was 'the attic'. How had she gotten here? Where was Oskar. \"Is someone there? Please!?\" Eli spotted the source of the noise. A woman, sobbing, chained to the wall, her eyes searching in the pitch black for salvation. \"Help me!\" Eli grew closer. The woman was chained so that her arms were manticled behind her head her feet locked in place and she was on her knees. The girl struggled, trying to free her self. 'Giselle...' Eli thought. This was the sort of game Giselle played...she loved watching the display. \"Please, they did something to my neck...\" Eli could see what it was, a small laceration, that allowed a slow drip of blood onto the ground... \"Can you help me!? Help me...they could be back any second. Are you there!?\" Eli licked her lips. The girls heart beat was loud, almost defining. Each pulse filled Eli with just that much more longing. The blood was so close, she could smell the sweet coppery scent, almost taste the thick plasma...feel it gliding down her- 'It's not Oskar...It's not Oskar...It's not-\" She came close, putting her hands on the woman's face. \"It's ok...\" \"Oh thank you...thank-\" The woman seemed to wilt a moment before Eli bit deeply into her exposed neck... ... He was beautiful. She could see why Eli had picked him. Giselle couldn't imagine her little friend wandering around with anyone else. He slept with his mouth open, and everyone once and a while he moved his arm to his face. There was something precious there, Giselle thought. Something different about this one. Or perhaps Eli just wanted a friend. Either way the boy had followed her...no... he'd carried her. Yes special indeed. The question was why this one. Someone older would be able to protect her far better. Kronor was not all that was king...names and all those official numbers it made it harder for certain people to get by alone. The belongings spoke of a boy of twelve or thirteen she had guessed. Giselle got closer to the bed, bending over at nearly ninety degrees, bringing her slight frame towards his. Her nose drew close to his neck, drawing in the intoxicating smell of him. The boy smelled...not unlike another she had had a while back, of course he was older, and had tasted like- ... \"What are you doing?\" Eli said, her small form surprising Giselle. She was standing at the rooms' entrance her mouth dripping with fresh blood that had dropped to stain her gray turtleneck sweater, as her eyes glared at Giselle. Her tone wasn't one of fear, because she new the way Giselle thought. The more precious an item, the more Giselle wanted at it. Oskar was no item, but she knew that to dangle something in front Giselle that she couldn't have was to invite trouble. Giselle liked fashion, always the nicest and the newest things she could find. Her nose was adorned with a gold ring that stood out from her pale skin. Here nearly platinum blonde hair was long and braided like a fashion model that Eli had seen once in one of the advertisements Hakan used to read. She fancied herself gorgeous, a trait that was both sickening and annoying for any who remained in her company for more then a few days. \"Shh...do you want to wake him. Poor thing didn't even hear me move you...a poor protector you've chosen. Has he killed for you yet?\" \"Giselle you promised me\", Eli's voice didn't waver, she knew what Giselle was capable of. To many times her promises were broken, her words were often as reliable as her shifting mood. \"I did. Did you appreciate your gift?\" the woman smiled slightly almost as if she was truly hopeful that Eli would appreciate her kindness. \"Leave him alone\", Her voice was firm and unyielding. \"What makes you think I was going to do something?\" Her large black eyes turned back to Oskar swiftly swallowing him with a gaze. The dark room would have hidden her almost entirely save for the fact that Oskar wasn't concious to notice. The only light was partially blocked by Eli's form, and even she would have been tough to see. \"He's is a pretty one though...where did you find him?\" \"You promised me Giselle.\" Oskar stirred turning over on his side. Giselle bowed her slightly towards Eli and sucked her teeth with a sigh. She left slowly her eyes wandering back to the boy. \"Clean up, you look a mess. I'm going out.\" the Giselle said her hand gracing Eli's chin for a moment. She left quickly her tight fitting red dress shimmering in the artificial light of the hall as she left.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Warmth and the Nordiska Kompaniet \"He did a number on you this time.\" Said a tall young woman with black hair and pale skin. Her posture was more relaxed than the last time Juli had laid eyes on her. \"No you did, shorting me that money Liza.\" Juli said, the complaint clear in her inflection \"Hey, I don't recall you getting preachy when I let you have that rich guy last week.\", Liza replied, taking along drag from a recently borrowed cigarette crammed between her bunched cold fingers. Her boney legs were covered with tight black fishnets that ended at a pair of very high black boots. Her makeup was also black, and completing the gothic look, was an old heavy leather coat that had seen better days. Liza styled herself a punk, but Juli knew better, it was all a costume, a lure for a certain clientele near concerts and music shows. The girls liked to gather near the square when they got the chance, and almost always when they didn't have 'clients'. It wasn't that Juliane liked them all that much, but friends were not as easy as money to come by. The colder nights they'd seek shelter at a dive bar run by Liza's ex-boyfriend, but tonight it was packed out, so they huddled for warmth and for company. She rather preferred to be alone, but there were times when the group had protected her, sometimes a John wouldn't be happy about the limited service he'd received, and Edgar wasn't around. Even if he was, he was rarely any help. So they gathered in front of the Nordiska Kompaniet, squabbling about their problems, each insulting another until the early morning, all the while looking for a ride or a trip to a local hotel to make a few more Kronor for the next evening's rent, food, or in most cases, drugs. \"You got back here fast...?\" Liza said, raising a thin darkly painted eyebrow. \"A boy gave me some change.\" Juli replied quickly, remembering her pleasant moment with Oskar, and the isolated situation he might be in. \"Oh-\" Liza smiled. \"Hope, he was cute.\" \"No, not for anything...he was just being nice.\" Juli snapped back, disgusted to think that a innocent boy like Oskar would be considered a client. \"Right, and next you'll be telling me that bruise is from a run in with a chimp from the zoo\", Liza said as she took another puff. \"I don't have to tell you squat.\" Juli said sharply, tiring of Liza's innuendos. The tv's behind Liza's head caught her attention. Some headline about three boys being killed in Blackeburg. The newscaster couldn't be heard through the window, and so Juilane's attention turned back to her girlfriend's. Her eyes narrowly missed a picture of the little blonde boy she had helped out of a cab earlier in the day. The picture wasn't quite current as the boys' hair wasn't quite so long. Most people who watched the news that evening would have seen the boy's face, but would have pushed it aside, what the nightly news reporting escalating tensions between Moscow and the US, as Nato wanted to build missiles in Norway and so the 'Erricson' story was but a fifteen second clip, attributed to drugs or some other vice. Juliane's eyes wouldn't have caught that detail, her nearsightedness notwithstanding. Her eyes instead had turned to the ugly tallish man who approached one of the girls on the other side of the Alley. She knew the man, though her poor eyesight didn't give her enough to recognize him at first. The girl was new, not a regular, maybe someone who had just arrived in their area. Girl's like that were in a dangerous spot, if they didn't have a friend to watch their back, they were in for a hard time. The man approaching her seemed familiar however. \"I think...I know him\" Juli said, blinking once and trying to remember where from. \"Sure, he's your dad probably come for a free round.\" Liza said, flicking her finished cigarette to the ground. \"Liza I'm sure I've seen him...that hotel down by the river front...that was it. He runs it I think.\" Juli offered, trying her best to remember the salient details from earlier. The sight of the man filled her with a mixture of fear and disgust. \"Can we go...not much traffic tonight, maybe we'll see someone at the club.\" Liza's sharp voice wasn't at all concerned. \"He must have followed me.\" Juli continued, her mind now almost transfixed on what the man was doing. He seemed to be searching for someone, like a clinical search, emotionless… she felt something malevolent- \"Are you coming are staying? It's freakin' cold out here, and I don't have time for another of your psycho moments.\" \"They aren't psycho moments, I feel things is all.\" Juli said dismissively. She didn't expect Liza to understand, it wasn't insane, and it wasn't just when she was high, she was sure of it, she could feel when someone was dangerous, she had a way of sensing it. \"Whatever, just don't start that when we get to the club, it freaks people out. Come on.\" Liza said picking up her purse from a nearby ledge and walking away. \"I'm Coming… it's just...\" Juli stayed a moment longer, observing the man and his actions. Her eyes watched as he nervously propositioned one of the girls on the other side of the small square. The new girl agreed. Money most have been good, or she wanted to get out of the cold. The man was more than hideous. She was reminded of an old movie with Boris Karloff. One she had seen with her mom at a night special. The odd pair left together getting into the man's car, and in moments they were gone. ... Eli sat there looking at Oskar. She wanted to tell him that she was sorry. But he was asleep, never knowing what had almost happened to him, just how dangerous where they were could truly be. Still it was safer than them being out there. His loss was still fresh...she knew how these things worked. The people would worry themselves a little while; there might be a story or two in the papers. Maybe even a full search of his village, whatever that place was called. In the end they would give up. To them Oskar was just one little boy. To Eli he was so much more...he had saved her, had given her something she could never take. He was more than just a boy...he was love...pure and simple and so strong that Eli sometimes wasn't altogether sure it was real. Was this… love? Was it the feeling of having hole in your stomach whenever someone was gone too long? It was too close to hunger, and She had confused the term before, but now just seeing him sleeping, she was almost sure she was right. She begged herself to be right. He had left what he had to come with her, she had barely even had to ask, and when she did she already knew the answer. Still...how could Oskar see what she did not? What had she done to deserve him, surely it couldn't have been something she had done, yet there he was just the same as if by some odd mix up in the delivery of some package. She entered the bathroom, and stared into the mirror, noticing the now dried blood that covered the covered the side of her lips, and had crusted around her jawline. She used the napkins on the bathroom sink and some water from the barely functioning sink to wipe away the stains. She was always a little amazed at how easily it disappeared. Blood never stained flesh for some odd reason, almost as if it refused to identify the one who released it. She returned to the room and her space on the bed. She lay beside Oskar, feeling his warmth, breathing his comforting smell. She wondered what he dreamed of, whether or not she was in them. She couldn't remember the last dream she had. What she saw when she slept she dare not repeat, lest she frighten him. Images of times that had no mercy, where there was nothing but the desire to feed, the cold times. The loneliness that still threatened to swallow her whole. Yet Oskar was there, like the knight she had dubbed him, waiting to defend her from the scary thing in the shadows. All at once she saw him stir, and roll over towards her. His eyes opened, but in the darkness there wasn't much he could discern. \"Eli...\" \"Yes Oskar, I'm here\" Eli replied, \"Are you ok?\" Oskar's voice was a whisper. \"Yes, I missed you\" She said looking down at his face and tangled hair. \"I missed you to. Did you...eat?\" The question hung in the air. A long pause seemed to last for minutes until it was broken. \"Eli?\" Oskar asked aloud in a voice just above a whisper. \"Oskar I have to tell you. You must be careful.\" Eli spoke plainly, trying her best to make him aware. \"I thought you said it would be safe.\" Oskar's voice seemed uncertain. \"It will be when I'm awake.\" She replied, eager to set his fears at ease. Oskar tried to sit up a little in bed, Eli stayed where she was blankly staring off into the space that used to be the window. Oskar now pulled himself towards her so that his head was in her lap, looking up into her eyes. She looked down quickly...smiling slightly. \"Then I won't got to sleep until you do.\" Oskar said playfully. \"No silly, then what will you do during the day?\" Eli laughed a little to. \"Sleep like you do. Like a real vampire\" Oskar continued, but this time The words made Eli nearly cringe. That was not what she wanted, or needed. \"Oskar don't say that.\" She protested, moving so that his head dropped into the bed. \"Why not-\", Oskar continued, clearly unaware of what line he'd crossed. \"You must be careful this place...it's where Giselle lives.\" Eli replied, deciding to change the subject. \"Who is… who is she?\" Oskar tried to sit up a bit, \"She's like me. She looked after me once a long time ago. When… when I was alone.\" \"Oh, she was your friend?\" \"Sometimes.\", Eli replied, trying not to think of Giselle that way. \"...like your sister then?\" Oskar continued, trying to guess. \"No… just, you have to leave here before the sun comes up, her people... I don't trust them.\" \"But what about-\" \"Oskar please...\" she looked down at him as if it meant forever, her eyes reflecting the dimlight from the underneath the closed hotel door. Oskar nodded slightly, finally pulling back from his questions. \"We only have to stay like this for a few days, maybe a week then we can go.\" \"Really?\" Eli could hear the boy was already falling asleep again. \"Yes, but please be careful.\" \"Eli...do you love me-\" There was silence as Eli hesitated for a moment...her hand reaching slowly to Oskar's forehead stroking away a strand of blonde hair from his face. Eli didn't know when he'd fallen asleep, only that the boy's body went limp slowly; as if his mind was returning somewhere she had stolen away from him. \"I think so.\" she said softly her eyes closing tightly begging something within her to mean it.[Chapter 6] Oskar woke up in the small, rarely slept-in bed. He wasn't sure of the time, but it was light out, as he could see a few streaks of light through the covered window. A long thread of light had crawled to his eye, like a knife cutting him back into the world of the waking. Had he dreamed it all? As he took a breath, he recognized the same odd crack in ceiling, and realized all at once that it was real and that he was starving. He rolled over almost crushing a note from Eli. In the closet, Lock it and take key with you when you go. Please don't come back until sundown. -Love Eli. Oskar decided to do as Eli asked and paused for a minute at the closet door listening to the sounds she made inside. A low quiet rumble notified him of her presence, enough to reassure him she was resting comfortably. He retrieved the old lead key and placed it in his pocket Now...where was the food. After he started to dig through his bag He thought he smelled toast. He opened the hotel door to find a tray of breakfast. A bowl of what looked to be oatmeal, a piece of toast and two eggs. It was a meal fit for a king, he thought...wondering how long it had been there. It was fresh, and the oatmeal was still warm. He looked down the long hallways of rooms, and saw no other such breakfasts waiting on patrons. As he returned to his room he snapped on the light, and the dull glow of artificial light filled in the darkness. He began to eat, his stomach rumbling as he bit into the piece of toast. When was the last time he had eaten so well? He couldn't remember, and he simply gobbled up the rest so quickly that he almost scared himself. The TV refused to work. Frustratingly he took a shower, stopping to look at the red splotches at the bottom of the trash can. They were bloody tissues. Oskar stared at them for a moment, then into the mirror in front of him. The realization of Eli's particular eating habits never seemed to get any easier. Each time it happened, Oskar tried to get over the uneasy feeling he discovered within himself, however it wasn't always easy. 'She has to eat...' He shut out the images of how she procured what she needed, and got dressed. As he finished he looked back to the closet door. The note from Eli seemed to indicate that he was endanger, but so far whomever she had made arrangements with had been-, he hesitated to say nice. Still they weren't evil, were they? Anyone who cooked such a good breakfast could not be evil he concluded. Giselle wasn't a scary name, but he imagined that if she was like Eli, that she had to eat to. He wondered if Eli didn't know him, if she would consider him for a meal as well. This thought disturbed him a little, and helped make his mind up to go outside. He got dressed and after a minute he'd found his ski mask, tucked in the bottom of his bag. His mother forbade him to wear the mask it after she'd caught Oskar playing at the game of criminals and cops with Johan. No Johan, but Oskar still relished the idea of pretending to be the blood thirsty 'Eric Hjavel'...the mass murderer and master thief he'd had created to foil Johan at each turn. His mother had thrown the mask away, but Tommy had found it, and Oskar had paid 25 Kronor to get it back. He said goodbye to Eli, kissing his hand softly and placing it on the center of the door. He scribbled something on the note and placed it by the door. He put on his backpack, locked the hotel room door, and began to explore his new criminal kingdom. The rooms on the third floor were all empty, and what he did find wasn't very interesting, a dead rat in a storage closet, a broken lock on room 14. He'd had fun pretending to have broken in with his knife and threatening those inside with being butchered, otherwise it was completely boring. The smell of the hall was like the potpourri his mom used in the bathroom, to cover up the worst of smells. He'd spotted the fat maid on the second floor, changing out sheets. He avoided her completely sneaking by her and back up to the third floor. On the landing he spied the fourth floor, a long chain hung on makeshift door to that level. He approached the door carefully, peeking through the small keyhole. Inside he could see a long corridor just like the one on the third level. There was almost no light, but he could spy out a lit candelabra near the end, with a pair of doors with yet another lock. He could almost make out something that looked like a mirror near the end of the hall. It looked like a small ball of flame with a - \"You aren't supposed to be here!\" The loud mumbled voice made Oskar turned around quickly. The figure of Orevor looming over him wasn't pleasant. He was wearing the same uniform as he'd worn the first day, except it now seemed more unkempt than before. The man was carrying a black plastic bag, long rubber gloves, and a thick plastic apron. \"I um-\" \"Get back down stairs. Now!\" Orevor bellowed, grabbing Oskar by his collar, nearly throwing him down the first flight of stairs. Oskar ambled away the man, running down the stairs until he'd hit the lobby, and continued out the doors hitting the bright light of day. He stopped only to take a breath when he had reached a block away. ... \"Is that mess cleaned up?\" A nod... \"Did I here yelling?\" \"The boy ...came up this morning...I chased him away\" \"Boys are curious Orevor...did she awaken?\" \"No...\" \"She's hard to deal with during the evening...let alone the day.\" \"The body...?\" \"I'll finish it, you should check 17...make sure the girl is comfortable'.\" ... \"Do another one!\" A small girl yelled out as Edgar approached the meeting place. He hated the Vesterlanggatan, too many damned Tourists, too many kids out of school on the weekend. A street magician was making cards disappear to the delight of small crowd of little girls. The magician obliged the girl, doing the same simple trick. As he walked by Edgar 'accidentally' bumped into the man knocking the extra cards in his jacket out. He smiled as some of the girls cried. \"Jerk!\" One of them called as Edgar flipped the small group the bird and made his way to some tables at a small street side cafe a few meters away. He looked at his gold watch... 1:00 pm ...he was on time. He sat down, ordered wine and played the big shot for a few minutes before his meeting. He was dressed in the latest leather jacket from Armani, and he felt the luxurious red and black made him look like an odd cross between a motorcycle racer, and Al Capone. He hadn't shaved that morning and his thin face was marked by his long protruding nose. He was extremely proud of his tight Levi's, and his long well permed hair. It didn't make up for his looks, but the fact that he had money...that did plenty to sooth his ego. He sipped on the wine, watching the street performers and passersby. He'd had a good week, but was still 7000 Kronor short. It wasn't like he owed the others a lot of money, he always paid his debts...and they knew it. \"Comfortable?\" two older men in plain clothes said as they came to join Edgar at his table. \"Of course. You're late.\" Edgar said not even looking up from his glass. \"Sure...but so are you.\" Edgar looked up at them slightly nervous. The larger man didn't have a smile on his face. \"Hagar, it's only 7000 Kronor, you know I'm good for the money why the fuss?\" Hagar sat down, he was a man of at least 60, gray hair, graying beard, and he always wore the same brown jacket. The other man Edgar had seen at a couple of the gatherings. He was Hagar's man. How much money did one need to have to get a manservant who'd kill for you? Edgar asked himself, but shelved the thought for a better time. \"The guys are getting nervous about you. You're getting flashy, new car, new clothes every week, you might be my son in law but you can't walk around like king of the jungle Edgar. You're late in your payment this month.\" \"My boys near the library are a little slow; cops are trying to get to the kids. I lost a boy yesterday, how is that my fault?\" \"I never liked you and your kids anyways. Damned disgusting if you ask me-\", his uncle shifted in the chair, uncomfortably on the subject of Edgar's new endeavor \"People are willing to pay for taboo uncle, and they pay damned well for kids.\" Edgar continued, leaning in. He never understood his uncle hesitancy. There was a demand, and he filled it, wherein was he wrong. Supply and demand was all there was in the world. \"Maybe, but if you get found out no one will know you. I already wish I didn't.\" His uncle responded, opening a small case with cigarillo's. He pulled one free and looked for a light. One of his me approached lit it, and stepped back, a few paces, keeping an eye on the other patrons. \"Money is Money Uncle. I learned that in France, and it works here to. I could make twice what I do if you guys would get off of my back once and a while.\" Hagar grimaced, just before ordering a beer for himself from the waitress. He waited until the woman was out of earshot and then spoke up. \"I don't care Edgar. Just get the money by Friday.\" \"What? Your joking-\" Edgar asked incredulously. \"Do whatever you have to Edgar. But I can't protect you and I can't pay your debts, thats not the way it works. Get the money and stop acting like a fool.\" Hagar's face was stone, and his words harder. Hagar was finished, his man servant tapped Edgar on the shoulder. That usually meant it was time to go. In moments Edgar was walking back to his car alone, mulling over how he was going to get 7000 Kronor in just two days. ","Summary":" Chapter 1: The Boy at the Train Station \"Why not farther away?\" \"They won't find us...I promise"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"Getting back on your feet","Author":"EL Grand Loco 82","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9631056","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a pleasant night at the Mousekitwitz home especially now that little Fievel was finally home. Papa happily played his violin and Fievel and Tanya danced around arm and arm. Tanya couldn't have been happier finally getting to dance with her brother again and Papa happily played on his violin. It was like they were all back home in Russia once again, even Mama who was still trying to get Yasha to sleep couldn't have been happier to have her family whole again. Of course the little purse they lived in wasn't nearly as big as their home back in Russia so Fievel and Tanya were knocking down more than a few objects as they twirled each other. But neither Papa nor Mama minded, it was worth it just to have the whole family back together again. When the children had finally tired themselves out Papa offered to tell them a story, but the story everyone really wanted to hear was all about Fievel's adventure in America. The family had gotten bits and pieces from Tony, Bridget and Tiger and Fievel did mention climbing into a bottle in the ocean, but he never really talked about everything that happened to him while they were separated. Papa however felt it was best not to press the issue, having been an orphan himself; he knew how hard it is when you suddenly find yourself alone, especially in a strange land. He felt that Fievel would open up when he was ready to and was just content having his son alive and back home. Since having gotten home Fievel had never gone very far from Papa. In fact he pretty never wanted to leave either Papa or Mama's side, he wouldn't even come to the top of the purse to look down at the city or up at the stars, though Tanya had invited him outside several times, he always just wanted to stay in like he was afraid to go out. After once again telling his children the tale of The Giant of Mouse Minsk, Papa sent Tanya to bed but decided to have an extra moment with Fievel. Tanya looked back with a bit of a worried expression wondering if her brother was really okay after everything he had been through, she just wish that Fievel would talk about it. Fievel climbed up on his Papa's lap as Papa pulled his son close, \"Fievel\" Papa said with a bit of a melancholy expression, \"you know I lost my parents when I was a boy\" he said \"I know what it's like to suddenly find yourself lost and alone, so if you ever want to talk about anything, you know I'm always here for you.\" \"I know Papa\" said Fievel trying to put on a brave face, obviously covering up whatever he was really feeling at the moment. \"Get some sleep my son\" said Papa smiling \"we have a big day ahead of us selling violins\" \"I can't wait\" Fievel said excitedly, his look and demeanor now looking much more genuine. Fievel couldn't wait to help his papa sell violins; he also couldn't wait for his papa to finally teach him to play. He never had a chance when he was in Russia, but now that they were together again Papa said that he would finally teach him how to play his special song. Fievel changed into his night gown and crawled into bed next to his sister, Mama gave him a good night kiss \"good night my darlings\" she said leaving the room. \"Good night Mama\" both Fievel and Tanya said at once. Fievel closed his eyes and tried to think happy thoughts to put himself to sleep, just then he heard the voice of his sister beside him. Tanya really didn't want to wake Fievel up, but she didn't get to have any time with her brother since he got home always attaching himself to either Papa or Mama. She really wanted to know something about his adventure, even if it was something small, well she decided to start small and then work her way from there. \"Fievel\" Tanya asked in a whisper \"Yes?\" Fievel asked with his eyes still closed \"Did you really come up with the idea for the secret weapon?\" She asked, though she had already known he had, but this seemed as good a place as any to start. \"I had an idea\" Fievel answered back still with his eyes closed and not even facing his sister. \"How did you come up with it?\" she asked \"Can I tell you later?\" Fievel said back in a voice that made it all to clear he really just wanted to be left alone. \"Oh sure\" Tanya said turning herself to face away from her brother, she couldn't help but be a little upset and sad, all she wanted was to help her brother, but as Papa said they couldn't push him and that Fievel would open up when he was ready to. But still, it broke her heart to think that whatever Fievel was going through, he was going through it completely alone. That always worried her when they were separated, the thought of her brother lost and alone, she had actually been pretty happy when she learned that he had made some friends and was amazed one was even a cat. But it was pretty clear that those friends weren't always there and Fievel really did have to fend for himself. Not to mention that place where they had found him, Tony suggested they look around orphan alley, he had lived there himself, said it was the saddest place in the city full of nothing but broken dreams and lost hope. Tanya was someone who was full of hope even when the family was at their lowest, she was even writing a song called \"Dream to Dreams\" all about hopes and dreams, and she couldn't imagine a night in a place where it was all gone. By this time Fievel had completely fallen asleep, it started out dreamless but quickly turned into a nightmare, a nightmare about the night he lost his family. He was back at the top of the ship and the waves were all turning into giant monsters, pounding the ship one after the other. \"Papa, help!\" Fievel screamed as one big monster wave came and literally threw him overboard. He then heard the sounds of Papa frantically screaming his name as the ship moved one way and he was washed the other. Then in a flash he was standing next to Warren T. Rat in front of an opening door, thinking it's his Papa on the other side. Only for a giant hand to pick him up and reveal a scary face of a giant rat named Moe, who laughed maniacally scaring Fievel literally half to death. It was then he realized that Warren T. had just sold him to a sweat shop and was never going to let him see his family again. \"What about my family?\" Fievel asked \"You don't need a family kid, you god a job here\" Warren T responded The images finally stopped when he finally heard the voice of his sister whispering in his ear, telling him everything was okay. Fievel had been talking in his sleep, repeating everything he had seen and heard, Tanya wrapped her arms around her brother in an attempt to comfort him \"It's okay Fievel\" she said \"it's okay, I'm here\" she saw that her brother really did need her help, just like when he was lost and she believed he was still alive. She didn't give up on him then and she wasn't going to give up on him now. To be continued.[Chapter 2] Mama was preparing breakfast for the family, all the while giving Yasha her daily breakfast of milk from a bottle. Fievel slowly came walking in robbing his sleeve against his eyes trying best to cope after the night he just had. Tanya followed behind him tying her red busuka around her head. \"Good morning my darlings\" Mama said \"you had a good night? \" \"Yes Mama\" Fievel lied; still trying to act like everything was okay. Tanya put a hand on her brother's shoulder knowing full well that he had done anything but slept well the night before. Fievel quickly shook off the contact trying to avoid anything that would give away that anything was wrong with him. He hated doing such a thing to Tanya and being around her was hard enough. He still remembered Tanya happily telling him that she knew that he was alive and how Mama and Papa both thought he was dead. He didn't want Tanya thinking that there was something wrong with him, he didn't want any of the family thinking that, but he felt more comfortable around Mama and Papa then he did around Tanya who had put such faith in him, faith that not even his own parents put in him. Papa joined them and Mama served breakfast for the family, Fievel despite being a big eater, severed every piece of his food, still remembering what it was like to be starving on the streets. \"So Fievel are you ready to help me sell some violins?\" Papa asked \"Yes sir!\" Fievel responded enthusiastically Papa chuckled, he was more than happy to see moments when his son was actually not hiding his feelings and acting like his old self again. He also though it might help to have Tanya along as well, the more children he had with him, the more it might increase his chances of selling more violins, esp. if people saw he had a family to support. \"Would you like to come to Tanya?\" Papa asked \"The more the merrier!\" Tanya eyes brightened, she loved watching Papa playing and selling violins and it give her some more time with her brother, maybe she could even get him to open up a little. \"I would love to come!\" Tanya said excitedly \"And while you're at it\" Mama added \"you can also hang some of this laundry up.\" \"Okay Mama\" Tanya said, just happy that she was invited to come along. As soon as the three climbed out of the purse Fievel was the first to literally jump onto the little basket that bought them down to the street, without even hesitating. He never liked staying on top of the purse, mostly because he didn't want to look down, he only felt safe when he was on the inside. Tanya quickly followed holding the laundry in her hand, followed by Papa with a handful of violins to sell all wrapped in a blanket, and all hand made by him. The three walked along the busy Hester Street filled with all sorts of mice who were buying and selling things and just doing their daily mundane activities. After finding a spot, Papa then started playing hoping to attract an audience. He played quite a few lively tunes and mice would often stop by to glance at him, some even started to form a little crowd. Fievel sat next to his papa and watched him with glee, often tapping his foot to the beat. Tanya danced around while she hung up the laundry on a small clothes line underneath a human clothes line in an ally way, taking in the sound of papa playing lively on his violin. When Papa was finished all the mice clapped and just then Fievel opened up the bundle of extra violins, which Papa held up offering 50 cents per violin, and one dollar to anyone who wanted to learn how to play. While some mice did buy violins, others just offered money for giving them such an enjoyable show and others actually asked for lessons. Fievel gave out the violins to those who had bought one, tipping his hat to each and every person. \"Fievel\" Papa asked \"could you go see how Tanya is doing?\" Fievel expression suddenly turned from happy to worried, he didn't like the thought of leaving Papa's side, and suddenly he remembered the cat attack that had happed right on this very street. It made him think that any moment something could happen and he could be separated from Papa all over again. \"But Papa\" Fievel said meekly \"I would rather stay with you\" \"Fievel\" Papa said back \"Tanya is right over there, just go over and see how the laundry is coming along, it will only take a moment, and when you come back I'll still be here.\" \"Yes Papa\" Fievel responded, unfortunately Fievel wasn't paying attention when Papa had pointed out which ally Tanya had gone into to hang up the laundry and a nasty surprise waited for him down the one he did go down. \"Tanya?\"Fievel asked, looking around for his sister, but he didn't see anyone there \"Well, well, well, what do we have here fellas?\" came a voice from behind him Fievel slowly turned around only to see the three orphans who had bullied him the night he found himself on Orphan Alley, all of them with nasty smiles on their faces. \"So I guess were not good enough for you?\" said Sammy the one with the big hat on his head \"Yeah after we even gave you hey to make yourself a bed\" said Roc the cubby one with long hair \"Then next morning you up and disappear on us\" added Simon the one with the glasses \"I found my family\" Fievel replied weakly literally scared that something bad was about to happen to him. Why couldn't Papa have just let him stay with him? The three orphans all looked at each other with a mix of confusion and anger \"How did you find your family!\" demanded Simon \"I spent years looking for them and got nothing!\" \"They were looking for me\" Fievel responded back with a completely pleading look on his face. \"Is that where you got the stupid hat from?\" Sammy asked with a vicious smile, \"a welcome home gift from mommy and daddy?\" Roc then quickly grabbed the hat from Fievel's head, \"how about a game of monkey in the middle?\" he said smiling The three boys then all tossed Fievel's hat around as Fievel ran around trying his best to catch it, but every time one caught it they would toss it to another, all three of them chanting and laughing \"monkey in the middle\" Tears then started to well up in Fievel's eyes as now his fear was starting to turn into frustration and anger. Just as Roc caught the hat and without even thinking Fievel grabbed Roc's arms and bit it real hard causing Roc to scream out in pain and drop the hat. Before Fievel could do anything else Simon and Sammy both grabbed him and shoved him hard to the floor. \"So you want to play tough, huh?\" Sammy asked angrily \"let's see how tough you really are\" \"He's mine\" Roc said angrily Sammy and Simon both separated allowing Fievel to see Roc who was clenching his fist together ready to pound them into the little mouse. \"You are gonna regret the day you ever met me\" Roc said with a look of pure hatred on his face \"Hey Potato for brains\" said a voice from behind him Roc turned around only to get decked real hard in the face, he then literally collapsed right onto the floor face first Fievel watched as Roc went down hard and slowly looked up to see his friend Tony Toponi looking ready for a fight. Fievel quickly got up and ran behind his friend; Tony gave him a reassuring smile before turning around to face the orphans again. \"This mouse is with me\" Tony said sternly to both Sammy and Simon \"I suggest you back off before you end up like your friend here.\" \"We're not afraid of you!\" Simon said \"Yeah, bring it on!\" added Sammy Just then Roc got back up and both Simon and Sammy smiled \"See\" said Sammy, \"there's three of us and only one of you\" \"Oh you might want to rethink that\" Tony said cracking a smile Just then a big shadow emerged over the three orphans and the three of them turned around only to be face to face with a certain big orange cat \"Hi ya fellas\" Tiger said smiling The three orphans all looked at Tiger eyes wide \"You're a?\" said Roc meekly \"A cat\" Tiger said finishing his sentence \"Let's get out of here!\" Roc screamed and with that all three orphans ran out of the alley screaming and literally running by Tanya with the folded up laundry, who now wondered what was going on and having the same curious nature as her brother decided to check it out. Tony picked up Fievel's hat and brushed it off as Fievel sat on the floor doing his best to try and get his bearings after everything that just happened. \"You all right Philly?\" Tony asked extending his hand to help Fievel off the floor \"Yeah I guess so\" Fievel responded passively, Tony handed him back his hat, rather than put it on Fievel just held it in his hands \"Gee, what was that all about?\" Tiger asked \"It was nothing\" Fievel said \"That was nothing?\" Tony asked surprised \"Philly those guys were about to pounce on you.\" \"Yeah Fievel, you should really be more careful\" added Tiger \"I was being careful!\" Fievel snapped \"Sorry\" Tiger responded putting his head down. Tony looked at Fievel with a mix of surprise and concern; Fievel had never been forceful with anyone, at least not anyone that Tony had seen, especially those who were his friends. Fievel having realized what he had just done looked up Tiger with his ears down and a completely apologetic expression. \"I'm sorry Tiger\" Fievel said blinking back some tears \"Fievel\" Tanya said coming upon the scene with a look of pure concern \"Fievel are you okay?\" \"He's fine\" Tony responded for him \"just had a little run in with some bullies, I think it was those punks from Orphan Alley.\" \"Yeah, but we took care of em real good\" added Tiger showing that he had completely forgiven Fievel for snapping at him. \"Yeah I don't think their gonna be bothering you again\" Tony said looking down at Fievel, with a smile Just then everyone heard the voice of Papa calling, \"Fievel, Tanya\" Papa called out. Fievel quickly ran out of the alley way and over to Papa, putting his hat on. \"Is he really okay?\" Tiger asked Tony more than a bit worried \"Tiger I think our friend is pretty far from okay\" Tony responded looking back up at Tiger Just then Tony looked over to see that Tanya was still there and was looking at them both with a worried expression. \"Maybe you shouldn't have said that in front of her?\" Tiger said Tony gave an annoyed look \"maybe you shouldn't have asked me that question in front of her\" he replied \"Its okay\" Tanya said \"I'm worried about him to, he never wants to leave either Papa or Mama's side and he won't talk about anything that happened.\" Tony and Tiger both looked at each other, it was pretty obvious Fievel was anything but fine, of course Tony was anything but surprised, Fievel had gone through a lot. Getting swiped into the ocean in the middle of a raging storm, getting sold to a sweat shop, chased by cats, taken prisoner by them and then getting lost in the middle of a fire only to end up on Orphan Alley, not to mention missing his family the entire time, yeah Tony was anything but shocked. Even Tiger had more than a little understanding of what Fievel was going through and why he was keeping it to himself. When he was with the Mott Street Maulers he often spent his time hiding who he really was, otherwise the gang would reject him outright and with the Maulers you were either with or against them. \"He did go through a lot\" Tony finally responded \"Like what?\" Tanya asked \"I don't think that's our place to tell you\" Tony responded \"but let's just say, it was a lot\" \"I just want to help\" Tanya replied looking slightly let down \"You are helping\" Tony replied with a smile \"She is?\" Tiger asked \"Sure she is, she's there for him, just like we are\" He said turning back to Tiger before finally turning around again to face Tanya again \"just be there for him when he needs you and trust me he's gonna need you.\" Tanya smiled at the words of encouragement from her friends, though she really considered them to be Fievel's friend, but any friend of her brother was pretty much a friend of hers. Just then she finally paid attention as Papa was calling for her, she quickly hurried out of the alley way with Tiger and Tony coming out behind her. Papa smiled as he saw his daughter, then saw the two friends of Fievel who had both helped to reunite the entire family. \"If I remember correctly, you are Tony\" Papa said looking at the Italian mouse \"Yep, you got it\" Tony said tipping his hat to Papa \"And you are Fievel's cat friend\" Papa asked \"I'm Tiger\" Tiger responded with a bit of a smile \"Please forgive me; I am still not use to actually seeing a friendly cat.\" Papa said sheepishly causing Tanya to giggle and Fievel to even crack a little smile. \"We should get going\" Papa said looking down at his children, \"we still have many more spots to visit\" \"Yeah we should get going to Tiger\" said Tony \"we still got papers to sell\" \"You're selling papers?\" Fievel asked curiously \"Newspapers\" Tony said \"gotta make me some money if I want to be able to provide for Bridget when she gets back.\" \"Where did she go?\" Tanya asked \"Chicago I think\" Tony said \"Her and Gussie expanded the no cats movement around the country, hoping to rally other mice in other cities to unite against the cats. I decided to stay here and watch over things, plus make some money of my own, maybe I'll even get rich. \"Yeah and I'm his business partner\" said Tiger with a smile \"Business partner and mode of transportation\" Tony added \"with all the papers that Tiger here can carry, we'll be rolling in dough, and Bridget will be so impressed when she gets back.\" Tony said with an optimistic smile. Just then Tony looked up at Tiger when he finally realized that he didn't have any of the newspapers on him. \"Tiger\" Tony asked worriedly \"where are all the papers?\" \"I left them back in the alley\" Tiger responded, \"at least I think I did\" he added with a confused look \"Ugh\" Tony responded with an annoyed look \"okay let's go found them before there all gone and we end up getting fired.\" \"We can help to\" Papa then offered always being more than willing to help out if need be \"That's okay we wouldn't want to keep you\" Tony said \"It's no trouble at all, it's certainly the least we can do\" Papa responded \"So long as it is okay with you Fievel\" Papa added \"I guess so\" Fievel said responded with his hands in his pockets \"Are you all right my son?\" Papa finally asked \"I'm, I'm fine\" Fievel responded with his best half smile The four mice eventually all went to a corner next to where Fievel had his run in with the three orphan mice. Tony and Tiger had been there taking a break since they had been out since the crack of dawn selling papers, Tony even used the gimmick of Tiger being a big friendly cat who would do tricks for kids if their parents bought a newspaper. Thankfully all the papers still seemed tol be sitting there much to Tony's extreme relief. \"Still there\" Tony exclaimed happily \"next time just bring the papers with you Tiger\" \"Sure thing Tony\" Tiger responded feeling more than a little embarrassed that he had left all the papers behind. \"Here you go Mr. M\" Tony said handing Papa a paper \"free of charge\" \"Yeah but don't tell anyone, we could get into big trouble\" added Tiger. \"Thank you Tony\" Papa said graciously taking the paper \"come now children, we still have much more to do\" Papa then told Fievel and Tanya To be continued[Chapter 3] Tanya stood a top of the purse that was her family house, she looked out below the city and her mind drifted to Tony's words about Fievel having gone through a lot. She knew that even if Fievel did tell her everything there wasn't anything that she could do about it, what happened, happened, and she herself had done all she could do to help her brother. She then started to hum her new song Dreams to Dreams to herself, she still hadn't shared it with anyone, she hoped that Fievel would get to be the first that she would sing it to, little did she know she was about to get her chance. Fievel was inside the purse watching over his little sister Yasha while Mama cooked and Papa built more violins. It was not like Fievel to ever want to watch over his baby sister, though in truth Fievel really did love both his sisters, he took off in the middle of a cat attack just to keep her from crying. Though with everything that had happened Fievel doubted if he would ever do something like that ever again; while Mama and Papa cooked, Fievel amazed his little sister with tales of The Mouse of Minsk and The Mouse with the long hair, knowing full well she couldn't really understand him. But Yasha did often smile and move excitedly when Fievel would often get up and start acting out some of the scenes, just then Fievel decided to tell Yasha another little story. \"You know that big statue out on the ocean Yasha? Well I know the pigeon that's building it, his name is Henri and he's the one who told me too \"never say never,\" I would love for you to meet and to see his statue. Want to know how I met Tiger? Those mean cats had captured me when I went down into the sewer thinking it was Papa playing his violin, but Tiger helped me escape.\" Yasha looked up at her brother with eyes wide open just seeming to enjoy the sound of voice, even if he was whispering it so no one would hear. Fievel as far as he could tell just liked that he could tell a little bit of his story, without having anyone feel sorry for him or judge him or ask him questions that would lead him to think about things he really didn't want to think about like the sweat shop or Warren T. Rat. Just then Yasha attention got drawn to above the purse, it sounded like someone was singing and from the sound of the voice it was Tanya. \"Dreams to Dreams in the dark of the night, when the world goes wrong I can still make it right.\" Tanya sang catching the attention of everyone inside the house. \"Tanya singing again\" Papa said with a chuckle \"one of these days she's going to upset the neighbors\" Yasha looked around trying to find where the melody was coming from, she then looked at Fievel almost as if asking him to go up there and find it for her. \"Perhaps you could go up there and get her to come down, it's almost time for dinner\" Mama said Fievel looked down at Yasha again who just smiled up at him, \"why me?\" he asked Yasha just smiled and giggled, telling Fievel in her own baby way that she wanted him to go bring Tanya back for her. Fievel who would do anything for his little sister then shot up from his spot. \"I can get Tanya\" Fievel said \"Are you sure?\" Papa asked surprised knowing full well that Fievel never wanted to go up there, esp. without him or Mama \"Yeah, I can get her\" Fievel said with a nervous tone \"I'm not so sure that is a good idea Fievel\" Mama said with a worried tone As much as Papa wanted to agree, Fievel was never going to overcome anything if he and Mama kept him down when he was finally ready to at least try. Besides Tanya was up there and she wasn't going to let anything happen to Fievel, no one in the family was. \"I think it's a great idea\" Papa said with smile \"just don't take too long out there\" With that Fievel slowly climbed up and peeked his head out of the purse where he saw his sister leaning up against the handle singing the song loudly too herself. \"I can see, so far in my dreams, my dreams will come true\" Fievel got to his feet and stood behind Tanya for a second not saying a word, just listening to her song, he smiled a bit, remembering his own dreams of finding his family and discovering America. \"That's beautiful\" Fievel finally said Tanya turned around only to be face to face with her brother who had his hands in his pockets and a bit of smile of his face. \"Fievel\" Tanya exclaimed happily as she gave her brother a hug happily surprised that her brother had finally found the courage to come outside. \"Do you really like my song; I'm still working on it?\" Tanya said pulling away so she could talk to her brother Fievel smiled, \"it's great!\" he said then he looked past his sister and out into the city as the sky was getting dark, the stars were coming out and the moon started raising. It suddenly reminded him of the night he spent at Bridget's, just then he unknowingly started talking \"Just like at Bridget's!\" Fievel said \"What's like at Bridget's?\" Tanya asked curiously Fievel had just realized his mistake, for a moment he thought of just denying everything, but he had already done that so many times before and made Tanya feel bad in the process. Sighing Fievel finally decided to share something with his sister. \"The moon, the stars\" Fievel said looking up \"When me and Tony stayed with Bridget, I watched it come up over the city, I wondered where you were. It's not as nice over here as it was over there, I wish you had been there, you would've loved it\" Fievel said now looking at Tanya with a sad smile, still remembering just how lonely he had felt. \"I often stood here wondering where you were\" Tanya replied to him smiling \"I would come here and look down at the city to see if I could see you, day and night.\" The words bought a big grin to her brother's face though he still kept his hands firmly in his pockets showing he was still a little nervous being up there. \"Thanks Tanya\" Fievel finally said \"For what\" Tanya asked leaning her head against the handle of the purse and looking back up at the moon. \"For never giving up on me\" Fievel finally said, \"even when\" Fievel ended it there though he wanted to tell that while she had never given up on him, he had in fact completely given up the night he spent on orphan alley. He didn't even believe it when she heard his voice calling for him or when he had initially heard Papa's violin playing, he had told himself he was imagining things and that he would never see his family again. He really didn't want to tell her that though, and the fact that she had never given up even when everyone was telling her that he was dead made him feel all the more worse about it. Tanya turned around when she heard Fievel about to continue then just randomly stop, for a moment she thought about pressing him to keep going, but then decided to just leave it as is. She instead smiled and pulled her brother into a loving hug. \"I will never give up on you, ever\" she whispered into his ear. Just then both siblings heard the sound of Papa calling out to them from down below. \"Fievel, Tanya, time to come down you two!\" he called out Fievel and Tanya jumped back inside the purse, mama looked at them with hands on her hips, and she specifically focused on Fievel \"Now didn't Papa tell you not to take so long?\" Mama scolded \"It's fine Mama!\" Papa interjected \"I think our children needed to spend a little time together.\" From the glow around his daughter and even the more relaxed look on his son, he could tell that it was time well spent. \"Oh papa\" Mama said before turning to Fievel and Tanya \"come now you two, you have to wash up and have your supper before its gets cold\" she said picking up Yasha's bottle. \"Yes Mama\" they said at once While being picked up by Mama, Yasha looked over to glance at Fievel and gave him a happy smile. Fievel gave a little smile back, happy he had finally done something right for his little sister and bought Tanya back. To be continued[Chapter 4] The next day a large crowd of mice gathered around all watching a certain big orange cat that was doing his best at juggling and not doing the greatest. Tiger would constantly drop the balls and every now and again would trip over himself, but all the kids in the crowd loved the sight of the big lovable cat. Meanwhile Tony took full advantage of the crowd selling papers to whoever stopped by to watch Tiger attempt to perform a trick, if they had kids he would often use the sell point of the paper having a little game or story that that the kids could enjoy. \"Get your papers here, only 25 cents\" Tony would say holding the paper up \"Read the news or have some fun doing a crossword with your kids.\" Once the show was over and the audience clapped, Tony went over to Tiger with his cat full of coins. \"So how'd we do?\" Tiger asked looking in \"Not bad, though I think you got to learn some more tricks, the juggling act is starting to lose em\" \"Don't worry Tony, I've already got my next act all lined up\" Tiger said pulling out a small little mouse doll \"Meet my little friend Henry\" Tiger said smiling \"Hi Tony, pleased to meet you\" Tiger said attempting to disguise his voice to sound like a mouse and making it pretty obvious he was the one who was talking. \"First thing\" Tony said pointing at the doll \"that is not a dummy, that's a rag doll\" Tiger looked at the doll with a confused expression \"And second you use that and many of the mice will probably get the wrong idea.\" \"Like what?\" Tiger asked still looking a bit confused \"Cat\" Tony said pointing at Tiger, and then he pointed at the doll \"mouse\" \"Figure it out buddy\" Tony concluded \"Oh, oh\" Tiger said smiling sheepishly, then he quickly hid the doll out of site \"I knew you had some brains\" Tony said patting Tiger on the leg \"Hey Tony\" said a small voice from behind them Tony and Tiger both looked over to see Fievel approaching them being followed by his sister Tanya. \"Hey Philly and uh\" Tony struggled trying to remember Tanya's name, normally he was good at remembering names, but seeing as how the two only had a handful of encounters and when they first met they were all desperately searching for her brother, he let her name escape him. Mostly due to never having needed to really use it before. \"Tanya\" Tiger chimed in excitedly \"I remember, your name is Tanya\" \"Nice to see someone remembers my name\" Tanya said with a smile \"Hey I remember your name, I just got a lot on my mind is all\" Tony said defensively \"Oh yeah, is that you keep calling my brother Philly?\" Tanya replied back Tony crossed his arms over his chest, he didn't like getting mocked too much and besides its not like changing names was anything new to America, everyone here had a new name or nickname. \"Oh yeah and didn't anyone give you a new name?\" Tony replied back \"I hate that name\" Tanya replied back with slight annoyance \"You got a new name?\" Fievel asked turning to look at his sister finally \"why did you get a new name?\" \"I don't know, it was never explained, but I hate it\" Tanya said thinking of how much the name Tilly just didn't fit her \"Oh yeah and what is it?\" Tony asked with a bit of a smile \"Tilly\" Tanya finally said rolling her eyes a bit \"Hey doesn't Tilly rhyme with Philly?\" Tiger asked \"Philly, Tilly\" Tony said smiling \"it works\" \"I hate that name\" Tanya said annoyed \"Tilly sounds nice\" Fievel replied \"I hate that name!\" Tanya responded with a slight scream and extreme annoyance \"Sorry, I was just trying to help\" Fievel responded. Normally Fievel would've just kept on with his playful teasing but it was pretty clear that he wasn't trying to tease her at all. Tanya tried to quickly think of something to help her fix her mistake but Fievel just put his head down with only his hat showing and with his hands behind his back walked to the side of the street, still in eye view but by himself. \"Fievel wait\" she tried calling out to him as he sat by himself and rolled up in a tiny ball just waiting for Papa to come and pick them up. \" Good job Tanya \" she thought to herself, just when she finally thought she was getting Fievel to come out of his shell and finally managed to get him to step five feet away from Papa, who was currently giving musical lessons to a group of children she up and loses it over a silly name. \"Sorry\" Tony chimed in seeing that unlike her brother she was a lot less open to having her name changed. \"Tanya it is\" he said trying to smooth the tension \"I think Tanya is a very pretty name\" Tiger added Fievel sat by himself once again feeling like he had completely messed up, he could barely do anything right anymore he thought to himself. He just wanted to make Tanya feel better, just like he wanted Yasha to stop crying back in Russia when he attempted to chase away the cats. Of course both ended in disaster and now he really wished he had just stayed with Papa instead of going off with Tanya to see Tiger and Tony. At least with Papa stuff like this wouldn't be happening Meanwhile up on a rooftop Henri the pigeon sat looking down at all the mice in the city, he had heard that they had finally all gathered together to do something about the cats and from the looks of it the rumors were true. The mice all walked around going about their lives, none running or hiding, of course Henri knew that there were more cats in America, but in this city, they had stood their ground and the cats knew they were a force to be reckoned with. \"Now this is America\" Henri happily thought to himself with a smile He happily watched as unbeknownst to him Papa Mousekwitz lively played his violin for a group of happy children and parents, and he even bore witness to Tiger trying to do tricks for another group of kids. Tiger so far was one of the very few cats to have been seen since the mice drove out Warren T. Rat and The Mott Street Maulers, and a friendly one to boot. As Henri was about to fly back to Liberty Island to finish his statue, he finally noticed a familiar looking hat belonging to a certain mouse who was sitting by himself. \"Could it be?\" he asked himself looking down to the figure sitting curled up in the corner Meanwhile sitting in an alleyway not far from Fievel, Tanya sat resting her head on top of elbows, Tiger and Tony sat across from her nobody saying a word till Tiger finally spoke up. \"Cheer up guys, I'm sure Fievel will be all right\" he said with a smile \"he's just stunned is all\" \"Yeah, yeah I'm sure your right\" Tony replied, of course both could see their words weren't helping Tanya who sat across from them looking miserable \"That's it!\" Tiger finally said \"we got to help our little buddy\" \"And I know just how were gonna do it!\" \"Oh this should be good\" Tony said putting his hand to his head \"We hang Fievel off a clothes line and splash water on him, and then when it falls we catch him, that way he won't be scared anymore. \"Yeah that's assuming we don't scare him to death first\" Tony responded \"NO!\" Tanya said finally speaking up, not liking the idea of making Fievel any worse then he already was, and now starting to think that despite her own good intentions that maybe she really wasn't helping him at all. Meanwhile back on the street Henri finally managed to get a better look at Fievel, he had often wondered about the little mouse and if he had managed to find his family. From the looks of it Fievel was sitting alone, making Henri think that maybe all was not well. Maybe he could give the little mouse a helping hand; he'd hate to see him lose hope. \"Fievel, my little friend\" Henri said slowly flying down to approach the little mouse Fievel looked up and not being able to see Henri clearly he panicked, screamed and ran thinking something was attacking him. He wasn't looking where he was going and crashed into a vendor, nearly knocking the whole thing down. \"You all right kid?\" the vendor asked looking down at Fievel who was laying on the floor in pain Just then Tanya came running out of the alley after hearing Fievel's scream; she saw Fievel on the floor with some knocked down fruits from the vendor that he had crashed into. \"Fievel!\" she screamed running over to him just going by her older sibling instincts at this point \"Fievel, are you okay?\" she asked kneeling down in front of him \"Fievel it is all right, it is me Henri\" Henri told the little mouse who looked up at him panicked and breathing hard, before finally hugging onto his sister real tight \"Its okay little brother, I'm here\" Tanya said hugging him back and echoing the words she would repeat to Fievel when he would have one of his nightmares \"So you did find your family\" Henri exclaimed happily having heard Tanya refer to Fievel as her younger brother Fievel finally looked up at Henri seeing that it was the face of the first friend he had made in America and not a predator out to eat him. He finally managed to calm down but was still breathing hard. \"Henri\" Fievel finally managed to say \"I'm sorry, I thought it was\" \"No apologies my friend, I should have known better then to startle you\" Henri replied with a smile. Henri could clearly see that he had unintentionally scared the boy and now just wanted to try and make him as relaxed possible. Even after finding his family it still seemed like Fievel's struggles weren't over yet, maybe there was something he could do to help. Just then Tony and Tiger approached, \"this bird giving you trouble Fievel?\" Tiger asked trying to act tough and with the desire to protect his friend, even if he was still a scaredy cat. \"Relax Tiger\" Tony responded putting his hand up \"I think its okay\" \"My apologies\" Henri said bowing to everyone \"my name is Henri, Fievel is a friend of mine\" \"Yeah you were the first person I met when I crawled out of the bottle that bought me here\" Fievel said \"you told me to never say never\" he added finally getting up with Tanya's help \"Wee, wee and it seems you have taken that advice to heart\" Henri said back happily \"I tried\" Fievel said shrugging, still remembering his night on Orphan Alley \"Don't sell yourself short\" Tony said smiling \"you did great\" \"I'm Tanya, Fievel's sister\" Tanya said courtesying to Henri, happy to meet yet another one of Fievel's friends \"Pleasure to meet you Tanya\" Henri said \"has Fievel told you about my statue?\" \"You have a statue?\" Tony asked with a bit of a laugh, not taking the statement very seriously \"And who might you be?\" Henri asked \"Tony Toponi the name\" Tony said putting his hand out \"put it there\" Henri shook Tony's hand and tipped his hat to him \"My name is Tiger\" Tiger said clutching his tail and smiling \"Fievel's our buddy to\" \"Please to meet you\" Henri said \"and yes I am building a statue in the doorway of America called Liberty\" he responded in his French accent \"Liberty, wait a second that's not that statue there building out there on the ocean, is it?\" Tony asked in disbelief \"the one that's supposed to stand for freedom?\" Tony couldn't believe that this pigeon was really claiming to be the one building that statue. Or that Fievel would really have that kinda luck to meet the one who was building the statue that everyone was going to be dying to see. Then again Fievel did tend to have some pretty strange luck when it came down to it. \"Wee, wee\" Henri responded \"that it is indeed\" \"It's true\" Fievel said, \"I saw it\" \"Yes you even helped me a little with it\" Henri added, \"she is nearly done and looking beautiful, perhaps you would like to see her?\" \"You could bring your family and friends; I would love everyone to see her when she is ready.\" \"How would we get there?\" Fievel asked \"Fly of course\" Henri responded \"you've done it before\" \"I would like to, but, I don't know\" Fievel said putting his hands behind his back As of right now there were several thoughts going through Fievel's mind, thoughts of everything that could go wrong being so high up in the sky, not to mention being above the ocean. Would he even survive a second drop into the ocean? He barely survived the first one as it was. \"Yeah I'm with Philly\" Tony said \"we mice were meant to keep our feet to the ground\" \"I would like to see his statue\" Tiger said \"I would love to see it to\" Tanya said excitedly \"that's if Fievel wants to see it\" she said putting her hands behind her back \"I don't know\" Fievel admitted \"I mean what if something happens?\" Henri could see what was going on with Fievel; the boy had found his family again, now he was afraid of losing them again. The boy had been scarred by his experience, and those scars were never going to heal if didn't allow himself to see that not every risk ends badly. But he couldn't force Fievel either, only make the invitation and hope Fievel would trust him not to allow anything to happen to him, or any one of his family of friends. \"Well there is no rush, there is still more work to be done, but when you are ready the invitation is always there\" With that Henri soared high up into the sky as the mice and their one cat friend all watched after him. There was still work to be done and he wanted to finish up as soon as he could, he had put so much time and hard work into building his statue, now the time had come for her to help someone who was in need. To be continued ","Summary":" It was a pleasant night at the Mousekitwitz home especially now that little Fievel was finally home"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"My American Tail","Author":"shattered-glass-slipper1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8466554","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My American Tail By Shattered-glass-slipper1 Author's note: All \"The American Tail\" characters do not belong to me. They belong to the creator, David Kirschner. Only Abigail DuPont (dew-paw-nt) is mine. Introduction Abby DuPont Height: 5 ft 6 in Eye color: bright green Hair color: wavy brown, waist length w/ golden high lights Skin color: light tan Abby DuPont as a mouse Height: 3 1/2 in Fur color: golden brown Pet peeve: getting pushed around and everyone not being treated fairly. Personality: loyal, kind-hearted, tempered strong will, loves kids, has an adventurous spirit, and a great sense of humor. Hobbies: singing and drawing Note: This is my first story on fanfiction. I would appreciate any reviews, pointers, suggestions and/or ideas to help me get started. Thank you and I hope you enjoy my story! :)[Chapter 2] Note : All \" An American Tail \" characters and songs DO NOT BELONG TO ME (not yelling, just afraid of being sued) They all belong to their rightful owners. Only mine are Miss. Gooseburye and Abby Du Pont (dew-paw-nt). I'm so sorry that it took so embarrassingly long to update this story. I hope you will all still enjoy my first story! Again, my apologies. Some's out there for me by: shattered-glass-slipper \"Well…this is it.\" Abby thought as she packed the last of her belongings into her beat up, old duffle bag. This was Abby's last night at the orphanage .Which you would think that she would be happy, considering that not only was it difficult to find a family at the age of 14 but also that everyone wanted a family to love and be a part of. But you see that was Abby's problem. The family she was going to live with wasn't like that at all. Oh, they were good people and wouldn't treat her poorly. It's just that the couple had no warmth or softness to their features. They only had cold, sharp expressions on their faces. *Nock* *nock*….\"Come in.\" Abby said as she set her things by the side of her bed so they would be ready for tomorrow. The door creaked open to reveal Miss. Gooseburye, a short, old lady with a wrinkly, granny-like face. She wore her gray tresses up in a messy bun, and fancied a librarian like attire. \"Are all of your things packed, deary?\" she asked as she took residence on Abby's bed next to her while giving her a sweet, cheeky smile. Abby couldn't help but smile weakly at the plump woman. No matter how bleak things seemed, somehow Miss. Gooseburye could always make it better. \"Yeah\", Was all that she could say. She was really going to miss Miss. Gooseburye. Especially on Sunday after church when she would make her homemade pies and cakes for the service and extras for the kids at the orphanage. Miss. Gooseburye could tell that Abby wasn't fond of the idea of living with Mr. and Mrs. Babington. To be perfectly honest they didn't seem like a couple that would be interested in caring for a child. But they told her that they needed a young girl to raise and teach their ways so that one day she would marry their rival company's son and unite their million dollar businesses. As medieval and old fashioned as it was they were still an eligible couple that were well off, highly suitable and could take care of Abby with great ease and treat her well. Besides that, she had no say in the matter what so ever. Her job is to simply care for the children until they find a proper home, that's all. \"Deary, I know things are going to seem so different from when it used to be, but you must look at it as an opportunity!\" She said as Abby looked at her with weary, questionable eyes. \"You are a very gifted artist, my dear!\" she stated as she glanced at Abby's old, raggedy sketch pad. \"The Babington's will be able to send you to a very high ranking school in arts where you can utilize your artistic talents!\" Abby didn't think of it that way. She heard that the Babington couple were well off but she didn't think that they were, well to put it any simpler ' rolling in the dough'! Of course she met them and could see that Mr. Babington was a short man in his late fifties with his gray hair slicked and combed back in a pitiful attempted to cover his large bald spot and was dressed in a very nice, silk suit. Mrs. Babington was a chubby woman in her mid-forties with shoulder length blonde dyed hair (you could tell it was dyed because you could see some gray hair from where the dye use to be). She had a very bony, bird beak-like nose and wore too much make up while wearing a fancy day-time dress. But she figured that they were just trying to make a good impression. \"Yeah, I guess your right…..thanks\". Abby said trying to muster a small smile. \"And you could always right to us and tell us how you're doing, your problems, questions or if you just want to talk on the phone you can do that too. You have my number don't you?\" \"Yes, I do\". Abby pulled out her cell phone from her pocket just to double check. It wasn't anything fancy, just a cheap, small pay as you go phone for emergencies because she had to walk home from choir practice on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays after school and the church was a good long walk from the orphanage. Though she was able to get a ride on rainy and snowy days. Miss. Gooseburye took Abby into a big bear hug and told her everything was going to work out somehow. Abby returned the hug right away, burying her head into Miss. Gooseburye's shoulder so she couldn't see the silent tears that were streaming down her face. But little did Abby know that Miss. Gooseburye was doing the same. As the both pulled apart from their hug but still in arms reach and could both see each other's tear streaked faces they couldn't help but let out a slightly choked chuckle. \"Oh, I almost forgot what I came in here for!\" Miss. Gooseburye said as she pulled a rectangular shaped present wrapped in purple (Abby's favorite color) Shinny paper and ribbon from her inside jacket pocket. She set the lovingly wrapped gift on Abby's lap while Abby stared at her questionably. \"Whats this for?\" She asked as she gazed at the gift now in her hands. \"It's a 'We love you and will miss you when you go' present\". Her Cheeky smile returning once again. Abby started to tear away at the paper that soon revealed a cassette tape. \" An American Tail \"!? She exclaimed with glee on her face. An American Tail was Abby's favorite movie. Ever since she was five she would watch it over and over again until it was on the verge of wearing out. The reason she liked it so much was that she really could relate with the characters. How things could seem completely impossible no matter how hard you try but only get that much harder if you give up hope or being forced and pushed around by someone just because their bigger than you or in Abby's case older. She really liked everyone in the movie but her absolute favorite was Tony Toponi. He was smart (street smart), funny, sweet, brave and pretty cute (for an animated, talking mouse, of course). She knew it was weird thinking a talking mouse was attractive but she just didn't care. She often imagined herself as a mouse and going on fun filled adventures with Tony, Fievel and the gang and leaving this world behind. But as many other dreams, they don't last long and sooner or later you have to wake up to the cold world that is reality. Still, it would never stop her from trying. \"Yes!\" \"We all knew how much you love this movie and thought it would be a nice piece of home to take with you!\" She said with joy knowing Abby liked the gift. \"Thank you…thank you so much!\" Abby said as she took Miss. Gooseburye into another hug but this one being filled with happiness. Miss. Gooseburye gave Abby a small peck on the head as her way of saying \"you're welcome\" and slowly released her from their hug. \"I'm glad you like your gift, but it's time for you get some rest. You start out in the morning fairly early\". She said with a slight hint of disappointment in her voice knowing their conversation had to end. Abby's face once again fell at the thought of what tomorrow would bring. Leaving Miss. Gooseburye, her friends, her school, her choir mates, room, home and her life for something that was completely foreign to her. \"Foreign, that's right\". She thought to herself. \"Fievel and his family left their home to go to America. They left everything they knew and loved to make a better life for themselves. If they had the courage to travel half way across the world, then at least I could try and give my new life a chance. Like what Miss. G said, 'When a door closes, a window of opportunity opens\". And with that, Abby hugged Miss. Gooseburye goodnight and changed into her favorite tie dye pajamas. When she turned off her lights, she headed for her window to gaze at the stars for the last time in her room. She started to remember the scene when Fievel and Tanya were singing into the star covered night sky and before she knew it she was singing quiet enough not to wake anyone but loud enough that you could hear if you were in the same room. \" Somewhere out there, beneath the pale moonlight\" \" Someone's thinking of me and loving me tonight\" \" Somewhere out there, someone's saying a prayer\" \" That we'll find one another in that big somewhere out there\" \" And even though I know how very far apart we are\" \" It helps to think we might be wishing on the same bight star\" Just as Abby sang that verse, the biggest and brightest star that was nestled in the middle of the sky gleamed and sparkled, like it was listening to her soft voice that carried a silent wish and was trying to tell her something. But that was impossible, right? \" And when the night wind starts to sing a lonesome lullaby\" \" It helps to think we're sleeping underneath the same big sky\" \" Somewhere out there, if love can see us through\" \" Then we'll be together, somewhere out there\" \" Out where dreams come true\" As Abby ended the song, a single tear escaped from her eyes as she gazed upon the brilliant star for one more moment with one unspoken request before returning to her bed. She curled up in her bed while buried her head in her pillow and slowly went to sleep. But little did Abby know that someone or \"something\" was listening and granted her heart's wish. I know Its really short, noting all the time I had. I was actually done with this chapter a while ago but my computer locked itself and prohibited me from uploading this chapter. I hope your not too disappointed. I'm still new to uploading things, but I promise to do better and try to make the next chapter longer. So on the other hand, that's chapter one. I hope you liked it. Please review and tell me what you think. I'm open for any ideas, suggestions or informs, ECT. Thank you and have a nice day![Chapter 3] Hello to all who have read, followed, faved or reviewed my story! First of all I want say sorry that this is not a new chapter and thank you all who have read, followed, faved and reviewed it! I'm am so happy that you like it! Also that I have every intention of finishing this story and am almost finished with chapter 3. I just started college and it really ate up all of my free time. But rest assured that the next chapter is on the way with many to follow! Thank you again and I promise to update soon! Hugs and thumbs up from, Shattered-glass-slipper1[Chapter 4] Note: I don't own \"An American Tail\" or any of its characters, settings or songs or anything else. Only Miss. Gooseburye, Abby Du Pont (dew-paw-nt) and any additional characters belong to me. I'm so sorry this chapter took so long. I was in a slump and couldn't figure out how to make this chapter work. But, I finally figured it out and i hope you enjoy it and again I'm very sorry for the long wait. Please ignore any possible incorrect spelling and/or grammar. I read this over and over (I even had my mom read it!) before submitting it, but there could still be flaws that I missed :) On with chapter two! A new beginning By shattered-glass-slipper1 The streams of sunlight leaked from the window into the room as Abby began to stir from her sleep. Her head was pounding from crying so hard and losing too much hydration. Though she was in pain she could still detect a slight scent of breakfast in the air. She couldn't make out what Miss. Gooseburye was making, but the smell was unusually irresistible. At the sudden thought of Miss. Gooseburye a question popped into her head. \"Why didn't Miss. G wake me?\" \"Didn't she say I had to start out early this morning?\" Abby thought to herself. She slowly opened her eyes only to have them quickly shut and draped over with her arm to block out the sunlight that her eyes were not yet prepared for. After her eyes were fully adjusted, she attempted to open them once more, but this time succeeded. What Abby saw next shocked and scared her speechless, her headache long forgotten, but the pain still lingering. She was not in her room. On normal circumstances this wouldn't have been something to get upset over, but this was most certainly not normal. It was small like Abby's room, but was filled with life sized inanimate objects as furniture. The bed she was currently residing in was a fairly large tarnished makeup compact that had been robbed of all its sweet scented powder with nothing left inside but its old yet soft powder puff and a cracked mirror with plenty of shards missing. To her right side stood a wooden spool that if she was standing would come up to the height of her hip. On top of what seemed to be a nightstand (the spool) was an old chipped bowl that was filled with water and a raggedy cloth by its side. 'Probably for washing my face.' Abby thought as she scanned the rest of the room. At the end of that thought Abby froze like a timid deer caught in headlights. For across the room was a chipped mirror that was crookedly hung on the wall. The reflection in the mirror was more than to say frightening for her. For who or what she saw in the mirror staring right back at her was a young animated female mouse! She had similar features to Bridget, but in ways completely different. Her cheeks were rosy like Bridget's and had a single brown stripe down the bridge her nose, but she had no freckles and the end her nose was dark brown. Her eyes were a dazzling emerald green that were each framed with a golden rim and decorated with long flirtatious eye lashes. Her hair (though in its current state was rather messy) was a lovely dark brown with golden streaks that if combed through would have fallen to just above her mid-back. On each side of her head was a quaint mouse ear that was now folded back from fright. The fur that coated her skin was a medium tan color and she wore some kind of unfamiliar man's undershirt that hung loosely on her petite form. With all the courage she could muster, Abby slowly slid to one side of the bed, still not taking her eyes off the figure that was mimicking her movements in the mirror. She cautiously walked from across the room and approached the mirror while she drew her hand-now-turned-paw up to the unfamiliar being while it did the same. As she finally made contact with the cool surface Abby's fear had been confirmed. The mouse in the mirror was her. Abby stared at what she dared to call her reflection, her expression on her face was blank yet her mind was the complete opposite. Her brain was rummaging through her endless thoughts and questions. Trying to think of a reasonable explanation for why this was happening. Was she still dreaming? Did the pain from her former headache cause her to hallucinate all of this? Was this some kind of sick prank? Did she completely lose her mind? Or was this really happening and she's really a mouse!? Abby's brain couldn't take it anymore, from her hopeless task to finding an answer to the throbbing pain in her skull; Abby did the only thing that seemed logical at that moment. She screamed. The second she stopped she heard a pair of rapid footsteps make their way to her door. Then with a sudden burst of the door an old mouse about the same age as Mrs. Mousekewitz, rushed in with a worried expression on her face. \"Vhat iz it!?\" \"Vhat iz vrong!?\" Asked the mouse with a thick German accent. Abby stared questionable at her. 'Whats wrong!?' 'WHATS WRONG!?' 'I go to bed like any other normal person in the world and wake up as an animated mouse in some stranger's home in God knows where and you ask me \"Whats wrong!?\"' Abby screamed in her head glaring at the plump mouse for only a second. Her rage died in what felt like an instant as she gazed at the worried woman's expression. Whatever happened to Abby it wasn't her fault and it would be wrong to take it out on her. For all she knew she could have been sent to another orphanage or much worst rather than a nice warm bed with someone who seemed to be worried about her well-being. Then she realized that the middle-aged mouse was still waiting for an answer. So Abby thought of a quick cover for her sudden outburst. \"I …uh….just had a nightmare.\" She lied, hoping it was a good enough excuse not cause suspicion. She gave a questionable look before a wave of relief seemed to wash over her features. During this time Abby took it as an opportunity to take in the foreign mouse's appearance. She was about a head shorter than Abby. Her hair that was slowly turning from dark brown to gray was in a large bun that had a single thick braid wrapped around it, like a floral garland crowning her head. The color of her fur was also a dark brown with a single light tan stripe that connected her nose to her forehead and her face was cream colored like Abby's. Her eyes were a small and beady hazel, but the only reason they looked that way was because of the thick lenses of her spectacles she was wearing that made them seem tiny. She wore a simple auburn work dress with a worn out apron that had a few tattered patches. Abby could see that she was obviously German due to her traditional attire and her thick accent. Her face was warm and kind; she somewhat slightly resembled Miss. Gooseburye in a way. Then Abby realized that the mouse had asked her a question that she was too focused on her to quite catch. \"Excuse me?\" Abby asked politely, remembering her manners. Once again the mouse smiled as she exclaimed, \"Vat a very polite voung lady!\" Abby mentally rolled her eyes at the old mouse's exaggeration, but was also slightly flattered that she thought of her as a \"young lady\". \"Vat I said vas, are vou hungry?\" \"I made sume Butterkäse Brötchen (buttery cheese bread rolls) vith some Kamillentee (Chamomile tea)?\" 'So that must have been what smelled so good!' Abby thought as her mouth inwardly watered at the memory of the enticing smell. \"Yes! Very, thank you!\" She said with no hesitation. Happy with her reply, the mouse quickly scurried out of the room. As quickly as she had left, she returned with a freshly clean folded set of clothes in her paws. \"I vashed and folded vour clothez for vou.\" She said as she held them out, ready for Abby to take. Abby had some uncertainty about taking the unfamiliar clothes, but quickly dismissed it and took the clothes offered to her. \"I'm very zorry zat I could not give vou vne of my nightgownz to zleep in.\" \"Zey were unfortunately all dirty and needed to be vashed.\" She said with sincerity in her voice. \"I hope my husband's night shirt vas comfortable?\" She said more like asking a question hoping to be answered. Abby gave her a small, but sweet smile. \"Yes, thank you very much.\" She said with gratitude. Satisfied, the mouse was about to leave once more to return to the kitchen when she remembered something. \"Oh, I'm zo zorry Dear, I forgot to azk vou vour name!\" She exclaimed, not believing that she forgot something as simple as asking her name. Abby paused for a moment and let out a sigh as though she was about to get something important off her chest. \"My name is Abigail Du pont, but my friends call me Abby.\" \"Oh, Abigail Du pont, vat a lovely name vou have!\" She marveled using her full name with zest. \"Zo, vou are from France?\" \"Vou do not have a very theack (thick) accent.\" She stated with confusion. Abby thought only for a second, but gave up seeing as though she could not come up with a reasonable excuse. \"I'm an orphan\" Abby finally admitted. The mouse who's face was once a cheerful smile was now a saddened stare. Ignoring her facile expression, Abby went on. \"I know nothing of my birth parents.\" \"I've spent all of my life in an orphanage.\" \"The only reason I know that my name is \"Abigail Du pont\" is because of the name tag that was tied to the handle of the basket I was found in, or so I was told.\" She still kept silently staring at her as Abby continued. \"My life has not been all lonely; some of the other kids are very nice and I had Miss. Gooseburye!\" Abby added with a hint of happiness in her voice, remembering her friends. The old mouse smiled as Abby told her about the wonderful memories she had with Miss. Gooseburye and some of the other children. \"I was to be adopted to a family today, but they were very cold and unfeeling people. \"Iz zat vhi vou ran avay?\" She asked. \"No, that's the part I don't understand!\" \"I was all packed up to leave in the morning, I went to bed and then I woke up here!\" \"I don't remember anything else!\" Abby concluded with a strained expression and eyebrows knitted together. Their conversation was interrupted by a growling sound coming from Abby's stomach; reminding her that she had still not eaten yet. The old mouse gave a light-hearted laugh as Abby blushed fairly hard. \"I zink vour stomach iz trying to tell vou itz time to eat!\" \"Zo geet dressed and breakfast vill be veady vhen vour done.\" And with that the old woman left for the kitchen, leaving Abby to herself. Abby looked at the neatly set of folded cloths in her paws and again gazed at herself in the mirror, calmly trying to take in all that has happened. 'I don't know how I got here, I don't know why I'm here, and I don't know who or what did this to me, but all I do know is that I was lucky enough to be in the house of such a nice person and for that I'm thankful.' Abby thought as a smile graced her lips. \"I better get going and get dressed\" She said as she placed her cloths on the powder puff mattress. Abby first washed her face with the wash cloth and combed her hair. And one by one, she put on a piece of clothing. After she was fully dressed she examined herself in the mirror once more, taking in her outer appearance. She wore a tan colored shirt that reveled her bare shoulders as the sleeves began a little bit below the upper arm and ended at the fore arm. An outer plain dark brown corset comfortably cradled her chest and stomach. Her lower half was graced with a brown skirt that ended at the ankles, showing her feet-now-turned-paws. It had a few patches of cloth stitched onto it, but was still good enough to wear. The enticing aroma of breakfast filled the air once again, beckoning Abby to come down stairs. Abby slowly walked out of the room and into the hallway. The floors were made of a simple wood, as were the walls and ceiling. Old tapestries, framed pieces of crochet, and black and white photographs of children, elderly and middle age mice dressed in old German attire graced the walls. Abby gazed at the photos as she followed the sent of breakfast down the hall. She stopped when a particular portrait caught her eye. A family of four, a mother and father sitting on two vintage chairs, a baby being held by it's mother, and a young boy mouse-ling about the age of seven or eight standing by his father's side with his hand placed on his shoulder. They all wore their Sunday best and had straight plain expressions on their faces, which was normal that being the style for posing portraits back then. \"Zat iz my family portrait from vhen I vas a boy.\" Came a voice from behind. Abby's body instantly froze from the surprise visitor. She whirled around to be greeted by an old gruff-looking mouse with a warm smile on his face, though his eyes held sorrow as they gazed upon the old photograph. \"Zat photo vas taken vhen I vas a lad, three years before my mother and father vere taken by zhe catz zat plagued our village.\" \"Zhe baby vas my leetile zister.\" \"Ten vears later zhere vere many troubles in our village und ve vere trying to ezcape to America , but ve vere zeparated und I don't even know eef she iz steel alive.\" He said as a single tear streamed down from his eye. Abby's face fell at the old man's heart wrenching story. It reminded her of Fievel and his family and how they must have felt when they thought they had lost each other forever. She turned her eyes from him and back to the portrait. \"Zhis photo iz vne of zhe few zhings I have left from my homeland and iz vne of my most cherished possessions.\" The mouse finished as he glanced at Abby from the corner of his eye, not liking the look of sadness on such a pretty face. \"My name iz Artur Jörg Mäusen ( Mäusen means mice in German), Vat iz vours?\" Mr. Mäusen asked, trying to change the gloomy subject. \"It is nice to meet you Mr. Mäusen.\" \"My name is Abigail Du pont, but my friends call me Abby.\" She introduced, catching on to the sudden change in conversation. \"Zo, eef I call vou Abbee, dose zat make me vour friend?\" Mr. M asked with playfulness in his voice. Abby knew she was going to like this place very much. \"Well I suppose anyone who would let me into their wonderful home, give me a bed to sleep in and food to eat without even knowing me could maybe, possibly be my friend.\" She winked, playing along with his little game. \"Vell I'm glad to hear zat!\" He said with delight as his nose started to twitch, smelling his wife's home cooking. \"Mmmmmm!\" \"Ve better get going before breakfast becomes cold.\" Mr. M said as he led Abby through the hallway, down the stairs and to the kitchen. The kitchen was fairly similar to the Mousekewitz kitchen. It had a quaint table that was set in the middle of the room with four chairs bordering it. It was set for a party of three and had a small arrangement of flowers in the middle. The walls were wooden and decorated with old pictures of a farm and black, antique skillets once used for cooking now retired and hung on the wall. As Abby scanned the rest of the kitchen her eyes found Mrs. Mäusen. Her paws were safely protected in oven mitts from the hot pan of Butterkäse Brötchen she was holding. She gave them both a big smile, greeting them to breakfast. \"Zhere vou two are!\" \"I vas vorried zat breakfast vould have gotten cold from how long vou two vere taking!\" \"Vat took vou zo long?\" Mrs. M asked as she set the hot pan down on the counter and removed her oven mitts. \"Ooooh, juzt taking a deetour down memory lane.\" Was her husband's only response to her question. The old woman shook her head and gave a small smirk to her husband. \"Ihre wie ein alter Narr!( Your such an old fool!)\" She replied as she gestured Abby to a seat and started to serve breakfast. \"Ahh, aber Sie heiratete mich erinnern?(Ahh, but you married me remember?)\" \"Also, was bedeutet, dass über Sie sagen? (So what does that say about you?)\" Her husband chuckled back while taking a seat next to Abby as he started to unfold and read his morning paper. \"Er sagt, dass sogar die meisten normalen Menschen, können die meisten fragwürdigen Entscheidungen zu treffen. (It says that even the most normal people, can make the most questionable decisions.)\" Mrs. Mäusen smirked. Mr. Mäusen grabbed his belly as he gave a hardy laugh at his wife's response. \"Sie haben immer die Antworten, meine Liebe. (You always have the answers, my love).\" He replied shooting his wife a gaze of warmth and playful affection. \"Liebenswerter Dummkopf. ( Lovable fool).\" She whispered under her breath as she took the teapot off the burner and filled the thimble cups with tea. Abby simply sat back and listened to their foreign conversation in silence as she ate her cheese rolls and drank her tea. She had no idea what they were talking about, but she knew that it was only playful banter between a husband and wife by the way they were smiling and laughing at one another. Suddenly, Mrs. Mäusen took a slight glance at Abby; which Abby would have missed if she was not already looking at her from the corner of her eye, and back to her husband who raised an eye brow at her action. \"Lasst uns auf dem Flur reden. (Let's talk in the hallway).\" Mrs. Mäusen said as she made her way to the hallway with Mr. Mäusen close behind, leaving Abby in the kitchen confused. \"I wonder why they left?\" She asked herself as she just finished the last of her rolls. 'If they wanted to make their conversation private, they could have just kept talking in German.' She finished as she strained her ears to hear them. Though she knew that she could never understand what the were saying, she could hear the tone in their voices and try to decipher the rest for herself. The truth was that what Mrs. Mäusen had to discuss with her husband was very serious, distressing and more importantly, about Abby and she did not want to make her feel uncomfortable by possibly hearing her name during the conversation. As they finally made their way to the hall, Mr. Mäusen worriedly asked, \"Was ist es, meine Liebe? (What is it, my love?)\" Mrs. Mäusen took a deep breath and started slowly. \"Es ist Abby, sie ist einsam und hat nirgendwo zu gehen. (It's Abby, she is an orphan and has nowhere to go.)\" Abby's ears shot up at the sound of her name. She knew it. They were talking about her. 'Probably trying to decide what orphanage to send me to.' She thought bitterly, painful memories of her time in the orphanage flooding back to her. No matter how nice people had seemed they still looked her over, never thinking that she could be that special girl that could fill the lonely void in their hearts. She tried to put the thoughts of her past aside as she resumed to vocally deciphering their conversation. _In the hallway_ Mr. Mäusen was more to say, caught off guard by his wife's statement. He could have never guessed that Abby was an orphan. Especially by the way she behaved. Artur knew the only orphanages in the city were of course in 'Orphan Alley'. It was a very depressing and dark place. The children there were nasty and bitter from years of loneliness and pain. But, Abby was different. She was a happy, cheerful and polite young girl with a good heart. He knew just as well as his wife what would happen to a girl like her if they sent her there and as long as he had anything to say about it, Abby would never set one paw in the place. \"Sie hat mir von ihrem Leben in ihrem Waisenhaus wurde sie zurzeit in und klingt nichts wie den Waisenhäusern hier! ( She has told me of her life in her orphanage she was currently staying in and sounds nothing like the orphanages here! )\" \"Ein süßes Mädchen wie sie niemals überleben würde, wenn sie dort bleiben war! (A sweet girl like her would never survive, if she was to stay there!)\" Mrs. Mäusen exclaimed to her husband as worried thoughts filled her brown and silver haired head. Mr. Mäusen went to his wife's side with great concern, trying to calm her down. Once she felt that she was collected, she continued. \"Artur, wissen Sie, was die Waisenhäuser wie hier sind. ( Artur, you know what the orphanages are like here.)\" \"Wir können nicht senden Abby gibt. ( We cannot send Abby there.)\" She finished in a calmer tone as now it was her husband's turn to speak. \"Natürlich nicht, Liebling! ( Of course not, darling!)\" Artur assured his wife as he continued. \"Wir beide wissen, dass ich niemals erlauben würde Abby an einem solchen Ort zu bleiben, aber was schlagen Sie vor, Wilda? ( We both know, that I would never allow Abby to stay at such a place, but what do you suggest, Wilda?)\" Mr. Mäusen asked, inwardly knowing the answer, but still wanting to know that it was fine with his wife. ( Wilda is Mrs. Mäusen's name by the way. Back to the story.) \"Was, wenn sie bei uns zu bleiben war? ( What if she was to stay with us?)\" Wilda suggested as her eyes met Artur's. As she did so, she could have sworn she saw a slight twinkle in them. \"Das ist eine wunderbare Idee, Liebe! ( That is a wonderful idea, love!)\" He smiled in agreement to his wife's proposal. Then an idea struck Mr. Mäusen. \"In der Tat, wir adoptieren! (In fact, let's adopt her!)\" He said without a second thought. A wide and bright grin had graced Mrs. Mäusen's face at hearing this. She and Artur never were able to have children of their own because Wilda' s womb was unfortunately not able to carry a baby. They considered adopting a child, but the only ones were in 'Orphan Ally' and were all ill behaved and mean. Abby was different and the thought of having her for a daughter warmed there hearts beyond description. \"Oh Artur, was würden die Nachbarn denken, und die Kosten! (Oh Artur, what would the neighbors think, and the expenses!) She exclaimed jokingly, not caring in the slightest about either one. \"Dash die Nachbarn und den Kosten! ( Dash the neighbors and the expense! )\" Artur defensed, playing along. \" Wenn es sein muss, werde ich arbeiten vier Arbeitsplätze, uns zu unterstützen! ( If I have to, I'll work four jobs to support us! )\" Wilda was momentarily shocked by her husbands claim. Then her face softened into a thoughtful smile. \"Ein Kind von unseren eigenen, wie wunderbar. ( A child of our very own, how wonderful. )\" She said as a tear of joy slid down her face. Mr. Mäusen smiled at his wife as he embraced her in a hug. \"Wie wunderbar. ( How wonderful )\" He whispered into his wife's silver hair. Still hugging his wife he looked out from the hall back into the kitchen. He gazed at Abby from the corner of his eye. 'Our daughter' FINALLY FINISHED! Geez this Chapter took me me what . . . . a year to finish!? I'm really sorry for the delay! I hope this chapter is to your liking and I hope its not too cheesy (no pun intended). Also I got that whole 'dash the neighbors' line from 'Peter Pan' 2003 (not mine, don't sue!). I just love that scene and I couldn't help myself! Okay, so maybe the adopting Abby thing happened a little too fast, but I couldn't come up with a better ending for this chapter and I kind of don't want to drag it on. Maybe if I have the time and enough people don't like it I'll change it. For now please enjoy and tell me what you thought of it! ","Summary":" My American Tail By Shattered-glass-slipper1 Author's note: All \"The American Tail\" characters do"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"A Dog's American Tail","Author":"ZabuzasGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13017268","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Dog's American Tail Prologue The late 1890's was the time of dreams. All over the world people were emigrating from foreign nations to live in the promised land of America. To these immigrants what awaited them was paradise compared to the tragic existences they'd left behind desperate to start anew. The most likely place one would find these new citizens entering the continent was at New York City. Those who managed to pass the inspection on Ellis Island after their long passage were granted access to New York City and all the other lands beyond. Many choose to leave the city for other places that lay beyond in order to make their fortunes while others chose to remain there in order to make their way. When times got tough family's were forced to leave in order to find greener pastures when they could no longer afford the expense of living in such a place anymore along with the typical American dream not being as easy as they'd first thought. Unfortunately when this occurred some individuals were left behind, particularly the pets. One such pet was a dog named Dawncloud. She's a young female small, slender, and graceful huskie and for a while she lead a happy life with her family. That is until they up and moved again. The family was heading out west so the husband and father could get an available job with a logging company that he'd heard about. They needed to leave then and there or else the man would lose out on it. They were desperate so they had to take it. Trouble is they couldn't afford to take Dawncloud with them. Of course the children of the family, two boys, were devastated, but it was out of their hands. Dawncloud too was heartbroken as she watched them go. She chased the train they were taking until she reached the edge of the platform. The last thing Dawncloud saw of the children were their tearstained faces pressed to the glass of a window as they sped away from her. Just like that Dawncloud was left alone turned out onto the street to fend for herself as an unwanted stray. So Dawncloud did what she needed to survive. Scrounging for scrapes and, though she deplored it, stole from humans when they weren't paying attention to their surroundings. Dawncloud slept in whatever sheltered spots she could find that weren't already occupied by other canines. One day when Dawncloud was foraging she came a cross a fat orange cat digging through her favorite bins. Dawncloud barked to announce her presence letting the feline know she was there. Then she got into an attack position growling in a threatening manner. She sword the cat almost shed his fur from fright. His fear scent was overwhelming. He was absolutely terrified of her. But before Dawncloud could do anything two mice came out from behind the cat speaking and throwing stuff at her in his defense. One was a tall lanky mouse while the other was much smaller standing barely a little taller than the top of the elder ones waist. The aggression and malice Dawncloud felt inside her faded as she watched them instead replaced with curiosity and intrigue as she watched them together. Dawncloud wanted to know how a friendly relationship came to be with two species that should've been enemies. With this one singular step the friendships she would eventually form with these individual mice and that cat would ultimately alter Dawncloud's life forever for the better. She just didn't know it yet. Authors Note: I bet you can all guess who those two mice are. Ha. Ha. ;) I don't know about you guys, but I absolutely loved the American Tail movie franchise growing up. It made things so much easier sometimes compared to what we all go through each day in everyday life. Anyhow I thought of this idea as I was watching some of the movies a while ago. When I was going through American Tail A Manhattan Monster it hit me that maybe a dog could be included this time around actually friends with the mice. I just had to get it up here.[Chapter 2] A Dog's American Tail Chapter 1 1886: The combined sounds of horses, carriages, trolleys, newsies, and people going about their daily lives filled the air. From where Dawncloud was sleeping curled up inside the shelter of an abandoned crate her ears perked as it woke her. Dawncloud groaned placing a paw over her face. Morning already. Uh, what she wouldn't give for a few more hours of sleep. But, hey, that's New York for you. Dawncloud sleepily uncurled her body from her comfortable position on a raggedy blanket she'd found a while back. She groggily stepped out stretching her body this way and that opening her mouth wide in a mighty yawn. Then Dawncloud shook out her bedhead. Time to start another day. But first things first. Breakfast. There were many places Dawncloud could go for a meal around these parts. There are so many dumpsters with a whole lot of tantalizing choices to sample. Not that she liked scavenging mind you, but there were also other places. Like a quant little butcher shop that had a habit of passing on some scrapes to a stray that occasionally came by. Well now, I wonder who that could be. Dawncloud expertly traveled through the busy streets. When there was too much traffic she waited with people at the crossroads until the crossing guard gave them the all clear to move. When you've lived in Manhattan as long as she has you tend to pick up a couple of things from the humans. So it didn't necessarily take this young female long to reach her destination. It was still somewhat early so it wasn't really that busy yet in the neighborhood where the butcher shop establishment stood. Normally dogs would go to the back in order to get something to eat, but that's far from the case with Dawncloud. Following routine Dawncloud went to the front door. Using one of her front paws Dawncloud lightly scratched on the wood before sitting on the ground waiting patiently for someone to come attend. It didn't take long. Within seconds one of the staff came to the door holding an entire chicken in his hands the feathers completely removed. Dawncloud had been coming around regularly enough that each person there was familiar with how often she stopped by and the routine that came with these visits. \"Here you go, girl,\" said the man, placing it on the ground and patting her head. \"The boss has been saving this for you.\" Dawncloud barked wagging her tail happily as she licked the man's fingers. This human male stroked her back a few times before he returned inside the butcher shop shutting the door in his wake. Once the human was gone Dawncloud bent to sniff the chicken licking her chops. Boy this was going to taste good. Picking the chicken up delicately in her teeth Dawncloud trotted away to find a secluded spot to eat her breakfast. Basically it was her usual spot where no one really came around too often. In her opinion it was the best place to go in order to avoid dogcatchers that would apprehend and then take her to the pound. In this day and age that is no place a dog wanted to be. The spot Dawncloud was going to is underneath a bridge that held tracks for the railroad. Lying down in the shade she sighed ready to enjoy a full stomach. She dug right in. It didn't take her long to polish it off. By the time Dawncloud was done all that was left was bones with nary a crumb in place on them. Dawncloud was now left with a full and satisfied stomach until hunger drove her to seek something else again. Dawncloud then drank from a puddle before setting off to one particular place in New York City. The Mouse Colony in Manhattan to be specific. Authors Note: Yes, yes, yes, I know it's short and I apologize. Think of it this way, that just leaves a whole lot more good stuff to fill in for the next chapter. Speaking of which Fievel, Tanya, Tiger, Tony, and Nellie Brie come in then. And, also, we discover how and when they all meet our dear Dawncloud. ;)[Chapter 3] A Dog's American Tail Chapter 2 Dawncloud had become very familiar with how to get to the Manhattan Mouse Colony for months now. You see it was during when the Mice in the Colony were constructing their wall to prevent surprise attacks from Cats that would raid their homes, taking countless Mice for food. It was when one of these attacks was occurring that Dawncloud stepped in to stop them. The very moment the Cats saw her coming they ran for their lives. The Mice were very grateful for her help and under Dawncloud's protection they were fortunate to be able to finish construction of the wall without any more hassle from felines. Those that thought they could get away with it were quickly chased off and dealt with by Dawncloud. To be honest it was a pretty good arrangement in her eyes. The wall had long since been finished, but Dawncloud still stuck around. She even offered to provide continued protection for the Manhattan Mouse Colony which they were all too happy to accept. Having her as added bonus to their own set up security system really made an apparent big different from their multiple point of views. It certainly made the various family's that lived behind the walls feel that much safer especially the mothers. Unfortunately even these precautions taken could only go so far. No one knew how, but something was attacking the Mice living both inside and outside of the wall. All over the place Mice were being grabbed by something known as the Manhattan Monster whisked away from their homes. Some attacks were where a single target were taken while others left whole family's disappeared without a trace leaving destruction in their wake. Each one taken left none seen or heard from again since. Many were beginning to lose hope and with all that had been going on Dawncloud really couldn't blame them. No one knew what this so called Manhattan Monster looked like only what was said from the survivors. So far there were absolutely no descent leads to follow. Even Dawncloud couldn't figure it out. Nonetheless she would still do what she could to assist the Mice to the best of her ability. Because of the work she put into defending the Manhattan Mice Colony Dawncloud got to know some of the individuals that lived and worked there ending up getting pretty close to a couple of them. Speaking of which here are two of them right now. Just as she arrived, from out the front gates of the wall, came Tanya and her little brother Fievel. The eldest and the middle child of the Mousekewitz family. Dawncloud met these two while the wall had been constructed. Since then she really enjoyed their company. Their appearance was strange this time around. Dawncloud was aware that Tanya had a new job at the newspaper known as The Daily Nibbler, but Fievel had no such thing. He was far too young so she couldn't see any reason as to why he was outside of the neighborhood with her. There were very strict rules laid out now. As Dawncloud approached Fievel saw her coming and pointed her out. \"Hey, Tanya, it's Dawncloud,\" said Fievel, pointing straight at her. Smiling, craning her neck back to look up at Dawncloud, Tanya said \"Good morning, Dawncloud.\" \"And to you, Tanya. Heading off to work,\" asked Dawncloud. Nodding, Tanya said \"Yeah. Just got to make the next trolley then I'll get there.\" Looking down curiously at Fievel, Dawncloud said \"And what are you doing out here, Little One? Did your parents give you permission to be out here?\" Rolling her eyes, answering for her brother, Tanya said \"I'll say. They're making me bring him to work with me. Mama wants me to introduce him to Nellie Brie to get her to talk to him. To explain that the Manhattan Monster is a bunch of nonsense.\" Gazing down sympathetically at Fievel, gently poking her nose into his stomach, Dawncloud said \"Having nightmares?\" Yawning tiredly, Fievel said \"Yes. I've barely gotten any sleep lately.\" \"Well now, we can't have that,\" said Dawncloud, softly. Getting an idea Dawncloud lowered herself to her stomach. She motioned at her back with her head. \"Hop on. I can get you The New York World faster.\" The New York World is where The Daily Nibbler was at two. Humans called it one name and Mice another. Tanya and Fievel were very pleased to hear this. They always enjoyed rides from her. So once they climbed up onto her back Dawncloud immediately set out for where Tanya worked. Thanks to her speed they got there in no time at all. Dawncloud is young and agile so this was a no brainer for her. To avoid garnering any unwanted attention Dawncloud went to a spot around the building where she knew no humans would see them. The two siblings crawled off her back the second she laid down. \"All right be careful now. Watch your step in there,\" said Dawncloud. \"We well,\" said Tanya. \"And, Fievel, good luck in there,\" said Dawncloud. \"Thanks,\" said Fievel, waving at her as Tanya took his hand walking them away. Dawncloud made sure they were safely inside before she left. Maybe one of the humans loading the wagons with newspapers would give her a treat. Authors Note: Hope you guys liked this one. So now you know their backstory! Also, the anniversary for the terrible tragedy of day of 9/11 year's ago just occurred a couple of months ago. . I was a very young child when that happened. All I can remember that day was my mother picking me and my little sister up from grade school. At home my sister and I learned what happened in New York City. My father came home soon after fearful that we were all going to be attacked. That was one of the scariest days of my life. I know for a fact I'll never forget it. I doubt anyone will. For those reading this right now I know we can't all be together, but I ask that you share a moment of silence and prayer, no matter your religion, out of respect for the people who died that day and those alive who are still suffering from being there that day. And those of you who may be either going to a restaurant or a bar please raise a glass in a toast for those survivors and fallen. Hope you all had a Happy Halloween! Glad you all had a Happy Halloween! I was on candy duty, but unlike the majority of those stuck with the task I actually like it. :D Also, I lost one of my jobs today. Good news is I have more time to write, bad news I need to go looking for a new second job again. Sucks, huh. So for the time being you guys have me for however long that'll be.[Chapter 4] A Dog's American Tail Chapter 3 Dawncloud struck gold. The humans in charge of the delivery wagons were more than willing to share their food with her. One even offered her half a sandwich. Oh, this is no ordinary sandwich. It is a baloney sandwich with extra cheese, a delicacy. Dawncloud immediately accepted the prize and did not look back. Dawncloud jealously guarded the meal at the back of the New York World building so no other animals could try and swipe it from her should they desire too. Dawncloud believed no one would try it with her. After all she'd bite their heads off the moment someone even tried. Apparently no one told the idiot charging at her from behind. Dawncloud waited patiently until the assailant was merely a couple of feet behind her. She then pounced, spinning around and snarling with her teeth bared to do some damage. Not expecting that coming from her Tiger skidded to a halt screeching in fear. Cowering with his front paws over his eyes, shaking, Tiger begged \"Don't hurt me! Please!\" Eyes lighting up in a dawning recognition, easing up, Dawncloud reproached \"Tiger! What the hell were you doing? You know I hate it when people sneak up on me!\" \"Sorry, Dawncloud,\" said Tiger, suitably chastised. \"Any food left?\" Dawncloud glared at him with a deadpan expression on her face. Trust Tiger to always be thinking with his stomach. The first meeting between Tiger and Dawncloud is quite a humorous one. Dawncloud had caught him trying to get passed the walls of the Manhattan Mouse Colony. Dawncloud assumed that he was trying to get in to hurt the mice so she'd gone on the offensive. She was in the middle of chasing him when she was stopped by the mice themselves. As hard as it might be to believe Tiger is actually a friend to the mice. The one and only cat on good terms with them. From there on Tiger was off of her list. Dawncloud's association with this cat is how she met Tony, Tanya, Fievel, and the rest of their family. And speaking of Tony. \"Hey, Dawncloud. How you doing,\" said Tony, waving from up where he's riding on Tigers back. \"I'm doing all right, Tony,\" said Dawncloud, spying the rolled up newspapers now loaded onto the packs tied to Tigers sides. \"I see you have your papers for the day. Going to start your route soon?\" Nodding, sliding off of Tigers back, Tony said \"Yup, but there's one little thing I have to do first.\" Skeptical brow raised, Dawncloud said \"Oh? And what would that be?\" Straightening up his raggedy and patched clothes like some kind of big shot, Tony said \"I'm going to go talk to Mr. Daley. See if he'll let me become a reporter for the newspaper.\" Mr. Daley is the owner and editor of the Daily Nibbler. Mr. Reed Daley is a dry witted and sarcastic mouse that is one of the very best newspaper editors and owners in the Manhattan. Though he's quite serious he's sometimes known to rather make up what in his own opinion are far more sensational stories. This is in order to sell more newspapers instead of telling the truth all the time. His experience in the newspaper business comes from a long time ago when he started out as a war correspondent in the U.S. Civil War. His lengthy experience and vast knowledge is what makes people take him seriously even though his personality does make him disagreeable to work with by selected people. But they do it anyway. Mr. Daley's reputation is what made Dawncloud doubtful he'd grant Tony's request for a promotion from a newsie/paperboy. \"Aren't you moving a little fast, Tony,\" said Dawncloud, voicing some of her concerns to him. Waving them off, brimming with overconfidence, Tony said \"No sweat. I've been working for the newspaper so long that he'll probably say yes right off the bat. Plus I got a tip on a story to give to the Head Honcho.\" He then headed inside. \"Wish me luck.\" Tony's going to need all the help he could get. Tiger and Dawncloud then settled down to wait. Tiger ended up falling asleep under a pile of rubbish and cardboard boxes. When Tony returned outside he wasn't alone. Fievel and a female mouse, much older than Tanya, came with him. As they got closer Dawncloud caught part of their conversation. \"Thanks so much for the tip, Mr. Toponi,\" said Nellie Brie. \"Ah, no sweat, Miss Brie,\" said Tony, happy to be of assistance in any way as long as it benefited him. \"You need to know what's up, I'm your guy.\" Doesn't he ever shut up? Tony then released a piercing whistle calling for Tiger. Hearing it Tiger stumbled from where he'd been sleeping and rushed over to Tony very pleased to see his friend Fievel now here too. \"Did ya, huh? What rug? I didn't…Wasn't me,\" said Tiger, waking from a dream. \"I'd…Whoa! Tony! Hi, Fievel! How are you doing?\" \"Ah, and what have we here,\" said Nellie Brie, smiling. \"This is out friend, Tiger. He's a cat,\" said Fievel. \"You don't say,\" said Nellie Brie, looking on at Tiger with interest until she spotted Dawncloud. \"And who is this?\" \"This is Dawncloud. She helps with security at the checkpoint,\" said Fievel, laughing when she nudged him with her nose. \"Ah, yes, I remember you. The Daley Nibbler did a story about you a while back,\" said Nellie Brie. \"Good to finally meet you.\" \"And you,\" said Dawncloud, returning the greeting with a bow of the head. \"Your reputation speaks for itself. It is an honor.\" Gathering up the papers Tiger had dropped, Tony said \"What were you doing in there?\" \"Oh, I was just taking a nap,\" explained Tiger. \" 'Cause, 'cause I'm pooped. You know…\" He then yawned very big. \"You got Tiger working for you,\" said Fievel in wonderment. \"No. With! We're partners. He gives me mobility. I give him half the take, after expenses,\" said Tony. \"And what expenses might I ask are those,\" said Dawncloud. Listing them off one by one, Tony said \"Well, with the cost of the papers, advertising and promotion, he clears about 10%.\" \"Mr. Toponi, I think you're going to go far in this business. Really I do,\" said Nellie Brie, taking Fievel's hand. \"Come on, Fievel, let's go.\" \"Where are you going,\" inquired Dawncloud, walking with them. \"Chinatown,\" said Nellie Brie. \"There was an attack the other night.\" Circling to bend down in front of them, motioning towards her back, Dawncloud said \"Hop on. I'll take you there.\" \"You sure,\" asked Fievel. Shrugging, Dawncloud grinned \"Of course. Just tell me where to go. I'll get you there a lot faster than you could walking.\" \"We'd be delighted,\" said Nellie Brie, appreciative. Nellie Brie and Fievel then climbed on and were off. Waving back at his friends, Fievel said \"Bye, guys. See you later.\" \"Yeah, later,\" said Tony. \"Bye, Miss Brie.\" Eagerly, Tiger said \"So, so, what did Mr. Daley say? Did he go for you becoming a reporter?\" \"Well, not yet. But don't worry. I think he's warming up to me,\" said Tony. In his dreams. Authors Note: Merry Christmas! Hope this is a suitable present this season for the holiday! ;D Heads up guys! We've got trouble. I received this alert from another fellow author. Subject: #SAVEYOURINTERNET Can you imagine a world without the following: - Youtube - Twitter - Facebook - Tumblr - Reddit - Memes What if I told you that all of this could potentially go away before the end of next year. #Article13 threatens to stop almost all user-generated content and their creative freedom, such as fanart and fanfiction. To everyone in AND outside the EU. Just because you don't live in the EU, doesn't mean Article 13 won't affect you. The wording of Article 13 is so loose that it could be manipulated in a way where only big companies can upload content on the internet. Article 13, as written by the European Parliament, will create large unintended consequences for everyone. Let's come together for a better solution. #SaveYourInternet Sign and share this petition to as many people as possible [remove spaces to access links]: : / www . change p / european-parliament-stop-the-censorship-machinery-save-the-internet Spread the news. Do what you can to help stop #Article13 from passing. : / www . youtube saveyourinternet/ Why Article 13 Will Destroy YouTube : / youtu . be / gBTJb08VYUU[Chapter 5] A Dog's American Tail Chapter 4 Fievel and Nellie Brie were really enjoying the ride they were getting on Dawncloud's back. Dawncloud was correct. Her transporting them would be much better than taking the train. Definitely beats walking the rest of the way from there on the streets. This method is slower, but it does the job. Recalling there was a reason why Fievel had accompanied his sister to the Daily Nibbler in the first place, Nellie Brie asked \"Well, now, what was it you wanted to ask me?\" Knees tucked up to his chest, clutching the sketchpad in fear, Fievel stammered \"Well, it was about…the monster.\" \"Oh, I see,\" said Nellie Brie, acknowledging the cause of what was scaring him so badly. \"All those horror story's have you worried, do they?\" \"I'll…I'll stay,\" stuttered Fievel, clapping his hands to his face in exaggerated exasperation. \"I've never been so scared in my whole life. I'm afraid to go to sleep and when I do sleep I get these nightmares that are so…\" Fievel deflated catching the jabbering he was doing and fidgeted in embarrassment by it. \"Aw, you must think I'm nothing but a big baby, huh?\" Placing a hand on Fievel's shoulder, chuckling gently, Nellie Brie said \"Not at all, not at all. I know exactly how you feel. Shaking his head empathetically, not believing it for a second, Fievel stated \"Aw, no, you don't! You're fearless!\" Flattered, Nellie laughed \"No, Fievel. Only fools are fearless.\" \"She's right, Fievel,\" said Dawncloud, concurring with the big shot reporter. \"Huh, why? You're never afraid, Dawncloud! You chase Cats away all the time,\" exclaimed Fievel, shocked. Nodding, Dawncloud said \"That's true, but not all Cats run. Some of them confront me and I have to fight. Some of them don't go down easy either. So I do run the risk of getting hurt.\" \"I'm surprised the Dog High Council hasn't yet stepped in the discipline those Cats,\" mused Nellie Brie. \"Dog High Council,\" said Fievel, scratching his head in confusion. \"What's that? I've never heard of that before?\" \"Nothing you need to worry your little head, over Fievel. Like you Mice have your own governments so do us Dogs,\" informed Dawncloud. Wrapping an arm around Fievel's shoulders, Nellie Brie said \"Anyhow I have learned that once you find out the facts about something scary, it helps make the fear go away.\" \"Really,\" said Fievel, brightening a bit. Tapping his nose lightheartedly, Nellie Brie said \"Really.\" . When the night is dark With shadows all around And monsters everywhere you turn There's a very simple secret I have found That anyone with courage can learn Get the facts All the what's and where's and why's Get the facts Simply open up your eyes Seek the truth Find the proof And your fears will all go poof Follow the tracks Get the facts Stick your nose in everywhere Get the facts Snoop it here and sniff it there Find the clues See it through Do the best that you can do Don't be lax Get the facts Everyone's afraid at times But if you use your wits You'll find what once was scary Is really very ordinary . Tilting his head, smiling, Fievel said \"Get the facts?\" Nellie Brie laughed. . Don't you listen to the gable . Now Fievel decided to join in, his fear slowly fading with Nellie Brie. . Get the facts . Fievel began to dance on Dawncloud's back with Nellie Brie. . Not the balderdash and babble . Nellie Brie and Dawncloud are quite pleased at how fast Fievel is picking up the point they were trying to make, showing him to not be scared and work around those things. . Don't give up on the goal Till you've figured out the whole ball of wax . Fievel is jumping up and down with confidence. Feeling the mood Dawncloud was even dancing on her feet a little as she was walking. Fievel almost fell into it again when he saw a shadow that had the appearance of a crouching feline waiting to pounce. Dawncloud got this one in the bag. . Learn to tell the difference Between truth and fairy tales For when it's all in focus You'll find it's mostly hocus pocus . Dawncloud shifted a crate aside with a paw revealing that the \"Cat\" is really merely trash bulked up together that gave it the appearance of a cat in the shadows. Nothing to truly be afraid of. They're almost there. . Get the facts . \"Yes,\" said Nellie Brie, grinning toothily. . Keep your eye on every house Get the facts On every Dog and Cat and Mouse Shine your light Make it bright Everything will turn out right Don't be lax Follow tracks Give the boogieman the axe . Dawncloud leapt over a stack of crates causing Fievel and Nellie Brie to hang onto her fur as she landed on the other side. . Get the facts . Fievel dropped on his back all smiles now. That certainly did the trick on him. Time passes quickly when your well occupied especially when that person is having a good time. Chinatown is on the horizon. The restaurant where the attack took place is straight ahead in front of them. Some ways off Dawncloud laid down so her passengers could easily slide off. Dawncloud would wait a couple of feet off so not to startle the civilians and police gathered at the entrance to the family's dwelling. Taking Fievel's hand in hers, Nellie Brie said \"Now…Let's you and I go shed a little light on this monster.\" Gently nudging Fievel with her snout until he giggled, Dawncloud said \"Stay close to Miss Brie and remember, be brave. Get the facts, Fievel.\" Authors Note: Happy New Year! Hope this is a good way to start off a brand new year! ;D What do you guys think? Was the song better with Dawncloud being a part of it? I think so. ","Summary":" A Dog's American Tail Prologue The late 1890's was the time of dreams. All over the world people we"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"Fievel's Scary Night","Author":"ShotokanHEJ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9809980","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A young mouse crept into a secret area underneath an old saloon. This secret area was very dark and hardly provided enough light for anyone to see clearly. As he took his first few steps within the area, the mouse's heart pounded hard in his chest because he could hardly see anything in the thick darkness. The young mouse made this journey to the area because the mouse believed that the cause of a lot of recent happenings would be discovered there. The young mouse heard about very strange occurrences that have recently happened in his home town. These occurrences involved mice, mostly male adult mice, which all had picked up a condition where they looked as though as they were very tired or drained of energy. The young mouse who is searching though the secret area is one who is no stranger to dealing with such cases where his fellow mice are harmed. For, he has dealt with the likes of enemies such as the Cossack cats; the Mott Street Maulers; evil high class mice; a crazy poodle; and lastly the Cactus Cat Gang and their leader, Cat R. Waul. This brave mouse's name is Fievel Mousekewitz. Fievel wanted to find out what causing these occurrences and discover how he could stop them. However, at this moment, in this area, he didn't feel quite so brave because he didn't quite know what he was getting into. As Fievel walked, he thought back on what he heard about each occurrence. Fievel remembered hearing that each mouse had two small marks on the side of their necks. Also, he heard the mice had showed signs of minor but very noticeable irritability towards sunlight as well. The thought about those holes in the mice's necks made Fievel feel squeamish and it also made his heart pound faster and his breathing heavier as he slowly walked. On his journey, Fievel then remembered the day he overheard a conversation his mother and father had about what was being said on the street about the doctors' findings over the matter. He heard his papa say that the doctors, who did the diagnoses on the mice, ruled out their findings as a sudden case of something called \"anemia\". Fievel also heard Papa talk about the sunlight irritability and say that the doctors believed it was a sunlight allergy brought on by the sudden anemia. On the day Fievel heard the conversation, he asked his papa what was \"anemia\". Papa told him that it was a condition where a person loses a significant amount of blood needed to keep the person healthy. Papa also told Fievel that anemia is usually caused by a disease within the body. At the time before he went on his journey, Fievel thought about what Papa said about the disease, anemia, and had almost came to the conclusion that these happenings were caused by that disease. However, Fievel remembered that each mouse with that condition had those two marks on their necks. He thought on that fact for a while. \"What could have caused those marks?\" Fievel said to himself as he went outside that day to take a walk. As Fievel continued to think on the fact, he wasn't watching where he was going and he walked directly into a rose patch. Fievel fell on a rose and accidently pricked his hand on the rose's thorn. He got up and pulled the thorn out of his hand. However, when Fievel looked that his hand, he noticed that the prick as it bled looked like the marks on the mice's necks. It was at that moment when the answer hit him like a bolt of lightning! \"These occurrences there aren't caused by a disease. Someone or… SOMETHING is taking blood out of these mice!\" Fievel said to himself, \"I guess whatever-it-is out there is some type of…..bloodsucker!\" That newfound knowledge made Fievel cringe at the thought of something that is lurking around feeding on the blood of mice. However, those new facts led him to recall a rumor that had been going around now for weeks. He heard the mice that were attacked by this \"bloodsucker\" were last seen with a mouse woman that was like no other mouse ever seen anywhere. The mouse woman was claimed to only be seen at night. Also, Fievel heard that the mouse woman would take her assorts to an area underneath an abandoned saloon to where it was claimed to be her home. The saloon was said to be near by the old sheriff's office. Fievel knew that's where his old friend, Wyle Burp, use to work at. Knowing this, Fievel realized that the saloon was the former hideout of the Cactus Cat Gang before they were ran out of town. The answer then came to him; he knew exactly where he would find the culprit to those attacks. So, with all the information had, he had waited until the tomorrow evening to set out to find this \"bloodsucker\".[Chapter 2] Now after recalling everything he has learned, Fievel continued his search for the bloodsucker that dwelled under the saloon. When he started on this journey, he did not tell anyone about what he was going to do. Not his family or his friends, Tiger, Tony, Jack, Jorge, or Bridget, because he believed that if he told them what he suspected about the bloodsucker he knew they would not believe him. Also, there might have been a chance that they would go out of their way to stop him from making the journey. Before going on the journey, Fievel thought up a plain that he believed was fool-proof. The plan was just to locate this mysterious predator without being noticed, leave the area, and then bring back someone to help him rid Green River of this attacker. The plan seemed simple but, yet Fievel still did not know what type of trouble he was really getting into. During his mission, Fievel began to notice that the tiny rays of daylight that shown through the cracks of the saloon's foundation have started to slowly disappear. This indicated that it was starting to get dark outside. A strong feeling of dread began to fill Fievel's heart as a result of this and his body started to nervously shake. But, Fievel ignored the fear that was steadily building up in him and kept going forward. Suddenly, something big started to come Fievel's way. He couldn't clearly see what it was because it was so dark but, it appeared to be hostile and it made a terrifying hissing sound that would make any strong mouse shriek in fear. Fievel eyes grew big as saucers and he screamed, \"AHHHHH!\" He ran away from the creature as fast as he could but, creature was catching to Fievel at a speed faster than his little legs could carry him. Fievel saw the thing just an inch away for him. He knew at that point that it wouldn't be long before it caught up with him. Tears began to build up in Fievel's eyes as he ran. He ran so far and so franticly that he ended up running into the corner of the saloon's foundation. Fievel bumped his head and fell to the ground. The hit disoriented him a little but, Fievel was able to get his focus back. When Fievel readjusted himself, he turned around and there was the creature staring face to face at him! Fievel was backed up against the corner with nowhere to go with a creature that he believed could make a meal out of him. The creature slowly crept up to him. His heart was completely filled with terror and he was shaking all over. The end was coming soon for him. Fievel regretted not telling his family and friends of his journey and tears fell from his face. He thought of his family and friends and said \"I'm sorry\" as Fievel braced himself for the first painful bite he knew was coming. Fievel closed his eyes and turned his face away. But, then he felt the creature searching all over him as if it were a dog sniffing on his master. Fievel then opened his eyes and saw what the creature really was. It was a hissing cockroach. The cockroach just wanted to find out what he was since Fievel came into his territory. After it was done examining Fievel, the cockroach went on its way. A rush a relief then filled Fievel's heart. \"That was close!\" Fievel said. Fievel then started back where he left off on his journey. Fievel had a long way to get back on track thanks to getting spooked by that hissing cockroach and he might have gotten himself lost as well. \"Oh man…\"He groaned, because he'll have to start at beginning all over again. But, miraculously it only took a minute for Fievel to discover the hole where came in from and started walking from there. \"Okay, this I'm not stopping until I find this monster!\" Fievel said to himself as he walked \"Nothing gonna stop me, nothing!\" Fievel continued walking and by the time he got to where he met the hissing cockroach, it was pitch black outside. Our young hero knew that his parents had to worried sick about him about now and he also knew that his papa would practically ring his neck before grounding him by the time he gets home. \"I am really gonna get it when get home but, it least this is worth saving lives.\" Fievel said. The walk seemed to Fievel like it took hours. Fievel had been walking for so long that he was getting a little hungry and he started to get a little tired. But then, he saw something from afar it was fuzzy looking at first but the closer Fievel got to it the more clearly he was able to see it. It looked like a bump at first but when Fievel got closer he could see it was a house, a mouse-sized house, from where he was. Fievel was a good distance away from the house when all of a sudden; a small breeze blew by his face. It seemed comforting to him since he got a little tired. But then, as Fievel got to where he could see the doors of the house, the breeze became a gust of wind that started to blow hard. The wind blew harder and harder the closer he got. \"What the heck is with this wind?\" Fievel said. The strength of the wind was so great that it made Fievel hold on to his hat to keep it from blowing away. His sleeves of his red shirt and the legs of pants were blowing in the wind like a flag. Had Fievel been any lighter than he was, he would have been blown away like a leaf. The wind made Fievel's walking hard and made his visibility poor but, he kept going. Fievel could barely see the house because of the wind but, it didn't stop him from getting near the steps of the house. Strangely, when Fievel got to the steps of the house, the wind abruptly stopped. Fievel sighed in relief and said, \"Man, what a journey this has been!\" Fievel then said, \"I've must be on the right track because there is nobody who ever experienced such strong wind just popping up like that in an enclosed area.\" Paste your document here...[Chapter 3] Fievel had finally made it to the house. \"Wow….\", said Fievel as He examined the house. Fievel was taken by the look of the house. It was like something from another country. Fievel noticed that the apex of the roof was something from China but, not like China because it didn't appear to have any doors with handles just funny looking door that look like walls with white rectangles. He also noticed the house had a few lanterns near the door. While Fievel looked at the house, he saw a light come on from inside and he saw what appear to be a silhouette of a person much taller than him from behind the door. Fievel became alarmed by this and thought it would be best for him to hide. So, started looking around for an area he can use as a hiding place. He didn't want to be noticed by the person inside. But, before he could find a hiding place, a great light emitted from inside the house making all of the windows and the funny-looking door glow in a strange-eerie purple light. There was also an eerie sound like some creature breathing coming from the house. Fievel, who is now befuddled and in shock by this event, said, \"What in the world is…..\" before he could he could utter another word, the light rapidly expanded and filled the saloon's foundation and breathing that was heard became terrible wail like demon from hell, \"RAAAA!\" \"AAHHHH, WHATS WAS THAT?!\" Fievel screamed when the light shined in his face and heard that awful sound. The light shined so brightly that it hurt Fievel's eyes and made him turn away from the house and cover his eyes. And that sound made him shiver and cry harder than he ever did in his life. \"AAHHHH, MAMA, PAPA, HELP ME!\" Fievel cried. He felt his heart pound so much that he thought it would burst; his breathing became so heavy that it made his throat feel hoarse; and he cried so much that his face became completely wet with tears. Fievel crawled himself up into a ball and continued to shiver from what he had experienced. He can still hear that terrible sound echo throughout the foundation. Fievel began to think that something was gonna come out of the house to get him, eat him, and leave his bones behind for his family to find. He thought back his family and said, \"Goodbye\" because he knew this was it for him. However, suddenly that terrible sound stopped. Fievel then opened his eyes and noticed that the light was also gone as well. At this point, Fievel's nerves were completely shot but, at lease he could assure himself that what he believed was the worst of the experience was over. With his back still turned to the house, Fievel then heard a sliding sound like wood sliding against wood. What followed after the first sound were the sound footsteps coming towards his way. Fievel became alarmed by those sounds. So, he kept his back turned because he wasn't too eager to see who was behind him. Soon, the footsteps stopped. Then, Fievel heard a voice speak to him, \"Konnichiwa, little one. Why don't you turn around so I see you?\" The voice he heard sounded like a woman's voice and it was soft and sweet. The voice sound lovely to Fievel so, he became curious to who was talking to him and decided to turn around. Fievel saw that the light was still emitting from the house but, it was just contained in the house. However, what he saw in front of him was a very exotic and beautiful mouse woman.[Chapter 4] The area was still pretty dark but, the lanterns and the light from the house allowed Fievel to see all of the mouse woman's features. She wore what appeared to Fievel as a dark purple robe with a wide black sash, wore what appear to be sandals, and had a fan that covered her face. But, the most bizarre things to Fievel about her were that she had snow-white hair and purplish-pale fur. \"Whoa, you sound pretty.\" Fievel said to the mouse woman. The mouse woman was amused by Fievel's compliment and replied, \"Arigato.\" Fievel then asked the mouse woman, \"What is your name?\" \"Maiban\" the mouse woman answered. \"What is yours?\" replied Maiban. \"Fievel Mousekewitz\" Fievel answered. \"I usually invite other mice to my home, usually adult mice. I don't get to see any children in this area. So, why did you come here, Fievel-san? This area isn't playland, you know. Did some of your friends dare you to come here?\" Maiban asked. \"No one dare me. I'm looking for a monster that has been going around sucking blood out of mice and making them sick. I think it lives here.\" Fievel answered. \"Oh, well there isn't a monster here, just me.\" Maiban replied, \"But, that does sound pretty scary. Do you really think a monster like that exists, Fievel-san?\" Fievel answers, \"There must be. It is the only answer that can explain all of those pairs of marks that appeared on mice's necks. Such a monster had to have done that.\" said Fievel. \"That sounds serious.\" said Maiban. \"It's very serious\" Fievel replied. Then, Fievel asked Maiban some personal questions. \"I see you have things hear that are… oriental, I guess. What country did you come from?\" asked Fievel. \"Japan is where I come from\" answered Maiban. \"What do you do for a living?\" then asked Fievel. \"I work as a geisha.\" answered Maiban. Fievel then asked, \"A geisha, what does a geisha do?\" Maiban answered, \"A geisha entertains people.\" \"Oh, like a clown? They entertain people.\" asked Fievel. Maiban laughed at answer and answered, \"No, that's not even close.\" \"Okay, so what is it you really do to entertain others?\" asked Fievel. \"Ha, ha, you are quite the nosy one, aren't you? I wish I could tell you but, your ears are too small to hear of such things.\" replied Maiban. Maiban hoped her last replied would end that part of the conversation but, it just made Fievel the more curious. \"Hey! My ears are not too small to hear about what geishas do.\" Fievel replied thinking that she would give him the answer he wanted to hear. So, Maiban said to him, \"Well, do you like kissing?\" Fievel then frowned at Maiban's question and said, \"It's okay sometimes but, sometimes I think it's so…..eww, yucky.\" Maiban then said, \"Well, you might find the things that geishas do to be yuckier than that and anything else you've ever known.\" After hearing that, Fievel's eyes widened and said, \"Okay…..\" Now it was Maiban's turn to ask Fievel some personal questions. \"Fievel-san, you look like someone that isn't originally from here, too. I know you didn't just live in America all your life. So, where did you originate?\" asked Maiban. \"My family and I came from Russia. However, we moved to America and lived New York but, years later we came here to Green River.\", replied Fievel. \"Oh, that's nice. Now is there anything that you do?\" asked Maiban. \"Well, I am sort of a hero. I know it's kinda weird with me being small and all but, I have helped others and defeated some very nasty bad guys who want to hurt other mice in places that I lived in.\" answered Fievel. \"Nani?! You're some type hero? Is that the reason you came here, to be the hero once again?\" said Maiban. \"Most definitely. After everything I have seen earlier, I know that the monster I am looking for has got to be right here.\" replied Fievel. \"Gomennasai Fievel-san, but I am sure that there isn't any creature that lives here like what you described.\" replied Maiban. \"I'm sorry but, I still think there is.\" said Fievel. Maiban could see that not a word she said was going to persuade Fievel into believing that there was no such creature where she lived. So, she said to him, \"You like me, do you?\" Fievel answered \"Yes, I do!\" \"Would you like to see my pretty face?\" Maiban asked. \"Oh, Yes!\" Fievel replied with an eager ear-to-ear grin.[Chapter 5] So, Maiban closed her fan that was covering her face, revealing it to Fievel with her eyes and mouth closed. Upon seeing Maiban's face, Fievel was in deep awe. Her face had dark lipstick, purple dark circles around the eyes but, Maiban's face was the most beautiful of female faces Fievel has ever seen. \"Wow, your face is beautiful!\" said Fievel. Maiban grinned in reply to his compliment. At this moment, Fievel was happy to finally see her face. But then, Maiban opened her eyes and revealed two glowing pupils that had black slits in them like a demon. The eyes were yellow with reddish boarders and they partially illuminated her face. Then, she opened her mouth revealing a pair of long sharp fangs that were on both sides of her mouse teeth. Maiban let out a low hiss towards Fievel that was like a bat from hell. After witnessing this revelation, Fievel cheery smile turned into a face of pure fear! He let out a deep gasp! Fievel's heart was once again filled with terror. The horrible sight made him jump back and accidently dropped his hat on the floor. \"Y...Y...You're the monster!\" said Fievel. \"Yes, I am the one you sought for, Fievel-san. I am also the one who created the wind, the blight light, and those sounds you heard. I tried to scare you away but, you just kept coming. I guess you are as hardheaded as you are brave.\" said Maiban. \"So, you are the woman the other mice claimed attacked those mice in Green River!\" said Fievel. \"Correct, and now you'll be just another victim!\" said Maiban to Fievel. Fievel, now knowing what type of danger he is in, starts to back away from Maiban in order to run away. However, Maiban stares directly into Fievel's eyes and his body began to get stiff. Fievel's body was frozen in place in mere seconds. \"What's going on? I…. I can't move!\" said Fievel. \"Ha, ha, ha, ha, I am controlling your body through your mind. You are mine now, little boy!\" said Maiban. Fievel struggled against her power but, it was all for naught. \"You better let me go or my friends and family will come down to find you\" said Fievel. \"I doubt your love ones know where you are right now, but I bet you wish someone did.\" said Maiban. \"You are very foolish for coming here all by yourself without any help at all and even if you did bring someone, I doubt they be much of help to you.\" Fievel, knowing that his life might come to an end, then began to cry. He said, \"What do you plan to do with me?\" Maiban could sense Fievel's fear when she saw him crying and it was like a sweet aroma to her. \"Ahh….. The scent of your fear is sweet like honey.\" said Maiban. \"I could just eat you because you smell just too good.\" she said staring at him with a mean look. \"Please…. Maiban, don't eat me!\" cried Fievel. Then, Maiban changed her mean look to a smile and said, \"But, I not going to do that. I want show that I can be as kind as anybody else. I want you to forget you know what I am. I want you to promise me you won't ever tell anyone what you know about me or about what you saw.\" So, Fievel swallowed hard and tearfully said to Maiban, \"Ok…. I promise I'll never tell anyone about you or... or where I saw you, ever.\" Maiban then said, \"Okay, you can stop crying now, I'm letting you go.\" So, Maiban released her power over Fievel. He wiped his eyes then turned around to walk back home. But, before he could make the first step, Maiban stopped him. \"Stop right here!\" said Maiban. \"What's wrong? You said I could go.\" said Fievel. \"I know, but I don't know if I can really trust you with such a promise. I have a better way of making our agreement work out. It is something that even you might like.\" said Maiban. She looked into Fievel eyes once again and his mind went totally blank. He mind was under Maiban's control. Then, Maiban said in sultry voice, \"Come into my house, Young Mousekewitz.\" So, the mind-controlled Fievel went ahead of Maiban into the house and Maiban followed behind him. She grinned to herself as closed the door behind her. Maiban then said, \"You are such a cute little boy.\"[Chapter 6] The next day, everybody in Green River was looking for Fievel. It was a cloudy day. Papa, who was among the searchers said, \"If Fievel isn't dead and I find him, I gonna ring his neck! He had me up all night worrying about him!\" Mama who was with him then said, \"Oh Papa, don't overreact.\" \"Mama, I'm serious!\" replied Papa. \"Well, Fievel does excel in driving us crazy\" said Mama. \"That's one thing we can agree on.\" Suddenly, Fievel popped up out of nowhere on the street with an attitude as if he had won a million bucks. Tanya, Fievel's elder sister, was the first to see him. \"Fievel, where the hell have you been all night?! Papa almost had a heart attack over you! Now you come home so everyone with know you're alright!\" Fievel cheerfully said, \"Okay, let's go, Tanya.\" Tanya then said, \"What's with this cheerful attitude? You do know Mama and Papa is going to kill you when you get home, right?\" Fievel replied, \"Oh well.\" Tanya then said, \"What?\" Fievel then said, \"Let's just say, there are far worse things than being grounded. I'll be okay.\" Tanya replied, \"Fine, Fievel, fine. Remember, when we get home, it's your funeral.\" Tanya made Fievel go in front of her as they started walking towards home but, then she noticed something on Fievel's neck and said, \"Where the hell did you get that weird hicky on your neck and why do you look like you're so relaxed?\" Fievel replied, \"I wouldn't worry too much about it, Tanya.\" Fievel then closed eyes, inhaled, exhaled, and open them… revealing a pair of glowing yellow eyes, with slit pupils, and with red boarders! Then he said, \"Let just say, I had an experience that was totally out of this world….\" ","Summary":" A young mouse crept into a secret area underneath an old saloon. This secret area was very dark and"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"Dies Irae","Author":"HuntressDaugher","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12233307","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After many exchanges of messages with warqueenfuriosa (lots and lots of thanks) about Goody's life before the war, what led up to it, and the things that continued to haunt him, this is the result. As a warning, it'll probably be a pretty slow build. When Goody is with Billy, the year is 1877, and when he's in Louisiana, it's 1855. Disclaimer: I wish I owned Magnificent Seven, but sadly, I do not. \"You ever been in love?\" Billy asks as they pass by this town's saloon, and Goodnight's first reaction is to laugh. Leave it to Billy to make him laugh on today of all days. \"What, have you taken up with one of the hussies?\" Billy shrugs noncommittally and pushes open the door to their hotel. \"I just ask. I don't know that about you.\" He falters on the steps while Billy continues up in his graceful way. If it had been one of the things that attracted him, it was also one of the things Goodnight hated: Billy's quiet sincerity. He wants to believe this was just a silly question, but Billy isn't one for those; he'll jest and kid, but he never does something without reason, and he certainly never asks personal questions. It's this quality in which Goodnight finds something to respect, and he feels that Billy is entitled to an answer, no matter how much he doesn't want to give him one. A familiar empty ache enters his chest as his words, so quiet and distant that they hardly seem like his, leave his mouth. \"Once. In another lifetime.\" After he's toed off his boots and slipped out of everything but his underwear, Billy leans back on his bed. Uncharacteristically, he hadn't heard the implication that Goodnight had no interest in touching on the subject—or perhaps he just didn't care—and he gives the older man something like a smile. \"Can I guess?\" \"You can guess all you want, but you won't figure anything out.\" Goodnight reaches for his flask and tips it back against his lips, only to find that it's empty. What a goddamn perfect time. \"She was the—what do they call them—the belle of the county, spent her days strolling under a parasol, and had all the men falling all over her,\" Billy tries, the corners of his mouth turned up in a way that only Goodnight can recognize. Goodnight closes his eyes. This was not a conversation he'd ever planned on having with anyone ever again, not even Billy, despite how close they'd grown. He'd left that part of him far behind on the banks of a Louisiana creek some twelve years ago. Or so he'd tried. He gets off his own bed to search for their liquor stock and brings the bag with him. This could take a while, and he has no intention of doing it alone. For a moment, Goodnight doesn't speak, but stares distantly at the wall. Finally, he takes the cork off the bottle. \"First of all, we lived in Louisiana and had parishes, not counties. And the name was Augusta Evercreech from Saltmore Hall. She liked to read under the willow by the creek, had the curliest black hair you ever did see, and had the Devil himself in the form of sisters.\" \"Did you call her Gus?\" Billy's voice after the pause sounds almost timid, a rare characteristic from him, so different from the assured man he usually is. Goodnight's head snaps up, eyes narrowed at Billy accusingly, whose face is as stony as always. Had the other man gone through his things? As much as he trusts Billy, he imagines him rifling through his packs, finding their letters, everything he'd managed to salvage, and he feels incredibly betrayed. \"How'd you know?\" Billy looks him in the eye, and Goodnight knows he isn't lying. \"You talk in your sleep.\" 000 One by one, the carriages came rolling up the road in a cloud of dust towards Fair Oaks. As each pulled to a stop, Mr. Aaron Magee and his eldest son Micah reached up to help the ladies out in a flurry of skirts and lace, hoops and crinolines. The Magee men would shower each girl with enough compliments to seem charming, and the girl would blush and move on to kiss Mrs. Kathleen Magee. From the sides, Goodnight Robicheaux gathered with a few other gentlemen and watched as each lady alighted from her carriage. First came the Jarreau family in their famous yellow carriage with their infamous red hair flaming, fire emerging from the sun. Olive and Opal were the two sisters, Olive just making her debut after a line of brothers and Opal. The Millers were next, with all five boys riding up on their horses and momentarily distracting the two hosts from helping down the fair-haired ladies in the Verret carriage. They came tumbling out in a whirlwind of overwhelming energy, sweet, silly fools the lot of them: there was Blanche, desperate for a proposal by Elam Miller before she turned into an old maid; Minerva, the petite youngest; and the twins, Hattie and Mathilde, who moved together in simultaneous raucousness. \"Oh good. Here comes the party,\" Goodnight heard the man to his left, Ames Rubadeau say. Goodnight fiddled with a cigar in his fingers, twirling it but not smoking, and laughed. The Verret girls were lively to say the least. He looked into Ames' face and saw the other man watching the sisters with a smile he had not seen before. \"And we know how you love a party.\" Ames turned his smile to Goodnight and poked him in the chest. \"You just keep your eyes on the unclaimed.\" A red carriage came to a stop, and Mr. Magee opened the door. Micah held out his hand, and a little gloved one took it. Out stepped a girl with a head full of tight black curls and a bright smile, neck blushing at whatever Micah said. \"Who's that?\" Goodnight asked, feeling like he'd seen her face though he was unable to put a name with it. She was lovely enough not to be quite plain, and upon first impressions, seemed quaint enough. \"Miss Augusta Evercreech,\" Ames said, to which Goodnight whistled and shook his head. \"She came out last summer after Mardi Gras. Currently unclaimed.\" When Ames said that, it clicked in Goodnight's mind why she was so familiar. Besides the social events where their paths had crossed somewhat in the past, the girl in question was almost a smaller version of Salome Evercreech Saucier; almost, but not quite, and mainly because she had a smile on her face. The three oldest Evercreech girls, who had lived at the plantation to the south of the Robicheauxes, were known—aside from their breathtaking beauty—for a few rather unsavory qualities, but Augusta had not garnered that same strange fame as her sisters. Goodnight shook his head again. \"I'll try my hand at one of the Verret girls before I ever try an Evercreech. Forgot there was one after Oceane. I recognize her now. Fellows should have learned their lesson after Anastasie, but somehow they still managed to get all caught up in the other two.\" Ames merely laughed. \"Goodnight, I'm sure glad you're home. Why'd you even go off anyways?\" \"Let's put it this way: now I can run the fields and recite Shakespeare.\" Ames rolled his eyes. \"You could do that before you left. I can speak French, and that's good enough for me. I've got all the women that I need.\" \"One Verret? That's all you can handle.\" Ames shoved him away with a laugh, telling him to go find them some liquor. \"Lord knows you'll need it!\" Goodnight called over his shoulder, and Ames' own unsmoked cigar hit Goodnight's back. He meandered through the crowd in search of Micah Magee, who would undoubtedly have whiskey, and was forced to stop repeatedly by people welcoming him home. He'd spent the last two and a half years at university in Charleston, studying the classics and devouring every piece of information he'd come across. Yet, as exciting as his studies had been, and despite the friends he'd made, he'd missed Louisiana and New Orleans. He wanted to hear the drawl of the Deep South that held no effect on impeccable French, and he wanted to roam the bustling streets of the city. He wanted to come home. And besides, tensions had been getting too high for him in South Carolina. Goodnight had enjoyed seeing Ames, his childhood friend who did not share a passion for knowledge and who was more likely to be caught in a dress than with a book in his hand. They'd spent four days of the past week riding their horses and shooting guns, while Ames had tried to fill in everything that Goodnight had missed. Letters had taken care of the major things, but they had not mentioned the Millers' ball where a polecat scared the Pajud horses and the fit that Oceane, the third Evercreech sister, had thrown at the smell, nor did they mention the hunting party where Amos Abellard had nearly blown off his own foot. \"Goodnight!\" Micah cried, throwing an arm around Goodnight's shoulders and teetering unsteadily, proving that he was wasting no time in getting drunk. \"Good to see you! Found any ladies you want an introduction to?\" \"Thank you, but the only introductions I'm seeking are to a couple of bottles of whiskey.\" Micah wagged a finger towards Goodnight. \"Ah, you sonuvabitch, you. You know me so well. Thomas, fetch my friend Mr. Robicheaux here two—\" \"Three,\" Goodnight said, just to test exactly how drunk Micah was. \"Three bottles of whiskey,\" Micah told the nearest negro boy. When the boy had run off, Micah clapped Goodnight on the shoulders. \"Goodnight, you sonuvabitch, it's good to have you back. It's been ages since there was a party at Foxsong. You know what you need—a ball. You need to host a ball now that you're home. Don't tell my mama, but there ain't no one around here with balls like the Robicheauxes.\" After the words left his mouth, Micah grew quiet and looked Goodnight straight in the eyes. Then he burst into laughter. \"No one around has balls like the Robicheauxes!\" Out of mostly amusement at how drunk Micah was already, Goodnight chuckled politely, noticing how those close to them were staring; he didn't mind attention so long as it was for the right reason, but Micah rarely brought about the right kind of attention. \"That's a good one, Micah.\" The negro boy returned with the whiskey, and Goodnight took it quickly and pocketed a bottle, ducking away before Micah could say anything else. \"About time you came back. I was beginning to think you'd run off back to Charleston with all of it.\" Then Goodnight held up two bottles, and Ames whistled. reaching for one. \"Say, I'm going to have my barbecue with Mathilde, are you sure you don't need me to introduce you to anyone? Lots of girls came out while you were gone—or did you get sweet on one in Charleston?\" \"You won't meet prissier girls than those in Charleston. I'll be fine, Ames.\" His friend didn't seem convinced. \"Ames, this hasn't changed. You're still chasing skirts, and I'll get around to it when one strikes my fancy.\" Dark eyes twinkling in a way Goodnight had long learned meant that Ames was up to no good, his friend shrugged. \"Alright, Goody, whatever you say. But I insist that you eat with us nonetheless.\" 000 Under one of the oaks for which the plantation got its name, Goodnight and Ames, along with the two youngest Miller boys, took their barbecue with the Verret twins and Minerva, the twins' best friend Augusta Evercreech, and Opal Jarreau, and as usual, the Verret girls didn't stop chattering. Goodnight was content to sit back and let Ames and the twins have their fun, getting in a jest when one of them stopped for a rare breath and only feeling the slightest bit out of place after being away for so long. \"Goodnight, I believe you know Miss Hattie and Miss Mathilde, but this is their sister Miss Minerva, Miss Augusta Evercreech, and Miss Opal Jarreau,\" Ames had managed to say at first, before he was promptly blinded by the lovely creatures in skirts. Since then, Goodnight, Opal, and Augusta had been overshadowed by their raucous companions. The two girls had taken up their own quiet conversation on the side, giving Goodnight a chance to get a better look at the group. Out of all five, Minerva was by far the prettiest, with dainty little features and bright fair hair, but she was a Verret, and as much as Goodnight loved to talk, and as much as she was overshadowed by her sisters, she was making his head spin. Opal, the redhead, had donned her best blue muslin dress, and if she hadn't had such a blank look in her eyes, she could have been appealing. Up close, Augusta's own eyes, green, were slightly buggy but lively, and even if it was fake from talking to Opal—which Goodnight couldn't determine no matter how hard he tried—she kept the smallest little smile on her face, just enough to be noticed and make one want to smile too. 'Approachable' was the word Goodnight thought described her. When she seemed to notice Goodnight was not taking part in any conversation, Augusta put a hand on Opal's dress. \"Oh dear, Opal, we've been so rude. Mr. Robicheaux has just come home, and we haven't said a word to him. And you know we simply must, considering our other companions.\" Goodnight couldn't help but laugh, even as Augusta's eyes widened almost sheepishly, neck reddening at her words getting ahead of her lips. \"No worries, Miss Augusta, I was not offended by any part of your statement.\" \"Please excuse me,\" she said, ducking her head to hide a smile. \"That was not kind at all.\" \"I believe it serves to shed some light on a predicament of mine. You see, I was just sitting here wondering how you, so fair and mild, could possibly be one of the Evercreech sisters.\" If he hadn't been a gentleman, the look on her face told Goodnight that she would likely be rolling her eyes at him. \"How are you sisters, by the way? I haven't heard about them in a good while.\" \"If only we were so lucky,\" she teased, taking a deep breath, brow furrowing in concentration. She began slowly, perhaps to keep herself in check. \"Anastasie is living in New Orleans, down on Pyrantia Street. She has three children now, all boys, thankfully more akin to Amos. Salome is as ornery as always, she's at Dorian Saucier's plantation in Reggio, one girl. And Oceane—well, to our relief, she's a good ways away in Baton Rouge. No children. Again, thankfully, for the children's sakes.\" \"Don't remember much about Anastasie, she was married before I started coming around. Of course, no one can forget Oceane, but I remember Salome, though by then she was engaged, I believe. Truth be told, Salome scared me a little.\" Augusta laughed sharply before she could stop herself and then pressed a hand to her mouth, casting her eyes to Opal as the other girl rose and went to meet Mrs. Magee, who was making her way towards them. \"Oh, Salome is as harmless as she is heartless.\" \"Well, it's no matter. I would not like to end up on her bad side. She was a good bit older, and between that and that scowl, I could never find the courage to ask her to dance.\" \"Pardon me,\" Opal said, returning and breaking into everyone's conversations, \"but Mrs. Magee is curious as to whether the ladies are ready for a nap.\" \"We'll be right along, Opal,\" said Augusta before turning back to Goodnight. \"It has been a pleasure meeting you. I hope I'm not as frightening as Salome.\" Goodnight gave her a lopsided grin in return. \"Not nearly. I'd have to say you remind me more of Oceane.\" Her face paling, Augusta's expression immediately changed from one of happiness into one of horror and disgust, but when Goodnight laughed, she grinned too, color returning. She huffed, hands on her hips with a good-natured smirk. \"I hope I never hear that again.\" 000 And with that, Augusta and the Verret girls followed Opal into the house, which was already filling with ladies for the mid-afternoon nap. As the day turned to evening, the gentlemen downstairs could hear the ladies upstairs getting ready to make their appearance. They listened in amusement at the twins scolding Minerva for taking their ribbons, at the tragedy of Miss Evangeline DuBois' ripped skirt, and about how they needed to get Olive Jarreau's hair in shape if she was ever going to have any luck. And then the men went back to smoking cigars and drinking their brandy. Eventually they retired to change into their formal wear, taking no time at all in comparison, and waited at the foot of the stairs for the ladies. Next to Goodnight, Ames bounced from foot to foot, chattering away happily; in all their years together, Goodnight had become adept at not paying attention to Ames' rabbit trails, just as Ames had done with him, but he perked up when Ames mentioned Mathilde. \"I hope she wears that purple dress. I declare, she could wear that purple dress every day, and she'd still be stunning. She'll probably come down with Miss Augusta, don't you think, Goody?\" \"I suppose,\" Goodnight agreed, though he had no clue who the twins would come down with. But he would not be opposed to it being Augusta; she'd been right captivating at supper, hinting at an unknown vivacity under her soft demeanor, and he hadn't been able to escape those big lovely eyes once she'd turned her attention to him. Ames elbowed him. \"You better ask her for a dance—ask her when she gets down. It won't look strange if she comes down with Mathilde. You'll look like you're with me, and I'll go up to Mathilde, and you'll have to talk to Miss Augusta so that you don't look rude. No one will think anything of it, if that's what you were worried about.\" \"Why do I want to ask Miss Augusta for a dance?\" Goodnight asked, almost irritated with Ames. Over and over hundreds of times, he'd insisted that if a girl came along and he liked her well enough, then he'd make plans from there; but since he'd been home, Ames had become even more transfixed on finding Goodnight a girl, and it was likely he'd suggested every girl he knew between Foxsong and Baton Rouge. \"You two hit it off just fine at supper, and don't look so surprised that I was watching. Why wouldn't you want to ask her for a dance?\" Goodnight started to reply that she was an Evercreech girl, but Ames cut him off. \"Don't give me that. You know she's ten times friendlier than Salome and nothing close to Oceane. Now that you're home, you're going to have to do some dancing.\" \"I'm not arguing to dancing, Ames—\" \"Goodnight,\" Ames said, serious for once, eyes solemn and out of place in his childish face. He put his hand on Goodnight's shoulder. \"It's just a dance, and you two were friendly enough. Please?\" \"I'll think about it,\" Goodnight said to pacify him, but his stomach somersaulted at the thought of asking Augusta to dance—not that he hadn't considered it all afternoon. Obviously appeased for the time being, Ames began to prattle on again about this girl and that, always circling back to Mathilde and Augusta. Ames chased skirts and loved women in his own way, but Goodnight loved them in another; Ames loved women for what they could give him, but Goodnight loved them for what they were: God's greatest gift to man. He loved the way they moved, the way they spoke, and he loved how quietly resilient they were. Women were made to be adored and treasured, not pursued for fun as Ames thought, and it was this notion that made him so nervous. But Goodnight stood happily at the foot of the stairs and watched as each lady made her descent, arms linked with a friend's, laughing and talking behind their fans. The difference between them at supper and now was astonishing, and he was amazed at how a pretty dress and the thought of dancing could make them so giddy. They heard Mathilde and Hattie before they were seen. Sure enough, Ames had been right. Hattie and Minerva came first, followed by Mathilde, luckily in her purple dress, carefully watching Ames while she whispered to Augusta, who had something akin to self-conscious embarrassment on her face. Whatever Mathilde said made her look over the railing to where he was, and with a blush, she gave him a smile and nod, and turned gracefully back to Mathilde, who looked like she was receiving a scolding. Before he realized what was happening, Ames, with a whistle, had drug him by the arm to where Mathilde was. \"My, oh my, aren't you two stunning! What do you say, Goody?\" \"Yes,\" Goodnight stammered once he'd recovered his voice, \"positively radiant.\" Mathilde paid him no mind, but his head swelled at her companion's blush. Miss Augusta was pretty, in her own way, with her tight curls now falling unpinned around her shoulders and down her back, and a soft green dress about the color of her eyes. As Goodnight noticed this, he tried to reach deep down to find his courage. He could do it. \"Miss—\" \"Augusta, come with me,\" Minerva said, tugging Augusta away without even a glance to Goodnight, though Augusta sent him an apologetic look over her shoulder. As they made their getaway, followed by Mathilde and her expression of fury, Ames turned to Goodnight with a look on his face of utter astonishment, having obviously realized Goodnight had been in the process of going along with his plan but had been thwarted by a tiny little girl. Goodnight could only shake his head and say, \"Goddamn.\" \"Goddamn,\" Ames nodded. The ball was winding to a close, with only one dance left, and it was now well into the morning. Try as they might, neither Goodnight nor Ames had been able to corner Augusta, and on more than one occasion, Goodnight had caught Mathilde looking as though she were about to throttle someone. 000 \"Miss Augusta,\" Mr. Magee began just before the last song, \"would you do us the honor of a story?\" \"Me? Oh, you don't want a story from me,\" the girl in question replied, waving her hand as if to brush the request off. At the uproar of the crowd, her signature blush crept up her neck, and Goodnight, despite his frustration, couldn't help but grin when he noticed. \"Well, if you insist.\" \"You're in for a treat,\" Ames said. Around him, Goodnight heard whispers about Miss Augusta telling a story float through the air, and everyone began to gather. Once she had taken a seat on the porch steps and settled her skirts around her, she gave them all a closed-mouth smile that was no longer bashful and peered into the faces of those closest to her, batting her eyes just enough to draw attention to them. \"Now. We all know a skeptic, and Tom was exactly that. If science couldn't prove it, he didn't believe it. Mind you, Tom was a big man, tall and proud, and he wore his opinions like he wore his fine pocket watch: where everyone could see. Well one fine evening while the moon was full and bright, Tom was down at the—the watering hole, if you will—shooting the breeze and enjoying drinks with some other local men, when the topic turned towards ghosts. One of the men, Louie, began to tell them about his old Uncle Alastair and the nearby cemetery. And Tom wasted no time in telling people what he thought. \"'Oh, there ain't no such thing as ghosts,' he said, loudly so that even the deafest of ears could hear. 'Science has never proven that there are, so they must not exist.'\" Goodnight stood in place, enraptured by the words pouring from her lips, the way her voice was somehow equal parts meek and confident, and how her lovely face could change expressions on a dime. And, well...he'd never been able to turn down a good story. \"Well, Louie was a bit offended, and he snapped right back at Tom, 'There are ghosts, and I can prove it. My Uncle Alastair was here one night on the full moon, just like tonight, mind you, when he realized he'd been out much longer than Aunt Mamie had said. So he tried to hurry back, and he took a shortcut through the old graveyard. As he was passing through, he felt something on his ankle, something that felt like a hand wrapped around, and he went crashing down. It was as if something was trying to use him to pull itself out of the ground. He gave whatever had him a few swift kicks, and when he finally he shook off what had him, he made a beeline for home.' \"Now, everybody else there at the pub, they all agreed that Uncle Alastair had been grabbed by something supernatural. But Tom was a stubborn man by nature, and he just shook his head. 'The only spirits that were in that cemetery were the ones that Alastair brought with him. He probably just tripped himself over a root or a marker.'\" At this the crowd buzzed with hushed laughter, each of them entranced by whatever she was saying, by even the slightest flick of her wrist as she gestured animatedly. \"By then Louie was really offended, as any man in his right mind would be after being called a liar. He pulled out his hunting knife, and he slammed that blade into the counter in front of Tom. 'Alrighty, Tom, why not put your money where your mouth is? If you're so brave, then you take my knife, you go to that cemetery tonight, and you put it in the ground in the very center of the place. We'll know if you were there or not.' \"Tom thought he had nothing to fear. Science had never proven there were ghosts, and he wasn't going to let Louie get to him, so he took the knife, and he set right out towards the cemetery with no fear in him.\" At this point, Augusta pulled an uncertain face and spoke a little slower, voice wavering slightly. \"But he got to the gate, and even though there was a full moon, it was still rather dark, and even Tom had to admit that it was a little unsettling. But he was not going to be called a coward, and so he pushed through the gate and right to the middle of that cemetery, and he bent down to put the knife in the ground. \"And then, everything got quiet. The frogs and the crickets stopped singing. The moon disappeared behind the cover of clouds, and a wave of fog rolled over the land.\" A hush had fallen on both Tom's world and the ball, and the crowd collectively inched a little closer to hear the speaker, who had paused with her hand clutching an invisible knife. \"By then, Tom was good and spooked. He pulled out the knife, raised it in the air, and plunged it down into the earth. Except...well, he must have hit a root, or a rock, or something because—you see—that knife did not go into the ground. Well, Tom wanted nothing more to get out of there. He tried once—twice—thrice— four times before he managed to sink the knife deep into the dirt. He gave a cry of triumph and tried to jump up but—he couldn't move! Something had hold on the front of his coat!\" Goodnight felt the pounding in his chest, felt his heart speed up and his breath catch; he was ensnared by the lilt of her drawling voice, but he had no urge to free himself, even if his heart did give out. \"Tom cried out again, this time in fear. He grabbed onto his coat and tried to wrench off whatever had him, but try as he might, he was stuck, and stuck tight. His heart hammered in his chest. He just knew that he was going to be pulled into the ground and that it was time to meet his maker or the Devil. With one final tug, he fainted. \"Now, wanting to see if he actually followed through with it, the men from the bar had followed Tom and heard him a-tugging and a-yelling. When they stopped hearing Tom, they got a little worried and went to see what had happened. There was old Tom, out cold on the ground. They rushed to pick him up, but they too found that Tom was stuck. And then they began to laugh.\" Giving them a sheepish grin, Augusta pulled her head into her shoulders. \"You see, in his hurry, Tom had gotten a little reckless and accidentally put the knife through the lapel of his coat. The men pulled the knife out, and they carried Tom back to the bar, and to this day, Tom swears up and down on the existence of ghosts. The men at the bar never tell him any differently.\" And then Augusta sat back and folded her hands on her lap, not seeming the least bit phased at the uproar of the partygoers. Goodnight let out a breath that he didn't know he was holding and heard Ames chuckle. When he glanced over to him, Ames was watching him with a smirk. \"If you hurry, you can probably catch her. There's one last dance.\" For once, Goodnight didn't mind that Ames was doing everything in his power to get him to dance. Any girl that could weave a yarn like that was one he wanted to know. With a hard swallow, Goodnight took a deep breath, straightened his cravat, and fixed his coat before making his way to the porch just as the music started. He quickened his pace to cut off Micah, who was headed in the same direction. \"Excuse me,\" he heard Augusta say to the ladies who were surrounding her when he caught her eye. Goddamn, his mouth was dry. \"Miss Augusta, I may have never danced with your sisters, but it would be an honor if I could do so with you.\" Inwardly Goodnight congratulated himself at not stammering, and even if she declined, he would be mostly happy that he'd just gotten his sentence out. But he watched as her lips curved upwards, tentatively at first, as if trying to suppress it, and then all at once she was beaming, and he couldn't get enough. It could have been how the moonlight fell on her face, or the way her eyes crinkled, or maybe the way she said his name, but he realized that there was something about her that was right pretty. \"It would be my pleasure, Mr. Robicheaux.\"[Chapter 2] As before, the date with Billy is April 1877, and the date in New Orleans is June/July 1855 Disclaimer: No matter how much I wish, I will never own Magnificent Seven. For the first time in a long while, Goodnight readied himself bright and early Sunday morning to go to church. It had been hard to go while he'd been in Charleston, since there were not nearly as many Catholics in South Carolina as Louisiana, but today he was going to the church he'd grown up in with his family, the one his father had seen built, and he was glad he was home. As the Robicheaux sibling carriage pulled up to the church, Goodnight looked out the window and felt a new rush of contentment at the familiar faces all milling about in front of the building before Mass. \"Excited, Goody?\" Across the seat from him, his sister Valentine grinned wickedly. \"I saw you last Thursday.\" Goodnight had hoped she would grow out of her meanness, but on the contrary, Valentine had merely learned to skillfully conceal that part of her. At fifteen, she was already beautiful, with their mother's fair hair and sharp blue eyes; she'd have more beaux than she could keep track of once she came out, even with her mean spirit. \"Funny how people see each other when they share a house and carriage,\" Goodnight said as his ears heated. This was the conversation he'd been waiting on but hoping wouldn't happen. Friday when he'd come down for breakfast after the ball, Valentine had sat across the table and smiled wolfishly at him, a cat knowing she had caught a mouse; she loved secrets and gossip, and he'd known just what she had on her mind. But he'd buttered his toast, didn't give her a chance to speak, and steered clear since then. \"I saw you at the barbecue and the ball.\" \"I don't remember you turning sixteen,\" Goodnight said to her offhandedly. \"I wasn't at the ball, but Mama didn't take me home either. Made me stay upstairs all night.\" Rolling her eyes, Valentine crossed her arms, forever peeved that she wasn't allowed to showcase herself. \"I just looked out the window, and I saw you cut off Micah Magee to dance. She's right there, if you want to speak.\" \"Don't point, Val, that's not proper.\" \"It's just you in here, I can be as improper as I please,\" Valentine snapped with a toss of her lovely head. \"Come along now, let us mingle.\" Before he could answer, Valentine flung open the carriage door, leaving Goodnight with no other option but to step out and help her down. Passing through the doorway and transforming herself into a proper lady of society, she linked her arm into his and led him, more or less, through the crowd, stopping to flash her dazzling smile and speak to whoever caught her eye. While his sister was paused by the DuBois clan to discuss their upcoming party, Goodnight took the moment to scan the crowd. He loved seeing everyone in their best, loved the sober but happy air that always followed Sundays, and he always had a surge of pride when he saw the church his father built. \"Oh, Goody, you must meet this lady!\" Valentine suddenly shrieked, much louder than proper, and a flash of annoyance struck Goodnight as people turned to stare; he liked attention, but only for the right reasons. \"Brother, this is Miss Augusta Evercreech. Augusta, have you met my brother, Goodnight?\" To Goodnight's surprise, two ladies turned when Valentine addressed Augusta; the one being spoken to smiled easily, but the one to her left gave only a cold stare with one eyebrow cocked, looking like she would spit at them at any moment. Whereas Augusta had been right pretty at the ball, she now paled in comparison. Salome Evercreech Saucier could have been every man's dream, with her heavily-lidded grey eyes set against mahogany hair and full lips; but her lips were usually turned down in a scowl, and her eyes always told you that if you lived or died, she could not care less. Wide-eyed, Augusta's head swiveled back and forth between the Robicheaux siblings and Salome. \"I had the pleasure at the Magees', Valentine. Mr. Robicheaux, Valentine, have you met my sister Salome?\" \"I don't believe I have properly. It is an honor, Mrs. Saucier,\" Goodnight said, sweeping his hat off his head as he lowered into a bow. To no avail. Salome, raising the one eyebrow higher than Goodnight could have ever thought possible, was evidently not impressed. She gave Goodnight a once-over down her nose, half snarling, then cut her eyes to Augusta. \"Robicheaux, you say?\" She had a slow, husky voice, and dripped each word with disdain. Augusta couldn't even answer before Salome had cut her eyes to Goodnight once more and, seemingly deciding they were not worth her space, turned and stalked away, hips swaying. While Valentine stood with her mouth open, Augusta, eyes twinkling, pressed her lips tightly together. Finally she said, \"Mr. Robicheaux, it is not honorable to charm a married woman like that.\" Snapping out of his surprise, Goodnight couldn't help but laugh. It seemed time and marriage had not worn Salome to sweetness. \"I'm remembering now exactly why I couldn't ask her to dance.\" \"Why, I never,\" Valentine huffed as Augusta pressed a hand to her mouth and Goodnight's shoulders rocked with laughter. In that moment, Goodnight wished his sister was not there, nor the crowd of churchgoers. Augusta looked like she was stretching at the seams to contain a slight of the tongue, and Goodnight wanted to know what it was, wanted to pry the secret from her red lips. He must have been staring because he noticed the blush creep at her neck, and she cast her gaze down. But he wanted her to keep looking at him. \"It's been lovely to see you both. Good day to you,\" Augusta said, nodding at the Robicheaux siblings as she headed towards the church with her family. Salome, now on her husband's arm, did not look back. When they took their seats a few rows ahead of the Evercreeches, out of the side of her mouth so their parents didn't hear, Valentine hissed, \"You haven't offended her, have you?\" \"I'm afraid I never had the pleasure of making her acquaintance,\" Goodnight whispered back, hardly realizing that he was answering. He knew the Evercreeches were behind them, and he didn't know whether or not he was imagining the eyes on his back. \"Once upon a time, Billy, everyone had said Anastasie Evercreech would struggle to find a husband, but as far as I know—and I'll never know any differently—she had no issues whatsoever. And then it was Salome's turn, and everyone thought that, sure, she was absolutely breathtaking, but she was too mean to ever get married. But along came Dorian Saucier, and she must have been somewhat sweet because it wasn't long before he'd proposed. \"Billy,\" Goodnight states, \"I don't know if Salome tricked Dorian or all of New Orleans.\" Billy flicks the ashes from his cigarette with a slight of his middle finger, his lips twitching faintly. \"She was a right snake, that one, but I'll tell you what. There weren't too many people whose… respect I wanted to have, but Salome was one of them.\" He scoffs. \"You never knew what she would do. She'd scowl at you until you expected it, and then she'd be grinning away. You'd think she was going to call you a sonovabitch—her second favorite word, behind the root of that—but then she'd just laugh and swat at you. On my honeymoon, I bought her this beautiful bonnet, and when I gave it to her, she said in the flattest voice possible, 'What a color.' Say that, Billy.\" \"What a color,\" Billy deadpans, and he can't stop a smile from spreading across his face when Goodnight laughs. \"Just like that, she said it just like that. Oh, the disappointment of that moment.\" Goodnight offers Billy his bottle of whiskey and takes a long, sobering swig when Billy returns it. \"I think I eventually earned her respect, but I'll never know that either.\" \"Alright, Aggie, we have you all to ourselves now.\" When Hattie said that, Augusta knew she was in trouble. Her parents milled about inside the Verrets' parlor, sleepy from lunch and the heat, and she hadn't thought much of it when the twins had dragged her outside since they were often scolded by Mrs. Verret for being too rambunctious. As sweet and friendly as they were, Hattie and Mathilde were not quite as proper and docile as their mother hoped. \"What is it,\" she asked nervously. Had she known the twins had a ploy up their sleeves, she would have put up a fight, but it seemed too late to make an escape inside. \"Well, we just wanted to know what you thought of the Magees' ball the other day. We never had a chance to catch up, you see,\" Mathilde began, trying in vain to look as innocent as possible, and Augusta felt her neck heating, knowing where the conversation was headed. \"Who all did you dance with, again?\" \"Let's see here...there five dances. First was Micah Magee—\" \"Oh, Minnie danced with him, and now she's determined she's going to catch him,\" Hattie scoffed with a snarl, rolling her eyes, obviously unimpressed, and Augusta thought she heard her mutter, \"Stupid.\" \"And there was...next was Josiah Miller—don't look at me like that, Hattie, I couldn't very well say no—and then I danced with Ames while you were with Micah, Mattie. Fourth was Ansel Delacroix, and then I finished the night with Goodnight Robicheaux.\" \"And what did you think, which ones seemed promising?\" Mathilde pressed closer, like a child eager for a treat, blue eyes twinkling. \"Don't you dare even think for a moment that I could have any interest in Josiah, and I'd never even consider Ames, Mattie. If Minnie wants Micah, then he wasn't so interesting that I'll miss him, and besides, I think he was drunk before we went inside for a nap. I suppose that only leaves Ansel and Goodnight.\" \"Would you really want to live out at Flipeau?\" Hattie asked, always the more particular of the two. \"Tobacco? And I hear the fields stink so much from the slave quarters. Imagine you trying to host a party and the fields stinking.\" \"You'd be the talk of the town, alright,\" Mathilde agreed. Augusta rolled her eyes. \"Hattie, Mattie, you're telling me that my only option from the other night is Goodnight.\" Goodnight Robicheaux, making his returning debut to New Orleans, now a good deal taller and more filled out, but still with those sharp blue eyes. She hadn't seen him since a year or so before she came out, when he had been quite smaller and hadn't given her anything other than a passing glance. But then again, with her sisters, no one had given her more than a passing glance, not when she was so quiet and her sisters were so loud and obnoxious, in her opinion, save for Salome who rarely spoke unless it was to call Oceane a bitch; her sisters who would not have needed to have opened their mouths to turn heads. She had never paid any mind to him either, but at the Magees', he'd been so charming and had all the girls chattering, now that the Robicheaux heir was back home. The handsome devil, he knew how to make a return, that was for sure. \"Now, that's not what we're saying,\" Mathilde began, but Hattie, taking up her sister's eager expression, said, \"Wouldn't you love to live at Foxsong? Oh, Aggie, wouldn't it be so nice to be a Robicheaux ? You could have whatever you wanted and live in that beautiful house.\" \"You don't get married based on what house you want to live in, Hattie,\" Augusta scolded, though she couldn't keep from grinning, knowing that was exactly how Hattie would choose a husband. She shrugged. \"Besides, I'm afraid there's no hope with him. Valentine came to introduce us today, and Salome probably scared him off.\" \"Sal—how could she,\" Hattie shrieked suddenly, pounding her fists on her lap, face aghast because she knew that Salome had no qualms about letting people know what she was thinking. \"That hag, how could she have done that!\" \"Shhh,\" Augusta hissed, glancing over her shoulder at the house and covering Hattie's mouth with her hand. \"Don't act like Oceane, or you'll have everyone out here.\" Hattie shoved Augusta's hand away, frowning impressively, a foreign gesture on her lips. \"Ames told Mattie...he told Mattie you and Goodnight...Aggie, I really hate your sisters.\" Before Augusta could add anything to that thought, good or bad, Mathilde had joined in. \"Hattie is right, Aggie. Ames…How could Salome have scared him off?\" \"She was just Salome. What is this about Ames?\" But the twins simply shook their heads in unison. There was a little part of Augusta who was resentful of Salome too. Her sister had a knack for scaring off men almost as good as she had a knack for drawing them to her, but Augusta didn't see why Salome had to scare off men who weren't even interested in her —at least, not all of them. If she wanted to scare off Josiah Miller, that was one thing, but Goodnight… He was handsome, and worldly in a way other gentleman weren't. Perhaps it had been the way he spoke, with his slow, deep voice, hanging onto words as if he put a good deal of thought into what he was saying, or the way he had walked with long strides and just a hint at a bounce in his step. She had liked the way he grinned, all lopsided until his lips really pulled back and made his eyes crinkle, and how he had leaned towards her ever so slightly when they spoke. Then Augusta caught the twins smiling wolfishly, exchanging glances between themselves, and she realized she had been grinning too. At the very south end of Foxsong, the creek that flowed through the parish separated the Robicheaux family from the Evercreeches. Goodnight had spent a great deal of his boyhood free time down by the creek. He'd gone there to practice his shooting, which his mother knew nothing about; to fish, which is what he always told his mother he was doing; and to read, which is what his mother most likely suspected he was doing. He loved reclining beneath the willow with his hat covering his face and doing nothing but listening. Usually he only heard the babbling of the creek and a few frogs and birds, but if he listened closely, he could sometimes hear the work songs floating down from the fields, and if he was very still and came late enough in the evening, he'd been lucky enough to spot a handful of foxes for which the plantation was named. Today, with a few hours before dinner, he had decided to take a walk down to the creek, fishing pole in hand and a book in his coat pocket. As he passed by the southern field, he saw his father sitting atop his horse next to the overseer, the two men surveying the work; his father pointed to the eastern field and made a sweeping motion with his hand, and Goodnight couldn't help but to smile. Maxence Robicheaux, family patriarch and parish paragon, the man with the softest heart and the strongest back; Goodnight didn't think he would ever know a better man than his father. He had just started to whistle when the creek and his willow came into sight, but he almost stopped in his tracks. His willow was taken. When she heard his whistling, Augusta raised her head from her book and regarded him as if she was deciding whether or not to be angry by the interruption. She settled on a warm, closed-lip grin. \"Good day, Mr. Robicheaux. I hope I haven't taken your spot, but recently I've found it to be a lovely place. The creek is narrow there, and I can just hop, hop, hop right over on those rocks.\" \"Good day, Miss Augusta.\" What a great, terrible situation he found himself in, to have a lovely, captivating lady under his tree, looking right at home with her book and blanket. Goodnight wondered if the heavens or the Devil were smiling on him, and somehow, he didn't care a single bit that she was in his spot. He nodded to her. \"My apologies for interrupting you. I'll be going, if you'd like.\" Augusta shook her head, and the sun caught just so on her deep black ringlets, which beckoned his fingers as they danced. \"As far as I know, fishing isn't a noisy pastime, and I fear I am on your property, so I believe it should be me who leaves.\" \"As far as I know, you sitting on that blanket and reading isn't causing much damage. If it suits you, I'll stay here and let you be.\" \"That suits me fine.\" She flashed her teeth, and Goodnight nodded to her again, turning away to fix his line so that she couldn't see his red ears. When he had his hook adequately baited, he tossed it into the pond and glanced to see what she was reading. Wuthering Heights. \"'I've dreamt in my life dreams that have stayed with me ever after, and changed my ideas: they've gone through and through me, like wine through water, and altered the color of my mind.'\" Goodnight quoted under his breath, remembering one of the lines that had stuck out most to him. \"Have you read this?\" Glancing over his shoulder, Goodnight found Augusta gazing at him with wide eyes, mouth drawn in such a way that was both hopeful and surprised. \"That line, Brontë wrote it. Have you read this?\" \"Of course,\" Goodnight answered, and when her face lit up, he knew that if he hadn't have already read it, he would have instantly told her to hand the book over and he would get right on it, fishing be damned. \"I'm surprised. I feel as though most think this is…well, a girlish book.\" \"Miss Augusta, to my knowledge, literature has no gender and is intended to be read by anyone who wishes to read it.\" \"Oh, how exciting!\" she gushed, leaning forward slightly, and Goodnight wished he was sitting on that green blanket next to her. \"I should have known you liked to read by the way you spoke, but I feared most men would have no use for books and only cared about the crop. Not that I would know, my poor papa has been so outnumbered, so I couldn't base my judgement completely off him because it wouldn't be fair, but none of my sisters had any taste in literature.\" \"Yes, I'm afraid Val has more important things to occupy her time too. Like which dress she'll wear to the next ball. She is very accomplished at the piano though.\" His own book was growing heavy in his pocket, and he longed to pull it out and see her reaction. \"I take it you read often?\" \"Any chance I get. It doesn't matter if it's a science journal or a novel, or even the newspaper, though Papa doesn't approve of that. He says I have enough silly ideas without me trying to be versed in current affairs and it isn't my place to say any of them, but it's not as if there's anyone to listen to them, so I don't see how it matters. I agree—\" Perhaps she noticed his rapt, amused expression, but suddenly Augusta closed her mouth. Where she'd been bubbly and excited, she now blushed, ducking her head and looking almost ashamed. \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to get going like that, but when thoughts get in your head, you just have to get them out. My parents are always chiding me for it.\" Goodnight wanted to reach out to her and tip her chin up so that she met his eye and tell her he was always getting thoughts in his head that he just had to get out. He wanted to watch her solemn expression melt away until she was smiling and her eyes were not doleful but lively again. Softly, just loud enough that she could hear him, he said, \"I didn't mind one bit, Miss Augusta. It would be a privilege to know what you agree with.\" But Augusta merely shook her head at him and gave him a gratefully sheepish look. She stood and picked up her blanket. \"It's no matter. I really should be going, Mr. Robicheaux, I may be late for dinner. Thank you for letting me stay, however brief it was. I apologize for distracting you.\" He was sorry she was leaving and that she wouldn't entrust him with whatever it was she agreed with. As she was walking away, Goodnight remembered the upcoming party at the DuBois residence and called, \"Miss Augusta!\" Goodnight could tell by the way she turned around, pausing before taking slow steps that she really did not want to face him. \"Yes, Mr. Robicheaux?\" \"I reckon you'll be at the DuBois' on the Fourth?\" \"I don't miss a party if I can help it.\" He hated how tired she sounded and wanted the lilt to come back to her voice. \"Might I have the honor of a dance?\" And then, the corners of her mouth tugged up before she could stop them, and somehow, he knew she was trying not to smile, which only served to invigorate him. \"Of course, Mr. Robicheaux.\" Goodnight's stomach wouldn't stop somersaulting. \"And Miss Augusta! The pleasure was mine today.\" You sly devil, her eyes said, but she turned for the last time with a toss of her head that he took to mean she didn't mind his slyness one bit. A strand of grass tucked into his mouth, Ames stretched out on the bank of his family's pond. The sun blared down from the sky, but beneath the bald cypress, they were protected from its harshness. Thinking Ames had fallen asleep, Goodnight reached into the pack he had beside him and pulled out a book he'd picked up after the train had stopped in New Orleans. Hard Times by Charles Dickens, the one he'd planned to read the other day until he'd gotten distracted. \"Goody, you best put that book down, or so help me God…\" Ames muttered through teeth clenched around his grass. \"Or what?\" Ames opened one squinted eye. With the sun hitting his hair just right, he seemed to radiate a golden shine, falsely cherubic with his brown cow eyes and plush cheeks, and Goodnight thought he would have looked right at home if he'd been swathed in white robes and basking on a cloud. A man who enjoyed his food and drink, he leaned towards the plump side, but it suited him. \"Well I won't shoot you, that's for sure.\" He pushed himself up onto his elbows. \"Let's talk, Goody.\" \"You know me so well.\" Goodnight feigned bashfulness, throwing his hat over his heart, and Ames shook his head. \"Asshole. Heard you, uh, met Mrs. Saucier at church.\" \"You heard? There wasn't much to hear. I think, Ames, that you watched this event unfold from the safety of Miss Mathilde's side.\" Ames smirk was his response. \"I believe her sister got a right kick out of it.\" \"Who, Miss Augusta?\" Ames asked, and Goodnight could hear from the excitement in his voice that this was the topic he had wanted to talk about. \"You seemed to have hit it off with her.\" Goodnight tossed his book onto his pack with a sigh, knowing good and well that he wouldn't be doing any reading. \"Alright. I'll bite. Yes, Ames, I would say that we've hit it off.\" \"Do you love her?\" After he recovered from his shock, Goodnight could only laugh. Ames could fall in and out of love with anything in a matter of minutes, save for women, which he always loved. \"I don't know her!\" The look on Ames' face was full of disbelief. \"I can't tell you I'm in love with her when I don't even know her. I can't tell you how she takes her tea, or if she sings when she's all alone. I don't know what color she thinks looks best on her, or what she even thinks of herself. But she's something new. She has that look like she's just heard the most the most wonderful secret, and when she smiles, I must smile back. And she has that—that mane of hair, and when she moves her head or a strand of it falls, I have to stop myself from touching it.\" If Goodnight hadn't been lost in his soliloquy, he would have noticed Ames look of utter pride. \"And goddamn do I want to know what she's thinking. She keeps teasing me, eyes flashing like she has a secret, always stopping herself from saying it. I just want to ease her open and let her spill everything to her heart's content. How lucky would I be to be entrusted with that?\" Springing into the air, Ames suddenly hollered and slapped his knee with his hat. \"I knew it, I just knew it! I knew that you would like her. When she came out after you left, she told this marvelous story about a toad and a boo-hag, and I said to myself, 'Ames Rubadeau, this is the girl. This is the girl that's going to change Goody's mind.'\" \"How'd that story end?\" \"Not so great for the boo-hag, but don't try to change the subject. You best get to courting her.\" \"I don't know her, Ames. How can I face Mr. Evercreech and tell him that I intend to marry his daughter when I don't even know her?\" \"You'll get to know her after you're married.\" \"Yeah? And I reckon you'd be the one to learn the alligator's got teeth after you get bitten.\" \"Well the DuBoises are throwing a party on the Fourth. You leave it to Mathilde and me, and you can have every moment of the party with her.\" \"I can do my own bidding, thank you kindly. And besides, I can't monopolize her, or everyone will talk. And not about me.\" With an inward sigh of relief, Goodnight congratulated himself that he hadn't told Ames he already had a dance saved, nor had he mentioned that he knew Augusta liked to read under his willow tree; that had not been a proper meeting, however short, and if word got out, they'd both be in trouble. He turned to his friend suddenly. \"You know what I don't understand? How did I forget there was one after Oceane?\" Releasing a sharp bark of laughter, Ames laid back down. \"There's what, eight years between them? Ten? She wasn't out yet, and Oceane never gave her a chance to be noticed at a gathering. And we were all worn out after Oceane was married and wanted to forget all the Evercreech girls. But Goody, I'm so glad you're back, and don't you worry, I'll put Mathilde in her ear.\" Goodnight grunted. \"I can do my own bidding. Now are we going to do any fishing, or are you just going to lie there all day?\" \"Put that goddamn book away,\" Ames grumbled as he reached for his pole. \"I've got it right here,\" Mathilde Verret said breathlessly, waving a little card in the air with one hand and pressing the other to her chest. Upon Ames's request, she had gone bustling through the crowd and now returned with the object of his desire. \"She excused herself, but I got her programme before she got away.\" The card passed from Mathilde to Ames and then finally to Goodnight, who hurried to get it open with uncooperative fingers. Not wanting to be awoken from a nap, Valentine had taken her sweet time getting ready, and only the Sauciers were later than the Robicheauxes, though Goodnight, from only his brief meeting, doubted Salome cared whatsoever. But Goodnight cared, and he cared a great deal. If he was too late, he may not have a chance to put his name down. Inside, each line for a gentleman's name had already been filled. All three blinked at the card, as if not able to fully comprehend what had happened. Goodnight felt his stomach drop. \"Goddamn it, Valentine.\" \"It's full,\" Ames stated, and fury flashed across Mathilde's face. She jerked the card from Goodnight's hand in an unladylike but immensely Verret way, muttering about what a vazey little ratbag Augusta was. Feeling very betrayed and extremely embarrassed, he was considering going home to keep from facing her when his mind registered the fact that both Ames and Mathilde were speaking and he hadn't heard a bit of it. \"I beg your pardon?\" \"You're already down,\" Ames said, and shoved the card into Goodnight's face. When he managed to get the card at a distinguishable distance, he carefully read each name on it. There he was for the opening reel, and there he was again for the final waltz. But there was no way that he had written his name, and judging from Ames' surprise, his friend had not done so either, though his name was on there once. \"I didn't do this.\" As Mathilde plucked the card from Goodnight's hands once more, she smirked. \"I know whose handwriting this is.\" \"May I speak honestly?\" \"It would be a privilege if you did.\" While Goodnight strolled lazily through the hedges with Augusta on his arm, the party came to a close, though rumor had it that the Mr. DuBois had procured fireworks. The final waltz had concluded, and he'd asked her to take a turn with him. As was only customary. \"I didn't put my name on your card.\" In the dim light, he could just barely make out her face, serene and almost laughing. \"Mr. Robicheaux, I promised you a dance, and a lady must keep her promises.\" Her hand on his arm was small and warm, and he had a terrible, irrational fear that if he moved the wrong way he would crush it, but under no circumstances did he want her to remove it. He noticed her arm next to his, and the way her soft voice was slightly lower, how her head came just to his shoulder. From the side, he could see the way her nose curved up just slightly, just enough for someone to see if they were paying close attention. \"You put me down for two.\" \"I wanted to assure myself that you were as good dancer as I thought and that the first time wasn't a fluke.\" Her skirts swished with every step, and Goodnight could feel them brushing against the leg of his pants. For some reason, his every sense was hyperactive, but he his mind was still for once. \"Tell me about Charleston, Mr. Robicheaux, that must have been exciting.\" \"It came to remind me of our New Orleans in its own certain way, old and proud though sleepy. The city is lovely and sits right on the bay. I used to go there in the mornings sometimes while it was still dark—you wouldn't believe how it looked as the sun painted the sky, and the palmetto trees along the bay looked just like shadows, black against the water and the sun.\" Up and down the rows of hedges they wandered while Goodnight told her everything about Charleston. When he said something that caught her interest, she turned her face up to him, and when he said something funny, she tipped her head back to laugh, unrestrained and carefree. Soon he realized he was racking his memory for those moments just to hear the sound. When Mr. DuBois set off the fireworks, both Goodnight and Augusta startled before realizing that they had spent too much time away. He caught her eye, and somehow a silent understanding passed between them that they needed to return to the party no matter how much they wanted to linger in the garden. \"Thank you for the dance, Miss Augusta,\" Goodnight said when he delivered her back to the Verret twins. And then, in a burst of confidence, as Augusta dropped into a curtsy, Goodnight brought her hand to his lips. \"It was my pleasure,\" she answered with a ghost of a smile on her mouth, eyes locked with his, and if there hadn't been people around, Goodnight thought he would have put his lips somewhere higher than her hand. Goodnight looks to Billy, waiting for the other man to pass some sort of judgement, but of what, he doesn't know. Until now, he's only listened silently, stoically, just like normal, except for the story about Salome and the bonnet, and Goodnight can't even read his face to see what he's thinking. It's a feeling he doesn't like, the uncertainty, not knowing what Billy is thinking. His name and Billy are all he has left in this world, and if he loses them, he can't imagine what he would do. Faced carved from the substance of his \"name,\" Billy blinks once and takes a long drag of his second cigarette, blowing out the smoke in perfect circle, and it's only then that Goodnight catches a hint of emotion—satisfaction. Jumped-up little shit, Goodnight thinks fondly, reaching for the cigarette.[Chapter 3] The song Augusta sings is called \"A la claire fontaine.\" And don't worry, Sam will be in blue, just like Goody says. Disclaimer: I don't own Magnificent Seven. \"So how do you keep yourself entertained, Miss Augusta? Besides reading?\" Goodnight gave her his best sideways smirk, allowing it to reach his eyes, as he elbowed Augusta. The two were reclined one what must have been Augusta's favorite blanket, green checkered and wool, while the Indian summer breeze shook the branches of the willow around them. At his elbow, Augusta leaned away and fell onto her elbow. \"You like to aggravate, don't you, Mr. Robicheaux?\" \"I like to see what I can do to get a smile out of you,\" Goodnight answered, and when one spread across her face, he gently swiped his thumb over her bottom lip. \"And there it is.\" \"Don't you have a book you'd like me to read? That usually keeps you still and quiet for a few minutes.\" Her eyes tried to scowl, but she couldn't get the smile off her face nor the blush from her neck to make it effective, and when she realized it was in vain, she shrugged. \"Well, mostly I help my mama, but when I'm not doing that, I like to play our piano, and I go visit the twins when Sam is free to take me. I think you'd like my friend Sam. And oh—I love to paint, Mr. Robicheaux.\" \"I must insist that the name's Goodnight, darlin'. But do you now?\" Goodnight pushed himself from his elbows to his hands. He'd expected her to say stitching or something of the sort but not painting; what a curious little creature she was. Though it was nearing the end of October, the day was still warm, save for the occasional wind. Secretly, Goodnight, wanting to see what his coat would look like on her small frame, hoped it would cool off soon, if they were going to keep up their little rendezvous. It hadn't been his complete intention to start seeing her like this—at least, he hadn't meant for it to become routine. The week after the DuBois party, he hadn't been able to rid her from his mind; she'd lingered there, the slight upturn of her nose, the way she would look up from under her lashes when she knew she had something to say that was out of place but she wanted his permission to say it anyway; he could hear her laughing, always how she laughed, and how she said in her captivating drawl, \"Mr. Robicheaux.\" So he'd come down to the creek the following Monday, then Tuesday, and again Wednesday, when she'd finally been there. Like the time before, he'd stood a good ways away with his fishing line and offered conversation every so often. Here they were, nearly four months later, with Goodnight lying next to her on her blanket, always shooting the breeze or listening as she read aloud—that was how he'd finished Hard Times, as well as a handful of other books and one play—but he told himself it wasn't wrong since his intentions were strictly honorable. \"I'll paint your portrait if you'd like.\" \"You will?\" He sat up completely now, body turned towards her, intrigued at this new facet of the youngest Evercreech. Wednesdays had become his favorite day of the week, when he could lie next to Augusta and bask in her company. He didn't care that she was reading; he was content to be next her while she did something she enjoyed, content that he could be part of it. Slowly he was figuring her out, delving into her mind. He was understanding how she interacted with her sisters, how Oceane drove her mad and always stole the spotlight, and how Salome was cold but at least sensible, and how Anastasie was so much older that they didn't know each other too well. He was understanding how she had come to be so mild but, if he would let her, bubbly and teasing. When he was with her, his own mind was calm, and he couldn't get enough of her. Augusta nodded. \"Of course. Next week though, I don't have the things I need now, you see.\" \"I look forward to this.\" While Goodnight laid back down, Augusta brought her book back to her face, and without even thinking, he picked up her free hand and pressed a kiss to her knuckles. \"Mr. Robicheaux,\" she chided quietly in a sing-songy voice, but only halfway pulled her hand away, leaving the tips of her fingers in his. \"Name's Goodnight, darlin',\" was his answer as he played gently with her fingers before she completely reclaimed her hand. He would get her to call him that one of these days. Augusta had walked the path between her veranda and the creek enough times that she could make the trip with her nose in her book. She was as engrossed as Israel Potter by George Washington's speech and, eyes devouring the words on the page in front of her, did not notice Sam sitting on the veranda steps until she nearly stepped on him. \"Oh stars, Sam, you nearly scared the daylights out of me! Why didn't you say anything?\" With a sly, unapologetic grin, Sam looked up at her from beneath his lashes, never once pausing in his peeling of the sweet potatoes. \"Where've you been, Miss Augusta?\" The way he said it sounded like he knew exactly where she'd been. Augusta felt the blood drain from her face, but she tried to raise her chin, attempting one of Salome's fearsome expressions and knowing she was failing miserably. \"Reading,\" she said, unable to think of a good enough lie. \"You must have started the book over then,\" Sam quipped, pointing out the fact that Augusta was nowhere near far enough along in her book to constitute her spending half the day reading. Before Goodnight had come home, she'd trekked down to the creek maybe once a month when it was pleasant outside at best, and in comparison, she was now spending copious amounts of time there, so of course Sam would have noticed she was slipping away. He was too observant not to notice, and not for the first time, Augusta wished he was slightly more inattentive. \"I was being good.\" The corners of Sam's lips twitched, and his dark eyes said, Oh, I bet you were. He didn't push the subject, and knowing that conversation was over, with a huff that released all her frustration with him, Augusta plopped down on the step next to him, unladylike in her movements, and pulled from her makeshift pocket a pair of apples, which she offered to Sam. \"Have a snack with me.\" An opposition bloomed on Sam's lips, and when she saw it, she added, \"Please?\" Just as she expected, Sam chuckled to himself and, putting down the sweet potato and knife he'd been using, took one of her apples with a shake of his head. \"Miss Augusta, I think you're the only white woman in the world who'd ever say that.\" Augusta smiled around her apple. \"I get my way when I use that word.\" The two sat in the veranda steps, eating their apples in a comfortable silence. That had been the foundation of what Augusta always described as friendship; in a time when Saltmore Hall had been filled with the shrill, bickering voices of her older sisters, Sam, her mammy's son, had emerged from the ruckus as a silent solace, and when her only other option for a playmate had been Oceane, Augusta had taken to him instantly. He'd been the one to find her when she'd been locked in the cellar, the one to say with only his eyes that Anastasie and Oceane were grating his nerves too, and the only other person in the house with whom she'd been able to share her love of books. Sam was her headache relief and her afternoon chat. \"I was being good, Sam.\" \"Miss Augusta,\" he replied, finishing his apple while she hadn't even made it through a third of hers, \"you keep telling me that, and I'm going to think you're up to no good.\" \"Well I haven't been bad.\" \"I don't want to know any more, Miss Augusta.\" There was a rock right under his posterior, and it had been hurting for a while now. If he hadn't been so overwhelmed at first, Goodnight probably would have noticed that he'd sat on a rock to begin with, but Augusta had been a little more than excitable as she set up her things and when asked where she wanted him, she'd said, \"Oh, I don't know, I suppose over by the water would be nice, just wherever you want.\" So he'd taken a seat in the first spot by the creek that he'd seen just so that she didn't get upset, more than a little unsure of what to make of her new rambunctiousness. \" Je voudrais que la rose, fût encore au rosier .\" But now he had a rock under his posterior, and he couldn't help but to move around. A little ways away under the willow sat Augusta, with an easel and a palette of paints in front of her. \" Et que ma douce amie fût encore à m'aimer . Oh, stars, I'm painting myself!\" People didn't smile in portraits, but Goodnight watched her, almost serenely childlike beneath the willow with her hair tidy and a stained smock over her dress, a stripe of orange now marring her cheek, and he couldn't keep one off his face. In June, he had told Ames that he didn't know if Augusta sang when she was alone, but today he had learned that she sang when she painted, and her favorite seemed to be a traditional French song that he couldn't help but add his voice to the refrain. \" Il y a longtemps que je t'aime, jamais je ne t'oublierai.\" Finally she cut her eyes to him and let them linger. More than once, it seemed, her brush, which she held poised in the air halfway to her canvas, had strayed from the canvas and onto her hands and wrists, which were streaked with a multitude of colors. \"That's my favorite song.\" \"You sing it beautifully,\" he complemented, finally rising stiffly from his spot because he could not take that rock anymore. \"May I see how you're doing?\" \"No, sit back down, I'm not—\" she stammered, thankfully waving the hand without the brush as Goodnight had already crossed to where she was in a few of his long steps. For once in his life, he was speechless. Her enthusiasm had led him to believe that she was secretly an artist, but her painting was fairly lopsided, the lines uneven as if done by a shaky hand. The man on the canvas, dark-haired beneath his hat, wore clothing close to the same color as Goodnight, and he was seated on the embankment of a creek, but the similarities stopped there. Around the edge of the water, she'd painted bright orange, yellow, and red flowers, successfully giving the creek the appearance from a distance that fire enveloped it. Instead of the bright day with the sun high overhead, the sky was dark and spattered with little white dots, and a waxing crescent moon hung low in the top right corner. \"I never said I was good,\" she said, breaking the silence. Goodnight finally looked from the painting to Augusta, who gazed up at him expectantly with cautious doe eyes. Oh, what thin eggshells he was walking on. \"This is entirely unexpected,\" Goodnight said once he found his voice, and he hoped it was polite enough that she wouldn't take any offense. \"I haven't been here at night, but I imagine you have. And you looked so peaceful over there that I just had to make it nighttime—you know how lovely it is when the moon is out and bright, and you see, there's Orion because I wanted the stars to have depth and I'm sure that you know all the constellations, but Orion is the only one that I can ever find.\" She paused to gauge his reaction, and he never wanted to hear her speak with such disappointment again. \"You don't like it.\" \"Au contraire, Miss Augusta.\" Taking a seat next to her, Goodnight finally gave her his lopsided grin, and his stomach leapt when her lips pulled back bashfully and she ducked her head. \"This is, beyond even a shadow of a doubt, my favorite painting, and if you would allow me, I believe it would look perfect in the main hall at Foxsong.\" And then, confirming his suspicions that she had been holding back the gesture all that time, Augusta rolled her eyes, so quickly that he would have missed it had he not been watching her face, and Goodnight couldn't curb the deep bark of laughter that escaped his lips. He did, though, check the urge to kiss her cheek and instead swept his thumb across the smattering of orange she had painted on it. \"You embarrass me, Mr. Robicheaux.\" But he could tell that, behind her blush, she was trying not to laugh too. \"I sat on that goddamn rock for a good two hours, Billy.\" Even on his way back to the house, he hadn't been able to sit in the saddle properly, the feeling of the sharp rock still pressing into him, and he hadn't gone two hundred yards before he'd dismounted, which had been for the better, considering the painting was still wet. Walking had also given him time to figure out how he would get the painting into the house and out of sight until he could smuggle it to New Orleans for a frame the following month. How he'd explain the sudden portrait of himself by their creek, he hadn't the slightest idea, but he'd been smooth enough to figure he could make up some story. At some point in the night, Billy has become invested in story time, though not enough for him to vocalize his questions. But Goodnight can read Billy as well as his favorite book, and the look in Billy's eyes says, Was it worth it? Just like he doesn't ask personal questions, not vocally, Billy never does anything without good reason, doesn't do anything if he doesn't figure the returns will outnumber the costs, and Goodnight reckons that's how he's gotten so far. He could have been a good businessman had his circumstances been different. Was it worth it? Goodnight thinks hard. There were lots of decisions he'd made in his life that had not been worth it, half of them involving Augusta, and a good half of the others involving Billy. If he was given the choice, Goodnight knows without having to pause the ones he'd change, the ones he wouldn't bat an eye to. Was sitting on that goddamn rock for so long worth it? He thinks about the new insight he'd been made privy to that day. It hadn't take much to make her happy, but he thinks he'd unconsciously decided on the banks of the creek that he wanted to keep her happy. He remembers the day Augusta had come to Foxsong as the new lady of the house for the first time and had seen her painting hanging on the wall almost as soon as she'd walked through the door. He remembers watching her paint all those other canvases and the look she'd tried to contain when he'd hung them in the house, no matter how bad they were. He can't remember anything but her smile, if that answers the question. \"Are you sure this is a good idea?\" Belles were expected to only show an expression of gaiety, but in the past few months, Goodnight had discovered Augusta had a face of glass. She cut her eyes sideways at him, snarling slightly, obviously unimpressed on how he had chosen for them to spend the day. She hoisted Goodnight's rifle up to her stomach and faced him. \"I don't—\" Involuntarily, Goodnight's hands flew to his head, and he ducked away. \"Miss Augusta, darlin', if you'd be so kind as to not point that thing at me, I'd be much obliged.\" He didn't know how he'd explain a bullet wound without giving away their secret—and he had no desire to be shot. \"Sorry,\" she said, and turned the gun so that it was no longer facing him. He wiped his brow with his handkerchief, blinking rapidly a few times to still his racing heart. \"Now, just remember what I told you, and you'll be fine. Keep that foot behind you, and look straight down the barrel. There you go, you've got it. Remember it'll kick, but you need to let it surprise you. And when I say, pull that trigger slowly , remember that part. Do it slowly . And...FIRE!\" Augusta pulled the trigger, and the rifle immediately bucked into the air, throwing her shoulder back. She cried out, mostly in fright, and stumbled backwards before lowering the gun. The paper he had tacked to the tree was perfectly intact. \"Goddamn, that was—\" he caught her eye. \"—that was your first try.\" \"That was loud, and I did not enjoy it.\" She held out the rifle. \"No more.\" \"No, no, that was good,\" he said with a smile and nod, to which she pursed her lips and pushed the gun nearer. \"One more try. I have an idea.\" Goodnight maneuvered behind her, pressing against her ever so slightly and partially crushing her crinolines, and she shifted uncomfortably. He tried not to think about how he probably would get shot for this. \"What are you doing?\" \"Do you trust me?\" Augusta whipped her head around with a frown on her pretty lips, though it was one of uncertain wariness than unhappiness, and was met with a grin from Goodnight. \"You are asking a loaded question.\" \"And you are holding a loaded gun, darlin'. Now turn back around.\" After one final scowl, she obeyed. \"You did really well the first time with your form, it was just the kickback that got you. This time, get mad at the target, you've got to get really mad.\" \"I've got to hate it?\" Goodnight thought for a moment and shrugged. \"Yeah, that's the idea. Hate what you're firing at. Alright, you're lined up just great. Hold that steady—thatta girl. Don't pay any mind to this.\" He pressed closer. \"You just focus on shooting. You're not going anywhere, so don't be scared of the kick. Now I'm going to cover your ears, and when I do, you can shoot any time.\" Taking careful consideration not to squeeze too hard, Goodnight pressed his palm to her ears. He watched her shoulders raise and lower as she took a deep, shaky breath, felt her back shift against his chest. Goddamn, they were close, and this was not proper in the least. He barely had to move his head at all to press his lips to her cheek... The bang brought him to his senses. Augusta ricocheted into him with an \"oof,\" but he stayed where he was and kept her upright. And when the smoke cleared, there was a single round hole in the top left corner of the paper. Beaming, Goodnight lowered his hands to her shoulders. \"I'll make a sharpshooter of you yet.\" \"I imagined it was Oceane.\" Billy has lost his stoic expression and is now wearing one of pure bewilderment. He blinks once. \"You taught her to shoot? A rifle?\" Goodnight pulls at his beard sheepishly, noting he needs a shave, and tries to laugh. \"I, uh...I can't explain that one. I'd intended to showcase my skills and shoot the nail on the paper—even back then I had quite the reputation around New Orleans for being a damn good shot—but I have no idea exactly what spirit possessed me to give her the rifle. And then she told me she'd thought about Oceane, and I said to myself, 'Goodnight, you have just become an accomplice in murder.'\" The joke is still on him. Finally Billy chuckles to himself, shaking his head, lips curving up around his cigarette, and scoffs, \"A rifle. Knives would have been better.\" \"Mr. Robicheaux?\" Augusta asked one day, timidity making her stomach dance. \"May I ask you something?\" Goodnight glanced up at her, and when he saw the uncertainty in her eyes, he sat up, face clouding with concern. \"What's on your mind, darlin'?\" Augusta swallowed hard and bit the inside of her cheek in contemplation. She'd been scolded harshly by her father when she'd asked him what the situation was about, but she couldn't imagine Goodnight doing the same thing, not when he had yet to show a mean bone in his body, when he was nothing but kind and gentle. Not that it wouldn't be wrong of him to put her in her place, but she didn't want to face him if he did. \"It's just...I heard my father talking about something the other day, and I didn't understand it, and he won't tell me. You don't have to answer, but I thought you would be honest. He said something about…ruffians in Kansas.\" By the way he paled, coupled with her father's reaction, Augusta thought maybe she didn't want to know about the ruffians anymore. \"I understand that you don't have to tell me if it's none of my business. But if it affects you and my father, it must affect me somehow too.\" \"It's...it's sort of tricky, Miss Augusta. It's getting a bit dicey in Congress. The government decided to let Kansas choose on whether it wanted to allow slavery or not, and people are very polarized. They've had some... skirmishes break out.\" He was choosing his words too carefully to actually mean skirmishes; she and Salome had skirmishes with Oceane and Anastasie, and that was nothing to be concerned about—not unless Salome really got set off. She thought about the look of uncontrolled fury Salome would get in those moments that told the world Satan was manifesting himself in her, and Augusta's stomach dropped. \"Are people dying?\" \"Yes,\" Goodnight answered after a pause, much quieter than usual. His sharp eyes kept roving over her face, searching for something she didn't know. He had the most wonderful eyes, so clear and pensive, always looking at her like she was bearing magnificent news. \"Why, though? Why should people die for this?\" Augusta asked when she'd realized he was speaking and turned to the ground. The season finally chilling, the wind blew harshly, and she pulled her arms closer to her. Goodnight sighed and moved closer, shrugging off his coat to drape it over her shoulders. \"Why do you think your sisters are so loud?\" When Augusta shook her head, Goodnight continued, \"Because people like to have their voice heard, and they go to extreme measures sometimes to see that happens. See, if Kansas became a state, then it would throw off the balance in Washington, which would mean one side of the slavery argument would be represented more than the other side. One side wouldn't be as heard.\" She couldn't stop herself from wringing her hands inside her muffler. People were dying, and she didn't quite understand how they couldn't find another way to solve the issue; obviously, they needed slavery, and that settled the matter in her opinion, but for whatever reason, people were dying. At that thought, she looked away from Goodnight. \"That's scary.\" \"No, no, no,\" he soothed, reaching out to pat her muffler. He smiled, a true one, not his endearing, lopsided half-grin. \"Fear not, Miss Augusta. Things will smooth out just fine. Hey,\" he said, swiping his thumb across her cheekbone and leaving a tingling trail in its wake. \"You don't have any reason for worry.\" When she looked back at him, catching his eye, Goodnight gave her a bigger grin until it almost became straight. Something in the way he said it felt so reassuring and made her believe him; or maybe it was the fact he'd said it at all, that he'd been respectful enough to tell her the truth, which made him seem so reliable; or even still, it could have been how much closer he got when the nerves set in, as if trying to keep whatever was unsettling her at bay. Whatever it was, it was comforting to know that she could trust him to be honest with her, and Augusta couldn't help the smile that spread across her face and tugged his coat tighter around her body. It would make do for now.[Chapter 4] There's a little shift in time here. It's still 1877 with Billy, but it's the 1856 Mardi Gras Season without him. Special thanks goes to warqueenfuriosa for her help with this. Disclaimer: I do not own Magnificent Seven. Otherwise everyone would be alive, and we'd already have a sequel...mostly of Billy and Goody just riding around doing cowboy things, with a side of Vasquez and Faraday. \"The Degarmo-Labelle wedding is next month, right in the middle of the season. I don't know how they're going to manage that, poor planning on their part. Mattie liked to have had a fit when she found out it was during Mardi Gras, so I guess that takes care of three months that we'll never have ours. Say, Goody, speaking of weddings, are you ever going to—damn this thing!\" Ames suddenly cursed, tossing his cravat into their air. Goodnight looked up from where he'd wordlessly been putting on a pair of emerald cufflinks and sighed as he moved across his New Orleans bedroom to help his friend. \"Ames, are you going to learn to dress yourself?\" \"I can dress myself just fine, thank you. It's just that I can never get this thing tied.\" In four swift, deft movements, Goodnight had an elegant knot tied around Ames's neck. \"I reckon you can manage your shoelaces,\" he asked, and went back to his dressing table for his other cufflink. Tonight was the Castex ball, perhaps the biggest of the Mardi Gras season behind the Fat Tuesday party that Goodnight's family hosted. \"Oh, look at you, Goodnight Robicheaux, marksman extraordinaire and esteemed cravat tier. Just put on your jewels and hush,\" Ames snapped in retaliation, nose high in the air with false egotism but with his good-natured twinkle in his eye. \"As I was saying. Are you ever going to start courting Augusta? I know you've been sweet on her since the Magees'.\" \"Are you ever going to actually propose to Mathilde instead of just talking about this supposed wedding? I know you've been courting her since before I got home.\" \"You only know that because of Augusta. I'll get around to it one of these days, and she knows that. But what about Miss Augusta? All you do is make cow eyes at her, and everyone can see there is something going on that you aren't telling us. Tell me that you're going to start calling soon.\" Back to Ames, Goodnight let out a sigh of relief, glad his friend couldn't see his face. His whole being had frozen when Ames had implied there was something secret between with Augusta, but Ames didn't seem to know that he was right. He struggled to compose himself, stammering, \"I don't know, Ames. She's…she's lovely, but—\" \"But what? You know what your problem is? You overthink things.\" Ames straightened his coat and, crossing to where Goodnight was putting on his shoes, laid a hand on his shoulder. \"Goody. It's obvious that you adore her. Please, for my sake and hers, don't think about it and just find the nerve to do this.\" Goodnight wanted to be angry at the implication that he was a coward, but he knew Ames was right. Countless times since arriving in New Orleans, he'd watched her ride by in her carriage and considered going to speak to the Evercreeches while she was out, but he'd yet to get up the nerve to do it. He kept asking himself, What if? What if she doesn't feel the same? What if I can't make her happy? If he didn't want to hurt Augusta, then instead of being worried about a courtship not panning out, he realized that he shouldn't have kept up their banter and rendezvous for so long; but more than anything, he was terrified that he would fall short of her expectations, or else leave her heartbroken. And he did adore her, that he couldn't deny. With a self-satisfied smirk at his friend, Ames winked like he knew he had struck a nerve but didn't care because he'd accomplished his goal. \"Let's go. The party is going to be in full swing if we don't hurry, and I know how you love watching Augusta make her entrance.\" Goodnight had no doubt that Ames had Mathilde working for him. Even if Augusta was friends with the Verret twins, she seemed to end up with them an awful lot more than she did with anyone else, and Mathilde, never too far from Ames, who was in turn never too far from Goodnight, toted Augusta around as if to simply dangle her in Goodnight's face to tempt him to do something. When the familiar red Evercreech carriage pulled to the front steps, Goodnight hopped in front of Sacha Castex to help down Augusta. He was surprised to find Hattie Verret step down first, then Mathilde, who was quickly snatched by Ames, and Salome before Augusta herself alighted slowly. Clutching her fan tightly in one hand, she offered him a shaky smile in thanks and held firm the hand he offered. She stumbled, missing the step, and Goodnight hurriedly made a grab to catch her. \"Are you all right, Miss Augusta?\" Voice breathy, lower than usual, she covered her chest with her fan hand, blush creeping at her neck. \"I…I'm fine except for making a spectacle of myself. I know it isn't quite proper, but my companions and chaperone seem to be long gone, and I'd be eternally grateful, Mr. Robicheaux, if you'd lend me your arm.\" As Goodnight fulfilled her request, he noticed how tight of a grip she had instead of her usual light touch and—perhaps it was merely from the low light outside—the pallor of Augusta's face, and when it didn't change after they entered, Goodnight pressed the back of his hand to her neck, cool and damp, not caring that he shouldn't be touching her this way. \"Are you sure you're feeling well?\" \"Let's sit down, shall we?\" Goodnight chalked up her complexion to being peckish, and once he had her seated next to Hattie under the suspicious eye of Salome, he set off for the hor d'oeuvres and returned with a plate. \"Have a bite to eat.\" \"Oh, I don't think I could possibly…\" Whatever she didn't think possible, she didn't say, but set down her fan, which had been feverishly flapping in front of her. Satisfied by her picking up a canapé, Goodnight reached for her dance card, asking how many she thought he could get away with, and put his name beside two, then turned to be entertained by Ames fussing with Mathilde. Even after dinner was served, they continued to bicker, though it was obvious they were doing so only for bickering's sake, over whether Minerva would manage a dance from Micah or who they thought would need the doctor called, as the Castexes had never made it through a ball without the doctor tending to someone. It was when, from the corner of his eye, Goodnight saw Augusta pick up her fan again that he glanced at her plate. Since the DuBois party, he had learned that she was not a quick diner, but even now, she hadn't eaten anything that had been put in front of her. Every canapé that he'd brought her was still on her plate, though a bite had been taken out of one, and her dinner plate had not even been touched. \"Darlin',\" he ogled, \"aren't you going to eat?\" \"No, I'm not hungry at the moment.\" Back and forth she swatted her fan, back and forth at an alarming rate. \"I wish you would eat. You're driving me mad with that fan, Aggie,\" Hattie grumbled, trying in vain to smooth the hair that Augusta was blowing, and Salome finally turned her attention to her young charge and regarded her as she might regard an old, used handkerchief that had been discarded into her lap. \"I'm sorry, it's just so...it's so hot in here. I can't catch my breath.\" Goodnight nabbed a glass of water from a passing waiter. \"Have something to drink, Miss Augusta.\" She complied, and after she'd downed half the glass, though slow enough to be proper, she closed her fan. \"Thank you, Mr. Robicheaux.\" He kept an eye on her for a few more moments, but she didn't reach for her fan again and appeared interested in the table conversation, so he thought nothing more of it. When the music started, earning a whoop from Ames, Goodnight helped Augusta to her feet and bowed in one smooth move before leading her to the floor. Once they had taken their places on the floor and given their customary greetings, Goodnight swept Augusta close for the galop, her skirts billowing out in the first turn with the other ladies' in a torrent like a cavalcade of flags, and a gush of pride swept over him that he could carry her colors in the opening number. He stood a little taller and offered her a smile, which was returned in the form of a sort of grimace. After they had taken a full turn and a half about the floor and her complexion had continually grayed, Goodnight leaned his lips close to her ear, knowing he wasn't supposed to speak while dancing. \"Miss Augusta, please tell me if you aren't feeling well. You're starting to worry me.\" \"I don't—Mr. Robi—Mr. Robicheaux, I think I need to—sit down for a moment,\" Augusta panted, blinking rapidly. \"I'm so sorry...but I really—quite woozy.\" Immediately Goodnight's stomach dropped, and he halted to the side of the floor while Augusta swayed in place. This time he didn't quite question why she gripped his arm so hard as he led her off the floor and towards the wall, away from gossipy eyes. He had been aiming for their table, but Augusta latched onto the bar on the far wall halfway there. \"Hold on a moment, Miss Augusta, I'll pull up a chair right here,\" he blurted fearfully. He let go of her for only a second, never taking his eyes away from her now ashen face. \"I—I can't b-breathe,\" she gasped, and then Goodnight couldn't move fast enough, feeling as though he were watching himself from outside his body, the air as thick as water. Augusta made as if to grab him, but instead she swayed once, face relaxing, and hit the wall behind her, bouncing off sharply, knees buckling. Goodnight shouted her name as her head met the side of the marble bar with a sharp crack, and she crumpled to the floor in a heap of fabric and a quickly growing pool of blood. \"Augusta,\" he cried again, forgetting in his panic to add the formality. His heart threatened to beat its way out of his chest, and he cursed as his handkerchief stuck in his pocket. Without even caring that it was his best one, Goodnight pressed it to her forehead and instantly felt sick when the sticky liquid soaked through to his gloved fingers. \"Augusta, can you hear me?\" No response. Cursing loudly, Goodnight patted her cheek gently and wished with all his might that a vial of smelling salts would appear in his pocket. His heart hammered, and more blood leaked from Augusta's head. Goddamn it, he'd been trained to dance and talk suavely at balls, not what to do when a lady split open her head. \"Is she all right?\" asked a low, cold voice behind him, and Goodnight whipped his head around to find Salome standing behind him, face devoid of any worry and as bored as ever. When she caught sight of her sister, she arched an eyebrow. \"Oh. Heavens. This doesn't help my reputation as a terrible chaperone, now does it? Mammy must have gotten her too tight again. Well, let's get her out of here.\" Though she didn't sound the least bit concerned, Salome waited for Goodnight to pick up Augusta before she scuttled along in front of them, pausing only to say something to a waiter as they passed. Even as she hurried, her hips swayed enticingly, skirts brushing side to side over the floor, and it was evident that Salome, with her head held haughtily high, knew exactly how beautiful she was. As she passed through the ballroom and hall, both gentlemen and ladies turned their gaze to her, but she didn't give any indication that she noticed, and it wasn't until they entered the parlor that she even acknowledged Goodnight again when she motioned to the divan. \"You need to leave, we're going to have to get her unlaced.\" With that, Salome had shooed him from the room just as the local doctor, Mrs. Castex, and the waiter to whom Salome had spoken bustled in, and the parlor door slid shut in his face. A protest still on his lips, Goodnight looked up and down the hall, now emptying as the next song started, and took a seat on a stool across from the parlor door, swallowing his protest; though why he even thought he'd stay with her while they unlaced her corset was beyond him. He sat there for a few moments, catching sight of a few red droplets on the floor in front of him before he realized that he had been wringing his soiled handkerchief unconsciously. Glove damp, his hand too was now coated in a thick, sticky layer of poor Miss Augusta's blood. \"There he is,\" Mathilde cried, popping into the hall, while Ames shouted, \"Goody!\" Mathilde's eyes widened at his gloves, and Ames said, \"Jesus, Goody, Hattie told us she saw you carrying a bloodied Augusta. What happened?\" \"Augusta, she…she fainted, conked her head on the bar, poor thing.\" Mathilde gasped, covering her mouth with her hand as her eyes filled with tears. Ames whistled and clapped Goodnight on the shoulder. \"Don't worry, Goody, she'll be ok.\" \"There was so much blood,\" Goodnight murmured and shut his eyes. The crack of her head hitting the bar echoed in his mind, and even with his eyes closed, he could see her lying in a pool of blood. \"I—I let her go. She obviously couldn't stand, but I let her go. I was trying to get her a chair. I shouldn't have even been dancing with her, I should have known something was wrong, she'd been funny all night.\" \"Goodnight Robicheaux, you stop that,\" Mathilde scolded sharply, hands on her hips, and she bent down until she was level with him, taking his chin in her hand and making him look her in the eye. \"Now she told us on the way here that her mammy had laced her corset too tight. She just fainted and hit her head, she'll be fine. Besides, what…well, it's a good thing the galop was first, or she would have gone the whole night being laced too lightly. And just think, Ames and I were both wrong about who the doctor would be called for!\" \"Oh boy, Mattie, do we need to work on your bedside manner. Don't blame yourself, Goody,\" Ames said with another pat. \"This isn't your fault. Remember that time when we were nine and you fell out of that tree? Your head bled and bled, and you were just fine, even though Mama said she'd never seen so much blood.\" But the blood making his fingers stick together made him think differently. They hadn't heard the smack on her way down. They hadn't seen the way she had fallen, how she had crumpled to the floor, how she had lain in a pool of her own blood because he hadn't kept a hold on her and how heavy she had felt in his arms. Slipping from Mathilde's grip, Goodnight leaned over and pressed his palms into his eyes, hoping that it would rid him of the sight he'd witnessed. The couple waited outside the parlor with him for another two songs before the door opened, and the doctor came out, wiping his hands on a rag. Immediately, Goodnight rose to his feet. \"How is she?\" he asked softly, impressed that his voice had even worked. \"Go see for yourself, if Mrs. Saucier is agreeable ,\" he said, and went to rejoin the party. Mathilde pulled Goodnight to her by his vest and rubbed her handkerchief over his eyes where his soiled gloves had left a stain, and once she had him acceptable, she held out her hands for his gloves. It was only when Ames pushed him that Goodnight found the strength to move. When he finally entered the room, Goodnight found Augusta lying on the divan, skin still wan, her head, wrapped in a stark white bandage, flopping to the side awkwardly, and it took all his restraint not to take her hands and sink to his knees at her side. Instead, he brushed back a lock of her hair from her eye and watched as her they fluttered halfway open. \"How are you feeling, Miss Augusta,\" he asked as he pulled up a chair. \"Oh,\" she muddled out, \"stars above, my head is positively throbbing, and I've made an absolute fool of myself, but if you just let me lie here, I'll be right as rain in a few moments.\" \"You haven't made a fool of yourself. I doubt even half the party realized what happened. But you did take quite the tumble. I was worried you'd done something more serious than just knocking yourself silly.\" \"I don't remember that, but I'll take your word for it. The pounding in my head makes me think you're telling the truth.\" Again Goodnight found himself pushing back some of her hair, even though Salome stood at the door to keep an eye on them. Propriety be damned, he'd nearly been scared senseless by Augusta's tumble, and the poor girl looked so pitiful spread out on that divan with her pretty head covered in a bandage—and when he touched her, she tended to grin. \"Can I get you anything? Something to drink, maybe?\" \"You can call my carriage and see that the Verrets have a way home. I don't believe I'll be up for dancing tonight, and to be perfectly honest, I'd like to go home.\" \"Don't you worry, Miss Augusta, I'll make the arrangements.\" As he patted the cushion next to her in comfort, she gently covered his hand in her little one. \"Your sister is watching,\" he whispered, but hoped to God, the Devil, and whatever else was listening that she wouldn't remove her hand. \"I don't care, and neither does she,\" she huffed, voice trembling. \"She's a terrible chaperone. My head is throbbing, I woke up in a new place to the sight of Dr. Auvin, I'm about to cry, and I want my mammy, even if she is the one who laced me up too tight. Please hold my hand, Goodnight.\" Chuckling lowly, he leaned back slightly to keep his lips away from her cheek, which was slowly filling with color. \"You'll be just fine, Miss Augusta, don't you worry. Right as rain, remember?\" He noticed that she unsuccessfully tried to grin through her quivering lip, and he squeezed her hand, more than uncomfortable but unwilling to release her hand. \"Oh, please don't cry. I couldn't bear to see your pretty face like that. Your eyes are much too lovely to be red and watering.\" And then he realized their position. He realized exactly how perfectly Augusta's fingers fit between his, and how he'd never known more fear in his life than when he'd carried her from the ballroom. Even while her head was covered in a bandage and she didn't have a lick of color to her face, he wondered how he'd ever thought she'd been anything other than absolutely beautiful. Damn Ames. Suddenly, in thought of what he was about to say, his heart raced and he thought for a moment that they would need to find him a divan. He licked his lips and lowered his voice so that Salome couldn't hear. \"Miss Augusta. I'd like to ask your mama if she'd allow me to come calling on you. Formally, that is, not our rendezvous by the willow, but I want to be assured you wouldn't mind me doing so first.\" The trembling subsided as her lips pulled back into that enrapturing, partially-bashful smile. \"I'd be delighted to receive you properly.\" He didn't know how long he sat there like a fool, but when he came to his senses, he said, \"Excellent. I'll go call your carriage now.\" No matter that she was leaving and he wouldn't get a full dance, Goodnight couldn't suppress the spring in his step as he sent for the red Evercreech carriage. He returned to find her sitting up on the divan with her palms pressed to her eyes, and again Goodnight thought propriety be damned as he put a hand around her back to help her to the door. He all but picked her up to put her in the carriage, lifting her skirts with one hand and keeping the other in hers. Her chin in the air, Salome gave him another once-over down her nose, eyes narrowed, though thoughtfully instead of in anger. \"She fainted when she made her debut. I've always suspected that Mammy laces her too tightly when she knew it was an important event,\" she said, steely as ever, and with a toss of her beautiful head, she followed her sister into the carriage. Long after the party had finished, he laid awake in bed while his thoughts raced. Hadn't she fit just perfectly she against his side? And the way she had beamed when she told him she'd be delighted, and…if he'd been anywhere close to sleep, he was suddenly wide awake. How had he missed that? Please hold my hand, Goodnight. Goodnight. Goodnight somehow has even Billy rocking with laughter. \"Jesus, I thought I'd killed her that night, Billy!\" Billy waves for Goodnight's whiskey, and the older man takes a swig before he passes it over. He swipes a hand over his face, wiping off the laughter but leaving a smile. \"I reckon if I had, Sal would have killed me for making her seem like an even worse chaperone. I couldn't understand that night why Gus loved her so. \"We had a whole lot of money back then, didn't want for anything. I told you we ran a sugar plantation; if we'd had only a third of the land we did, we could have profited more than the two biggest cotton plantations combined. Her mama didn't put up any opposition when I asked to call on her. Likely her daddy would have handed her over on a silver platter right there if I'd asked.\" \"Why didn't you?\" Billy blows out a long, smooth stream of smoke, lazily, at ease, but that's Billy. Never hurried, but always purposeful. Goodnight thinks he would have made a good southern gentleman in that aspect, had he looked a little different. \"I didn't think that was what she wanted.\" Goodnight holds out his hand, and without hesitating, Billy passes him the cigarette. \"Something happened that night that made us change, but then again, near death experiences will do that to people. We lost the formalities, took to calling each other only by our given names, and by the end of the season, I was Goody to her, and she was Gus, though she swore up and down she hated it. But she was warmer after that night, and I felt...Goddamn, it was like I struck gold. I passed the test, and she opened up to me just a little bit more, just enough that I had to keep going.\" Goodnight closes his eyes as he breathes out the smoke. \"I wrote sonnets after that night, Billy, more beautiful than even the Bard could have managed, about her eyes, the way she said my name—after all this time, I can still see how her lips formed around the word. There was one likening us to the stroke of midnight between Fat Tuesday and Ash Wednesday, and I reckon sure hit that one on the head.\" He takes another drag and hands it back to Billy. \"They're all gone now.\" Billy's been silently listening to Goodnight weave his yarn, just like always. Always he reminds Goodnight of a cat, his predatory gaze, reserving judgement until the very end. In a way, Goodnight wishes he would go ahead and stop him. He wishes Billy would finally tell him what a sorry good-for-nothing he is. But Billy never does, just lets Goodnight go on weaving, lets him go down every rabbit trail and burrow into every fox hole that he needs to. That's just Billy, though, waiting through Goodnight's moods. They never do things in a hurry. With the patience of a saint, Billy eases through life at his own pace, slipping and sliding through time, while Goodnight wanders somewhere nearby, trying to keep up but knowing Billy won't get too far. Knowing he's the one who gets away. He used to stride, taking each day as it came, head held high. Now it's Billy who keeps his head up, and on his best days, Goodnight takes a glance to see what's going on. Some days Billy reminds Goodnight of Salome, the way he watches so carefully but with a detached disinterest. How gracefully he moves, and with an air that he knows it too. The way he can silence a conversation, even amongst people he doesn't know, with a single glance. The way he can look at you so disdainfully and then make a joke that tells you he considers you a friend. \"I would have done it right then, though—married her, that is. By the end of that season, goddamn, I was in love with her. But I didn't. I waited a few weeks after we got home before I went calling on her. It was May by then, and Lord, Hell was breaking through the Earth's crust, but I would have sat on the porch all day with Gus and her mama if I could have.\"[Chapter 5] Fun fact: there's a myth that in the Antebellum South, they had these things called courting candles, which were candles in adjustable spiral holders, and whenever the candle melted to the holder, it was time for the suitor to leave. Special thanks for warqueenfuriosa's help in all this. As a disclaimer: I do not own Magnificent Seven, but it's out on download/DVD now if you'd like to have a copy. From his place across the yard, Sam glanced up through his lashes, a movement that most people were unable to see and which he'd learned from years of careful practice. Mrs. Evercreech was looking between the fields and her daughter, mouth pressed together in a thin line as she debated what to do: fulfill the duty to her daughter, or fulfill her duty as a great lady; she took a deep breath. \"Augusta, I will only be a moment. Mammy is right inside the parlor there, so don't think about being bold. Sam,\" she called to where he was splitting wood. He wiped his brow with the back of his hand as Mrs. Evercreech spoke in hushed tones, telling him to do nothing he hadn't already planned on. \"Remember, Augusta, you can never rebuild a reputation,\" she said sternly, stepping into the wagon. She had no sooner vanished from sight than a large chestnut horse trotted down the lane and up to the porch. In one graceful motion, the man who must have been Goodnight Robicheaux had slipped from his horse and swept the hat from his head, bending over in a small bow while he took a hand and pressed it to his lips. \"Miss Augusta Evercreech, ma chèri , it is an honor to be received.\" \"There's no need for theatrics, Goody,\" Miss Augusta said softly as her neck flushed, lips pressed together in an excited but bashful smile. \"I'm not being theatrical, darlin'. I'm genuinely grateful that I was allowed this opportunity.\" With a smile of his own, he kissed her hand again. Sam read that Miss Augusta's eyes told him to stop, but the smirk on her lips said she was pleased. She slowly pulled back her hand and motioned towards him formally. \"Mr. Robicheaux, this is my friend Sam.\" \"So this is the friend that I have heard so much about. How do you do, Sam?\" With his hand extended, Goodnight crossed the yard in a few long, loping strides. \"Goodnight Robicheaux is the name.\" Casting a glance at Miss Augusta for approval, Sam cautiously shook Goodnight's hand, taken back that a white man of such status would ever offer to shake hands. Even among the slaves, the name Robicheaux carried weight; the family was known for giving out substantial Christmas gifts and a massive party at the end of the work seasons. \"Name's Sam, Mr. Robicheaux.\" \"Goodnight will suffice. It's a pleasure to finally meet you. Any friend of Augusta's is a friend of mine.\" Sam took in this man: elegant and confident, with wide shoulders that hinted he could have an imposing physique if he chose, carrying himself in a way that showed he was both proud of who he was and happy to just be alive. His eyes gleamed when he said Miss Augusta's name, and Sam finally grinned and looked back to Miss Augusta, shaking his head. \"You found yourself a suave beau, Miss Augusta.\" \"Suave, am I? Well. I like you.\" Augusta laughed while Goodnight, chest puffed up, crossed back to her and fixed himself on the porch steps, long legs splayed out in front of him, elbows propping himself up. Looking at him lounging on her porch, so debonair and relaxed, Sam could tell that she couldn't keep away a smile, and he was almost half-inclined to grin himself. \"Goody, you're too much sometimes.\" \"I'm enough for you.\" This man leaned towards Miss Augusta, eyes never leaving her face, continually giving her a look as if she had hung the moon and the stars and named them all, and Sam doubted he realized any of it. If Miss Augusta had asked him to take her to China at that very moment, Sam thought Mr. Goodnight wouldn't even hesitate. When Mrs. Evercreech returned from her nursing duty, he snapped to his feet, bowing low and flattering Mrs. Evercreech so much that she didn't know what to do besides wave him back down. And Miss Augusta, she was glowing. She hung on to his every pretty word, lips perpetually turned up at the corners, and Sam was happy. He'd seen her sisters sit on the porch with beaux before, never with an expression like the one on Miss Augusta's face, and Sam felt a bittersweet happiness that her time had finally come. And then he felt old. That evening after dinner, Augusta sat at the table in Mammy's cabin while Sam polished shoes, both taking comfort in each other's quiet presence. Sam knew why she was there, but he'd been enjoying stringing her along, talking about Miss Anastasie's new baby, how Mammy had prepared the pie for dinner, which he'd received a stolen piece of from Miss Augusta. He knew Miss Augusta was ready to explode with anticipation. Hiding his smirk, he said offhandedly, \"That's some beau you've got, Miss Augusta.\" \"What did you think,\" Miss Augusta asked, instantly perking up, and Sam chuckled to himself. The three other sisters, though older than him, had always served to be a pain in his neck. Miss Anastasie had opinions on everything and had never been satisfied with anything that he'd done. Nine times Miss Salome had been mean as a snake, but on the tenth time she'd been perfectly sweet, and he could still never tell if it was the ninth or tenth time; and Miss Oceane—well, everyone had celebrated her wedding with what an outsider would probably consider a little too much fervor. But then came Miss Augusta, forever overlooked with Miss Oceane's bullying and theatrics, just as quiet and sweet as she could be. He'd found a secret friend in Miss Augusta, white skin and all. \"Oh, Miss Augusta, you know it don't matter what I think.\" \"It does too, Sam. You know that I care.\" Sam considered telling her what he'd observed that afternoon, but he wanted her to come to those conclusions on her own. Instead, he glanced at her from the corner of his eyes. \"Well, I think he's awfully moony,\" Sam teased, only to watch Miss Augusta blush. He chuckled and reached for another boot. \"You just be careful, Miss Augusta. Even if you're fond of each other, you've still got a reputation.\" \"Oh, I know, I know. We're perfectly good.\" I'm being good. He'd heard that phrase before, once when she'd disappeared for the day to \"read\" and had come back with little progress made in the only book she'd taken with her. Brow furrowed, Sam's head jerked up as he faced her, and only then did she seem to realize what she had said. Her mouth dropped into an 'o,' and she shook her head faintly, paling. Eyes nearly popping out of her head, Augusta stammered, \"I—I don't...I—Sam. Don't jump to any conclusions, now. You saw him today, and he's a perfect gentleman.\" After knowing her for her whole life, and as wise and level as she could be, it was easy for him to forget her naivety. Now he sorely wished she hadn't said anything at all and that he hadn't made a connection. The last thing he needed was for something to go wrong and people to find out that he had known something was up. \"Miss Augusta…\" he groaned. \"Sam, you listen to me. Now, whatever you're thinking isn't true.\" \"Miss Augusta, you're going to get me in trouble. Just imagine what would happen if my ma found out that I knew.\" \"She's not going to find out because there's nothing to find out,\" Miss Augusta insisted with a determined look that reminded him too much of Miss Salome, brows coming together and chin raising just so. She swallowed hard. \"Sam, when have I ever let you get in trouble?\" A chuckle escaped his lips before he could catch it. \"Don't play that card, Miss Augusta.\" In response, Miss Augusta hummed. Sam just smirked, then shook his head with another chuckle. As much as it irritated him to acknowledge it at the moment, she was right; Sam kept his head low for the most part, but if there was ever the slightest indication that he was about to be in trouble, Miss Augusta was always there to wipe away any blame. \"Do you hope he marries you?\" \"Oh, I think any girl with enough sense to walk straight would hope that he married them,\" she said wistfully, and when she caught herself, her neck was set aflame. Sam chuckled again, but suddenly solemn, she placed her hand on his arm. \"Sam, promise me something.\" \"I'll do my best.\" \"No matter who I marry, whether it's Goodnight Robicheaux or…or Josiah Miller, for all that we know, you'll come with me.\" Sam sat back in shock. He blinked once before he said, \"Miss Augusta, you know I can't promise you that, and even if I could, I have family here.\" \"We'll bring them too. It'll be you, me, Mammy, and Ruth. That's the way it's always been…well, it's been like that for about five years with Ruth, but it's always been you, me, and Mammy. I couldn't imagine going anywhere without y'all.\" They sat there in silence for a moment before Augusta asked, \"Sam, what do you want?\" He snorted in amused disbelief. \"Where is this coming from?\" \"Well, I'm sitting here asking you to come with me, but maybe you don't want to, so what is it that you want?\" Sam rubbed at a place on Mrs. Evercreech's boot that he'd already done, not wanting to see her face when he said, \"I want to get on my own horse and ride wherever I please.\" From the corner of his eye, he could just see her nod ever so slightly, but Miss Augusta didn't say anything more to him for the rest of the evening, which was what he'd been afraid of; he was grateful for all that she'd done for his family, but he'd be lying if he said he wanted to work on a plantation until the day he died. They sat in silence until the rest of his family came in, at which point his sister hopped right into the chair next to Miss Augusta, who pulled out a child's reader and paper and scooted her chair closer. Eventually Sam finished with his polishing and leaned back to watch his sister's lesson, stretching his arms overhead after a long day. Perhaps he'd been wrong to say it, but he'd grown up with Miss Augusta, and he'd always been able to speak with her. She'd been right when she'd said it had always at least been the three of them, and if she wanted him to come with her when she left, then what right did he have to say no? Given his choice, though, he would take his family and leave for somewhere new, someplace he could do as he pleased without anyone to answer to. Not that he wouldn't miss his friend Miss Augusta. \"Sam…\" Augusta began thoughtfully. \"I've been told his name was the first word I said. He's about three years older than you, so he grew up right between Oceane and me, and you know how Oceane is. Between Oceane and Ana, and Sal getting fed up with them both, our house used to be so loud, and Sam wasn't. I liked how quiet he was. He was easy to smile, and when my only other option for a friend was Sal, who was nearly ten years older, we allied ourselves. I taught him to read and everything.\" \"That explains how he knew to call me suave. You better be careful though, lot of people won't like you doing that.\" \"Well, it's only improper if I get caught, I suppose, and he's real careful.\" \"That must be your motto.\" Only improper if they got caught. Despite the past few months of courting, they hadn't stopped meeting under the willow. Goodnight now traced circles over Augusta's palm as he interviewed her. \"Tell me, Gus—\" \"I told you not to call me that.\" That was her answer every time he said it, and every time her tone told him that she didn't quite mind. \"—exactly why do you get along with Salome so well when she's so ornery?\" If it meant he could listen to her, Goodnight would be content to lie next to her and ask every question under the sun about her family. He loved the way she tilted her head side to side as she spoke, the way her lips moved as she formed the words. When Augusta laughed, she tipped back her head and cocked it to the side ever so slightly. \"Oh, Sal may be ornery, but she's much more sensible. She thinks Oceane and Ana are downright stupid, they drive her mad. And she's really not so bad. She may seem...cold, but she really isn't. I can count on her.\" \"Sans chaperoning responsibly.\" \"You're telling me. Look at this, I have a scar!\" Augusta brushed back her hair to reveal a long, thin white slash across her temple, and for the first time, Goodnight realized she had kept her hair over it for the entirety of the season. \"You sure do.\" Sitting up, he swiped a finger down the raised skin, a reminder of how he'd let her go, how she had crashed to the floor because he hadn't held on, that he hadn't helped her like she had needed. His face contorted involuntarily. \"Gus, I'm real sorry about that.\" \"Oh, Goody you can't blame yourself. You were the only one who tried to help me. This was Mammy's doing, and I reckon she's real proud of it, now that you're calling on me and everything. But we were talking about Sal. She's better than Ana or Oceane at chaperoning, that's for sure. She may not say anything, but she keeps an eye out.\" His face must have told her that he disagreed, that he disagreed very much and it was his fault, because her lovely green eyes softened into an expression that he hadn't seen before. Before he fully realized what she was doing, Augusta had raised her little hand and was skimming it down his own temple, leaving a burning hot trail in its wake no matter how cold her hand was, and his breath hitched at the contact. She left her hand on his cheek, running her thumb over the bone. Voice low enough that he leaned in closer, she whispered, \"Goody, sweetheart, this isn't your fault. Imagine the scene I would have caused on the dancefloor—better that you got me to the side than I dropped there in the center of the room. And I'm right as rain now, just like I said I'd be.\" When she still didn't take him to be convinced, she continued, \"Goody, I don't blame you at all. In fact, you're the person I blame the least. I mean, I'd told the twins and Sal that I was too tight, but they didn't care a bit.\" It had been a year since he'd first spoken with Ames. He'd asked if Goodnight loved her, and Goodnight had answered that he didn't know her enough to say. By now he knew that she loved the color purple. She drank her tea with cream and two cubes of sugar, and though she'd never admit it out loud, she didn't think she was as pretty as her sisters, but Goodnight thought they couldn't compare; he still longed to sink his fingers through the mane of black curls that was her hair. And he'd get there eventually. He didn't know everything about her, but he knew that he loved her and he'd find out everything as soon as he could. The words bloomed in his throat but caught on his lips, and when he couldn't get them out at first, he swallowed them and tried to find a different way. He needed the moment to be perfect, for his expression to come out in a way like none other, beautiful enough to fit his feelings and her, lasting enough that she'd remember it no matter how many times she read similar declarations. She had to understand there was something above ardently and souls being made from the same thing, and she had long since bewitched him. But nothing suitable came to mind, and he could not force the moment. Instead, he resumed tracing circles on her palm. How fortunate was he that she had decided to hop, hop, hop right across the creek that day? But as much as he loved being able to trace circles on her palm, he sorely wished he could hold something more than her hand. \"That tickles,\" she said, and jerked away her hand when he lightened his stroke. \"I won't do it again,\" he told her, and held out his own hand for hers again. When Augusta hummed—hummed, not giggled—closed mouth, her green eyes crinkling, Goodnight wondered if people were more intoxicating than alcohol. \"I know you will, though.\" \"Only because it makes you smile.\" With a blush, Augusta rolled her eyes. \"You're too much, Goody.\" But she gave him back her hand. Goodnight is not a stupid man by any means, and he supposes that's what he hates so much about retrospect: exactly how stupid it makes him feel. When he looks back, he wonders how he could have been so blind to the events that unfolded, how he could have ever imagined that things would pan out differently. Where his vision had once been clouded by a dreamy mist, he can see so clearly now how foolish he had been. Had he been able to see clearly then—oh, how things would have been different. \"Have you ever noticed how hard it can be to tell the most important people that you love them?\" Billy doesn't answer the question. \"Right now, I could go downstairs and whisper it into the barmaid's ear sweetly enough to make her swoon, but when I was there underneath the willow with Augusta, and she had those eyes turned up to me, she may as well have been stuffing my mouth with her family's cotton.\" He supposes it had been so hard for him to tell her because he had wanted perfection. He had wanted it to be beautiful because she was beautiful and had read so many beautiful proclamations, and no matter what he came up with, it hadn't felt like it was enough. Had he been able to see clearly then, he wouldn't have hesitated to simply blurt it out, perfection be damned. He knows now that sometimes thoughtfulness is more eloquent than perfection. A blade of grass tucked between his lips, Ames leaned his head back in Mathilde's lap with a deep breath, closing his eyes against her chatter. Mathilde paid him no mind and continued gossiping about the people who were mere feet away. Augusta kept trying to hush her out of the fear that someone would overhear, though she was laughing too much to make any progress with that task, and Goodnight watched on with fond amusement. \"Oh, just look at them,\" Mathilde prattled on, swatting away Augusta's hand. \"I never thought she'd do it, but would you look at them. I guarantee you that he'll marry her. Who would have thought, Micah and Minnie? Oh, the vazey little ratbag.\" With another great sigh, Ames, eyes still closed, reached up and patted her lips. \"Shh, Mattie. I swear you talk more than Goody sometimes.\" \"I would like to point out that I have not said a single word until this moment,\" Goodnight huffed, feigning hurt. \"Silent as the grave, I've been.\" Ames cracked an eye at him. \"Feeling all right?\" \"Right as rain,\" Goodnight conceded, winking at Augusta when she caught his eye. She settled back closer to him, Mathilde now scowling across the lawn at her younger sister. The four were relaxed on Augusta's blanket, under the shade of a tree outside the church. Ames looked resigned to sleep the day away on Mathilde's lap, not caring that they were unmarried and in public, but Mathilde, with too much energy, would never let him do such a thing when there was so much going on. There were people to watch, food to eat, games to play, and Goodnight knew it was only a matter of minutes before she would be dragging him behind her as they found some sort of mischief. Despite Mathilde's palpable energy, Augusta seemed to be more inclined to follow Ames's suit, basking in the warm fall day and the picnic around them, and Goodnight fed off her, soaking in her tranquility as he edged himself closer. As Mathilde resumed her gossiping, Ames heaved himself to his feet, attempting a look of frustration but falling short with adoration in his eyes. \"Come on, you grump. Maybe some food will quiet you down.\" \"They make me happy. Even when they bicker, it's obvious they love each other,\" Augusta said when they were far enough away. She turned her round face up to him, and Goodnight reflexively pushed her curls away from her lovely eyes if only to be able to touch her. Once again, he tried to force the words, but they stuck somewhere inside him. The corners of Augusta's mouth twitched like she knew what he was trying to do, and she scooted over so that their shoulders brushed, looking away from him to the crowd. Goodnight followed her gaze past the church until his eyes landed on a group of children running around each other. \"See the little girl with the blue pinafore? Aubergine curls and the big cheeks? That's my niece, Posie, Salome's daughter. She's two. Isn't she precious?\" \"Well, I'd say that depends on whether she takes after Salome or Dorian,\" Goodnight said, and Augusta hummed in amusement next to him. He watched as the little girl in question tottered after the bigger children, half buried in the knee-high grass, not keeping up very well but not seeming to mind one bit, smiling away no matter how far they got. \"I'm going to assume Dorian.\" He knew Augusta was nodding more than he saw it. She surprised him by saying, \"Tell me about your family, Goody. We always talk about mine.\" Goodnight inhaled deeply as he thought about what to say. \"Well, there's only Valentine and me. She's a bit of a character, wants to be privy to every secret in New Orleans, and she knows she's as magnificent at the piano as she is beautiful. She ferocious as a lion while looking as docile as a housecat. A Valkyrie with the face of Venus. She thinks she's the center of the universe, not that she'd ever let anyone other than us know it.\" \"But you love her anyway,\" Augusta added, to which Goodnight nodded, searching for his family in the crowd. His father had surprisingly roused himself from bed earlier that morning and insisted that he was well enough to attend the annual picnic. When he couldn't find them easily, he turned his attention to Augusta instead. \"And my mama may have given Val her looks, but she did not give her the same personality. Val does as she pleases, but Mama's...regal. She's gracious and graceful, everything a woman is supposed to be. Very proper, so if she found out about our Wednesdays, I'd likely be beheaded. Her daddy died fighting in Texas, and she's extremely proud of that. And my daddy...well, you know my daddy.\" Augusta shook her head, curls dancing and a smile spreading across those enticing lips; reading about kisses did not suffice when presented a beautiful woman. \"I adore your father, Goody. He's one of the nicest men I've ever met. One time—do you want to know a secret, Goody?\" \"Darlin', I want to know all of your secrets.\" \"Well, Oceane used to go through these cycles where she decided I was too fat. One time when I was about eight, we were here at the church picnic, and Mrs. Rubadeau had made her massive cookies—the kind Micah's eating now—but when I tried to take one, Oceane threw a fit, saying she couldn't have a fat sister. Embarrassed the living daylights out of me, she did. But your father saw, and when she'd gone away, he came over to me with four of those cookies in his hand and said he always ate two when no one was looking. He sat there and ate them with me, and when we'd finished, he told me life was too short not to have sweets. Then he said my dress was the perfect shade of green to go with my eyes, and that was that, he was on his way elsewhere.\" It was just the sort of thing his father would do. Goodnight could imagine Maxence seeing a little, round-cheeked Augusta scowling away at her redheaded sister, likely thinking sharp thoughts that she wouldn't say aloud, and looking longingly at Mrs. Rubadeau's cookies; of course he would have taken pity on her. \"That sounds like my daddy, all right. He doesn't believe in frowning and can't stand to see people upset, least of all ladies and children, and you fit both those categories.\" \"And you love him very much.\" Goodnight nodded slowly, impressed with how Augusta could understand what he was saying just by reading his face and hearing his tone. She was quiet for a moment, searching his face for the words he wasn't saying. \"There's something you're not telling me.\" For a moment, he remembered the way Augusta had clutched his hand while she'd lain on the divan at the Castex ball, asking him to provide her some sort of relief and support. He remembered the way her lip had trembled, and he wished he could be granted that same option to let her comfort him as his lip trembled. \"My daddy…he isn't well.\" Like the day at the creek, her face softened, and he hoped to God that she would touch his cheek like the past time, no matter how inappropriate it was and who could be watching. But she kept her hands to herself, though her eyes, warm and—and something he couldn't quite place—danced over his face in a way more comforting than he ever would have imagined. \"Goody,\" she whispered, achingly low and soft, \"I'm so sorry to hear that.\" A grin ghosting over his lips, Goodnight gingerly took her fingertips in his to bring them to his lips, and if he wasn't mistaken, Augusta leaned towards him, tempting him to do something he would most likely regret. Probably. At least, he'd regret it under the circumstances. \"Oh, you'll never guess what just happened! We were—whoo, I'm so sorry! Mattie, you're interrupting,\" Mathilde cried, scolding herself, returning in a flurry with Ames on her heels, though she nearly wheeled around on him when she realized the position Goodnight and Augusta were in. \"You weren't interrupting anything, Mathilde,\" Goodnight insisted, dropping Augusta's hands as she collected herself. Part of him was relieved that Mathilde had stopped him from doing anything foolish, while the other part said, To Hell with it, Goodnight, Old Time is still a-flying. Mathilde exchanged a glance, one Goodnight couldn't decipher, with Ames, who licked the remains of whatever he'd been eating off his fingers, smiling away gleefully, the goddamn cherubim. When he'd cleaned himself sufficiently, he said, as though nothing had happened, \"Let's play a game. Petanque is already claimed, but we haven't had our annual horseshoe match, Goody, and I'll bet my money that I have the better teammate—no offense, Augusta.\" \"Ames, you couldn't win horseshoes if your opponent was blind,\" Goodnight teased, forgetting all the woe about his father and the words he just couldn't say to Augusta. He stood, brushing off his pants, and held his hand out to Augusta. \"Come along, Gus. I have yet to lose a game of horseshoes to Ames, and he seems to have forgotten that.\" With a half-hearted wave, Augusta tried to shake him off. \"Oh, no, you don't want me on your team—\" \"There's no one else I'd rather have.\" When she hesitated, Goodnight pulled a long face. \"Darlin', don't make me ask Josiah Miller. It's not fair for me to have to ask him when I have someone much more beautiful available.\" Rolling her eyes, Augusta took a deep breath and held out her hands for him to help her to her feet, and the pair made their way across the lawn to where Ames was already attempting to prepare the court while he fussed with Mathilde over where she was supposed to stand. \"May I kiss you?\" Over the cheering of the crowd, Goodnight didn't think Augusta had heard him, the way she kept clapping and laughing, her head tipped back and to the side just so, nearly letting the crown of orange blossoms slip off, but eventually her eyes rolled up to his, glittering gleefully. \"Kiss me? Oh, what a scandal! Only if I'm not looking.\" Again she laughed, filled with the merriment of the day, obviously not thinking he was serious, as nothing about the day except for the vows had been. When Ames and Mathilde passed by, Augusta brushed her friend's gloved fingers, and the other girl embraced her excitedly before she kept going down the line of guests. It was then, while Augusta was watching the couple leave, that Goodnight bent down and pressed his lips to her cheek, quick as a flash but long enough that she realized what he was doing. Already buggy eyes nearly popping from her face, Augusta's head whipped around so fast that if he hadn't moved she he did, they would have collided. \"Goodnight!\" she gasped, neck on fire, and her hands flew up to cover it. Goodnight's lips quivered until the deep, mirthy laughed broke through, and when Augusta finally dropped her hands, he tangled his fingers in hers. No one was watching them anyway. Perhaps he'd had too much to drink as well. \"Ames and Mathilde got married at the end of that September.\" Marry in September's shrine, your living will be rich and fine. The wedding had been the biggest affair outside of Mardi Gras, with guests coming from five different parishes for what had turned out to be a perfect fall day. A pair of fair-haired seraphims, the bride and groom had spent the entire morning laughing away and likely wouldn't have cared how the ceremony went so long as there was a party to follow. \"Life was one big laugh for Ames, and I reckon he thought he'd get that with Mattie.\" \"Did he?\" \"Oh, hell yeah,\" Goodnight scoffs, and even Billy smiles. \"Hell yeah. Mattie was just a sillier, louder version of Ames. Marriage wasn't going to make either one of them calm down, and they both knew it. Sure, they did their matrimonial duties, but if there was a chance to play, they didn't think twice about taking it. \"I was the best man, Gus was a bridesmaid. I'd told Ames that I wouldn't monopolize her at socials, but that day, I didn't care. That day, the drinks kept flowing, and the music kept playing, and I couldn't let her go. We danced every single dance together, so ungracefully and wildly, though I'm not sure many people realized, or at least cared, after so many drinks. The breakfast was supposed to end at noon, but there wasn't a single person who left until a good four hours after then. \"When they returned from their honeymoon in October, I visited Ames to welcome him home, as was customary, and he told me Mattie, doing her duty as the new Mrs. Rubadeau, had already invited Augusta over for tea that Friday. That was my chance. I asked Ames to make sure she lingered for a few hours, just to give me enough time. Friday I rode over to Saltmore Hall and met with her parents.\" The wax of the candle dripped dangerously close to its stand. Keeping the candle in his sight, Goodnight wiped his hands on his pants and willed the candle to grow or… unmelt . When it didn't, he licked his lips and took a deep breath. \"Augusta,\" Goodnight said as he stood to leave. From the corner of his eye, he glanced at Mrs. Evercreech, familiar with his plan, and she made herself scarce. He resisted the urge to wipe the sweat from his palms in case it gave away how nervous he was. Unaware he was even doing so, he twisted the brim of his hat in his hands and then cursed himself for doing so. Goddamn, you look like a fool, he internally chided, stopping himself from running out the door. Why was this such a big deal? If he could make grand speeches about how lovely the clouds were, he could surely ask her a simple question. While Goodnight struggled to get a hold of himself, Augusta merely remained in her seat, gazing up at him with such big, guileless eyes. He licked his lips again. \"Miss Augusta, you know that my family always throws a ball on Fat Tuesday, and I—well, I'd hoped—that maybe—maybe, that is, if you'd like—you'd allow me the honor of escorting you.\" Augusta's face lit up; her lips broke into a smile, and she released a little puff of air as a laugh. \"You want to escort me to the ball?\" Goodnight tried to shake his head. \"If you'd like.\" Before he had time to blink, Augusta was out of her seat with a Verret-like squeal and waving hands. \"Oh, Goodnight! To the Fat Tuesday ball? Oh, stars! What an honor!\" They were both beaming, both laughing, when suddenly Goodnight realized with no idea how they'd gotten there that he had Augusta's hands in his, and she was very close, with her beautiful smiling face upturned toward him. They were inches apart. He only had to move just so, just had to tip his forehead to hers, if he wanted to taste those red lips. He could do it so quickly she wouldn't have time to think. He'd wanted to know what she was like for so long now, and here she was— When her mouth moved, Goodnight realized he'd been staring at her lips. He met her gaze, which flicked back and forth between his own lips and eyes. His heart pounded. Was it honorable? She was giving him the chance, but would it be right? His intentions were good, and he'd been courting her for months now. \"May I…\" he began to ask but never completed the sentence, too enthralled with Augusta's curls bouncing up and down so close to him, her lips slightly parted. Without realizing what he was doing, Goodnight found himself closing the distance between them, placing a hand on her cheek, drawing her closer with his other arm, and watching as Augusta's eyes faded closed. And then he felt her beneath him, tasted sugar and the tea they'd been drinking. She was so unfamiliar and soft that he was afraid he'd break her if he did anything more, but he wanted to so badly. But he pulled away to find her eyes still closed and her lips parted from where his had been, and he had the urge to kiss her again, if only to keep that look, blissful and giddy, on her face. Slowly he removed his hand from her face, letting his thumb brush over her soft, blushing cheek. \"I have to go. Before I get you in trouble.\"[Chapter 6] This is a whole lot longer than I wanted it to be, but there wasn't a good place to cut it off. As always, thank you, warqueenfuriosa, for your help. Disclaimer: I do not own The Magnificent Seven . Hattie and Mathilde moved like a train; they could be heard before they were seen. \"Augusta,\" they called, hanging out the window as the Rubadeau carriage rocked down the busy street. \"Augusta, oh Augusta!\" Genuinely worried, Augusta hurried out to the porch when she heard them, and Sam paused with his brush in the air where he was adding a fresh coat of paint to the fence. When the carriage pulled up, the girls hardly waited for the driver to fully stop before they were making their exits unassisted. They lifted their skirts to run to Augusta, who was starting to come off the porch to them. \"My dears, whatever is the matter?\" \"Oh, Aggie, we have news to tell you!\" Hattie panted, while Mathilde waved Augusta away, saying, \"No, no, go back up there. It's a secret, and you're going to need to sit down.\" Augusta stopped in her tracks. The twins were privy to all sorts of secrets, but never any that caused them to run about the town amok; then again, now that Mathilde was married, they didn't need any supervision. \"Sit down?\" Each sister took one of Augusta's arms and dragged her inside to the parlor, ignoring Mammy and little Ruth as they passed by. They placed her on the footstool and sat down across from her on the settee. Augusta felt her heart racing. What news would they have like this, that would cause them to race down across town in such a hurry? What news would she need to sit down to hear? She had to remind herself that the twins couldn't do anything in a calm manner. Her heart raced, but the sisters merely exchanged looks with their lips pursed. She took a shuddering breath. \"Hattie, Mattie, what…what is going on, pray tell?\" \"You'll never guess what we saw,\" Mathilde began with a toss of her blonde head, trying in vain to catch her breath. \"We were just now at Violette's getting lunch. As we were leaving the restaurant, we just happened to look across the street. And you know what is across the street from Violette's,\" Hattie continued. \" Adler's ,\" Mathilde breathed, in case Augusta did not know what was across the street from Violette's. \"Lo and behold, guess who was walking in.\" Augusta's brow furrowed. Adler's? That was a jeweler, what could Hattie and Mathilde possible have to do with Adler's, unless Ames already been sent for a reconciliation gift? She opened her mouth but didn't know exactly what to say and closed it again. Mathilde squealed and pressed her handkerchief to her beaming lips while Hattie waved hers wildly. \"Goodnight Robicheaux!\" Mathilde gasped, taking the handkerchief away from her lips only long enough to get out the words, and Hattie squealed too, nearly bouncing herself off the settee. Augusta's heart stopped beating altogether, and her mouth dropped open. This had nothing to do with the twins. Goodnight . Goodnight was going to marry her. She had imagined he would, after everything they'd done, all the dances and escorts and times he'd come calling; honorable Goodnight Robicheaux trying so hard to keep himself in check while he played with her fingers and listened with rapt attention to every word she said—she had noticed, after all, no matter how indifferent he'd tried to remain, knowing Goodnight was a man of too much passion to ever be described as stoical. She had imagined he would propose, but now that she was faced with the possibility, she didn't know what to make of it. \"And we all know you're the only girl he has any sort of eyes for,\" Hattie laughed. She snatched up Augusta's hands as she bounced in her seat. \"We have to be bridesmaids.\" \"We do, we absolutely have to. Your sisters are already married and so old, and we told you this first. I don't even care if I'm married, we can pretend like I'm not for the day!\" When she'd regained her breath, Augusta stammered. \"I—I don't know what to say. My stars! He's going to propose?\" \"Don't act so surprised, we've all known this was coming,\" Mathilde dismissed with another wave of her hand. \"Of course you'll say yes, you have to. Then we'll be just like sisters. You know how he and Ames are.\" \"We suspect he'll do it at the ball. He is escorting you, isn't he? \"Oh, yes, the ball makes perfect sense. He probably expects to have you so giddy and your head spinning so much that you'll stand no chance of saying no.\" A breathy laugh finally escaped Augusta's lips. The twins had seen Goodnight at the jeweler's, and he just had to marry her—he'd kissed her, after all! \"Whatever shall I do, how do I act now that I know? Oh, I'll never be able to be around him, I'll be so frightened he'll ask! What shall I wear ?\" The sisters were again pulling Augusta before she knew what was happening. \"Let's go now. Call your mammy.\" \"Mammy,\" Augusta yelled over her shoulder as they scurried up the stairs. \"Mammy, Ruth, come quick!\" Never one to let anything happen to her baby Gussa, Mammy was right on the three girls' heels, followed by Ruth. They came into Augusta's bedroom to find the girls already strewing dresses across the floor. \"Miss Gussa, what's going on?\" \"Goodnight, Mammy, it's Goodnight. The twins say they saw him going into the jeweler's. Oh, Mammy, what shall I wear? I mean—it must be for me, mustn't it? Unless...well, Val's birthday is coming up, I believe, and he does love glittering things. He has emerald and garnet cufflinks, remember?\" In that moment, Mammy's chest swelled, and she positively beamed. \"Whoo, Miss Gussa! Don't you worry, child, we'll find you something. Lord, to think my baby Gussa is getting married,\" Mammy said, as she set about to helping Augusta out of her current dress. \"My baby Gussa. We'll make you look prettier than Miss Oceane, Lord knows you deserve to be.\" For the next hour, Mammy worked tirelessly to button and unbutton Augusta's dresses, to pin her hair this way and that, while Hattie and Mathilde emptied the contents of Augusta's wardrobe onto her bed. \"That just won't do.\" \"No, no, this makes you look sickly, and no man wants a sickly wife. Why do you think Olive and Opal haven't gotten anywhere?\" \"Ugh, Augusta, what is this thing? Get rid of it!\" \"That just won't do. It just ain't fitting for you or Mr. Robicheaux.\" \"Oh, Mammy—don't try anymore, I am not fitting into this.\" \"Say, doesn't Salome have a few dresses here still? You and Salome are close in size.\" \"You best make sure she isn't in there! It just won't do for you to be wearing Miss Salome's old rags, Miss Gussa.\" \"Stars above, Salome has terrible taste. How did that old hag ever manage to get married?\" \"Here's one from Oceane's—\" \"Go put that thing back now.\" \"Augusta, if we had known this is all you had, we would have brought our things over, Minnie's too. Oh, why couldn't he wait until we were home?\" Thirty dresses and the entirety of Augusta's wardrobe, as well as a few from Salome's, later, the three girls and Mammy gazed around the room forlornly, as if hoping that they had overlooked the right dress, but their eyes settled over one bad option after the other. Eventually Augusta sighed and picked up one with a blue tartan pattern. \"I suppose this will do. It wasn't half-bad.\" Before she could completely hold it up in front of the mirror, Hattie had snatched it away, a furious scowl on her lips, nose flaring. \"You'll do no such thing. How could you even consider getting engaged in that? You're going to marry a Robicheaux ! You have standards to meet.\" Augusta shrugged violently with a huff. \"It was the only one halfway decent.\" She turned towards her vanity mirror and looked in it, tucking away a curl that had escaped. She wasn't Salome and certainly not Oceane, or even Anastasie, and she'd never once thought poorly of her wardrobe, but now... \"Miss Gussa,\" Mammy said with an air of finality, and she moved behind Augusta to fix her mess of hair, smoothing each curl with practiced ease. \"We're in New Orleans. We'll just go down the dress shop and see what they have, and if we can't find anything, we'll go on over to look at fabric. Won't take that long to make. And you've always been prettier than Miss Oceane.\" When she'd finished, Augusta gave her a teary smile, and Mammy wiped at her eyes. \"Don't you cry, baby. You were always the good one, you can't start crying now. This is something to be happy about.\" With that, Augusta threw herself at Mammy and wrapped her arms around the older woman's neck, thankful she'd been given such a wonderful nursemaid. Mammy's own hands hovered uncertainly over Augusta's back, obviously unsure if she should return the gesture or keep from touching her young white charge. Finally she patted Augusta on the back and pried her off. The girls followed Mammy out the door and down the stairs to the front door where the Rubadeau carriage was still waiting. \"Oh, Augusta! Try this one!\" Hattie cried from deep within the store. She rushed from a back room, where Augusta suspected she should not have been, with a mass of black fabric in her hands. \"Hurry, try this one. I suspect you'll fit into it.\" Hattie pushed her behind a curtain and stripped her of her dress before Mammy could get a word in edgewise, and Augusta emerged wearing a ball gown of black satin with a white ruffled strip around the middle of the skirt, and a white ruffle for sleeves that were off her shoulders. Hattie brought her to stand in front on the full-length mirror by the window, and when Mammy saw, she immediately set about to trying to cover Augusta's bosom. Hattie shooed her out of the way, gushing, \"Oh, Augusta. You look so lovely! Just look at how it goes with your hair.\" And for once, Augusta agreed that she made a striking picture in the mirror. She fiddled with her hair, moving it this way and that, turning her head different ways, not fully sure what to think of how the dress made her look; not even her favored green one made her feel so lovely. She liked how bright her eyes looked and how sharply they contrasted with her hair. She could put just the smallest amount of color on her lips when Mammy wasn't looking, nothing too bright, and let Mammy pin up the sides of her hair in that way that only she could do, and this dress would be just perfect of Fat Tuesday. This must have been what it was like to be Oceane in every dress. Augusta opened her mouth to speak when the bell over the shop door rang. \"Damn it, Mathilde, I've been all over town looking for you today,\" called Ames. Augusta turned towards the voice, but immediately whipped back around, face and neck bright red. Behind Ames stood Goodnight, whose gaze she had just managed to avoid; why couldn't either man ever go anywhere without a shadow? She stared at her feet, praying to anything that would hear that he would go away—he may as well have caught her in her shimmy. \"I'm sorry, but I've had urgent business to attend. We can discuss this later.\" Mathilde was already trying to shove Ames out of the shop, and when he proved a worthy opponent, Hattie joined in the cause. \"But now, you two need to leave.\" In the mirror, Augusta watched Ames throw his hands in the air and stalk out, muttering under his breath about his silly wife; but Goodnight lingered in the doorway, resisting Mathilde's pushes, as if hoping she would finally catch his eye. When she did, the little blush that had left returned tenfold. Goodnight tipped his head to her. \"Good day, Gus.\" Good day . Good day, indeed . Here she was fussing over herself, head in the clouds at her appearance, and he had nothing more to say to her than that, not even with all his flowery language and poetry. As soon as he'd gone, Augusta rushed to the curtain. \"Help me get this off.\" \"But Augusta—\" \"I said help me get it off.\" Her face burned for an entirely different reason. How dare Ames bring him here, letting him catch her admiring herself; and she was angry that Goodnight had merely nodded and hadn't paid any mind to how she had looked. For a moment she'd thought she fit in with her sisters, even Valentine, but Goodnight hadn't noticed. Mammy began to unlace the dress without another word, and Augusta took the one that Mathilde now offered. Augusta's mammy, with eyes only for her little miss, had always been more suspicious of Goodnight than charmed by him, though she'd never been unfriendly. But when she answered the door a week before Fat Tuesday, he would have thought from her reaction that he'd been standing in the doorway without a stitch on him, not dressed in his best everyday suit and a new vest—boysenberry, Augusta's favorite shade—and ladened with a massive box, complete with a bow tied by Valentine in a surprising sweet streak. When she'd composed herself, she asked tentatively, \"You here to see Miss Gussa, Mr. Goodnight?\" \"If it suits her fancy.\" Preferably, it suited her fancy perfectly; if it didn't, he didn't think he'd be able to grow enough of another backbone to ever work up the nerve. \"Well, everyone's home, but Miss Salome is sleeping.\" Imagine that, Goodnight thought, and he couldn't help wondering if Salome ever slept in her own home, even though he knew good and well she only slept over when she'd chaperoned Augusta the night before. \"When will she wake?\" Mammy just shook her head with a huff, and the way she gripped the door made him think she wasn't going to let him in. \"You oughta know by now Miss Salome's going to do whatever she feels like doing, and Mr. Goodnight, you wake Miss Salome, and ain't nobody going to like that.\" Goodnight gave Mammy his lopsided smile, though she was completely right: waking Salome would most likely ruin his plan entirely. \"I need to see her, Mammy. Mrs. Evercreech knew I was coming.\" Her dark eyes, perfectly intelligent and observant, flickered over his attire, his gift, and Goodnight watched Mammy as an expression of understanding passed over her face. Though she kept her suspicious eye trained on him, she held the door open wider. \"You wait there in the parlor, Mr. Goodnight.\" Even though he had discussed it with Mr. and Mrs. Evercreech, Goodnight was partially surprised that Mammy had permitted him to see \"her baby Gussa.\" He nodded and strode into the parlor, glad he had something to do with his hands. Taking a deep breath, he placed the box on one of the side tables and listened to the muffled voices of Mammy and Augusta above him, breathing out slowly through his mouth. Eventually the soft patter of her footsteps came down the stairs. \"I wasn't expecting you today,\" Augusta said, almost breathless, cheeks flushed and eyes happily wide. He didn't remember her being quite so becoming. \"I just…I needed to…well,\" he stammered at first, losing any hold he'd had of himself the moment she'd glided through the door. \"How are you?\" The words spilled out of his mouth before he could catch them, and he knew he should just walk out. Goddamn, Goodnight, why not just talk about the weather, he scolded himself. For someone so good with words, he found it funny that he could never get them out when he needed them the most. \"I am very well, thank you. And yourself?\" He knew that she knew he wasn't there to ask how her day had been, but she would humor him nonetheless as she perched on the edge of the couch, hands folded neatly in her lap, regarding him with that happy little expression. Her long hair loose and tempting about her shoulders, she wore a dress he'd never seen before, likely new, an icy shade of blue that contrasted sharply with her dark curls; he lost himself in thought for a moment about how badly he wanted to let his fingers tangle in them, those beautiful temptations. And then Goodnight's mind strayed to a day that seemed in another lifetime entirely, when he'd sat across from her at the Magees' barbecue and thought approachable was what described her face the best. He disagreed now; now, her face could only be described as: Run, you fool, before you ruin this. She was too pretty for him to do this. She was too pretty, and his mouth was too dry, and his heart was beating too loudly. There was what Goodnight would consider an uncomfortable pause while he tried to find even an ounce of courage inside him. He wanted her to close her eyes; he couldn't look into them and keep his nerves still at the same time. If he didn't piss himself, he'd consider the day a success. \"Next…next week is Fat Tuesday.\" \"Oh, yes, I'm awfully excited.\" There, in her voice, he heard it: that slight edge that said she was nervous too. She had the voice of a storyteller, controllable to a fault, and if she had lost check over it, then maybe they were closer to the same page than he thought. And for some reason, that made him feel just a little bit better. \"Well, after the other day, I thought perhaps you'd like something new to wear.\" He gestured with his hat to the box and moved to hand it to her, the box Augusta had been trying to eye without being too conspicuous, and she perked up. Goodnight couldn't help but grin when she started to pull the ribbon off with childlike excitement. \"Oh,\" she breathed, jaw dropping and eyes becoming the size of saucers as the box fell onto her lap. She held the fabric to her chest. \"Oh, Goody, you didn't.\" \"It looked stunning on you,\" he said, taking a seat beside her, and she blushed, cutting her eyes sideways and making the whole ordeal worth it. Suddenly she smirked up at him and let her hands rest in her lap. \"I was so angry with you the other day. I put this on and felt so pretty, and then you walked in and didn't say a thing except for, 'Good day, Gus,' and I was so embarrassed.\" At her imitation of him, with her lowered voice and stern face, he allowed himself the luxury of a small snort, a few of his nerves leaving with it. \"Never try your hand at acting, darlin'. A storyteller you are, but an actress you are not. Now tell me, why were you embarrassed?\" He couldn't stop himself from brushing back the one curl that always refused to stay put, letting his fingers linger on her cheek, and his stomach jumped at the way she leaned into his touch. So quietly that he almost didn't hear, she whispered, \"I stood in the mirror and thought, 'This must be what it's like to be Oceane.' And then you came in and found me admiring myself so, and I felt so stupid. Oh, Goody, I just don't know what to say.\" She traced a finger over the soft fabric. \"This is too much,\" she whispered after a moment, and he was struck with an irrational panic that she wouldn't accept his gift. And if she didn't accept it, what was he to do then? \"Hogwash,\" he blurted, causing Augusta to look at him curiously, eyes bright in the shadows of the dimly-lit room. \"Gus, this is nothing more than me trying to purchase your forgiveness and nothing less than an expression of my complete adoration.\" \"Forgiveness? You didn't even know I was angry, why do you need my forgiveness?\" There she went stuffing his mouth with cotton again. Why did he need her forgiveness? Because he'd been a coward all of these months, and he was not who she thought he was. He swallowed hard and willed Venus to come to his aid. \"Because, Gus,\" he began, voice low, \"these last few months, I have wasted my breath with every word that I have spoken to you. We have sat and talked for hours, and you have held me completely enthralled, but I have not even managed to allude to what needed to be said. So here I am to ask for your forgiveness that I have not told you exactly how much I love you.\" All at once, the color drained from her face, the air from the room, and Augusta's head jerked up sharply from where she'd been admiring the dress again, eyes wide and… horrified? If he'd told her he had smothered her family, he would have expected a better reaction. \"Oh my,\" she breathed. That had not been the reaction he'd wanted at all. But he'd made it through half of his mission, and he couldn't stop now. He was Goodnight Robicheaux, after all. \"Augusta, I—\" \"Yes,\" she blurted, voice wavering like she was on the edge of tears, one hand clutching the neck of her dress. \"What?\" \"You're proposing, aren't you?\" She pressed her hands to her cheeks and left the fabric at her neck wrinkled. \"Oh, please tell me you are, or I've made a fool of myself.\" \"I—you weren't—how did—I wasn't— what ,\" he all but whined with a stamp of his foot he'd never claim. This was not how it was supposed to go. He'd worked on his speech since Christmas, he'd perfected every little syllable in it, and she'd cut him off before he'd managed to get even a full sentence out. \"The twins, they saw you at Adler's, that's why we were in the dress shop. We just assumed that you…oh no.\" The twins had seen him at the jeweler's. As fond as he'd grown of Mathilde, he couldn't help the feeling of something akin to rage that flared up in him; it was nothing short of a betrayal what she'd done. She was as good as his sister since she'd married Ames, she should have known that he wanted the exhilaration of an elaborate surprise. But when he remembered who Mathilde was, he knew he shouldn't have expected anything less. After a moment, Goodnight muttered, \"Goddamn those Verret girls. I had a speech planned and everything. So that was your answer then?\" \"My answer,\" Augusta repeated like it was a foreign concept that he'd expect her to answer his proposal. \"My answer...oh! Why yes—\" Before she could get out the rest of what she'd been about to say or change her mind, Goodnight swooped her up in a flurry of skirts and handkerchiefs. For the second time, he pressed his lips to hers but was unable to keep them there from her laughter and his smile. Instead, he pressed his face into her shoulder and relished the feeling of her arms tightly around his neck, her hair tickling his cheek, the way she fit into his arm—and not when he was helping her into her carriage after she'd nearly killed herself and given him a heart attack in the process. \"Yes, of course,\" she said again when he pulled away. \"Well of course,\" Goodnight chuckled, adding a \"how silly of me\" in his tone, and Augusta blushed madly, from her neck up to her nose. Goodnight and Augusta Robicheaux. It had a nice ring to it. Ring. \"Oh!\" Goodnight cried, letting her go only to dig in his pocket. \"You—here it is—you were so bewitching I forgot all about it.\" All at once, his nerves returned, and, thumbing the smooth cover of the tiny little box, he fretted over her reaction. He took his time opening it to reveal a small gold ring, elaborately molded and his pet name for her inscribed on the inside, a prodigious diamond glittering in the center and surrounded by smaller ones. \"I don't know how it'll fit, the band could be loose, or the stone could be too big on your finger. I just wanted something fine for you. If you don't...well, if you don't like it, that's fine, we can—\" \"Goodnight Robicheaux,\" she scolded good-naturedly, \"you put that ring on my finger.\" \"The most amazing thing happened after I proposed, Billy.\" \"What's that, Goody?\" \"We had a few moments together before we'd awoken Salome and she came downstairs looking for murder, but when she saw Augusta's hand, she looked me in the eye. And then—then, her lips pulled back just ever so slightly.\" Staring dazedly at the wall, Goodnight grins at the memory and shakes his head, bottle poised halfway to his lips. \"That day, Salome Saucier smiled at me.\" Even Billy laughs, passing his worn-down cigarette towards Goodnight, who takes a long drag. \"That woman was the meanest snake in the world, but there she was smiling away—well, as much as she was ever going to smile. No matter how mean she was, Salome was still a woman, and a woman who didn't care that we'd just gotten engaged at that. She snatched Mammy and cornered Augusta, and I got booted out of the parlor faster than I could blink so that they could gossip. I stood out in the hall without a clue what to do and not a care in the world, besides the fact that I had not gotten to give the speech I'd been preparing for about three months.\" He remembers looking at the door and hearing the hushed, gushing voices on the other side. At some point, Sam came through the back door, arms loaded with firewood, and found him standing there and asked what he was doing. Though he'd been in an excited stupor, he can recall grinning stupidly as he'd said, \"Augusta is going to marry me.\" And then he remembers a wide smile lighting up Sam's face, teeth contrasting sharply against his skin, how his own grin had grown involuntarily at Sam's reaction. \"Mr. Goodnight, I have the thing for you. Come with me,\" Sam had said, disappearing off the hall through a little door, which led down a set of stairs into the kitchen. His load of firewood piled next to the stove, he'd removed a glass from the cabinet and poured Goodnight a large amount of whiskey, and Goodnight insisted he get another glass for himself. When he thinks about it, it seems as though Sam had been next to him through every major event in his life, starting with the glass of whiskey they'd shared in the Evercreech kitchen. He hadn't even known Sam at that point, but that hadn't stopped the other man from being kind and celebrating. Sam was there at the beginning, there to help run Foxsong, and he was there at the very end too. Goodnight kept having to remind himself to shorten his stride for Augusta to be able to trot along beside him, though he had a constant reminder when his shoulder turned not from his accord. Frequently, he had to pause as she bounced excitedly next to him, waving her handkerchief at the paraders in the street. \"They're absolutely magnificent, but I'm so afraid they'll catch one of the cars on fire,\" she gushed breathlessly, looking up with her wide eyes to Goodnight for his opinion, which he gave with an enthusiastic nod, and they resumed their amble down the street. \"Did your family come tonight? I should like to see them if they did. I know Ana and Sal had planned on being here, but Oceane was too sick.\" \"My mama and Val were still contemplating it when I left home,\" Goodnight answered carefully. No matter how hard he tried to hide it, Augusta still managed to hear the hesitancy in his voice, and she read the pain in his face. \"Your father? Is he still not well?\" Not well didn't begin to cover it. His father had been not well for months now. He was not well when the cough set in, not well when he lost his appetite, not well when he started coming in earlier and earlier from the fields in the evenings. Maxence Robicheaux had passed the point of being not well when he took to being in bed more often than he was out of it, and now he complained daily of the pain in his chest, and there was always a pile of bloody handkerchiefs to be washed. Goodnight startled when he felt her fingers tangling with his, and he almost chided her about being so open before he remembered that it was Mardi Gras, and even the biggest busybodies were not paying them any attention. He gripped her hand more tightly. \"I'm worried, Gus. I only hope...I only hope September comes quickly.\" She didn't say anything for a good moment. \"We can change the date, if you'd like. I won't mind, not if you'll feel better.\" So softly that he almost didn't hear over the roar of the festivities, Goodnight turned to her suddenly, only to find her peering up at him, green eyes solemn in a way he hadn't seen since she'd attempted to soothe his conscience about the Castex ball. \"I couldn't do that to you.\" \"Goody, I would never forgive myself if you didn't enjoy that day. 'Marry in April when you can, Joy for maiden and for man.'\" She shrugged. \"Besides, that was Ames and Mathilde's month.\" \"Gus…\" \"If we do stick with September, we'll have to pick the same day they did. Just to be spiteful.\" \"Augusta Evercreech, I never thought you'd be one for spite.\" In the darkness, with the passing flambeaux throwing shadows on her face, Goodnight was still able to make out the sincerity mingling with mischievousness in those lovely green eyes and the faintest of smiles upon her lips; she was completely serious about changing the date, and part of him thought she was serious about spiting their friends. Stopping along the sidewalk, he dropped her hand and pulled her by the waist to his side, letting her linger there for the duration of the parade. The following evening, three carriages lined the street outside the Evercreech house when the Robicheaux family arrived. First was the sleek black Saucier carriage with the elaborately scripted family name at the bottom of the door in gold, followed by the plain but long one belonging to the Abellards, and finally, the one Goodnight had hoped he would not see. Surprised that she'd even been invited, and that she'd recovered enough from whatever deathly illness she'd been inflicted by the day before, he steeled himself, knowing the dinner had taken an unexpected turn before it had even started. \"Oh. She's here,\" Valentine said disappointedly, faced pressed to the glass as always. Her expression filled with what could only be disgust, she glanced over her shoulder at her brother. \"I was hoping this would be a fun evening with my new sister.\" \"Weren't we all,\" he muttered, straightening his cravat—new to match his proposal vest—one last time with a deep inhale. \"Be polite,\" Mrs. Robicheaux chided, giving Valentine a pointed look, to which she returned with a smirk, though it was replaced by a warm, beautiful beam the moment the front door opened, and Valentine effortlessly metamorphosed into the belle that everyone thought she was. Had she not been so outwardly charming, Goodnight thought she and Salome could have been close friends. Inside, the entirety of the Evercreech family greeted them raucously, first the eldest, Anastasie, and her husband Amos; followed by Salome and Dorian, her husband; Oceane and Julien; and at the end of the line, Augusta stood with her parents, radiating excitement, and with one glimpse her way, Goodnight had the urge to swing her around in his arms. Valentine batted her eyes at each of them as she moved down the receiving line, effectively drawing attention away from the people they were supposed to be celebrating without an ounce of remorse. \"How're you doing, Sam? Mammy?\" Goodnight greeted, offering to shake hands when he made it through the door and into the bustling foyer, passing his coat to Sam, who laughed with his wide, bright smile. Most people probably wouldn't give even the house slaves a passing glance, but Sam had proved to be genuine company over their drinks the previous day, and Augusta loved him so that Goodnight felt it would have been rude to excluded him. \"I told you this one was smooth, Miss Augusta,\" Sam joked to his mistress, who had scuttled over amid everyone cooing over Valentine. While his sister had everyone distracted, Goodnight took the moment to press a quick kiss to Augusta's temple. \"Don't I know it,\" she quipped with a teasing grin. \"Oh, Goody, I'm so sorry about Oceane. We assume Mama told her, but Ana's sworn up and down she didn't, and I know Sal wouldn't. But it's no matter, you're are in for a real treat. Mammy made my favorite, alligator étouffée, and—\" \"Where is your husband, Mrs. Robicheaux?\" Mr. Evercreech asked above the noise. Perhaps he was hoping for another man to balance out the ladies, but he was only serving to get Mrs. Robicheaux worked up. Together, Goodnight and Augusta turned while Mrs. Robicheaux tried to find an answer she could give without choking up, and Augusta was moving to her side before Goodnight could think to do so. \"I'm so sorry to hear he was under the weather, Mrs. Robicheaux. But we know nothing can keep him down, and I'm sure he'll be right as rain before the ball, don't you, Goody?\" Goodnight knew that, unless acted upon by a miracle, his father would not be right as rain like Augusta suggested, but he understood what Augusta was doing. \"Oh, yes, I'd say so. He sends his deepest condolences, Mr. and Mrs. Evercreech, that he was unable to be here tonight.\" \"I hope he feels better,\" Mrs. Evercreech conceded, but as hostess, she was more preoccupied by dinner. \"Shall we move into the dining room, then?\" Mrs. Robicheaux and her two children shot Augusta grateful looks, and as they passed to the dining room, Goodnight pressed another kiss to her temple in thanks, his hand on her back as he guided her down the hall. That was the best part about being engaged, he thought, being able to touch her like this. From listening to Augusta's stories, Goodnight had sometimes pondered what an Evercreech dinner would have been like with all the sisters together, but he drew the line at curiosity, and as for a desire to partake in one, he had none. No sooner had they sat down at the table, though, was he given the opportunity to witness one first hand, starting when Oceane took center-stage. With her hair of fire and sweet face, New Orleans men regarded Oceane as the most beautiful of the sisters, looking as though she had just stepped from the Sistine's ceiling, slender and lithe, carrying herself with great ennui until she snapped, and she snapped often. A single glance at her gave the assumption that she was anything but energetic . \"Dear me,\" she began, \"this is a sight I never thought I'd witness. An engagement dinner for my baby sister and a Robicheaux.\" She laughed spritely, bopping her head side to side, her little nose scrunching so faintly that one had to study her hard to tell if she was doing it; but that's what Oceane loved the most, being the center of everyone's and anyone's attention. One red eyebrow raising in a way much like Salome's, striking against the paleness of her face, she giggled, \"Then again, I hadn't imagined an engagement dinner for my baby sister at all.\" Next to her, and that was poor judgement on Mrs. Evercreech's part, Salome sighed heavily, fingers clenching around the wine glass halfway to her lips. \"Oceane, if you were going to be a bitch, we wouldn't have invited you…and believe me, we tried not to.\" \"Salome,\" Mrs. Evercreech scolded sharply, fork clattering onto her plate, \"there's no need to use such language.\" \"There was no need to tell her about dinner either, Mama.\" \"Honestly, Mama,\" Oceane huffed, ready to launch into another speech until her father cut her off with a sharp bark of her name. She pursed her lips, squaring her shoulders, but didn't continue with whatever had been on her mind. With Oceane quiet, the table conversation lulled, no one sure what to say after the spat. Goodnight caught his sister's eye, who grimaced comically before she made herself giggle, though she did, for once, choose to show that tiny little bit of her that could be kind by saying cheerily, \"Well, about that wedding!\" \"About that wedding,\" Goodnight agreed, pouncing on the moment to bring up the issue he and Augusta had discussed the day before; he desperately hoped it wouldn't be too much of a hassle. \"Well, we'd like to…to move up the date.\" The table promptly erupted. \"Are you out of your mind?\" \"Move it up? Why ever would you want to do that? September is a perfect time.\" \"When did you want to move it?\" Goodnight shared a glance with Augusta, more amused than anything at their families' reactions, and somehow, she must have known that his heart was too heavy to speak. She smiled graciously, in attempt to remedy the situation, as she said, \"April twenty-ninth.\" At first, no said anything, and every fork stilled as they processed what Augusta had said. There was less than a month before then. How were they supposed to put together a proper societal wedding, and moreover, how were they supposed to put together a proper societal wedding for a Robicheaux, in twenty days, give or take? And why , exactly, were they supposed to do this? Salome was the first to react. With something that could have been surprise on her face, her eyes traveled down from Augusta's to somewhere just beneath the table. \"Heavens,\" she gasped monotonically. \"Oh,\" Oceane gasped, catching on to what Salome was thinking, and her blue eyes widened with horror. \"Oh, Augusta! Augusta, no!\" \"Goodnight,\" his mother breathed, clutching her heart, \"I thought I'd raised you better.\" What were they talking about? He never knew that breeding reflected into the length of time between engagement. When Augusta had mentioned moving the wedding after he'd told her about his father, he'd thought nothing other than about how much he loved her. He glanced again to Augusta to see her shocked still in her chair, spoon dangling in her hand over the side of her bowl, jaw dropped and face redder than he'd ever seen on anyone, and then he whipped his head back and forth over the table, where he found Oceane winding herself up. It was a physical moment, Oceane drawing in the breath she would need, her shoulders rising as her chest filled with air, and Goodnight closed his eyes before he could stop himself. Oceane had moved, to the relief of the entire parish, to Baton Rouge, and only during Mardi Gras did they ever come into contact; he was about to remember exactly why everyone had been thrilled when she left. \"Oh, Mama,\" the third sister wailed at an impressive level, promptly bursting into tears, \"Mama, she's ruined us, absolutely ruined us! We'll never be able to face anyone ever again! Even if we moved away, the people there would find out! Mama, what are we going to do? Oh, Augusta, you're going to have to go away, but even then, everyone will know. You've ruined all of us here! Poor Valentine will never get married once word gets out about you two!\" Then it clicked with Goodnight what Oceane was saying and what Salome had implied, why Valentine seemed ready to launch herself across the table at him and wring his neck. Even Augusta's mammy and Sam were thrown for a loop, standing in the corner of the dining room slack-jawed and ashen. Beside him, Augusta could only shake her head, looking as though she wanted to cry along with Oceane for once in her life, and as much as it pained him to speak about his father's condition, he would be damned if he let Oceane be such a bully. Not caring about displaying his affection at the dinner table, Goodnight covered her hand with his. \"Listen, you've gotten the wrong idea. This has nothing to do with what you're thinking. When Gus—Augusta found out the extent of my father's health, she offered to move up the wedding so that he could be there.\" Beneath his hand, Augusta wiggled her fingers until they were interlocked with his and squeezed. \"My father…he is very ill, and to be perfectly honest, we don't expect him to be long for this world. But Augusta realizes how much it would mean for all my family to be there. Now—and Mr. Evercreech, pardon me if this isn't my place—but I don't take kindly to such accusations to myself or Augusta.\" For a long while, no one spoke, be it out of shock or shame, until finally Valentine, uncharacteristically soft, asked, \"You would do that, Augusta?\" \"It's about all of us,\" Augusta whispered, gaze still downcast, and Goodnight squeezed her hand once again, wishing he could do so much more than that. He wanted desperately to gather her in his arms, to pet her hair and sing until the vivacity he so loved returned to those eyes. But he was stuck at the Evercreeches' dinner table, watching his mother and sister dab at their eyes and his darling Augusta fret over her God-awful sisters. For the rest of dinner, Goodnight kept their fingers entwined, and Augusta didn't pick up her spoon again, and when there was no other talk about the date change, Goodnight assumed it was settled \"Oceane's world balanced on a very fine needlepoint of an axis, and when it tipped over just a hair, she was determined it was going to end. Anastasie always wanted things her way, but Oceane…\" \"Was crazy,\" Billy finishes, and Goodnight practically roars with laughter. \"No, Billy, she was a pain in the ass.\" He takes a long swig of the whiskey, grinning around the lip of the bottle. \"They used to chalk it up to her being frail of nerves, or dramatic, or just particular, but honestly, she was just a pain in the ass. Lord Almighty, I swear she was the single loudest person I have ever met in my life. And Augusta, she wasn't loud at all, chatty, but never loud. She had a voice like—like...listening to her was like laying next to a brook while it babbled in its serene way, so soft and smooth, so that you wanted to close your eyes and listen forever. Whereas listening to Oceane was like having a screech owl right outside your window while you were trying to sleep. It's no wonder after all those years of being in the same house that Augusta hated her. Or at least, as much as you can hate your siblings. \"I'll tell you what though,\" Goodnight says, wagging a finger. \"As bothersome as the Evercreech sisters were, it sure was great when Salome and Oceane got together. Sal absolutely despised Oceane, and if Sal didn't like you, she did not hide it one bit. They would get into the best spats, left the rest of us chuckling for hours.\" And then Goodnight quiets, and he's thankful that Billy lets him reminisce. \"I always found it ironic that the most unbearable one made it out.\" As usual, Mammy knocked on Augusta's door to help her undress that evening after the guests left. Augusta didn't even bother to answer Mammy's knock, but remained sitting at her vanity, though she was surprised to find Mammy balancing a tray in one hand when she let herself in. \"Mr. Goodnight told me to make sure you got some food in you before you went to sleep,\" Mammy said, placing the tray on the vanity in front of her. \"Goodnight,\" Augusta mumbled, almost dazedly, raising her chin from her palm. \"We had dinner, Mammy.\" \"Well him and me both noticed you didn't eat, and I made that étouffée specially for you.\" Without waiting for Augusta to stand, Mammy set about unbuttoning Augusta's bodice. Augusta stared at the steaming bowl in front of her and briefly recalled Goodnight whispering something into Mammy's ear as the woman had cleared away their meal. Despite the terrible evening, Augusta managed a grin at her étouffée . \"He's sweet, Mammy.\" Mammy hummed noncommittally, though Augusta could see that her dark eyes were sparkling; somewhere along the way, Goodnight had earned Mammy's approval, and that thought weaseled its way into Augusta's mind and took the place of what had happened at dinner. Mammy showed no signs of elaborating, just slipped off Augusta's bodice and went to unlacing her corset. \"He's so sweet. He's always doing things like this,\" Augusta continued, twirling her spoon around the bowl with a single finger, and then she breathed a sigh of relief when her corset was peeled away. Since the night of the Castex ball, when she had come home bandaged up, Mammy had been much more forgiving when lacing her corset, but she still made sure Augusta looked her best at important events. \"That man is in over his head,\" Mammy muttered, and Augusta frowned through the mirror at her, not understanding what Mammy meant. \"He went through that ordeal tonight, and all he can do is ask me to bring you something to eat. Bless his heart, he is in over his head. He's still bent on marrying you after getting a taste of Miss Oceane as a sister.\" \"Don't say a word about her, Mammy,\" Augusta snapped, unexpectedly harsh as her eyes smarted. \"I can't believe what she did tonight. And in front of everyone, no less.\" And then her lip was quivering, and she was trying desperately not to cry because she was the good sister and never cried. But damn Oceane. Goodnight would never do anything dishonorable, not even when they were unsupervised by the willow, which she realized they should not have done; and moreover, there was no way she could be expecting when they weren't even married, that only happened inside a marriage. \"Oh, baby,\" Mammy soothed, shaking out Augusta's hair from where it had been pinned up. \"There's no need to cry about it. Everything is all straightened out now.\" It did not feel like it was straightened out, but Augusta knew it was. It had straightened out when Goodnight had pulled her aside before they all went into the parlor after dinner, when he'd put an arm around her waist and his other hand on her cheek, asking how she was doing, his head bent close to hers, his sharp eyes soft when he searched her face. She may have still been angry, but Goodnight had taken away the majority of it when he'd brought his lips away from her forehead. \"But Mammy, it was so embarrassing. Sometimes I just hate Oceane, she's always doing things like this. And Sal—Sal was no better, putting the idea in her head because you know Oceane could never have thought of it on her own. I don't even know how I stayed in there after that, or how I could even look at him.\" Mammy wiped a thumb under Augusta's eyes, which had yet to spill their tears. \"Child, you faced him because that man would do anything in the world for you, and he was just as angry with Miss Oceane as you are. Now one day, when you've got a baby in your arms, you'll look back at this and laugh.\" \"Well I am not laughing now.\" This made Mammy laugh though, and the older woman patted Augusta's knee as she moved away. \"You eat up and get some rest. I need to get started on your trousseau tomorrow, and we have our work cut out for us. Can't have Miss Oceane looking better than you.\" As Augusta was clipping on a pair of diamond ear bobs, an engagement gift from his parents, Goodnight let out a low whistle behind her. \"Augusta Evercreech, as I live and breathe. You are simply gorgeous.\" With something between a frown and a grin, Augusta whipped around on her stool at the vanity in one of the Robicheaux guest rooms. \"You weren't supposed to see yet!\" \"That's not what you say. This is where you say, 'Goody, you have the most exquisite taste I have ever known.'\" By now she really was grinning in a way that said she had a trick up her sleeve. \"But I believe it was Hattie who picked this out.\" Goodnight's face blanked. The twins had been a tabooed subject for the past week, and the only time Augusta had tiptoed around them had been when she'd asked his permission to tell Mathilde what had happened. \"We are not to speak of her, or any of the Verrets for that matter.\" \"Don't be sore—\" \"It was the most beautiful, moving soliloquy you would have ever heard. I was robbed, Augusta, duly robbed,\" he insisted, thumping his chest as it filled with mild resentment. He'd never been one to hold grudges, but even after a week, he was still considering uninviting the Verrets—but he did have a best man pact with Ames. She finished putting in her ear bobs and crossed the room to where he stood in the doorway, wanting to cross the threshold but knowing that he still didn't have that right. \"And what was this beautiful, moving soliloquy about?\" \"Mostly about how you are the air I breathe—\" \"So nothing I didn't already know?\" When Augusta tried to get away, Goodnight caught her by the hand and pulled her back to him. This was what he wanted, to be able to banter with her during everyday tasks, to draw her to him when he wanted. He wanted to keep the same look in her eyes there forever. Tracing his thumb over her cheek, he bent his head until he felt her lips, whispering into her mouth, \"It was about how I will listen to you tell every story you can imagine so long as mine ends with you.\" After too short a time, she pushed him away. \"Engaged or not, we still shouldn't do this up here. What happens if someone saw us?\" \"Doesn't matter much at this point,\" Goodnight shrugged, watching her retreat to the vanity, admiring the way she moved, her quick, light steps scuttling over the floor quietly. \"Let's get married tonight. We already have all the guests, the food, and you have a new dress.\" \"No,\" she answered simply, \"weddings take place in the morning.\" \"Well, how about we have the reception now, and by the time it's over, it'll be morning. Our bags can be packed by then, so we'll have the wedding and leave right after.\" \"It's bad luck to see the bride before the wedding.\" \"You've got me there.\" Goodnight had known she'd never grant him that wish, but he'd tried anyway. And truth be told, he was excited to see what the wedding had in store. \"Are you ready to go down? My mother wants you to help her receive guests. If I'm speaking plainly, I think she just wants to say you're her future daughter.\" A bottle of perfume poised at her neck, Augusta scowled at him through the mirror. \"This is not what was supposed to happen. I was supposed to make an entrance, Goody. I wanted to see your face when I came down the stairs in your dress.\" \"Well I was supposed to have an elaborate proposal, and that didn't happen either.\" When Augusta rolled her eyes, Goodnight gave her his infamous lopsided smile. \"Tell you what. How about I go downstairs and pretend like I haven't seen you, and when you come down, I'll make a face like you've never seen.\" \"I'd rather not take my chances on that.\" Pinching her cheeks for color with an air of finality, she rose from her seat and placed her hand on the arm he offered her. With none of the grace with which they'd been raised, the twins barreled into Goodnight and Augusta, weaseling their way between them, and a moment later Ames trotted up, his cravat askew, one hand clamped around a whiskey glass like it was his lifeline. \"Goody, Goody, Goody,\" Mathilde prattled so quickly that it all ran together, tugging on his sleeve. Even in her muted, matronly dress, she was still as bubbly and excitable as ever. \"We just saw something terrific,\" Hattie added, trying to catch her breath as she brushed golden hair from her face, which had fallen in her dash. \"You two are the biggest gossips I have ever known,\" he chided them without vigor, and Augusta shook her head in agreement. They may have been the biggest gossips, but they were entertaining nonetheless. \"Hush up, you have to hear this. It's about your sister,\" Mathilde insisted, and her blue eyes flashed predatorily, a cat knowing she had her mouse where she wanted. She giggled and clapped. \"Looks like you want to know now. Well. You'll never guess who has been vying for the beautiful Miss Valentine's attention.\" Dread settling in his chest, Goodnight scanned the third-floor ballroom, but it seemed the entirety of New Orleans had been invited, effectively obscuring his view of much of the room. Clever enough that she'd never display too much of it, Valentine could easily twist half the men in the room around her little finger without them having a clue. \"She's not in trouble, is she?\" \"Valentine?\" Ames barked in mirth, causing his wife to turn her attention to him. She jerkily straightened his cravat. \"Are you kidding? Sacha's in more trouble than she is.\" \"Sacha Castex ,\" Augusta asked, glancing up to Goodnight. She raised her eyebrows. \"That's not bad. He's a proper gentleman.\" \"You have to watch Valentine, though,\" he reminded her. Pinching the bridge of his nose, he took a deep breath in preparation to go after his sister, knowing his mother had enough on her mind to properly chaperone Valentine. \"Let's go—\" \"No, no,\" Mathilde shouted, \"I'll keep an eye on her! You two just enjoy your evening.\" Before either Goodnight or Augusta could protest, Mathilde had shot away and was sliding through the guests. Ames glanced between his mostly-empty glass and the disappearing trail of his wife's skirt and then looked to Goodnight. \"How much longer 'til it's Wednesday?\" \"Three more hours,\" Goodnight answered, checking his watch. Ames tipped the last of his whiskey into his mouth. \"I'm going to need something more.\" \"I've got a bottle of strong brandy in the top drawer of the library desk.\" \"You're a good man,\" Ames said, clapping Goodnight on the back as he set off for the library. Goodnight watched him go before he offered his arm to Augusta. He was grateful for Mathilde, though God knew she wouldn't miss anything, but it would put his mind to ease to check on Valentine himself. \"It was a beautiful night, Billy. Fat Tuesday was always the biggest party of the year, and Augusta...was just like a fairy, floating around the house, leaving everyone in high spirits. She'd be right next to me one moment, and the next she'd be flitting to this group and that group before she came back to me, bubbly and…goddamn, she was just so happy . She was always the happiest person, just made you glad to be alive when you were with her, but that night was something else. And when she smiled, I smiled, Valentine smiled, everyone smiled, even Salome smiled that night—once, but it counted.\" He and Augusta had led the Grand March and opened the ball with the first dance. When they weren't dancing and he'd wanted her to go with him somewhere else, he'd been able to take her by the hand, justified in doing so despite the accusing looks from other guests. No one besides their family, Ames, and the Verret twins had known they were engaged, though there was an increasing murmur throughout the night about their display until his father had made a speech just before midnight and the last quadrille, where they were toasted and Augusta had finally been able to show off her ring, which Goodnight had been keeping in his pocket until they were announced. And then the clock had struck twelve, and it was Wednesday, and Mardi Gras was over. \"Metaphors, metaphors, metaphors. God loves them.\"[Chapter 7] Fun fact: At Cajun weddings (but I don't know when exactly this started), if the younger sibling gets married before the older one, the older sibling has to dance with a broom at the reception. Billy: 29 April 1877 Augusta: 27 April-June 1857 Warning: contains a period-typical slur. Disclaimer: I do not own Mag7, \"A la claire fontaine,\" or \"Lorena.\" \"What a funny man he is,\" Salome thought aloud when Goodnight left. \"If he wasn't a Robicheaux, I'd think you were out of your mind.\" Goodnight had come calling that evening as he had most days since Fat Tuesday, only to find Salome had also dropped by for a visit, bringing Augusta the blue slippers she had been married in, and perhaps she'd grown so used to sitting with them because she hadn't left. Catching Augusta's eye as her sister sat down, Goodnight had merely shrugged and continued his tangent about his boyhood adventures with Ames. \"Oh, Sal, isn't he just? You should hear him when he gets going about Dickens. He just loves Dickens, could probably talk about him all day.\" \"Could probably talk about anything all day. You must be out of you mind either way,\" Salome said, but for a moment, her eyes flashed in something close to amusement. She twisted her shoulders. \"But I reckon it's too late now. You're either walking down the aisle or running away from it. Wedding, reception. Honeymoon. Wedding night .\" As one of Salome's brows quirked, the only part of her face that changed, Augusta rolled her eyes. \"I wish people would stop that. You and Mathilde both keep teasing me, but I don't know what you're talking about. What is so special about it?\" \"She hasn't told you?\" Paling greatly, Salome rounded on Augusta, face aghast. \"Oceane, she hasn't told you?\" \"Told me what?\" \"Oh, God, that bitch. Well, I suppose this is better off coming from me. Who knows what she would say.\" Salome crossed quickly to the door, peering into the hall to make sure it was clear. She closed the door. \"What is? Salome, whatever are you talking about,\" Augusta snapped, tired of her sister's theatrics and the silly teasing from both her and Mathilde. Salome was supposed to be the reliable, level sister, not a colder Oceane. \"It's about what will happen Wednesday night. See, Anastasie got quite the surprise the night she got married, so when it was my turn, she…explained. Then I explained to Oceane, and she was supposed to explain to you,\" Salome said as she took her seat again. She rolled her eyes up to the ceiling, scowling like it was the cause of all her grievances, before she took a deep breath and, through clenched teeth, set about to explaining. For once she had the decency to blush, and her eyes flickered back and forth between the door and Augusta, worried that someone might overhear them or her sister would flee from the room. Augusta sat stock-still, gaze dropping to the floor before Salome could get out three sentences, and with every word after that, blood creeped up her neck little by little until it passed to her cheeks and ears. At some point her mouth fell open, and she gripped the neck of her dress, twisting the fabric in her grip. No matter how much she didn't want to believe Salome, she couldn't help but realize that what she was saying did answer questions. No wonder the women at the end of Common Street wore so little clothing. No wonder her family had suspected she was expecting; she'd always assumed babies sort of magically happened once a man and woman got married and shared a bed, not that anything happened while they shared a bed. When Salome finished, Augusta jumped to her feet, gasping, \"Sal, I can't—I can't do that!\" \"Stop it!\" Salome too was on her feet in an instant, inches away from Augusta before she could react. She placed a hand on Augusta's cheek, tender in a loose sense of the word. \"Augusta, listen. It's really…it's not that bad. If you just relax a little, it's almost—well it is —nice.\" \"But Salome,\" Augusta argued, quieting down at her sister's scalding, pointed look, \"how can I do that? Even you haven't seen me like that.\" \"And thank heavens for that, I have no desire to. But all you have to do is lay there usually, especially tomorrow. Besides, knowing your husband, he won't shut up long enough to actually do anything,\" Salome conceded. Augusta knew she was trying to cheer her up, but Salome's words came off as harsh nonetheless; and if it didn't happen tomorrow, then it would just be postponed, and the thought of constantly waiting for it was even more terrifying. Her sister shifted feet. \"You're taking this better than Oceane. She burst into tears the moment I told her he'd see her without her crinolines.\" \"I feel like I'm about to,\" Augusta admitted, swallowing the dread in her tone. \"Don't, or else I might hate you, and I can't afford not to like anyone in the family.\" Taking Augusta's silence to mean their conversation was over, Salome gathered her bonnet from the side table and set about to fixing it on her beautiful head in her slow, self-assured movements. A tide of panic swelled in Augusta's chest; how could Salome just leave her here with such terrible news? She whined, \"You're leaving?\" \"Yes. I've brought you your shoes, I've done my sisterly duty, and I've stayed ten times longer than I ever planned. I'm surprised Dorian hasn't come after me.\" She pulled on her gloves and, seeing Augusta's face, rolled her eyes. \"Stop it. There's no reason to be so worked up, and you're not supposed to be silly.\" \"No reason, indeed ,\" Augusta huffed, finally releasing her grip on her dress, and frowned at her sister as she followed her to the door to see her out. She was supposed to be excited, and now she would do nothing but fret over the course of the next day; perhaps he wouldn't love her without her hoops and crinolines and corset, perhaps it would hurt and she'd never be able to look at him again. Salome turned in the doorway just before she left, mouth opening, eyes hinting that she might spout off a rare moment of kindness, but then she sobered up. All she said was, \"Don't be a child, Augusta.\" She closed the door behind herself, and Augusta stood there for a moment, not knowing what to do. Part of her wanted to call for Mammy and lay her head in her lap, but she'd intended to end the evening by speaking with her father. How she'd ever do that now, she had no idea; she felt dirty, like she needed a bath, and she had an overwhelming fear that Mr. Evercreech would know what Salome had told her. But her chances to speak with him were growing ever slimmer, and she'd put it off long enough. Eyes closed, Augusta breathed in to steady herself and headed down the hall for the library, where her father would undoubtedly be doing some sort of business even if it was late. The door was open, and she could see him sitting in the plush arm chair with a pile of papers on his lap, his monocle over his left eye, likely doing little good in the dim light from the lamp at his side. Strict but not unreasonable, Solomon Evercreech was a tall, slight man, gingery hair balding a tad, a thick, curved mustache quivering over his lip when he spoke; he had given Salome her cold gaze, though his eyes did not usually do him justice. \"Daddy,\" she called softly, lingering in the hall. He did not glance up immediately. \"Daddy, may I speak with you?\" She waited a moment while he shuffled papers. \"Yes, come in, child.\" Augusta crossed to him as quietly as she could and settled herself on the floor at his feet, hoping she looked more guileless than she felt. \"Now, Daddy, I know this isn't my place, and you've already done so much for me, and I know I can't thank you enough, but I haven't asked for much before either. I just…I have one last request before Wednesday.\" \"What is it, then?\" He listened quietly while Augusta spoke, and when his brow knitted together, she thought she'd be rebuked. But sighing, he said after she'd finished, \"My dear, I've already signed Saltmore Hall to him, and the property will be his when I am gone. Must you take more from me?\" She hadn't known Goodnight had gotten her home when he'd asked to marry her, and while it was a little unsettling, she doubted that had been his sole purpose in proposing. \"I'm sorry, Daddy. I understand if you say no. It's just—it would make me feel so much better to have familiar faces with me.\" Mr. Evercreech raised a hand and smoothed Augusta's hair, smiling ever so slightly. \"Oh, my sweet girl…I know I have been called many things, but let it not be said that I don't love my daughters. If this is what your heart desires, then let me fulfill this one last request.\" He leaned over to kiss the top of her head. \"I'll draw up the papers tonight, and he can sign them in the morning.\" \"Thank you, Daddy,\" Augusta cried, popping up suddenly to throw her arms around his neck. Solomon Evercreech had given Salome more than just her namesake, but below his cool exterior was something warm that Salome did not seem to have. \"Go now,\" he said with a low chuckle, \"or else you'll not have any sleep. I am known for my beautiful daughters, and I can't have you looking tired.\" \"I remember her eyes most of all. That, and I dropped the ring two goddamned times.\" \"I'm so excited,\" Ames said, straightening his vest in the mirror. \"Mattie says she's beautiful. I bet you'll love her.\" Glancing up from where he'd been trying to fasten his suspenders, Goodnight caught his friend's eye in the reflection. \"Isn't that the whole reason we're doing this?\" \"Well, yes, but normal people don't get married because they love each other, and I'm just trying to have one last bachelor conversation,\" Ames quipped back at him, and from his expression, Goodnight would have thought Ames, starry-eyed and rosy, was more excited than he was. \"So can you let me savor this day? I thought for sure you'd only ever be Uncle Goody to all my children, but now I get to be Uncle Ames to all my godchildren.\" \"You were going to be Uncle Ames with or without me. Remember Mattie?\" Goodnight reminded him, and Ames rolled his eyes. \"Lord, I'll be so thankful when those girls get married, but this isn't about them, Goody. It's about you, and your wedding…and you taking your sweet time getting ready. Jesus, can you hurry? Augusta is as sweet as she can be, but she's still an Evercreech, and I'd rather not test her patience on her wedding day. Look, even I'm dressed.\" Ames crossed to where Goodnight was just buttoning his vest and grabbed hold of the lilac cravat from Goodnight's bed. \"Watch this, I learned a new trick just for you.\" \"One of these days, you'll learn something useful,\" Goodnight teased as Ames fumbled with his cravat but managed to tie it elegantly enough. \"But then what good will you be?\" Ames took a step back to admire his work, hands on Goodnight's shoulders. He paused for a moment like that, suddenly almost pensive as he regarded Goodnight. When he spoke, his voice, soft and airy, had lost most of its teasing gleam. \"Look at you. My big brother ready to get married. We finally grew up.\" \"Big brother,\" Goodnight snorted, clapping him on the back and moving for his coat; he had enough to worry about besides Ames getting sentimental. \"You're seven months older than me.\" And like that, Ames was back to his twinkling self. He plopped his boutonnière into his button hole and then did the same for Goodnight before snatching both their hats. \"Oh, Goody, be honest here. You're the big brother in this relationship. If I hadn't been so set on getting you with Augusta, I would have made you dance with the broom at my wedding.\" Ames ushered Goodnight out of his bedroom and down the stairs of the Robicheaux mansion in New Orleans, chiding him for asking if he had the ring, though he patted his pockets \"to double-check\" when he thought Goodnight wasn't looking. They hurried into the waiting carriage, and with a lurch, jostling Goodnight's stomach even more, it began its journey across the city Excitable and eager to do his best man duties, Ames straightened up the moment the canon started and rushed to fix anything on Goodnight that could have been askew. Goodnight swatted him away, mostly out fear that he would throw up on him if Ames stood there any longer. At any moment, Augusta would come down the aisle, and it would be the end of an era, the age he'd been referring to in his mind as Before-Augusta. The congregation rose. Haggard and sickly, Maxence Robicheaux struggled to his feet but with his characteristic smile lighting up his sunken face, beyond elated that he could celebrate the day, and once again, Goodnight said silent thanks that Augusta had offered to do this. Little Minerva Verret pranced inside one of the left-side pews, and two rows in front of her, Oceane fanned herself fervently. Goodnight mentally dared her to faint—he had yet to fully forgive her for her episode at their engagement dinner—and Salome, ignoring Anastasie's death-grip on her arm, scowled around Dorian so fiercely at her redheaded sister like she was daring her as well; maybe Augusta had been right that they could count on Salome. In the very back corner, tears streamed down Mammy's face as she beamed at Goodnight, and Sam gave him a short jerk of the head when he caught his eye, though Goodnight couldn't have very well left them out, not when Augusta adored them so. On the arm of Solomon Evercreech and looking tiny next to her tall, lanky father, Augusta appeared in the door at the far end of the St. Louis Cathedral, clad in a dress with a voluminous white skirt and an ornate lace veil trailing feet behind her; with the distance between them, he couldn't make out any of her features besides her inky hair framing her pale, round face beneath it. Come on, darlin', you don't have dawdle, he thought, curbing the urge to shift from foot to foot while his heart hammered in his ears, but at the same time, he wanted her to enjoy her spotlight. But then Augusta had reached the end of the aisle, and Mr. Evercreech kissed her cheek through her veil. \"Wipe your chin, Goody,\" Ames might have said when Mr. Evercreech passed her to Goodnight, but he'd never know. Gaze cast down, Augusta glanced up hesitantly through her lashes at him, grinning bashfully. His breath caught in his chest at the sight of those big green eyes, bright against all her white and her black hair, those big green eyes which washed away any lingering doubt about himself that he might have had. Maybe he wouldn't make a good husband, but goddamn it, he was going to try. He squeezed her hand, a gesture which she returned, grin turning into a smile, and they knelt before the priest. Goodnight had been to enough weddings to know what happened without being aware of the proceedings. This person read from that, they crossed themselves here, stand then sit over and over, more readings. He moved in a daze, only aware that Augusta was next to him, buzzing excitedly, and his fingers were in hers, and for once in his life, Ames had been right about something. \"I wish he'd get to the vows, Goody, I'm about to faint,\" Augusta whispered at one when the priest addressed the congregation. \"Do what,\" Goodnight muttered, only vaguely registering her voice, though he had a moment of panic when he processed what she'd said. \"You are pulling my leg, aren't you?\" \"We'll find out,\" she said without a care in the world, sounding overjoyed to be about to faint; at least she was closer to the ground this time. Finally the priest had them stand, and taking a deep breath, Goodnight repeated after the priest, \"I, Goodnight Robicheaux, take you, Augusta Evercreech, to be my wife. I promise to be faithful to you, in good times and in bad, in sickness and in health, to love you and to honor you all the days of my life.\" In her soft voice, giddy and shaking, Augusta repeated, \"I, Augusta Evercreech, take you, Goodnight Robicheaux, to be my husband. I promise to be faithful to you, in good times and in bad, in sickness and in health, to love you and to honor you all the days of my life.\" They were married. It didn't matter what happened now, they were Goodnight and Augusta Robicheaux. They were married. The priest blessed them, but Goodnight met Augusta's eye, unable to keep his face stoic, and in her face of glass, he saw that she was thinking the same thing. Goodnight had just enough sense to realize the priest was blessing the ring. After it had been sprinkled, he turned to Ames for it, and the other man held it out. And it clattered to the floor. \" Shit ,\" Ames cried loudly, and a few of the men in attendance snickered as both he and Goodnight dove for it. Ames scrambled on hands and knees for the ring as it slipped away, rolling across the floor. He launched himself after it and flattened it to the ground with his palm. Fair hair flopping into his eyes, he popped up with it tightly between his thumb and forefinger, embarrassment nowhere near his features. From somewhere on Goodnight's side, Micah Magee whooped. Goodnight took the ring from him, laughing nervously—his whole body ached from where he'd tensed so suddenly—and turned back to Augusta, whose jaw trembled, eyes twinkling, but she remained quiet. He responded with a lopsided grin and forgot the incident when she looked at him from beneath her lashes. He licked his lips. \"Gus—Augusta, receive this ring as a sign of my love and fidelity. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit,\" he said, attempting to slip it onto her finger. Only to have it slip past her finger. With another wild dive, Goodnight nearly headbutted Augusta in the stomach as he lunged for the ring, watching from the corner of his eye Ames springing into action, but the ring, spinning twice, landed at their feet. Goodnight picked it up, cursing at it in his mind, unlike Ames who had done it aloud. \"Well,\" Augusta whispered, beaming up at him, \"you should have shaken out all the bad luck by now.\" \"I thought the phrase was 'third time's the charm,'\" he teased, feigning like he would drop it again, but he was grateful Augusta would laugh it off. Still under her veil, Augusta scrunched up her nose, failing miserably at looking angry as she always did, and tried to growl, \"Goodnight Robicheaux, you put that ring on my finger.\" The moment the carriage doors closed, Goodnight tossed back her veil, freeing her lovely round face from any obstruction no matter how thing it may have been, and he pulled her flush against him. \"Mrs. Robicheaux, you are simply divine. Vous êtes la plus belle créature que j'ai jamais vue .\" He tried to press his lips to hers, but Augusta's were pulled back widely. \"Would you stop smiling so that I can kiss you?\" Augusta merely responded with her bright laugh, tipping her head back in that familiar, intoxicating way. \"Oh, Goody, il y a longtemps que je t'aime .\" \" Jamais je ne t'oublierai,\" he murmured back, stroking down her hairline, desperate to touch her but knowing Mammy would skin him alive if he messed up her hair. They were tucked away in a carriage together, alone , and he could touch her if he wanted because she was his wife. His sweet, beautiful little wife. Mrs. Augusta Robicheaux. Buttoning his coat, Ames stood with an expression of giddy smugness. He tapped his fork on the side of his glass. \"If I may have your attention, please.\" When the room quieted, he continued, \"Now, I know I should be toasting to the newlyweds, but I think it's fitting that we all raise our glasses to me. Because I take full credit for this wedding. To Ames, Eros in disguise!\" Three seats down, Mathilde pointedly cleared her throat, scowling at Ames, who relented, \"Ok, Mattie gets some credit for always corralling Augusta for me. Now, to Ames, Eros in disguise!\" His smugness increasing when the crowd hesitantly raised their glasses, he grinned cheekily at Goodnight. \"Are you proud of that one, Goody? I used Eros. But I digress .\" His whole being gave an excited tremble. \"Anyway. As I take full credit for this wedding, Goody, Aggie, please don't make me regret it. When Augusta told us that story about the boo-hag and the toad at her debut, and she used the word 'querulous,' I just knew that this was the girl my best friend would marry. And wasn't I right? Now, we all know that Goody can talk for hours about anything, and days if he knows what he's talking about the subject, but Augusta—not only does she have patience enough to listen to him, but she can give him a run for his money. Thankfully they both listened to good ol' Ames, and here they are just glowing before you today as husband and wife.\" \"All joshing aside, it really is such an honor to stand beside my best friend, my brother, on this day. I teased him earlier today that he was the older brother in our relationship because he's always the one looking after me, but now, he finally gets someone to look after him. Augusta, Aggie, my new sister, I now put him in your capable hands—Lord knows you have much more patience with his jabbering than I do. \"Now, let us toast to the groom and bride, Mister and Missus Goodnight Robicheaux.\" As the guests raised their glasses, Ames clapped Goodnight on the back and took his seat, swiping at his nose, though he'd never admit to the crack in his voice. Maybe Ames was silly, and maybe he lived in his own carefree world, but it could not be said that he didn't come through when needed. Good ol' Ames, indeed. \"I suppose it's my turn,\" Goodnight said, buttoning his own coat as he stood. \"Before I really get going, I'd like to thank my parents for this day, especially my mother for never following through with those threats to wring my neck. Of course, thank you, Ames, for the little push in the right direction, and Mathilde for aiding in his matchmaking. And thank you Solomon and Collette Evercreech, for a daughter more beautiful than I ever imagined. \"Now, when I came home, I wasn't in a hurry to get married, but Ames was in a hurry to get me married. He dragged me to a party, where the story began—quite literally, I might add. Augusta sat down and told us all a story that night, and that was the moment I was hooked. Since then, I've been listening to her tell all kind of stories, so finally, thank you to Anastasie, Salome, and Oceane, but mostly you, Oceane; you've given her so many wonderful stories to tell. But it is truly my honor that my story will end with her. \"When I proposed—or tried to, at least—I had planned a beautiful speech, which was tragically cut short—thank you, Mathilde, Hattie—but I suppose this should do.\" \"Oh no,\" Augusta groaned, covering her cheeks with her hands, neck already reddening. She cringed in her seat. \"Have more faith in me, Gus,\" Goodnight chuckled. \"Often, we do not marry for love, but for convenience or duty, hoping love comes somewhere along the way. But, Augusta, my convenience is this: that I will not ride to Saltmore Hall whenever I wish to see your beautiful face, but that I may wake up to it every morning. My duty is this: that I shall keep upon your lips the smile that I have come to need so desperately, that has become more essential to me than water. Often, we do not marry for love, but Augusta, my darlin', you have no idea how much I love you. If I have seen you in a thousand different lights, you have been beautiful in all of them. You are the sun upon my face and the song upon my lips, and I will love you with every breath in my body, for you are my life itself. \"So, here is to my morning rise and working day; my Sunday afternoons and evening rest; my song and my speech; my home and heartbeat. Here is to... ma vie .\" \" Sa vie .\" \"Do you know what tomorrow is, Billy?\" Billy squints while he tries to figure out the days. Out on their own, with days between towns, it's hard to keep track of the date. \"April...it's the twenty-ninth of April.\" \"That's right. Tomorrow would be our twentieth anniversary.\" By this point, Goodnight has tears falling silently from his eyes. \"We set the date for September sixteenth originally, but we ended up moving it to April.\" By now, the bottle of whiskey that Goodnight had been nursing is only a third of the way full, but Goodnight is as sober as he was to begin with. He rubs the bridge of his nose. \"Twenty years ago, I was lying wide awake in bed, listening to my poor father's cough, and it didn't seem quite as harsh because he was going to get to see the wedding. And I kept thinking to myself, 'Goodnight, you are one goddamn lucky sonovabitch. This time tomorrow night, you are going to be making love to your wife on your way to Paris.'\" It hadn't been until they'd gone back to their car after dinner that Augusta had remembered what was supposed to happen. Now, poised at the foot of the bed, she stood in front of Goodnight, her chest rising and falling more quickly than she cared to admit, trying to focus on anything besides what she was supposed to do. To her relief, he seemed almost as self-conscious about the situation as she did, judging from how he kept licking his lips, quick like he was reminding himself to be calm while he tried to find the right words, how his eyes flickered over her face, to her hands, down her body, somewhere over her shoulder, while she stared at the top button on his vest, noting the detailing in the brass, the scripty R s in the center, now her last name too. But she couldn't focus on the buttons the whole night, and she needed him to make a move. As if reading her mind, Goodnight tangled his fingers in hers. \"Your hands are cold.\" \"I'm nervous,\" she breathed, not entirely sure what it had to do with her hands being cold but surprised she could even manage that much. She just thanked her lucky stars he was doing something. \"Don't be,\" Goodnight whispered back, tilting her chin up to him with a single firm but gentle finger. Wrapping an arm around her waist, he pulled her to him while using his other hand to cradle the back of her neck. Augusta tried to switch off her mind, tried to lose herself in the touch of her husband, but when he reached for the buttons on her own dress, she snapped back to reality. Since she'd been old enough to bathe herself, she hadn't been seen in anything less than her chemise and drawers, not even by her mother and sisters, and never in such a condition by a gentleman. Her mind whirred, and modesty and nerves replaced where giddiness and comfort should have been. She didn't catch herself before she'd shifted. The movement made him draw back from her. \"Do you trust me?\" He likes that loaded question , Augusta thought, pulling away from him to fully see his face, all the warmth she'd ever known him to have emanating from his sharp blue eyes. Goodnight cupped her cheek in a way she knew was to try to calm her down, tracing his thumb under her eye. As the train hit a bump, he fell a step closer to her so that their hips brushed. From what Salome had said, she'd expected him to have tossed her onto the bed and done whatever horrid things he needed to by this point; she had been told that he would change after they got married, since he wasn't having to woo her anymore, but here he was being utterly Goodnight, tender, perceptive. And then a hesitant smile flickered over Augusta's lips, and before he caught them in his own, she whispered, \"Yes.\" He deepened the kiss, sliding her bottom lip between his, and pulled her closer. This was not quite what she expected, the gentleness, the slowness, though she didn't know how she could have expected anything else from him. She had expected the embarrassment and sickness that grew with each layer that was shed, but she had not expected the tugging in her stomach to accompany it. One by one, he dropped her layers, watching as she slowly became smaller and smaller until she was clad only in her stockings and corset, a slender little woman who could not decide to faint or kiss him. \"How—what is this contraption,\" Goodnight asked, something akin to dread crossing over his eyes as he fingered the laces on her back, and Augusta momentarily forgot her unease with him unable to comprehend how her corset worked. Perhaps if he couldn't figure out how to get her out of it or got too fed up with the laces, he would give up; but then again, that would only postpone this whole ordeal. \"There are buttons.\" Slowly she fumbled to release each one, biting her lip and glancing up and down at him, unable to meet his eye for any length of time. As she struggled with the last one, hands trembling too badly, he covered them in his own and stepped forward, edging her closer to the bed. Her corset fell away. This is normal, she told herself. Salome said it would be nice. Taking a seat at the foot, Augusta glanced away while she peeled off her stockings, and when she raised her head, she found that Goodnight had taken the opportunity to undo his own buttons on his pants without her watching him. She started before she could stop herself, heart pounding, feeling the heat reach past her neck to her ears. \"Gus,\" Goodnight began, sitting down next to her in only his long johns. Eyes squeezed shut, Augusta cut him off by shaking her head, muttering, \"I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm fine.\" And like that, before she fully realized what had happened, the last of their layers fell away and he laid her back on the bed. \" Mon cœur t'appartient, ma vie ,\" Goodnight breathed into her neck, and she tried to focus not on the weight of him over her but on the sound of his voice, low and familiar and comforting. He traced a finger up the inside of her arm and then peppered kisses in a hot trail over it. \" Mon coeur, mon monde, mon tout. Ma vie.\" \"I took in the sight of her laying on the bed on our wedding night, and I knew I would never see that again. That would be the only time I ever looked at my wife like that, and I wanted to make it last. Neither of us had a clue what we were doing. Ames had given me some surreptitious, muddled advice, and Sal had told her what happened, but that doesn't prepare you at all when you're looking at a woman for the first time, unclothed and scared and waiting on you to decide how it's going to go. All the advice in the world can't prepare you for that whatsoever. \"I didn't know what to do, but I knew it was the physical act of letting a woman know you loved her. So I tried that. For the first time in my life, I kept my words to myself and let my actions tell her I loved her.\" Sometimes, on the good nights, he finds himself bound for Savannah, listening to Augusta drown out the rumblings of the train, her sighs, her moans, even her laughter. She murmurs his name next to his ear in her soft voice. He sees her writhing under his touch, back arching and toes curling, sometimes pushing him away when she can't stand the pleasure, sometimes holding him close when she can't get enough of it. On the good nights they stay like this, engrossed and entangled in each other. But on the bad nights, he's trapped somewhere nearby in a cloud of smoke, listening to Augusta scream, muffling the sounds of indistinguishable voices, harsh and cruel. They cackle and jeer while she screams, begging for them to stop whatever it is that she knows they're doing but that he can't see. The only time he had heard his wife beg was in April of 1861, but here it is all she can do, besides wail and sob. No matter how hard he tries—and sometimes he doesn't at this point—he can't get to her, can't find her in all the smoke that clouds his vision and fills his lungs until all he can do is retch. On the bad nights, he wakes up in a cold sweat, gasping for breath, stomach churning and tears burning his eyes, Billy looking over him with masked concern. \"I thought we had time. I thought there would be time for me to ravage her later, for those quick moments of sudden passion.\" After three nights of watching her, Goodnight grew fed up of trying to figure out how she did it. Augusta sat down at the mirror on the fourth night to release her hair from her pins only to have Goodnight do it for her, picking out each pin that was so skillfully hidden in her mane, and when he thought he had every one out, he shook her hair just like she did. \"Now what?\" Augusta cocked an eyebrow and pulled out one last pin. \"Three sections.\" He meticulously sectioned off her hair, moving each curl when he thought the sections were uneven. \"Now put the left one in the middle, then the right one in the middle, and repeat.\" He did as she said, weaving each of his strands in and out slowly, though it was a constant battle as his fingers kept getting tangled, and he couldn't keep from somehow tying knots at the ends. When he finished, he stood back to examine his disappointing work. Catching her gaze in the mirror and finding her eyes glittering, the ghost of a smirk on her lips, he mumbled, \"This is not as easy as you make it look.\" Augusta felt what he had done. \"You need to keep it tighter. My hair won't fall out if you pull just a little.\" He did not want to pull her lovely, enticing curls, but he refused to let her mane get the best of him. \"I will not be beaten by this,\" Goodnight said, unwinding his work. He tried a second time, trying to keep her hair tight like she'd suggested, but he couldn't keep the tangles out no matter how hard he tried. \"Do you want to know a secret? I absolutely adore your hair.\" With more seriousness than he'd ever seen, Augusta looked at him through the mirror. \"Oceane told me I had nigger hair one time.\" Goodnight pinched the bridge of his nose and let out a long, shaky breath. \"Darlin', you have no idea how glad I am that she's in Baton Rouge.\" \"Was it good?\" \"Was what good, the lovemaking or the wedding?\" \"Both.\" Accomplishing what was undoubtedly his mission, Billy's question makes Goodnight grin wolfishly. \"I'd say the wedding was the second-best day of my life. It was the wedding of the year, even if it had been thrown together, and Gus was absolutely gorgeous, just like she deserved. Most people come back from their honeymoon tired of their spouse, but I couldn't get enough of her, and for once in her life, Gus was the center of attention and loved every minute of it. And well...infer what you will, but we were expecting by the time we got back home.\" Slowly his smile fades, and he closes his eyes. He knows in the pit of his stomach that it's past midnight by now. He knows that if he'd made even one different choice that he could be lying in bed with his wife—even if they weren't in Louisiana—instead of sharing a hotel room with a Korean assassin hundreds of miles away in California. He tips the last swig of whiskey from the bottle into his mouth, and Billy takes the cue to mean their talk is over, snuffing out his cigarette on the nightstand. Joints creaking, reminding him of just how many years have passed, he replaces their liquor sack with the other packs and turns to find Billy watching him stoically, perhaps trying to figure out if this will be a night where he'll end up joining the older man in bed. But Goodnight couldn't share a bed with anyone tonight. And it's not as if he'll sleep enough to have a nightmare. For two weeks, they were in Paris, spending the days in a whirlwind of museums and strolls along the Seine after a late morning and cancans and freak shows in the evenings before going back to their hotel, making for even later nights. Goodnight danced with her at restaurants, even when she insisted it wasn't proper for married couples to do so, and didn't bat an eye when he opened the wallet at dress shops, even when she told him that he shouldn't be there. And he loved every minute of it. He loved watching her face light up when he purchased a new dress after she insisted that she didn't need it, telling her that she needed a splendid new wardrobe if she was going to be the new Mrs. Robicheaux. He loved leaving a restaurant only to discover it was well into the night, though they never went to bed at a decent hour, instead choosing to delve into the new pleasures of marital life or to stay up talking the night away. \"I love this city,\" Augusta said on their last night when she caught him staring at her from the doorway leading to their balcony, in awe that the beautiful woman with the foreign city lights as her backdrop was his wife. \"I never thought I would love any city besides New Orleans, but Paris has grown on me. Is this how it was with Charleston?\" The city had grown on him too. When he went out alone, he found himself seeing traces of her; there she was on the corner outside the hotel, stooped down to pet the stray mutt that hung around the block, and there she was sharing a box of petit fours with a group of children outside the bakery that he'd discovered. Traces of his wife peppered the city, and he wanted to linger in those traces forever. \"We can stay if you'd like,\" he said, pushing himself from the doorway and towards her. She was wearing one of her new dresses and the look she had taken to giving him: a faint, closed-mouth grin and her eyes half-closed, as if he had just woken her from a wonderful dream. When he wrapped his arms around her waist, she leaned against his chest, skimming her hand over his cheek. \"You want to get home,\" she replied after a moment of searching his face, and his silence was all the answer she needed. \"It's fine, sweetheart. I understand.\" \"I've enjoyed this, I really have, but I'm…\" When he let his mind wander the slightest bit away from her, he remembered what he'd left back home, and it scared him. With a sinking feeling, Goodnight was certain that they'd return to Louisiana to find his father gone, and he wouldn't have said goodbye or been there for his family during the funeral. \"I understand,\" she repeated. Perking up, she asked, \"Why ever were you lurking in the doorway?\" \"I was admiring the beauty,\" he told her, and she let out a little huff in amused embarrassment, still not used to his compliments. Goodnight bent his face to meet hers and let the city watch them kiss. Somehow Augusta sensed that he wanted more, and she tugged him by the vest back inside their room. It was only fitting that they celebrate their last night in Paris. He never answered her question. In the stillness of the nights, when he's left with nothing but his thoughts and memories, he can recall all the things he has and hasn't done. He recalls the man at the shop's face every time he came in for a new frame, how masterfully he could plait her hair by the time they returned to New Orleans, and the way her eyes closed whenever he did it. He can recall the scent of her perfume and the scent of cannons faster than he can say his name. On restless nights like these, he imagines he's atoning for his sins. Whenever he pulls the trigger, the bullet doesn't wound, but rather it is leaving the unfortunate soul—usually a color guard or captain—and whizzing past the trees back into the rifle. He isn't walking away from Oceane, but rather he's gathering her to him. He's on the Parisian balcony answering every question Augusta ever had. Yes, ma vie, this is what it was like with Charleston. You fall in love with a new city and all its little idiosyncrasies, but no matter how much you love it, it'll never be home. Billy flips over in the opposite bed, and Goodnight can't help a faint smile; it would make more sense for Goodnight to be the restless sleeper, but Billy always wiggles, tossing and turning. Ma vie, nothing will ever compare to home. The lyrics from his second-favorite song bloom on his lips, but he keeps quiet. Restless and twitchy, Billy makes for a light sleeper. He turns over again, and Goodnight wonders how easy it would be to get a cigarette. As they were loading the carriage to go home, an idea struck Goodnight. He waited until they had everything tied down until he told Sam where to take them. \"Why are we stopping here?\" Augusta swept back the curtain just enough to peek out the window, and not for the first time was Goodnight amused. Valentine couldn't go anywhere without her face against the glass; it would take some getting used to Augusta being content to sit quietly under his arm. \"Gus, I want you to go in there and pick out anything.\" \"Goody, you already bought enough in Paris—\" But Goodnight was already alighting from the carriage and holding out his hand to help her down. \"We're not leaving until you find something,\" he told her on their way through the door. He'd come to learn that Augusta, wildly intelligent as she was, would not be so brazen as to ever speak against her husband. Inside, the man behind the counter, small and mousy, glanced over the tops of the eyeglasses low on his nose when the bell rang, pausing briefly with his task. With a flash of delight that the owner was not on the floor, Goodnight kept his hat low on his head until he had his back turned to the man, looking inside the watch cases on the other side of the room, while Augusta browsed through the brooches and bracelets. \"I'll be with you shortly,\" the man said after a moment's consideration, more than a little unenthused, and went back to what appeared to be setting a stone. Augusta roved over the cases slowly, taking her time in looking, and Goodnight had to pretend he was very interest in a new chain. Eventually she stopped and peered up at the man, hands clasped in front of her, waiting patiently for him to offer assistance, but he continued to labor with the jewel in his tweezers. After a few moments, she caught Goodnight's eye, and he raised his fist to his throat. Augusta took the hint to clear her throat, very quietly, just loud enough to get the worker's attention. \"I will be with you in a moment,\" the mousy man said again, harder this time, not even glancing up from his task. Eyes widening at his brusqueness, Augusta looked to Goodnight for help. While he'd wanted to make a point by coming into the shop, Goodnight worked to curb his fury at the slight to his wife. In his coldest but most sincere tone he could manage, he said, \"Pardon me, but I believe my wife has been patiently waiting for your assistance.\" From a back room, there came the sound of what seemed like scattering papers, and a small, portly man popped into the doorway, his halo of grey hair sticking up in mad tufts. \"Mist—oh gracious. Mr. Robicheaux, what a surprise! I had no idea you'd come in.\" He waddled over to greet them, shaking Goodnight's hand firmly and bowing as low as his stomach would let him as he kissed Augusta's fingertips, though she blushed madly. When he rose, he dabbed at his forehead, stammering nervously, \"Please, forgive my associate, he didn't recognize you. And this—this must be the new Mrs. Robicheaux, yes?\" \"It is. Augusta, this is Mr. Adler, owner of the shop. Adler, this is my wife, Augusta.\" \"How do you do, Mrs. Robicheaux? Please, forgive my associate. Had he known who you were, he never would have made you wait.\" Again, Adler dabbed at his forehead, which was breaking out in red splotches. \"Oh…it was no problem, Mr. Adler.\" If Augusta had been taken aback by the associate's behavior, it was nothing in comparison to Adler's. He shot a frightening scowl towards his associate, who ducked into the back office in the blink of an eye. Adler tucked his handkerchief away as he composed himself. \"May I see the ring, Mrs. Robicheaux?\" He held out his hand and brought a monocle from his breast pocket to his eye. \"Ah, yes. I remember this ring. Beautiful design, one of my favorites, I must say. Your husband here had it specially made, did you know that? He came in two days after Christmas and asked how much it would take to get a ring designed. And how lovely it looks on your hand indeed. \"I can see no problem with it, which means you must be in for something else. How may I help you? You have lovely green eyes, my lady, so might I suggest this ivory brooch?\" As Adler was opening the case, Goodnight tapped on the glass. \"I think this one is more appropriate.\" \"Oh, Goody, no…\" Augusta tried to say as Adler pulled a peridot choker from the case, sparkling madly and elaborately made. Adler passed it to Goodnight, who paid no attention to her protests, settling it about her neck and only mildly fumbling with the clasp. \"No, I don't need this.\" \"Nonsense,\" Goodnight argued, holding up a mirror in front of her. \"Of course you do when matches your eyes perfectly.\" \"Goody–\" \"Only the best for a Robicheaux,\" Adler agreed. Sometime in the night, Billy managed to slip out of the room without Goodnight, who was wide awake the entire time, noticing. He packs their stuff alone, but in a way, he's grateful that Billy decided to make himself scarce; his heart is too heavy already to deal with Billy's pity, which he never shows, but Goodnight knows it's there. At this point, he's learned to listen to the air around Billy rather than read his face. He readies their horses, still with no sign of his partner, and takes two biscuits for the both of them when he pays for their room. The next town is less than a day's ride east, and if they get started now, they can make it by sundown if they don't dawdle. Just as he bends down to tighten the saddle on his horse, he sees a pair of familiar black boots striding into the stable. \"Put those away,\" Billy tells him when Goodnight holds out Billy's biscuits. \"Breakfast,\" Goodnight retorts in confusion, hoisting himself into the saddle. \"Snack later. Get off the horse.\" Without even waiting on Goodnight to dismount, Billy jerks his head and stalks back out of the stable. Goodnight follows like always, not letting Billy get too far, until they get to the restaurant. He glances at Billy from the corner of his eye, but Billy slips past the doors. \"What can I get you,\" the bartender asks with a pointed look at Goodnight. \"Four pancakes, two coffees, bacon,\" Billy answers. An eyebrow cocked, signaling a fight could be nearing, the waiter snarls down his nose at Billy before turning his attention back to Goodnight. He only cocks his own eyebrow with a look that says, You heard my friend. When the bartender leaves, muttering under his breath about a white man bowing down to a Chinaman, Goodnight leans over the table. \"What are we ordering breakfast for?\" \"You said this was Augusta's favorite. Today is important.\" After he's processed that, Goodnight can only nod that, yes, Augusta loved pancakes, and be thankful for Billy. Later they ride out of town, stomachs full, and Goodnight gets only the slightest bit of comfort from leaving. For those few hours, he'd brought his old life into reality, and now he's leaving a little part of it in this place. That same little part of him makes him want to stay here and revel in that old life; he hadn't been allowed to properly grieve when he left it behind, and today, more than ever, he wants to wallow in that old glory. Eventually, when his chest has gotten too tight, he clears his throat, and Billy looks over at him. \"Do you...I thought I might...do you mind?\" Billy's eyes flash down to the revolver on Goodnight's hip then back up to his face, and Goodnight knows exactly what he meant. He'd been given that same look on more than one occasion, all on days worse than this, and if he hadn't touched it then, he won't touch it now. \"I won't use it,\" he says to answer Billy's unspoken question. Sometimes Goodnight wonders just how much Billy trusts him, or if he's simply letting Goodnight do whatever and hoping for the best. But no matter, he gives that slight nod of the head that had taken Goodnight a year to fully recognize, and then says, \"I'll meet you outside of the town.\" Goodnight turns his horse away and spurs it on, not realizing the wind carries his song back to Billy. \" Oh, the years creep slowly by, Lorena, The snow is on the ground again. The sun's low down the sky, Lorena, The frost gleams where the flow'rs have been. But the heart beats on as warmly now, As when the summer days were nigh. Oh, the sun can never dip so low A-down affection's cloudless sky.\"[Chapter 8] Billy: May 1877 Augusta: May-October 1857 So this is sort of like Part One of Two. The next chapter will be more of a continuation of this one. Disclaimer: I do not own Mag7. Billy doesn't let on that he doesn't like it when Goodnight leaves, but he always returns to find the younger man inebriated, or at least on his way. This time is no different, though Billy has made it through considerably less of the bottle than usual; either he hasn't been waiting long, or he hasn't been bothered as much. Goodnight can't be upset that Billy's never asked about before the war when he's never asked about Billy's history. He knows the gist about Billy—an indentured man wanting freedom—and Billy must assume he knows the gist about Goodnight. It's been an unspoken rule that they don't ask personal questions, and for the most part, Goodnight has obliged, except for the occasions when they've slipped out in his chatter. But Billy's never answered them, sometimes doesn't even look at Goodnight to let him know he's been heard. Those are the times when Goodnight wonders if Billy actually listens, or if his voice is nothing more than the grasshoppers and the sparrows. He doesn't say a word when he rides up, just waits for Billy to get off the ground and saddle his horse again, before they go into town together. Billy doesn't ask where he's been, and Goodnight doesn't tell him that he spent an hour or so under a tree, talking to the wind. For the next few days, Goodnight makes no reference to the story he'd told Billy, and they both go back to playing the roles they've given themselves. Billy makes them decent money with his knife fights, and during the days, Goodnight occupies himself at the saloon. Billy joins him every once in a while for a few rounds of hold 'em, though he doesn't stay very long since he usually loses more money than he wins; he's better at picking up other players' tells than Goodnight, but Billy can't have a decent hand dealt to him to save his life. They spend two weeks there, longer than either had wanted, but a harsh spring rain set in, and neither had any desire to play in it. So they bide their time, Goodnight making friends in the saloon, in the store, wherever he goes, and Billy keeping his head low in Goodnight's shadow. They ride quietly for most of the morning, but it is Billy who breaks the silence. \"Someone got lost.\" He's referring to the large blue farmhouse they pass, too fine for the dusty plains surrounding them, probably belonging to a railroad magnate or successful rancher, but Goodnight agrees that no matter who it belongs to, the house looks out of place. From somewhere inside him, buried beneath years of pain and resentment, a bit of smugness rears its head. \"Billy, I want you to picture this: there's a long drive, and at the end, it circles around a perfectly-trimmed topiary.\" \"Topiary,\" Billy mutters under his breath, face contorting while he tries to remember if he knows that word. \"It's a type of...plant sculpture,\" Goodnight tells him, knowing Billy would understand if he used Billy's language, but those moments never end well with Goodnight's heavy Southern tongue, trained to move prettily in French and Latin. Billy nods, expression relaxing in recognition, and Goodnight continues. \"Behind the topiary, three times the size of that one back there, there's a house, square and columned, every part of it white except for the black shutters and iron railings. A granite double staircase curves up to the porch. On the left wing, off the front parlor and grand dining room, was the ballroom with all its carved moldings and velvet curtains and marbled floors, and on the right wing was the conservatory and library. It's a palace in the middle of fields speckled white. \"That was Foxsong.\" After a week of living at Foxsong, Augusta slipped out of the house one evening, papers in hand, and set out for the nearby cabin that had been set aside for Mammy and her family. She'd waited the week instead of going straight to Sam when Goodnight had given her the papers, trying to get her feet under her before she said goodbye. Even now that she knew she could be fine on her own, her heart ached at the thought of what she was doing, putting all remnants of her past life behind her. But this was what he wanted, and he'd been a good friend all those years. Augusta hadn't even made it around the house when she skidded to a halt, and Sam backpedaled into the house's overhang from where he'd come out the kitchen door. She gasped, \"Sam! I was coming to find you.\" \"What's wrong? You all right?\" Concern etched over his face as he studied her quickly, his body immediately tensing, and Augusta rolled her eyes. She wished Sam would just relax sometimes. \"I'm fine. I brought you something,\" she said, pressing the papers into his hands. When he hesitated, she nodded, smiling while she tried to hide a grimace. \"Go on, read them.\" Sam did as she said, unfolding the neat, thick papers. His face screwed up as he read the words, and he flipped to the next page, shaking his head, mouth falling open. \"Miss Augusta, what…what is this?\" \"You can go now, take a horse and ride wherever you want. I knew you wouldn't leave without Mammy or Ruth, so their papers are there too.\" Sam shook his head again. \"Miss Augusta, I can't do that.\" \"Yes, you can, Sam. It's all right there, everything you need.\" \"That's not what I mean—\" \"Then what's the problem,\" she huffed, throwing her hands to her hips. Sam was supposed to just take the papers and go, not put up a fight; it would be easier if he just left. \"You can read, you can write, your math is fine. There's nothing stopping you.\" \"Do you really think Ma is going to leave you? Especially now that you're married and starting your own house?\" Augusta recoiled, opening her mouth to speak but closing it sharply when she couldn't think of what to say. Mammy had to go; Sam had to leave because that's what he wanted most in the world, and if Mammy didn't go, then he wouldn't either. \"Well…I don't know, Sam, make her leave.\" A grin finally ghosted over Sam's lips. \"Miss Augusta, I'd rather wear red and go mess with the bull than try to get between Ma and her baby Gussa.\" Lower lip jutting out, Augusta scowled before she could stop herself, not rightly caring that she was pouting like a child when she was supposed to be a grown woman. She knew Sam was right, as always, but that didn't make it any better. This was the whole reason she'd asked her father if they could come with her, and it had all been for nothing. Sam chuckled lowly, a real smile spreading over his face. \"Don't give me that look, Miss Augusta.\" \"This isn't fair. I was trying to do something nice for you.\" Sam hesitated before he put a hand on her shoulder, but Augusta didn't flinch. \"I know it ain't. But I'm beyond grateful for what you've done, and I won't forget this. You're a good woman, Miss Augusta. Mrs. Goodnight Robicheaux,\" he added with a wink. Augusta's scowl melted away; she could never stay mad at Sam. \"Well…keep the papers, and if you decide to leave suddenly in the middle of the night, then at least say goodbye.\" \" Belle-mère, Sacha should be here at any moment. Why don't you sit with them, and I'll have lunch with Beau-père ,\" Augusta said, attempting to give her voice a tone that left no room for argument as she tidied up the room. At first, it seemed like Goodnight's mother would do just that, but after a moment, she rose and crossed to the door, patting Augusta's shoulder as she went, unfocused gaze set in front of her. Augusta shared a look with Mr. Robicheaux. \"Well, now that we have no supervision, how about we—\" Augusta threw back the curtains and then turned to Mr. Robicheaux with a sly grin. \"That's better. It's too pretty of a day not to see the sun.\" \"Tell me what it looks like out there, would you, daughter?\" \"What it looks like? Oh, stars. Let's see. It's one of those days that you just know is sweltering hot, but it's nice nonetheless. The sun is bright enough that the grass looks almost yellow, and there are all these wispy clouds hiding the sky. From here there are one...two...three fat ones. There must not be a breeze whatsoever because the swing in the oak isn't moving a bit.\" Augusta shifted slightly, craning her neck, and then a smile involuntarily crossed her lips. \"Oh! And there's Goody in the north field, riding towards us. He looks so proud up there, back as straight as it can be. Bless his heart, he must be hot with all those clothes. I think he's coming to have lunch with us.\" \"You're perfectly welcome to take your lunch downstairs. You don't have to stay with me.\" Augusta turned in confusion to her father-in-law. She may not have had to stay, but there was no place she'd rather be than with him. It was her duty to look after him, considering how his wife was handling the situation and Goodnight loved him so. \"But I don't mind staying with you at all.\" Though his once-round face was now considerably thinner, and his laughing eyes were sunken back, Mr. Robicheaux's droll mouth turned up in the kind way everyone knew, and he raised his hand from the bed to Augusta. \"Come here, daughter.\" \"I wish you wouldn't call me that. I don't want to upstage Val.\" Augusta crossed the room to sit on the edge of his bed and took his hand. \"Upstage Val. Fiddle-de-dee. You married my son, and you are now my daugh—\" A round of deep coughs shook his shoulders, and when Augusta came back with a glass of water, he was bringing a stained handkerchief from his lips. His hands trembled as he took the glass. \"Thank you, dear.\" \"I'm just repaying the favor,\" she said, and refilled the glass before she sat back down. \"Do you remember that? When you had the cookies with me at the church picnic?\" Mr. Robicheaux had a warm, infectious smile. \"I remember a very upset little girl being denied a cookie by someone with no authority to do so.\" \"Someone with no authority? Oh, you must not have met Oceane then. Otherwise, you'd know she has authority over everything.\" From downstairs, the piano started up with a skill that could only come from Valentine, which meant she had likely seen Sacha coming up the drive and was now attempting to act indifferently while showcasing her talent. They listened in comfortable silence while Valentine's nimble fingers flew up and down the arpeggios, sweetly and more serene than she would ever be—not that she couldn't pretend. Eventually Augusta said, \"You have such musical children, Val with her piano and Goody with his voice.\" \"And you with yours.\" \"I carry a tune, but Goody...his is positively beautiful, though he never wants to use it. He's so frustrating—\" \"There's about six people I can think of off the top of my head who you could be calling frustrating,\" Goodnight said, lounged against the doorframe to his father's room, and he grinned when Augusta and his father whipped around in surprise. \"I should hope I'm not one of them.\" Mr. Robicheaux gave as much of a laugh as he possibly could without triggering a cough. \"Well, son, are your ears burning?\" Augusta had wriggled out of Goodnight's hold and made it through the adjoining boudoir into her room before she was retching over the chamber pot, grappling to hold back her mass of hair. For the past week, she'd woken feeling ill, but this had been the first morning that anything had come of it, and she'd laid in bed so long trying to decide if anything would come of it that she was almost too late. She almost didn't notice the big hands sweeping back the hair from her face, holding it low on her neck. As sweet as the gesture was, she scolded herself for waking Goodnight. \"I didn't mean to wake you.\" \"Well it wasn't one of your more graceful moments,\" he replied, rubbing her back with his free hand. \"Now you go back to bed, and I'll have Mama come check on you when I leave. Can't have you and Daddy sick.\" \"Goody, I'm not…\" she groaned, but she didn't feel like arguing with him, and telling him over the chamber pot while she likely had vomit in her hair was not how she wanted to do it. Instead, Augusta let him help her into her bed. \"If we're being honest, I'd really just like breakfast.\" \"I'll have Mammy bring you something up. Do you need me to get you anything?\" \"Just let me lie here a bit,\" Augusta mumbled, endeared by his concern, but her head was throbbing; for the first time in her life, she wanted him to be quiet. She cracked an eye to find him looking over her with an expression that he might wear if his favorite book had just taken a bath, and she grinned, covering his hand with hers. \"I'm fine, sweetheart, I promise. You go get dressed and let me lie here.\" \"Gus—\" \"Goodnight,\" she insisted gently, knowing it would get his attention, \"I'm fine. Go get dressed. I'll be up in a few moments as well.\" He blinked when she used his full name but took the hint, kissing her temple before he got up. \"I'll be back in a few hours.\" Augusta gave him a soft smile as he left through the boudoir; her sweet, caring husband, sharp as a whip but clueless at the moment. She closed her eyes, hoping it would calm down her head, and yielded to the drowsiness. She was woken next by the sound of her door opening, and when she opened her eyes, her mother-in-law, the beautiful, fair-haired Francine Robicheaux stood over her, something between a smile and a smirk on her lips, her sharp eyes scanning over Augusta, not missing a thing. She pressed her hand to Augusta's forehead after a moment, like it was a second thought, and then put her hands on her hips. In a tone that implied it was more of a formality, she asked, \"You are not sick, are you?\" \"I'm certain that's not what this is,\" Augusta relented with a deep breath. She pushed herself into a sitting position. Her mother-in-law sat down next to her, asking, \"How long? Do you look different?\" \"I feel like I do, but he hasn't said anything.\" Augusta glanced down at herself. She was certain she'd gained weight, and she hadn't been doing anything differently since the wedding except that ; when she really thought about how much she had been doing—what with trying to keep track of not only Goodnight, who was her true duty, but his parents and sister as well—she would have thought she'd be losing weight, but it seemed like every day that she had a harder time tightening her corset. Seeming to be fully aware of her surroundings, Mrs. Robicheaux waved Augusta over to the dressing table and shook out Augusta's hair. For the first time since they'd come home, Augusta watched as her mother-in-law's face broke into a wide smile, and she bit down on her lip. \"This will be good for him.\" When she had Augusta's hair halfway up, she said, \"I just wish whatever you have could meet his granddaddy. Goody never met my daddy, he died in Texas, you know.\" Augusta knew very well that Goodnight's grandfather had fought at Texas, and while she didn't particularly care about hearing about a man he'd never met, she couldn't ignore the look on Mrs. Robicheaux's face. If this was what it took to get Mrs. Robicheaux to like her, then she would listen all day about Goodnight's grandfather. \"No, I didn't know that. How very honorable of him.\" \"That your wife?\" Surrounded by the work song from the fields, Goodnight followed the overseer's gaze towards the house to find a small, lone figure making its way towards them, leaned to one side to balance out the basket in hand. \"Looks like it.\" He tossed his reins to the other man and hopped off his horse. \"What are you doing out here?\" Grinning breathlessly, obviously proud of her trek with the basket, Augusta shifted her basket to the other hand and leaned the opposite way. \"I thought I'd bring you lunch.\" With a surge of adoration and pride, Goodnight pressed a kiss to her temple, taking the basket from her and nearly dropping it, surprised at the weight. He carried it in one hand while he put the other on her back. \"Well, while you're here, this is John March, the overseer. March, this is my wife, Augusta.\" \"How do you do, Mrs. Robicheaux?\" A slight, flighty man with shifty eyes and a mop of dark hair in his face, he tipped his head towards Augusta, rocking in the saddle as his horse pranced. \"Very well, thank you.\" Augusta's smile seemed to have no effect on Marsh, who turned without another word to her. \"Mr. Robicheaux, I'll send your horse up to the house if you'd like me to.\" Offended on Augusta's behalf, Goodnight frowned but nodded once, saying he would be back after lunch. It was then, turning back to Augusta to find her gazing behind him warily, that Goodnight noticed the fields had gone quiet, and he spun on his heel to find all of the workers staring their way, craning their heads this way and that. Faintly whispers of \"the new missus\" floated through the air. Goodnight replaced his hand on her back, urging his wife forward, and the overseer shouted, \"Back to work!\" When they had made it an adequate enough distance, Goodnight dropped his hand to take her own, swinging it between them merrily, thankful she had provided him an escape. He may have been able to talk to anyone and anything, but the overseer, laconic and a bit churlish, did not make for even a good listening companion, and after his slight to Augusta, Goodnight didn't think he'd sign another contract for the man after the year was up. \"What did you think of the overseer, Gus?\" She shrugged noncommittally. \"He wasn't what I would call friendly, but...I don't know him. I wasn't offended, if that's what you're getting at.\" Coming upon a log, Goodnight changed the hold of his hand to help her balance atop it, and he hoped she wouldn't turn to see him grimacing in anxiety that she would slip. But she didn't slip, just danced along in the air beside him, making him more and more nervous as she pranced until her feet were level with his head. \"I'll be able to see up your skirts, Mrs. Robicheaux, if you go any higher.\" \"Heavens,\" Augusta deadpanned in perfect imitation of her sister, cocked eyebrow and everything. Glancing at him playfully from the corner of her eye, she grinned and pivoted towards him, extending her other hand so that he could help her down, which he did, holding her close to him as he spun her in a circle, letting her skirts billow around them. When she was on the ground once more, Goodnight pressed his face close to hers while she murmured, \"How could I ever let you do that?\" \"You're in a mood today.\" \"Promise you won't be mad at me?\" Goodnight shook his head. \"Well, it's highly likely I've gotten out of chaperoning your sister this afternoon for the second time, and while she may not be happy about it, I think I deserve congratulations.\" \"Oh, I see how it is. You don't care about your poor old husband at all, not—\" \"Stop it, you. You know I love you.\" Before she could let her fingers slip from his hands, Goodnight was following along behind her again. \"This was the third time this month that she's told me Sacha was calling and she hoped I'd sit with them.\" \"Third time in a month? Someone is dedicated, all right, near forty miles to the Castex place. But don't let her bully you. She's terrible about that.\" \"I'm not.\" Uncharacteristically harsh, a scowl graced her lips for a moment until she realized what she was doing, and her face softened. More hushed, she said, \"She's not being a bully. I can handle it.\" Knowing she had interpreted his comment to mean his sister would trample over her like Oceane, he dropped her hand and snaked his arm around her waist, pulling her flush against him. \"That's not what I meant. You've seen how selfish and manipulative she can be.\" \"Well I don't think she'll be speaking to me for the rest of the day, but I hope she's learned her lesson. I wouldn't mind chaperoning if she'd ask ahead of time. Besides, it'll do your mama some good to get out of that room.\" They'd come home to find Maxence bedridden and his wife in a stupor, never leaving his side physically but never seeming to be with him. She had proven to be of no use in nursing him, neither had Valentine, and the task had fallen to Mammy and Augusta. Goodnight glanced at his wife, waiting to see if she would elaborate but not wanting to push the subject, and maybe Augusta sensed that because she didn't. They reached the willow, and Goodnight spread the blanket that Augusta had tucked in the top of her basket, sitting down and holding his arms open for her. She settled herself sideways in his lap. \"We haven't been here in so long, not since November,\" Augusta said, leaning her head against his chest. She stayed like that for a while, twining their fingers together lazily, only rolling her eyes when he began pulling pins from her hair. Satisfied by her hair now falling down her back, Goodnight wrapped an arm around her waist to pull her closer, burying his face in her inky ringlets. He knew he should be working, and Augusta knew it too and likely had just as much as he did on her plate, but there was nothing more he'd rather do than sit under the willow with his wife. Something about her quiet presence was calming; if he'd known his father was alive, Goodnight would have insisted they stay in Paris for a while longer, just so they didn't have to come back to the chaos. \"Tell me a secret,\" she asked eventually, his fingers playing in her hair. He had wanted to do this for nearly two years. Now here they were, under his willow tree, lounging away the afternoon, completely wrapped up in each other. \"What do you want to know?\" \"Where did you get your name?\" Goodnight hummed in response and then said, \"Well, darlin', that is a secret.\" \"That's why I asked. We're married and I don't even know.\" \"I'll tell you what,\" he said, reaching around to kiss her cheek, \"when it comes time for us to name something, I'll let you know.\" Twisting in his grip so that she faced him, Augusta's face was suddenly much more solemn. She licked her lips. \"Well, Goody, maybe…maybe that time is a bit closer than you think.\" \"Do what now,\" Goodnight asked, one side of his mouth twitching upwards. \"I'm not sick. That is—I don't have an illness, exactly.\" She shrugged. \"I guess it happened in Paris.\" Goodnight pulled back from her, frowning in confusion. Happened in Paris ? What could have happened in Paris that required them to name something? The only thing that had happened in Paris was... oh . \"Are you—you mean to say you're—you're having—\" \"Well it's not just mine,\" she teased, mirth shining in her eyes, but she grinned like she was waiting for an explosion. A baby, Augusta was going to have a baby. She would have all those tiny little fingers and toes and Augusta's big eyes and cheeks, and they would name her Goodnight Augusta Robicheaux. Augusta would dress her in all the best, frilly little dresses, and he would be like Mr. Evercreech, famous for his beautiful daughter. He'd buy her all kinds of books and send her to a finishing school, and maybe she would love him, but he'd love her, that was for sure. How could he not love having little Augustas running around Foxsong? \"We're parents?\" \"Eventually—\" Goodnight all but tackled Augusta in a kiss. He would be scolded later for missing the blanket and getting grass all in her hair, but he would deal with that as it came. The great, rasping cough which had plagued the house for weeks crescendoed, making the two women cringe. Mrs. Robicheaux covered her mouth with her handkerchief and blinked back tears, turning her head so that she looked out the window and away from her husband. When her father-in-law showed no signs of stopping, Augusta rose to offer him a glass of water, but he waved her away feebly. \"Aug—Augus—\" he gasped. Augusta ran a cold cloth over his forehead, but he took her hands in his. \"Yes, Beau-père ,\" she answered, squeezing his hands gently, hoping her eyes portrayed the confident comfort she was aiming for. Stomach turning—and not from the baby—she swallowed hard, hoping it would rid her of her unease; she did not know where Goodnight was, and she had the worst feeling that he needed to be there. Mr. Robicheaux heaved a shuddering breath. \"Goodnight. Fetch—please. And Valentine.\" \"Of course,\" she said, masking her fear with warmth. Once she was out of sight, she lifted her skirts and broke into a run, making a dash for the kitchens. She had to get to Sam, he always knew what to do. When he saw her coming, he immediately dropped a handful of feathers from where he'd been plucking a chicken and ran to meet her. \"Sam—Sam ride for Valentine. She's at the Verrets' with Minnie. Tell her it's about her father, and it's urgent.\" \"Is he…\" \"Not yet, but he's asking for his children. Sam, what do I do?\" \"Miss Augusta, you go find your husband and get him up to the house. Leave the rest to me. I'll fetch Miss Valentine and Mr. Rubadeau, they'll know what to do.\" Sam was already backing away, headed for the stables, and with that, Augusta hoisted her skirts into her arms again, not caring if Sam saw her pantaloons. \"Upper west field,\" Sam called after her. Between her clothing and the southern heat, the journey between the kitchens and the upper west field seemed like miles, but within minutes, she saw Goodnight sitting atop his horse. \"Goody!\" Turning on his horse, Goodnight searched frantically for the source of her voice. When he saw her, he wasted no time in spurring his horse into action, and Augusta only imagined the panic going through his mind. Without waiting for the horse to halt, he jumped off as soon as he was in front of her. \"Gus, are you all ri—\" \"Fi–fine,\" she panted, strangely aware of how the field had stilled by her presence. \"It's your—father, Goody. He's asking for—you.\" \"Daddy?\" Goodnight asked, voice hollow, face suddenly blanching, and Augusta nodded, biting her lip to keep from tearing up. She couldn't make it worse for him—she wouldn't make it worse. Goodnight moved to help her on the horse, but she shook her head. \"No no, I can't ride now. Just go, I'll be back soon.\" \"I need you, Augusta,\" Goodnight pleaded, sounding for all the world like a scared child. Augusta stepped into his arms as he reached for her and kissed him squarely on the mouth, not caring if the entirety of Foxsong saw them. If this was what he needed, then this was what she would do. She held his face, rubbing her thumbs across his cheekbones. \"Gus…\" She kissed him once more and removed her hands, nudging him towards his horse. \"I'll be there right after you. Go on, sweetheart.\" With one final beseeching look, which gave Augusta the urge to pull him from the saddle and gather him in her arms, Goodnight kicked his horse forward, and Augusta watched him ride across the field. Goodnight had waited for Augusta on the back porch, trying to convince himself to go in without her but needing her by his side. As much as he loved his father, he didn't want to watch him die, and if that meant not being there, part of him was tempted to do just that. He'd known she would want him to be inside already, but when she'd made it back, she hadn't said a word but took his hand. Cheeks flushed and out of breath, Valentine had arrived within an hour and, brushing past the house slaves gathered at the foot of the stairs, hurried to her father's bedside to find her family waiting somberly, and she and her brother had exchanged doleful glances. Leaned against the wall, Goodnight now stood by the window and watched his family. His mother merely sat by his father on the bed and held his hand, listening to whatever wisdom he was bestowing at his end, Valentine kneeled next to her mother on the floor, while Augusta moved back and forth about the room. She would bring him a glass of water when he coughed, sponge off his forehead, then return to Goodnight's side; and despite the situation, he felt a little surge of love and pride for his wife, followed by a wave of guilt at himself for not doing more. At one point, Mr. Robicheaux took her hand when she offered him water. \"We are thankful he found you, daughter.\" Eyes filling with tears, Augusta brought his hand to her lips. \"I am thankful you consider me such.\" \"I hope…I hope he will treat you well.\" All Augusta could do was shake her head, and Mr. Robicheaux held out a hand towards Goodnight, who looked to Augusta as if asking permission. Beckoning him over, Augusta rose to give him a place to sit. He knew it was selfish, but he didn't want to sit down, he didn't want to watch his father die, but somehow he found his feet moving to the bed. Augusta put her hands on his shoulders once he'd sat down, her silent way of telling him she loved him, and Goodnight shot a grateful glance to his wife who always seemed to know just what he needed. \"I'm proud of you, son.\" \"Thank you, Daddy. You taught me well.\" He couldn't sit here and look at his father, eyes sunken into his head, struggling to breath. Goodnight's own breath hitched, and Augusta gave his shoulders a reassuring squeeze to bring him back to where he was. \"Remember what I have taught you. And remember that she will be more precious than jewels.\" Mr. Robicheaux closed his eyes, and his next shuddering breath took too long to draw. \"We are all we have in this life.\" Valentine let loose a sob and buried her face in the bedside, and Mrs. Robicheaux covered her mouth with her handkerchief. As a few tears fell from Goodnight's eyes before he could help himself, he felt Augusta's hands slip from his shoulders, and he turned to find her drawing the curtains. \"Saints of God, come to his aid. Come to meet him, angels of the Lord. Receive his soul and present him to God, the most high,\" she said, voice determined but quivering as she stopped the clock then draped the mirror. \"May Christ who called you take you to himself; may angels lead you to Abraham's side. Give him eternal rest, o Lord, and may your light shine on him forever.\" Turning down the two pictures on the dresser, Augusta finally came back to Goodnight's side and replaced her hand on his shoulders. \"Receive his soul and present him to God, the most high.\" All four Robicheauxes crossed themselves, and when Goodnight buried his face in his hands, Augusta took them in her own to lead him into the hall. \"There was one wonderful result of the funeral, Billy.\" Inevitably, Goodnight has started yapping again, now that Billy was ready to fall asleep, which must mean that Goodnight can't and he doesn't want to be alone. After so many years, that's the only reason Billy can hazard as to why the older man gets so chatty so late at night. Billy doesn't push his hat from his eyes, but to let him know he's listening, mumbles, \"What's that, Goody?\" \"At the docks in Paris, I let Augusta out of my sight for just a moment while I checked on our arrangements, and I came back to find her with a man selling birds. One of the cages had a pair inside, one blue and one green, and she decided that those birds were like us. There she went, turning her eyes up to me, and there I went, pulling out the money. That was the worst decision that I made the entire year. Jesus Christ, Billy, I hated those birds. Damn things never shut up. I called them Anastasie and Oceane behind Augusta's back. \"During the wake, we had to keep their cage covered so they wouldn't squawk.\" On the first night of the wake, Goodnight had decided he'd laid in bed long enough. His mind was moving too fast; it was moving too fast, and he couldn't make heads or tails of any of it. With Augusta asleep, he had no one to help him sort through his thoughts, and as much as he wanted to wake her, he couldn't find it in him, knowing she hadn't slept in over a day, spending much of the night talking with Ames and Mathilde about funeral arrangements. Untangling himself from his wife with a kiss to her temple, he put all his clothes back on except for his boots, which he carried until he'd closed the bedroom door. It had been decided that his sister would sit with their father tonight, to give Goodnight time with his wife since Augusta had spent the past day in New Orleans purchasing mourning clothes. She had left a detailed list of things that needed to be done with Ames and Mathilde, who had stayed overnight at Foxsong, and for the most part, the family had been taken care of. \"You can go,\" he told Valentine when he came into the parlor. \"I'll stay tonight.\" \"What about Augusta?\" Valentine asked, though she was already halfway to the door. \"She's asleep,\" he said, and sprawled out on the vacant sofa. In a way, the parlor was unrecognizable. All of their photographs had been turned over, and the large mirror over the fireplace and the family portrait were draped with black crepe. The grandfather clock in the corner did not produce its usual steady tick, and the blanket over the bird cage kept the infernal creatures quiet. The parlor was unusually cold and hushed, but Goodnight supposed it was fitting. They'd known this day was coming, but that didn't stop him from feeling any less about it. Maxence had been a giant in the community, as was necessary with the Robicheaux name. His enemies were none, but his friends were bountiful; never had he seen his father meet a stranger, nor had he ever let someone who needed help go. He'd funded most of the building of the church and helped the DuBoises back to their feet when their lower field caught fire. He'd been godfather to the entire Jarreau family. He'd been known all around for his soft heart and wise advice. And to his family, he'd been the complete backbone of the Robicheaux clan, a loving husband, and a mentor to his children. How could he ever live up to his father? He could have sat there an hour or just a few minutes when the light of a candle appeared in the hall, then came the soft padding of footsteps, and Augusta leaned on the doorframe. \"Would you prefer me to go back upstairs?\" \"That's your decision,\" he answered quietly, and Augusta's lips twitched. \"You know I'll always choose you,\" she said and padded over to him, settling herself under his arm, head on his chest, though he could see the dark circles forming under her eyes, which had been bloodshot when they went to bed. Goodnight pressed his face into her shoulder, letting her hair tickle his nose, and breathed in her scent for clarity. They'd only spent the day apart, but after they day he'd had, it had felt like a week. \"You were not sleeping well?\" \"My mind is going too fast. Did I wake you?\" \"No, there was an empty spot where you're supposed to be.\" Brushing her thumb over her lips, Augusta hummed softly when Goodnight kissed her fingers. \"Tell me what's on your mind.\" \"Of course there's you. I can't get you off it,\" he teased, wanting partially to lighten the mood and mostly to let her sleep, but Augusta just kept looking at him with those big, lovely doe eyes. \"My daddy was such an influence. He's left these massive footprints, Gus, and I don't know how I can ever fill them. And we're having a baby, and...what do I know about daughters?\" \"Daughters? No, Goody, this is a boy,\" Augusta stated plainly, turning her face up to him just enough that he could see those big green eyes, not a trace of joking in them. \"No, it isn't.\" \"Yes, it is. I know this is a boy, he is inside me, after all. And before you start in again, we are not naming him Goodnight Augustus. End of that story. And we're not naming him Horatio or Iago or Banquo either.\" Goodnight sniffed, \"Well, you're not leaving us many options, are you?\" But they shared a smile, small as it may have been, and Goodnight re-situated himself so that she would be more comfortable. Again he pressed his face into her hair. In less than six months, he'd gotten engaged, been married, discovered he would be a father, and lost his own, and Augusta had been behind him through it all. She had taken everything in stride and done what was needed to get by. \"My daddy used to give the best advice except…he'd tell me that a woman is like a gun. If you take care of her, she's going to shine.\" When he let out a shaky breath, Augusta must have thought he was crying and turned him to look at her, but she found him with his lopsided smile. \"I thought it was good advice at first, but now…I'm not so sure I like having you compared to a gun.\" \"I know where you get your metaphors now.\" Goodnight knew he was getting underfoot, but Augusta was too patient to tell him otherwise. He'd followed her around the entire day, watched while she helped Mammy hem Valentine's dress, and before they'd even made it to lunch, he'd lost count of how many times she had bumped into him. Ames and Mathilde were doing their best to make arrangements, but he figured Augusta needed to keep herself busy, no matter how much Mathilde fussed at her that she was handling things . Now he leaned against the doorframe while Augusta, with only a small space with which to work, hunkered over the table in the back parlor, carefully tying a black ribbon to a yew wreath. Around her wreath, Goodnight's mother and sister had left flowers scattered across the table from where they'd been attempting to make a wreath of their own for the vault before Valentine had fled in tears from the room. Hands on her back, Augusta raised up, her face contorting in discomfort, though she tried to hide it when she noticed he was watching. \"Can I do anything,\" Goodnight asked quietly, wishing he had some way to keep himself occupied, wishing he could be like Augusta and make himself productive. At least then he would stay out of Augusta's way. \"Take this and hang it on the door, please. I'll clean this up, and we can get ready for dinner,\" she said, passing him the wreath, and brushed off her hands. \"You'll do no such thing,\" Mathilde exclaimed, sweeping into the room. Even with the bleak mood of the house, and despite keeping herself in check, she still carried a vibrant energy with her. Like Augusta, Mathilde's hair fell haphazardly from her bun. She flapped her hands at both Augusta and Goodnight, shooing them from the room. \"Augusta Robicheaux, you keep working, and there'll be no reason for me to be here. Goody, you can put that on the door, but you, ma'am, you've done enough for the day. Go lay down before I skin you.\" Goodnight grinned at how Mathilde Verret Rubadeau had suddenly been reduced to a woman with responsibility, and judging from Augusta's hum, she found that part of their situation amusing as well. It was only fitting that the service be held in the church Maxence Robicheaux had built. The church he'd refused to let be named after him. In rows upon dense rows, carriages filled the lawn in front of the church, some of them belonging to families as far as Baton Rouge and Lafayette, and the priest opened the doors and windows to accommodate the crowd, which spilled outside even after they had packed together tightly. The family only realized this when they alighted from their own carriage since Valentine had faced forward for the first time in her life as they'd ridden to the church, not even bothering to peek out of the curtain. Goodnight didn't sing; he couldn't bring himself to do so despite how much his father had loved his voice. He allowed himself a moment to marvel at the number of people who had shown up, and he shook each person's hand who came up to him. Otherwise he kept one arm around Augusta and let her do most of the talking, all the singing, and hoped the day would go by quickly. \"Whoo, that was the last of them. I'll tell you what, that Mrs. Jarreau, she can talk and talk and talk, and you'd never imagine when Olive and Opal are so dumb in both senses of the word. Liked to never have gotten her in the carriage. But you know what? She did complement our painting in the front hall there,\" Augusta chattered from against the porch railing, finally ridding Foxsong of mourners. \"That's because it's a wonderful painting.\" He thought his wife made quite the picture herself, dressed head to toe in black against the bright expanse of the property. She eased her hat off her head, pulling a hairpin with it, and he smiled, close-lipped and gentle with fondness as she closed her eyes in frustration when a chunk of her hair fell too. Picking up the pin with only minor difficulty from her stomach, which she had not grown used to, she held it out to him. \"Can you figure out where it goes?\" Goodnight jerked his head for her to sit next to him on the swing. After a moment's study, he tried to imitate how Mammy had done the rest of her hair, and when he'd taken his hands away, he grimaced. \"I'm afraid I'll need more practice before you let me out into respectable society.\" \"Oh, I don't care what it looks like. Anything to get it off my neck.\" \"I managed that much,\" he said, and she turned in her seat so that she faced him. In the brief moment that they shared a look, Goodnight knew she was reading him fully, understanding everything that was going on inside his mind that he wasn't saying, and he could see her eyes asking him, What do you need from me? He didn't realize when he was taking hold of her hands anymore; it had become another everyday movement when he was with her, like taking his hat off when he went inside or patting his horse's neck when he dismounted. \"Sit with me here, darlin'?\" Augusta settled into the crook of his arm with her back against his chest, and he draped his arm over her shoulders, letting their fingers mingle together. He gently rocked them back and forth with one foot, and pressed his face into her neck, saying, \"It's been a long day.\" \"A bad day?\" He inhaled deeply. They'd placed his father in the western corner of their property, where all the other past masters and mistresses of Foxsong rested in crypts, and the whole ordeal had made everything so final. For months, they'd been playing pretend that Goodnight was in charge and Augusta was the lady of the house, but now…He was never going to be able to ask for his father's advice or hear his sparkling laughter. The torch had been passed to him, and now it was Goodnight's turn to carry the Robicheaux legacy. Palm flat against her head, Goodnight smoothed down her flyaway curls and basked in her form in his arms. She hadn't moved from his side all day, unless it had been to take care of something that had set his mother or sister to tears. \"For what it's been, it hasn't been that bad.\" \"I love you, Goody,\" she sighed, nestling herself further in his grip. \" Jamais je ne t'oublierai,\" he murmured in response. It was nearing dusk when Ames and Mathilde appeared. Judging from how heavy her head had become on his chest, Augusta had long since fallen asleep, but she roused herself when Goodnight shifted. \"We were about to head home. Is there anything we can get you,\" Ames asked, a picture of earnestness, leaning against the side of the house. In all their years of friendship, Goodnight never would have thought Ames would be one to seriously put together a funeral, but sure enough, he had pulled through. Good ol' Ames, indeed. \"No, we'll be fine. Thank you, Ames. You too, Mattie.\" Hand extended, Goodnight rose from the swing, but Ames pulled him into a hug.[Chapter 9] Nothing against Mormons here; I just finished Hell on Wheels (watch it, I dare you) and got a little Bohannon-y with Goodnight. I mean, they were both Southern railroad men. Of sorts. Also, period-typical racial slur ahead. The songs are \"A la claire fontaine\" and \"Lavender Blue\" respectively. Billy: Mid-October 1877 Augusta: January-August 1858. Disclaimer: I don't own Mag7. I do love it and would love to talk about it. Their travels bring them to a town called Genoa in Nevada by the middle of October, their first time back in the state in nearly three years. It's getting a little late in the year, Billy thinks, for them not to keep moving south. Billy isn't one for the snow, though Goodnight can't seem to get enough of it. If there was ever a moment where Goodnight was quiet during the warm months, those moments were few and far between, but they are nothing in comparison to the winter. It's endearing enough. \"Look at us, we're like a flock of goddamned birds, Billy, trying to find some toasty piece of land before our feathers freeze, and now we're stuck with a bunch of Mormons.\" At the moment, Goodnight has nothing decent to say. He's grumbled about Mormons ever since Billy mentioned wintering in Utah, and now that they're in a town that used to be named Mormon Station, he really hasn't stopped. It's something Billy uses for his own personal comedy, knowing that if he mentions anything about Utah or the Mormons, Goodnight will be muttering under his breath for the rest of the day—something from his time with the railroads. The night is decent enough that they don't have to spend the money on a hotel, even though Goodnight insists on the splurge, arguing with Billy who wants to wait until it's absolutely too cold to sleep outdoors; they compromise and wait until the next day to get a room, setting up camp just outside town. They eat the last of their stockpile around the fire and settle back against their saddles afterward, gazing up at the stars. Orion looms above, the only constellation Goodnight had said Augusta could ever find no matter how many times he pointed them out. Billy doesn't tell him it's the only one he can find too. \"'Fifty-seven was a chaotic year, Billy. I got married, Hattie Verret married some fellow from around Lafayette soon after we came home, Daddy died, and Val decided to let Sacha Castex—you remember him, his family threw the ball where Gus nearly killed herself—come seriously calling. And that next January…turned out I was wrong. \"I had a boy. A girl too, though she came a while later. He came that January after my daddy died. Those nine months, Gus and I used to argue about what name to choose. I wanted Goodnight Augusta, but she was not having that. She'd say, 'We're having a boy,' and I'd tell her that was even better, we'd name him Goodnight Augustus. And then she'd say, 'We'll never be able to keep each other straight.' I'd insist that we'd be fine, and she'd just say, 'No.' And that was the end of that conversation.\" Somehow Billy knows that this is a true story, not fabricated at all, and he imagines that his partner would have named his children Goodnight Augustus, Goodnight Augusta, Augustus Goodnight, Augusta Goodnight, and any other combination of their names had his wife let him. Even though he grins, Billy doesn't know how he feels about Goodnight telling him this and thinks he would prefer to think of him just as an ex-soldier haunted by his kills, not as a man who had a home and family. With the latest from Melville going back and forth between her face and lap, Augusta, now quite round, propped herself up in the library's bay window. Goodnight had been attempting to look over the books and accounts, but she had yet to allow him five minutes of silence to do so. \"I thought maybe Mathilde could take Val to the Blanque party with Minnie since your mother and I can't go. It would look terrible for Val not to be there, and you know she won't let one of my sisters chaperone, not that any of them are good. She may as well go alone if Oceane takes her,\" Augusta jabbered, lowering her book once more. Goodnight took a deep breath, wishing he could add just one column without being interrupted. If this was anything close to what he was like, he needed to apologize to every person he'd ever met. But no matter how much she chattered, Goodnight couldn't find it in him to be cross, just sympathetic at her ever-growing nerves. Slowly he turned around in his seat. \"How're you feeling, Gus?\" \"I'm fine, I'm fine,\" she said quickly, and it was all he could do to keep a straight face. Augusta was not close to being anywhere near fine, having pulled the majority of her hair from her braid in the brief time since he had last turned around, eyes rimmed with dark circles. Goodnight could only assume his own eyes looked similar, having been occasionally awoken by Augusta in the middle of the night since the beginning of December, and every night since they'd arrived back in New Orleans. He crossed the room to sit by her, tucking away a few of the wildest curls. His poor, fretful wife; she hadn't complained once though. \"Why don't we go take a nap?\" \"No, you're working, and I'm reading.\" At this, Goodnight did let himself laugh, a short bark that dissipated when she frowned. \"Gus, we are not doing either of those things. You haven't turned a single page since we sat down, and I haven't balanced a single column, so let's go take a nap. You look like you could use it.\" If Goodnight sat in bed any longer, he was going to need another book. He wouldn't complain too much, though, not when Augusta had slept most of the day, and not fitfully as she had been doing, woken by dreams of something going horribly wrong with the baby and then in turn waking him in her panic. He'd lost count of how many nights he'd ended up holding her close and talking lowly until he'd lulled her back to sleep. He turned the page in her book, The Confidence-Man , his Christmas gift to her—after she had carried it upstairs with them, he had taken to reading when he couldn't sleep anymore but didn't want to wake her by getting up—and Augusta shifted next to him. One arm around her, Goodnight rubbed her shoulder and kissed the top of her head, which he was using to prop up her book, but it did no good to soothe her. She shifted again, face contorting in discomfort, and blinked open her eyes. \"My back is really hurting,\" Augusta told him sleepily, eyes shut tightly again. She sucked in a deep breath. \"I'll get you something if you'd like,\" he offered, sliding a ribbon between the pages. By then, his little wife was very round and much less mobile; Goodnight hadn't wanted to bring her to New Orleans, but she'd insisted that they come, arguing that it would be social ruin if Valentine wasn't there, and she wanted to be in the city to have the baby christened. So of course, since Goodnight could never tell her no, they ended up in New Orleans. \"I would like—\" Augusta began, before her eyes sprang open, the size of saucers, and her face drained of all of its color. She all but shot up, knocking her book to the floor. \"MAMMY!\" \"Darlin',\" was all Goodnight managed to get out, and then Mammy came running into the room so fast that Goodnight swore she had hearing like a dog's—or at least when it came to her baby Gussa. \"Mammy!\" Augusta shrieked again, sounding immensely like Oceane and squeezing the pillow next to her so tightly that Goodnight thought she'd put a hole in it. Mammy took one look at Augusta before she shook her head at Goodnight. \"Oh, Lord, Mr. Goodnight, you go get your mama.\" Under normal circumstances, Goodnight would have not hesitated in doing exactly what Augusta's mammy said, but he was still trying to process how Augusta screaming for Mammy led to him needing to find his mother, and why Augusta looked so petrified. He couldn't very well leave to find his mother when his wife was in such a state. \"Gus, darlin', are you alright?\" \"Ba—ba—baby—\" was the only thing Augusta could say between her thick, gasping breaths, and Goodnight's mouth fell open. The baby was coming, his baby, his and Augusta's baby. He'd known for months this was coming, but now that it was here, it didn't feel real. Not to him, at least. To Augusta, it looked as though it felt very real. She clutched tightly at her bodice, twisting it in her grip, and he hadn't seen her face so ashen since the night of the Castex ball two years ago. Her chest heaved up and down rapidly, too fast for comfort, and Goodnight rushed to take her hand and tighten his hold on her. \"Shh, ma vie , I've got you,\" he breathed close to her ear, hoping it was the right way to handle the situation. Mammy's nose flared at Goodnight ignoring her, but all her could do was pet August's hair, not noticing that Mammy was speaking. Gone from Augusta's eyes were all the things he'd come to recognize in his wife, replaced with nothing but pure panic. He pulled her closer to him, fear radiating off her like heat, and Goodnight felt powerless to do anything besides stroke her hair, already dampening with sweat. He turned her head towards him, placing his palms on either side of her face, and kissed where her lips usually were when they weren't pressed together so tightly. \"Augusta, ma vie .\" Augusta relaxed her lips when she felt his, and he leaned his forehead against hers. When she managed one deep, shuddering breath, he opened his eyes to find hers filling with tears. She whispered, \"Oh, Goody...I'm so scared.\" \"Hey, darlin', you'll be fine—\" \"I'm so afraid something will go wrong. You know I've been having all of those nightmares, Goody, and I'm so scared. What if...what if they come true? What if he's dead, or what if he doesn't have all his toes or something? What if—\" \"Oh, darlin', ma vie, those are just dreams. They don't mean a thing,\" Goodnight soothed, swiping his thumb under her eyes as a select few tears escaped. He struggled to think of another time when he had done so, and when he couldn't, he kissed her again, softer, trying to put all his reassurance into it. \"I'm so scared.\" He could believe it, the way her voice trembled, how she clutched at his vest, as if attempting to stop him from going anywhere. \"Goody, please don't leave.\" Goodnight sat stock-still, unable to process what she had just requested. Men didn't stay with their wives during labor…did they? And if they did, what were they supposed to do? He could vaguely recall squatting in the parlor with his hands over his ears but still hearing his mother scream when Valentine was born before a maid had realized he was in the house and shooed him out. If that was how Augusta would react, he didn't want to be in the same room, having to watch her. But since his father hadn't stayed with his mother and he'd already made Mammy angry, Goodnight doubted he would be able to stay. In the hall, Mammy rushed into the room with a pile of towels, and his mother shouted for Valentine. When he didn't answer, Augusta pulled on his vest. \"Goody…\" \"Gus, you know Mammy won't allow that,\" he said, hoping he wouldn't face Augusta's full wrath if he mentioned Mammy. Her lip began to quiver, and it was all he could do to pry her fingers from his clothes as he tried to face her on the bed. \"No, no, Gus, listen. Listen, darlin'. I will be right here until she pulls me away, and I will be right here the moment that door opens again.\" With his handkerchief, he dabbed at her forehead, kissing the faint white scar from the Castex ball. Augusta pressed even closer into his side, but all he could do was wipe away her perspiration and kiss her, afraid to move to even fetch her a glass of water. Goodnight ran his lips up and down her jaw and kept his face by her ear. \" À la claire fontaine m'en allant promener ,\" he began quietly. As he sang, Augusta slowly loosened her grip on his vest enough that he could entwine their fingers together, and her breathing calmed, though her chest still rose and fell heavily. She crushed his fingers every so often, though Goodnight assumed that was more from fear than pain. When he reached the refrain, he tilted her chin up so that she looked him in the eye. \"Sing with me.\" \" Il y a longtemps que je t'aime ,\" she quivered with him, \" jamais je ne t'oublierai.\" \"Goody,\" Augusta murmured after a long pause when the song concluded, head on his shoulder, eyes closed. \"If I die—\" \"Don't say that,\" Goodnight chided automatically, but Augusta shook her head. \"Listen, if I die, then under no circumstance are you allowed to name this child Goodnight Augusta, or Goodnight Augustus, or any combination of those names. I am Augusta, and you're Goodnight, and we're the only Goodnight and Augusta that the world needs.\" While Goodnight laughed, glad that she had finally calmed down enough for humor, Augusta's face screwed up again, and she whimpered, turning his fingers white beneath her grip. He grimaced but teased, \"Don't you worry, darlin'. I think Ames or Oceane Robicheaux have better rings to them.\" \"I declare, Goodnight Robicheaux, if you do that, I will haunt you all your life.\" Eventually his mother came into the room, and outside, Mammy told Sam to keep him calm and out of the way. Goodnight knew their time was up. With a final kiss, he dabbed at her forehead one last time and swiped his thumbs over her cheeks. \" Il y a longtemps que je t'aime ,\" he murmured, which she whispered back. It wasn't until he stepped into the hallway, door closing behind him, and stood in front of Sam that the weight of the situation hit him. The color draining from his face, he stared at Sam as the contents in his stomach threatened to betray him. \"My Lord. Gus is having a baby.\" In response, Sam merely smirked and said, \"We've got some of that good whiskey you like in the kitchen.\" \"When you read Homer, Billy, there's never any mention of the color blue. Did you know that?\" Billy shoots him a look that says, Are you really asking me that question? Like he even knows who Homer is. \"Well. Homer calls the sky white, and the sea is 'wine-dark.' And maybe I've been looking at the wrong seas, but as far as I know, the water is blue, maybe black in a storm, and the daytime sky is blue. Clouds are white, but the sky? It's blue. And do you know why he never mentions blue?\" \"He didn't like it.\" With an eye roll, Goodnight says, \"No, Billy. The Greeks never had a word for it. And that's what it's like to see your child for the first time. You can get relatively close when you describe it, but not exact.\" More bashful than he'd been since he was attending his first ball, Goodnight stood in the doorway and licked his lips, twisting his hat fretfully in his hands. Augusta laid on the bed, propped up by more pillows than Goodnight realized they'd owned with her hair fanned out on them, pale and dark-eyed but beaming as brightly as she had on their wedding day. In her arms, she cuddled a swaddled bundle. \"He's slightly ugly and smells a little funny, but I have to say that I absolutely adore him.\" When he didn't move, she whispered, \"Come see him.\" \"He?\" That meant Augusta had been right. They had a boy, his wife was holding their son, that was his boy in her arms, and he couldn't decide whether he wanted to rush over, or if he was too nervous to even peek at him; whatever he felt, his legs didn't respond when she waved him over. He could only ask, \"Does he look like you?\" Glancing up at him from beneath her lashes, Augusta pursed her lips as she tried to hold back a smile. \"I just called him slightly ugly, Goody. If I were you, I'd tread lightly. Now come here.\" Augusta waved him over again, and, feet like lead, he shuffled over and took a seat on the edge of the bed next to her. When she held out her arms, Goodnight started to shake his head that no, he could not, under any circumstances, be allowed to hold the bundle, lest he do it wrong or drop him—the only baby he'd ever held was Valentine nearly seventeen years ago—but Augusta insisted on settling him in her arms, and the baby pressed closer to his chest. \"He's…wrinkled.\" And tiny and red with a head full of straw-colored hair, and he did smell funny, but he was awe-inspiring. Goodnight moved the blanket just enough that his little hands peeked out, little hands with the tiniest fingers he'd ever seen, and for some reason he couldn't explain, there was a wave of relief that all five were there. For once, Goodnight didn't have the words to express everything he was thinking. His wife had given him… this. This was the one thing that was completely and totally theirs. Glad he wasn't facing her, his eyes prickled, but Augusta noticed anyway. She laid her head on his shoulder. \"I was thinking Beau.\" \"Beau,\" he asked, finally glancing at her again, using his shoulder to dry his cheek. She didn't have to speak to explain. Beau-pére , beau-mére . Beau for his father. \"I prayed more during the war than I've ever prayed in my entire life. But when Gus had fallen asleep and Mammy had taken Beau from me, I went to our room, and I knelt at our bedside, and bowed my head. I prayed, 'Lord God Almighty, my son and my wife, ma vie and mon soleil, please keep them in your hands. Please, let me get this right, let me do right by them.' \"There are so many things they don't tell you about marriage. Not the unreasonable sorrow from untangling yourself from your wife every morning when you rise and leave her in bed, or how she will never be more beautiful than when she's disheveled after giving you a child. \"And he was Sunday's child, bonnie and blithe and good and gay. Sometimes I'd look at him, laughing away without a care in the world no matter the situation, and I'd tease Augusta that maybe he was Ames's. But he proved he was my son. We named him Beauregard Evercreech Robicheaux, but for a few weeks there, I thought we'd end up calling him Goodnight as well.\" \"He was a good boy, though. Happiest child you ever did see, never cried past his colicky phase unless he scared himself. He'd run right through the prickle bushes without a single tear, but one time—\" Goodnight chuckles at himself. \"This one time, when he was old enough to go up and down the stairs but not to the point where he was very good at it, he took a bit of a spill. We weren't sure if it was because of his skill or if the dog got under him, but he went tumbling down a good ten steps. I don't know what scared me more, his fall or Augusta's shriek, and I can't think of a moment where she moved faster. But I'll tell you what, he didn't have a thing wrong with him, not even a bruise, just the living daylights scared out of him.\" It's fitting, Billy thinks, that Goodnight's son would have been that tough, judging from how his father is. \"We came as soon as we heard,\" Mathilde gushed from the foyer the moment he came into sight, clapping her hand and muff together and hopping from foot to foot. \"So tell us everything!\" \"Shhh,\" Goodnight hissed, coming down the stairs, surprised they were there. \"If you wake either one of them, Mammy will have your heads.\" \"Is it a girl or boy?\" Mathilde insisted, tugging on his vest when he reached them, while next to her, Ames laughed, \"Goodnight Robicheaux, you sonovabitch, just look at your smile.\" \"I thought you two were supposed to be at the opera.\" They were dressed as though they had been going, Ames's silk tie and top hat askew, Mathilde in a fine trailing ball gown and ermine furs, one hand hidden in her muff while the free one shook Goodnight's vest like the information would fall out if she tried hard enough. \"We were, but we'd hoped you and Val might show up. We—\" \"We had to ask Salome where you were,\" Mathilde snarled, and Goodnight chuckled, feeling like he should defend his sister-in-law but understanding where Mathilde was coming from. Perhaps it was because Augusta liked her, but somehow Salome had grown on him, no matter how she had snubbed his Parisian bonnet. \"No wonder we haven't seen you though! Oh, I can't believe we haven't come to check on you two, some friends we are.\" \"It just happened last night. I haven't been out because Gus couldn't go out, and I hate to leave her cooped up here alone with Val and my mama.\" Knowing he couldn't keep them in the foyer, not with how loud they both could be, Goodnight jerked his head for them to follow him downstairs to the kitchen where their supply of alcohol was kept. Sam and Ruth were taking their dinner at the kitchen table, and they both stood when Goodnight and his guests came down the stairs, Ruth ducking her head and skimping out of the room immediately, muttering something about checking on Miss Augusta. Sam began to follow, but Goodnight waved his hand. If they were celebrating with close friends, it was only fitting that Sam join as well; that, and Goodnight couldn't deny that there was something noble, if not stupid, that Sam had stayed—not that Augusta hadn't been tickled pink to have him around still. \"Have a drink with us, Sam. If you get Miss Mattie here some wine, I'll find us something with a bit more potency.\" Sam hesitated, looking just as uncomfortable as Ames and Mathilde, who exchanged glances and uncertain snarls with one another, but when Goodnight gathered the whiskey tumblers, Sam went to the wine rack as he was told. \"Go on you two, have a seat. We're celebrating again, Sam.\" \"Jesus, Goody, you're going to let this nigger have drinks with us? At the same table,\" Ames scoffed, obviously slightly offended. Goodnight, already seated at the table and ready to pour his second glass of whiskey, glanced up with hard eyes, doing a complete turnaround from how joyful he'd been only a moment ago. \"Ames, this here is Augusta's long-time friend Sam. You'll do well to remember that.\" For a long, tense moment, Ames stared his friend down, Mathilde looking back and forth between her husband and Goodnight. Eventually Ames shrugged; there was a reason why he'd never given up whiskey for Lent. \"Ah hell. Your baby, your party. So, do we have a godson or goddaughter?\" \"You'll have to take that up with Augusta as to your relationship with our son.\" Mathilde squealed, clapping her hands again. \"Oh, tell us everything! Is he beautiful? What will you name him? And Aggie, how is she? May we see them?\" Goodnight downed his glass, and with a smile, Sam poured him another; they'd already gone through this process the night before. \"Well, we'd thought we'd name him Beau, and as Gus said—and rightly so—he's slightly ugly, but they grow out of that… Gus was terrified when it all started, but she's fine now, real tired though. She was sleeping when I came down. Lord knows she deserves it after these past couple of months.\" Ames nodded solemnly in agreement but said, \"We are the godparents, though, right? Come on, Goody, you can't take this away from us.\" With a sly look to Sam, Goodnight shrugged. \"You'll have to take that up with Augusta. I think she wanted to ask Salome.\" Uttering those words was worth it to see Mathilde's nose flare. The first two weeks went smoothly. After that...Goodnight thought he'd rather listen to Augusta's goddamn birds than the screaming. \"This is my retribution,\" Goodnight moaned, bouncing his red-faced son in his arms while his mother and sister looked on with a mix of pity and something else he didn't quite want to name. \"The Fates have a way of paying you back.\" \"What are you muttering about,\" Valentine griped, frowning magnificently over her magazine. \"I declare, you shut up just about as much as he does.\" \"Val, why don't you try to hush him,\" their mother offered—anything to try her daughter's maternal instinct, which had yet to rear its head. \"No, I don't like him,\" she insisted, pressing back into the sofa like Goodnight might scald her at any moment with the baby. \"Valentine!\" their mother gasped, aghast. \"Well it's true. I don't like him, or any other baby for that matter. I'm not having children when I get married.\" \"Yeah, you see how well that goes over with Sacha.\" His words made Valentine's face redden, though it could have been more from embarrassment than fury; Sacha Castex hadn't actually proposed yet. \"Why isn't your wife doing this? At least then he'd be upstairs.\" Valentine buried her face back in her magazine, obviously unable to think of a good enough retort. As much as he wanted to pawn off the wailing on Augusta, she'd endured it the entire night and the day before, and even though she hadn't complained once, her bloodshot eyes were guilting him. He'd taken their colicky baby in an attempt to let her rest, but something told him that Beau was echoing all the way upstairs. Catching his mother's eye, he noticed she had the faintest grin on her face, a rare commodity recently. Since his father had passed away, she'd drifted about, lost, not knowing what to do with herself, but Beau had given her a new task, a new way to occupy her time. \"You were just like that,\" she whispered. \"There aren't enough apologies in the world for this, Mama.\" \"Give him to me, and I'll take him to Mammy. You look like you could use the sleep as much as Augusta. Men never could deal with this as well.\" Not bothering to hide his relief, Goodnight passed Beau to his mother and made a beeline for the stairs before she could come to her senses. After nearly a year, Goodnight had become incredibly adroit at not disturbing his wife while he got in and out of bed. He was completely prepared to slip inside, having already taken off his boots outside the door, but when he opened the door, Augusta's tired eyes met him. She blinked slowly and asked, \"Did he finally go to sleep?\" \"Mama took him downstairs,\" Goodnight sighed, flopping onto the space next to her. Without waiting for him to be fully settled, Augusta scooted closer and fixed herself at his side, head on his chest. Goodnight attempted to smooth her curls, and Augusta, throwing an arm across his chest, laced their fingers together. \"Goody,\" she said quietly, a little slurred, after a moment. \"Yes, Gus?\" \"I've waited a respectable amount of time before I brought this up again,\" Augusta mumbled matter-of-factly, and Goodnight grinned into her hair. \"Now I was named Augusta because I was born in August and I suppose my mother ran out of originality after naming my sisters, and Valentine got her name because she was born on Saint Valentine's day, but how did you get your name? Goodnight rubbed his hands over his face, wishing there was a better explanation to how he became Goodnight. He sighed, \"Oh, Lord…I promised I'd tell you, didn't I? I guess you could say I got it by acting like Beau.\" \"How do you mean?\" Augusta touched her cold toes to his shins, and Goodnight could feel their chill through his stockings. Or maybe he was so used to feeling her toes on his bare legs that he knew they were cold. He raised a leg to let her press her feet between them. \"Well, once upon a time, many, many years ago, my mama and daddy were in the very same predicament as us. They had a tiny little sprout who hollered and hollered his head off from the time he was born, and after about two weeks, my daddy said, 'Go-od night, Franny, we're never going to have a peaceful evening again, are we?' And from then on, every evening, he'd say to the little sprout, 'Good night. Please?' \"Sometime between then and my christening, I went from being a Francis to Goodnight.\" Tilting her head just enough to peek up at him from beneath her lashes, Augusta searched his face for any sign of trickery. But Goodnight did not possess quite the same mastery of weaving yarns as she, and obviously finding no deception in his features, she hummed quietly and turned over onto her other side, pulling Goodnight with her so that he was forced to mold his body to hers. \"So you've never been a quiet person. I should have known,\" Augusta managed through a yawn. When Augusta's bedroom door opened, she expected it to be Goodnight, though why he'd enter that way was beside her, but she hoped it would be a pleasant surprise to have Valentine closing the door behind her. Valentine had proven to be perfectly friendly when it suited her, such as when she needed a chaperone or was in dire need of conversation; other than that, she left Augusta alone. \"Is something the matter,\" Augusta asked, noticing Valentine's hurried manner. Normally Valentine moved like every step was a dance, graceful and floating through the air, head high enough to reflect her family name but not so high as to be considered haughty, but now she frowned, arms drawn closely to her. Making herself right at home, Valentine sat down on Augusta's bed, legs crossed and mouth pressed in a thin line. She wadded the sheets in her hands. \"Can I talk to you?\" Augusta only nodded, not sure how to handle this serious Valentine. \"I think Sacha is going to propose. Actually, that's not true. I know he is, so long as Goody lets him,\" Valentine said finally, releasing a heavy sigh. She looked at Augusta with the same sharp blue eyes as her brother. Augusta tried to read those familiar eyes like she did with Goodnight, wondering if Sacha's proposal was a good thing or not, but Valentine was not as easy as her brother. She took a shot in the dark, \"And you want me to persuade him to do so?\" \"That's just it—I don't know! On one hand, I can't marry beneath me, but on the other, I've blocked out most of my other suitors. Can you imagine me being an old maid,\" Valentine huffed, rolling her eyes, but her brow was arched in a way that suggested genuine worry. \"I'd have to start all over again if I truly said no. I'm already seventeen.\" \"Well I was nineteen when Goody and I got married,\" Augusta chuckled; maybe she was an old maid in Valentine's eyes. She placed her hand on Valentine's, trying both to get her to release the sheets and ease her worry. \"Do you feel like he's beneath you?\" \"I feel like he's the closest to our status that I'll get around here. He's nice,\" Valentine conceded with a shrug after a beat. \"If you don't feel like he's beneath you, then he isn't,\" Augusta told her, but she felt her lips involuntarily turn down. While prominent members of the community, Augusta's family was not as wealthy as Goodnight's by any means. She had tried to tell herself that no one they knew was as wealthy as the Robicheauxes, but the thought didn't bring much comfort. \"How did you know to marry Goody,\" Valentine asked suddenly. Surprised by the question, Augusta searched Valentine's face for any sign of dishonesty, but finding none, she tried to think of an answer. \"Well,\" Augusta thought, shaking her head. \"We just…got along. He was handsome and charming, and he made me laugh. He made me feel like my thoughts were valid. I loved him, and he loved me, and I knew he would take care of me. But Val…I can't tell you what to do, but if you think it's a good decision, I can put my two cents in with your brother. If not, I'll put my two cents in for that too.\" \"He spoils you,\" Valentine quipped, but she smirked in a way that said she didn't mean any harm. \"Yes he does,\" Augusta agreed, sharing a smile with Valentine. She wished Goodnight's sister could always be like this; this is what sisters were supposed to be like. And then she hoped that, since Valentine was in a rare, kind mood, maybe she would answer Augusta's own question. \"Val, be honest. Does anyone think Goodnight married beneath him?\" \"With you? Lord no! He struck gold with you. He would have driven anyone else insane,\" Valentine snorted, tossing her pretty blonde head, and having amused herself, smiled before she sobered. She took a deep breath. \"Augusta…I'm glad he chose you.\" Well butter me up and call me a biscuit, Augusta thought as her head spun, and she wondered if the world was ending. Sure, Valentine could be sweet when she chose, but that was downright saccharine for her. Augusta floundered for a moment while she tried to collect herself, but Valentine spoke again. \"I mean it. It was good for all of us having you the past few months. And even if that brat of yours did steal the limelight from my birthday, Goody needed him, and so did Mama.\" \"He won't colic forever,\" Augusta defended, perfectly guilty that Valentine's birthday had been overshadowed by a wailing baby. With Beau so young and fussy, they hadn't been able to throw a ball, but Mrs. Robicheaux had taken Valentine to find a new dress for Fat Tuesday and they'd had a smoked ham for dinner, which pacified Valentine enough. A sharp retort seemed poised on Valentine's tongue, but thankfully Augusta was saved from it by her door opening again. Goodnight jumped when he saw Valentine, and he stammered an apologetic excuse while he tried to leave. Valentine rolled her eyes; the resemblance of a cat catching a mouse reappeared. \"Just come in, Goody, I'm leaving anyway. Honestly . It's not a secret you can't act like normal human beings and sleep in your own beds, you know. You aren't fooling anyone.\" \" Lavender's blue, dilly dilly, lavender's green, When you are King, dilly dilly, I'll be your queen, Close we will live, dilly dilly, and when we die, Both in one grave, dilly dilly, close we will lie, If I die first, dilly dilly, and that may be, You must live on, dilly dilly, thinking of me. If you die first, dilly dilly, maybe you will, I will live on, dilly dilly, loving you still.\" It was the most beautiful sight he'd ever seen. Long curls cascading freely down her back, Augusta moved slowly around the room, barefoot even in the winter's chill, bouncing Beau oh so gently in her arms with an expression of complete and utter serenity on her face. All felt so perfectly clear; this was the stuff of poets, what every eloquent word had been written about. This was what Goodnight had been put on the earth to do, to take care the little woman and the flesh of their souls. If Augusta noticed him, she gave no indication but continued with her song. One of Beau's flailing fists caught a strand of her hair, but the smile on her lips said she didn't mind him pulling one bit. Alerted by an ear-piercing screech, Goodnight and Augusta only had time enough to realize what was happening before Hattie, now Hattie Petipas instead of Hattie Verret, hurled herself through the crowd, pushing Goodnight out of the way, and latched onto Augusta's neck. \"I haven't seen you in ages,\" Hattie anguished, rocking them back and forth, and Augusta merely laughed, returning the hug tightly. Not long after they had returned from Paris, Hattie had married in June to a man named Louis Petipas from Lafayette, someone she hadn't known longer than the past Mardi Gras season. But he'd had an exquisite estate, and Hattie had jumped on the chance. \"I've missed you too,\" Augusta said before she pried off Hattie. Breathless and overjoyed, Hattie brushed blond curls from her face and motioned for Augusta to spin. In honor of Fat Tuesday, Goodnight had returned home that morning, much to Augusta's delighted disproval, from the dress shop and Adler's with a magnificent damask-printed ball gown and matching amethyst choker, insisting that it was tradition for her to have a new dress. When she wasn't fully appeased by that, he'd told her that it was so she could make a statement as her first time hosting. \"Just look at you, decked from head to toe in jewels and in another new dress. I don't know how you can keep your head up with that stone. Can you dress her up anymore, Goodnight?\" \"If only she'd let me,\" Goodnight said, earning an eye roll from Augusta. \"She's not your plaything, Goodnight, and if you're not decent to her, I'll hang you from your toes, I swear I will,\" Hattie scolded, but her lips faltered out of her scowl just enough to let him know she was mostly teasing. When she couldn't keep her unhappy face any longer, she swatted at Goodnight's arm and turned her back to him. \"Well, I guess every woman here will be wearing amethysts around her neck and her hair twisted like the Mrs. Goodnight Robicheaux's on Sunday, making their husbands match them, won't they? You lucky things.\" \"Don't be silly, Hattie, no one will want to take after me—\" \"No one will be able to afford it. Good lord, Goodnight, was this thing really necessary,\" Mathilde asked, picking up the massive amethyst hanging around Augusta's neck. She shook her head. \"You're corrupting her, you peacock. Whatever happened to my sweet, unobtrusive little Aggie?\" Without giving Goodnight time to answer, Mathilde shook her finger in his face. \"I'll tell you what happened to her—you married her.\" \"As my memory serves, you were quite in favor of our relationship, Hattie,\" Goodnight told her. \"That was before I knew what you would do. Look, you've turned her into something positively de-vine. What do you think she is, a queen?\" \"My queen,\" Goodnight teased, just to watch Augusta blush and Hattie snarl her nose. \"You two are sickening.\" Goodnight opened his mouth to respond, but Augusta placed her hand on his arm, stepping partially between Hattie and him. She gave him a cautioning look. \"Hattie, why don't you introduce us to Louis? We barely had time to make acquaintances at your wedding.\" \"Introduce you? Good lord, no! I was escaping from him when I saw you. You can introduce me to this sweet baby of yours, though. Ames and Mattie won't shut up about him, so I have high expectations.\" Goodnight watched as sympathy passed over Augusta's face, followed by guilt, emotions he knew after having seen the same ones expressed whenever they spoke about Hattie. Occasionally the twin wrote to Augusta, never with anything pleasant to say about her new husband. While Augusta fussed about Hattie marrying a man she had no interest in whatsoever but whose house was the most beautiful of her suitors, she had yet to do it with a guiltless face. Goodnight could only assume that, after the twins had been instrumental in her own betrothal, she felt guilty that she was the one in the happy marriage, but Mathilde had no children and Hattie hated her husband. Augusta was funny like that. But Augusta brushed it off and asked if Goodnight would be fine if she quickly took Hattie downstairs to see Beau. \"Gus, the ball will not crash if you step away for a moment. I really can do a few things without you,\" he teased, and Augusta rolled her eyes but linked arms with Hattie. They'd returned home after Easter with Valentine engaged and a new baby. Valentine picked a day once a week to drive everyone up the wall with wedding preparations, but now he'd passed through his colic, the only sounds Beau, no longer pink or wrinkled, made were contented coos and laughs. Goodnight spent his days keeping the fields running with his new overseer, a much more pleasant man than March had been, while Augusta, with Beau always on her hip, tried her best to keep the house going and his mother and sister from throttling each other. In the evenings, the five Robicheauxes gathered in the parlor for Valentine to play the piano or Augusta to read, leaving Goodnight free to wallow in the floor with Beau. Life was good at Foxsong. When he heard Augusta stirring, Goodnight knew he had not been as successful at disentangling himself from his wife as most mornings. He was buttoning his pants when she rolled onto her back and regarded him through sleepy, half-opened eyes. \"What's on your agenda today, Gus?\" Augusta rubbed her face, and when she brought her hands down, she'd somehow managed to wipe away the sleep. \"Well, I was going to do a reading lesson and see how the one in the accident is doing before breakfast, and I have to get the cake made for the picnic on tomorrow. I need to check on Mathilde, she wasn't feeling well the last I heard. Oh—and we have to get Valentine's trousseau fitted before she drives your mother to murder.\" \"I don't hear my name in that schedule,\" Goodnight sighed, abandoning his dressing and crawling back in bed with his wife. Augusta was much better about waking up than he was, but even she seemed to have no interest in rousing herself today. \"We can take a walk this evening, perhaps read a book. And you know your name is synonymous with lunch,\" she murmured into his chest, throwing one leg over his, working to undo his careful untangling. On the western part of the Robicheaux property, before Louisiana had been sold to the United States, Goodnight's great-great-grandfather had built the mill and slave quarters, hidden behind a line of trees so that the less-glamorous inner workings of Foxsong would be invisible to its residents and guests. Goodnight preferred to spend his time among the fields and not the village, but no matter how much he didn't want to visit, he still made the ride out there, toting Augusta's horse behind him. Surrounded by a horde of children, Augusta was seated on her blanket in front of the kitchens at the far end of the cabins. A sore thumb with his fair hair and skin, Beau gnawed happily on the watch hanging around her neck, and the two were engaged in a cycle of Augusta, not looking down, pulling it from his mouth before he picked it up again, which ended when she finally tossed behind her and replaced it with her finger in Beau's mouth. Her blackboard beside her, she pointed to the different words she had written, and whatever the children were saying made her smile radiantly, nodding her head enthusiastically. Goodnight couldn't keep his own grin from his lips as he watched them. Beau, not interested in the least with Augusta's lesson, caught sight of Goodnight first and flapped his chubby little hands excitedly. Augusta tried to calm him by rubbing her hand over his wild tufts of dark blond curls; Beau may have taken most of his looks from Goodnight, but Augusta's curls hadn't missed him. His fingers furling and unfurling in a pantomime of what they did before they picked him up, Augusta finally turned away from her lesson to see Goodnight ride up. She shielded her eyes with her hand. \"Pardon me,\" he said to the group of children, who all ducked their heads, \"but I'd like a word with the schoolmarm, if you wouldn't mind.\" \"Have I missed lunch? I'm not sure my watch is working after Beau got ahold of it.\" Her easy expression melted away when she saw his apprehension. \"Is something the matter?\" \"It's Ames. He sent a message over just now asking if we'd come, something about Mathilde.\" \"I-I didn't know who to send for,\" Ames, waiting for them on the porch, babbled when they were close enough to hear, and Goodnight understood exactly what he meant; no one ever knew who to send for when they needed help. Unlike Foxsong, Aurore had only two floors, with the kitchens taking up the bottom one and the family living in the top; a double-staircase led to the main entrance, hiding the slave entrance below, and the entire house was surrounded by a porch. Instead of white, like most homes in the area were, Aurore had been painted a magnificent shade of yellow, complete with bright blue shutters and white trim, and under most circumstances, Goodnight thought it fitting that Ames lived in such a sunny home. At the moment, however, his friend was anything but sunny, his clothing wrinkled and his face sporting stubble. \"Shit, I haven't—ah hell, I don't even know,\" he continued, and Goodnight and Augusta exchanged a worried glance; Goodnight had always imagined that the world could be ending but Ames would be laughing away and asking where his drink was. But here he was, coming apart at the seams, and what a frightening picture it made. Goodnight's horse hadn't even completely stopped before he'd hopped off and was moving to help Augusta down. \"Keep him calm, and I'll check on Mattie,\" she whispered to him as he put her on the ground. Ames met them halfway down the steps, arms outstretched, still babbling incoherently, and Augusta took his hands in hers when she reached him. \"Now Ames, I want you to take a breath and tell me what's going on.\" Ames only followed half of her request. \"It's Mattie. She...I guess she got sick or something, but they haven't let me see her.\" Bringing forth a surge of pride from Goodnight, Augusta patted Ames's cheek and smiled warmly. \"Ames, here's what's going to happen. You're going to take a deep breath because you've yet to do that, and then you're going to pour some drink, and I'll look in on your wife.\" Aurore's somber housekeeper led Augusta down the long hall to Mathilde, and Augusta's heart dropped with every step. She hadn't known Ames very well before he'd decided he wanted her to marry Goodnight, but she knew he was always bright. In the past two years, she'd taken to frequenting Aurore and learned Ames kept as merry a house as he kept merry of spirits. But now the house exuded gloom, and she rapped on Mathilde's door with more hesitation than she'd ever known. Without permission, she pushed back the door just enough to peek into the room. Her fair hair in a nappy braid and doing nothing to give off the familiar cheery air that always surrounded her, Mathilde was propped up on pillows, eyes swollen and rimmed in red. She'd always had a leaner face than her twin and an easier disposition, and Augusta had never known her face to be swollen and tear-streaked. \"Oh. It's you,\" Mathilde whispered in a hoarse voice, and promptly turned her face away. \"Mathilde,\" Augusta said, immediately at the bedside, \"tell me what's wrong, please.\" \"I don't want to talk to you, Augusta. I don't want to talk to anyone,\" Mathilde sobbed, erupting into tears, burying her face in a handful of sheets. Augusta glanced to the door, hoping that maybe Ames—or anyone—would come to her aid, but when it didn't open, she tried to steel herself. A distressed Mathilde was not in her realm of expertise. \"Well, then, let's sit here and cry.\" This earned a choked laugh from Mathilde, who turned one eye towards her friend. \"You never cry.\" Not true , Augusta almost said, but she stopped herself when she realized Mathilde would never believe her. She squeezed herself into the space next to Mathilde and pulled her friend to her. \"What happened?\" \"I lost it,\" Mathilde whispered. \"I hadn't told Ames yet because I was so scared this would happen, we'd been married for so long.\" Augusta mulled over what Mathilde had said before she understood. She had thought she was coming over to nurse her ill friend, not comfort her after a tragedy, and she felt highly unprepared to say the least. \"Oh. Mattie...you poor thing. Mattie, I'm so sorry.\" Mathilde launched into a new round of tears, clutching Augusta to her as she buried her face in Augusta's chest, and Augusta stroked her disheveled braid. \"He'll leave me, Augusta. This proves I can't have children. When he finds out, he'll leave me, I just know it,\" she sobbed, frighteningly close to hysterics. Augusta reeled back in surprise, snarling before she realized it. \"Mathilde Rubadeau, how could you ever say such a thing?\" If Mathilde hadn't seemed so serious, Augusta thought she would probably laugh. Ames would leave her, indeed . Ames would read the entire Robicheaux library before he even considered hosting the idea of leaving Mathilde. It had been an unspoken, unanimous decision that there hadn't been another couple in the three surrounding parishes who had been better suited to each other, and while Ames may have taken his time in proposing, there had never been a doubt in anyone's mind that he would do it. After Mathilde had made her debut and been introduced to Ames that night, no other gentleman had bothered to compete. \"I can't do my job. He's not going to want me,\" Mathilde insisted, shaking her head and tugging Augusta back to her. \"Mathilde, don't be silly. Ames adores you, and he's not going to leave you. Why else do you think he would let you run him wild? You should see him right now, all ragged with worry. He loves you.\" Augusta pried Mathilde from her dress and wiped Mathilde's eyes with her handkerchief. Her poor, beautiful friend, much more a sister than any of her blood ones. \"Now, here's what we're going to do. I'm going to comb your hair and put it in a fresh braid, and then I'm going to go get Ames—\" \"Augusta—\" \"Listen to me,\" Augusta said firmly, cupping Mathilde's cheek. \"You have to tell Ames. This is...this is nothing short of a tragedy, and he deserves to know. He's your husband, he's the only one who can make it right.\" Mathilde's lip quivered, but she nodded and sat up so that Augusta could get to her hair. As she was unravelling Mathilde's braid, Augusta said, \"And Goody and I still expect you for dinner on Thursday.\" Mathilde winced when Augusta hit a particularly rough snarl. And then, so quietly that Augusta barely heard her even though it was only the two of them, Mathilde said, \"Ames and I...we weren't chaste when we got married, not like you and Goodnight. Do you think that's why?\" Augusta was glad that Mathilde couldn't see her face. \"No,\" she said, unable to keep the ache from her voice, \"no, Mattie, I don't. Sometimes bad things just happen to good people.\" That evening, with Mrs. Robicheaux and Valentine working on the wedding dress, Goodnight laid on the parlor floor and held Beau above him in the air while his son cackled with nothing less than delight. Across the room, Augusta used the last bit of waning sunlight to stitch the knees of Beau's pants, which he had promptly crawled through, and reattach the shoulder to Goodnight's shirt, a feat Goodnight had not been able to explain. \"If I couldn't have children, would you stay with me?\" Goodnight did a double-take at the sudden question, and his expression must have amused Beau because the child thwacked him on the forehead with a chortle. Augusta's lips didn't break into her usual grin but stayed in a worried line. \"What demon has possessed you that you'd ask such a thing?\" \"I just…\" Augusta trailed off, shaking her head. She hurriedly picked up her sewing. \"Never mind. I don't know why I asked that.\" At being ignored, Beau thumped Goodnight on the forehead again, and while he made a face guaranteed to make his son laugh again, he couldn't rid himself of the unease that surrounded Augusta's question. Beau was wonderful, handsome with the signature Robicheaux blue eyes and Augusta's curly hair, always sure to put anyone in high spirits—even his Aunt Valentine had abandoned her dislike after he was no longer colicky. In Goodnight's own little world at Foxsong, Beau had become the sun that gave all of them life. But without Augusta, there would be no soleil . Goodnight looked fully at Augusta and lowered Beau so that he sat on his chest. Breaking her concentration on her sewing, he asked, \"What did I say at the wedding?\" Augusta glanced back up at him, brow furrowing, and Goodnight raised himself to his elbow, keeping one hand on Beau's back. \" Ma vie , my life—that's you. I won't deny it, we had a rough year, but I had you, and we got through it. Now we have a lovely child as a reward, and I love him more than I ever would have thought possible, Augusta. \"But I loved you when we didn't have Beau, and I would love you with or without him.\" \" Il y a longtemps que je t'aime ,\" Augusta mumbled as her neck filled with color, and she ducked her head to hide a smile. \" Jamais je ne t'oublierai ,\" Goodnight returned just as quietly, and Beau burbled something in his own language to get Goodnight's attention again. \"Daddy. Dad-dy,\" Goodnight said slowly, knowing the chance that Beau would repeat it was slim. \"It's no use. He won't say it, and believe me, I've tried.\" The image of Augusta trying to get Beau to speak filled his mind. He could see her sitting there on the sofa with Beau in her lap, repeating \"daddy\" over and over with the hope that Beau would learn the word, knowing exactly how ecstatic Goodnight would be when he heard his name first. He couldn't help but smile widely, and in return, Beau gave a gummy one back before he babbled: \"Ma-ma-ma.\"[Chapter 10] For the record, I've been posting this on Ao3 more than I have . Billy: Winter 1877 Augusta: Christmas 1858 Fun Fact: Christmas trees really began gaining popularity in the U.S. beginning in 1850. I'm not sure how it would have spread by 1858, but since things come slowly to the South, I'm going to say it hasn't reached New Orleans yet. I'm ready for war. Disclaimer: I don't own Mag7. I wish I did, but I don't. \"Did you know I was at Chantilly,\" Goodnight asks, tired of the quiet. There's snow littering his hat and his shoulders, and he pulls his arms closer to his body. Beauty of the snow be damned, he hates the cold. He's old, and the sharp weather makes his joints ache, and goddamn it all, he's a Southerner ; home was never this cold, especially not to the point where there was snow. The time he'd seen the snow—at least, the only time before the world had completely turned upside down—he had been too far from home, huddled around a fire sharing a single, worn blanket. \"Do tell,\" Billy answers slowly, copying a phrase he's heard Goodnight say often, likely glad Goodnight has moved on finally from griping about the temperature. Out of the two, Billy, with his quiet displeasure, weathers the cold much better, though his scowl is deeper than usual. They're both ready to be boarded up somewhere out of the wind with a mug of something steaming in their hands. \"General Philip Kearny led Union forces there. Took a bullet through the hip that left through his shoulder, and he died before we could find out if Lincoln was going to replace McClellan with him. One of the worst storms I've ever been in finally put a halt to the fighting there. Lucky for them, too,\" Goodnight adds. Chantilly had been the beginning of true hell, but at the time, he'd been almost fond of the area for sounding like it should be a plantation back in Louisiana. Ahead of them, lights twinkle in the growing dusk, and the town of Santa Fe, New Mexico, comes into view. It's not quite as warm or sunny as Goodnight would like to spend his winter, but they won't be completely freezing here, and if they run low on funds, more shouldn't be hard to come by. The railroad is also within their reach should they decide to go farther south, though they usually avoid trains, given Billy's history. Once, for a brief time, Santa Fe had flown a Rebel flag. \"Ol' General Kearny had an uncle who fought here,\" he says, \"back in the war with Mexico.\" The war with Mexico, where his grandfather had fought and where his grandfather had reaped a reputation to uphold. The war with Mexico, where more problems were gained than solved. Sam pulled his coat tighter around him and watched the cloud puff from his mouth as he exhaled. Mr. Goodnight was a lot of things, but he'd never thought senseless was one of them. Yet here they were, inspecting trees in the middle of the day, both of them toting axes on their shoulders. He'd explained in his roundabout terms why they were searching for a tree, but Sam still didn't quite understand. \"What do you think about this one?\" Mr. Goodnight expected the fir with his hands on his hips, one jutted to the side and eyes narrowed in thought. He didn't wait for Sam's response before he shook his head. \"No, this one is not fitting at all, too scrawny to sit there in the parlor. Our tree needs to be a belle too.\" Sam wanted to tell him that it would not be scrawny once they were getting it back to the house, but he kept his mouth shut and let him keep looking. As irritable as she was, it could not be said that Valentine was not a dedicated worker when she put her mind to something. Goodnight had given her a bowl of cranberries, a needle, and thread, and told her to string the berries, and while she'd told him he didn't have the sense God gave a goose, she'd plopped down in front of the fireplace to hog the warmth and done as he'd asked…or commanded, but he'd done so nicely. In the length of time since then, she had a trail of cranberries spanning across the floor and was currently threading the berries one right after the other. Augusta lounged the length of the sofa, stringing her own bowl of popped corn and feeding it onto the floor; she'd been kinder than Valentine in her response but uncertain nonetheless, and the glance she'd given him from beneath her lashes hadn't gone unnoticed. But if she'd been asked her to do it, then by golly, Augusta would do it. \"Why am I doing this again,\" Valentine asked, smirking but not saying a word when she glanced at Goodnight and Beau. \"We have to decorate the tree Goody was kind enough to bring us,\" Mrs. Robicheaux replied with only mild mockery, smirking while she knitted, and Valentine turned up her nose at the fir tree standing in the corner of the parlor, which Goodnight did not appreciate. He and Sam had spent a good half hour trying to get the thing from the wagon to the parlor, and it was all because Goodnight wanted to show them how they'd celebrated in Charleston. The least they could do was not act like he'd tracked mud all over their clean floors. \"How about we get this done before the terrors arrive,\" Augusta sighed, referring to her sisters, who were coming to Foxsong to celebrate Christmas and Valentine's wedding. \"And don't worry, Val, we'll have it out of here before the wedding.\" \"Perhaps I'd like to show off our decorations,\" Goodnight teased, though he knew good and well that was a battle he'd already lost. Christmas pacified Valentine into affability, but even Christmas would not put her in a good enough mood to let any part of her wedding be threatened. \"Then you may give them a tour of the paintings,\" Augusta quipped back. Goodnight opened his mouth to tell her most of the guests had already seen their paintings, but he closed it when she gave him a look that said, I have enough to worry about without Val fussing over a tree . \"Yes ma'am,\" he agreed with a smile, which Augusta mirrored before quietly returning to her work. Watching her, Goodnight knew that, after days spent fretting over Valentine's wedding and her sisters, she was glad to have a mind-numbing task. Which meant that Goodnight probably should not have done what he did. He was playing with Beau on the floor, loading and unloading all his little wooden animals from their ark, pushing the silver train with Beau's name on it around, making sure he didn't fall off the rocking horse—Augusta had yet to ever be violent, but he was not going to test his luck—when his son took one look at Augusta's garland and crawled over to it. He had done the same to his Aunt Valentine's, but she had shooed him away before he caused any harm. With no regard for what his mother was doing, Beau seated himself under the garland, and before Goodnight could stop him, ripped off a piece of corn and popped it into his mouth. With a grimace and a lunge for Beau, Goodnight waited for Augusta to say something, but she didn't seem to notice her son merrily chomping on her work. Beau grinned up at him, and Goodnight couldn't help but smile…or blame Beau for wanting a taste. Leaning against the sofa, Goodnight situated Beau in his lap, picking off one piece for Beau and one piece for himself, while Augusta hummed \"Silent Night\" softly, unaware that her husband and son were making a Penelope of her. Beau snatched each piece with a slimy, chubby hand, and Mrs. Robicheaux, catching Goodnight's eye, merely smirked again and kept knitting. When Goodnight held out the next piece to Beau, his son turned his rosy little face up to him with an expression that made Goodnight think Beau knew they were not behaving, and he couldn't help but chuckle and kiss the top of his head. \"You know, I really don't—\" Augusta's voice snapped Goodnight out of his moment with Beau, and both glanced up with wide eyes to find her slack-jawed and glaring at them. \"Hey!\" She pulled the garland from their grip, eliciting a scowl from Beau, to which she said, \"Oh, don't you give me that look, Beauregard Robicheaux. You two…\" Unaccustomed to hearing his mother scold him even gently, Beau whipped his head around as if to ask Goodnight for help, though he could only shrug. \"Son, I'm in as much trouble as you.\" The other two families of the Evercreech sisters, as well as their parents, had already arrived and settled themselves when the sleek black Saucier carriage finally rumbled down the lane and up to Foxsong's entrance. With Oceane and Anastasie, as well as all their children, in the house and Valentine seated at the piano, none of them knew the final sister had arrived until she swayed into the parlor with an expression that read she would rather be in Dante's final circle than having to spend the holiday with her family. Half a step behind her trotted Dorian, looking a mix of frustrated and harried, one hand holding onto their older daughter and carrying the younger in his other arm. Her gaze sweeping over the room and effectively silencing it, Salome's eyes landed on the tree, and her eyebrow shot up as she scowled. Goodnight and Augusta had risen to greet them, but Goodnight, with his hand stuck out to shake Dorian's, was stopped in his tracks by Salome's icy, \"Augusta, there's a tree in your parlor.\" She could have very well have been saying, \"Augusta, get this filth off me.\" As Goodnight opened his mouth to respond, Salome rounded on him accusingly. \"You…\" And with that, she was sweeping from the room, Dorian giving them an apologetic look, and she called over her shoulder, \"Mammy will show me to a room.\" While the room sat in silence, adjusting themselves to Salome's presence, Goodnight caught Valentine's eye, and, smirking, she mouthed, Such a joy. Goodnight mouthed back for her to stop it, and she giggled to herself, spinning on the bench to face the piano again. Next to him, Augusta sighed, and he put a hand on the small of her back to guide her to where they'd been seated on the sofa. \"Darlin', I don't think she liked our tree.\" \"Goody, I'm not sure I like our…parlor tree,\" Augusta conceded. Goodnight flopped onto the sofa and threw his hands into the air. \"This is the thanks I get for trying to bring a little culture into the house.\" Augusta frowned, and in her eyes, he read, You didn't bring culture, silly, you brought a tree. \"Well, Goody, I like the parlor tree,\" Valentine said over her shoulder. \"If Salome doesn't like it, maybe she won't come in here.\" \"Stop it, Val,\" he said, but not before he could wipe the smile off his face; he didn't feel half as bad when Augusta hummed in amusement. Valentine tossed her pretty head, and Goodnight swore he heard her mutter under her breath, \"If only Oceane didn't like it.\" Like usual, Ames and Mathilde made themselves heard before they were seen, arriving just before dinner with enough ruckus to overshadow the three sisters. How they'd been able to be convinced to attend Christmas eve dinner with the Evercreech family was beside Goodnight, but he expected Augusta hadn't told Mathilde that her family would be in attendance, and judging by the look on the other couple's faces when they opened the door, his theory was probably right. \"Augusta, you fibber, I can hear them,\" Mathilde fussed in the doorway, nose flaring, and she held Augusta at arm's length when Augusta tried to hug her. \"I don't know how—\" \"You said they wouldn't be here, Augusta, and I can hear them,\" Mathilde insisted. \"We should be more worried if we couldn't hear them. And besides, we had to have you here. It isn't Christmas without family.\" Mathilde's scowl wavered until she gave in and hugged her friend, muttering something into Augusta's ear that made her tip her head back with laughter and kiss Mathilde's cheek. Behind his wife, Ames hopped from foot to foot, and when a sudden gust of wind threatened to blow off his hat, he hurriedly snatched at it with one hand and pulled his coat, which was oddly misshapen and wiggling, tighter around him. \"Damn it, Mattie, can you go inside? I'm growing icicles on my—\" \"Yes, yes, hush up,\" Mathilde snapped playfully, though she moved aside to let him in. They'd no sooner closed the door than she was tugging at his arm. \"Oh! Show them our gift, Ames.\" \"I'm trying,\" Ames huffed, though he was focused more on lighting his cigar. Goodnight watched him fumble, hands gloved, with his match before he took it from him and struck it. Ames nodded his thanks, and then set about to removing his layers. He peeled off his gloves and scarf, then his overcoat, and Augusta cried out in surprise. \"Ames!\" she gasped as a furry little head popped out of Ames's vest. Shaking itself off, velvety red ears flopping erratically, it turned its droopy eyes up to Ames as if to ask what had happened. \"Isn't he pretty? Thought he'd make a perfect gift for Beau—look, we wrapped him up and everything,\" Ames chattered as he pulled the puppy from his vest to show off the silver bow they'd tied around its neck. While his wife cooed at the gift, coddling it to her chest, Goodnight rolled his eyes up to the ceiling. Only Ames would have thought a puppy would make an ideal gift for a child who still couldn't get the hang of walking on his own and whose vocabulary mainly consisted of \"no\" and \"Mama.\" He looked back to the puppy, glancing sleepily around the foyer of Foxsong, and couldn't help but smile at its little wrinkled face and oversized feet, remembering his father's hound that he'd grown up with. \"We do only have hunting dogs, Goody, and he looks just like an Othello,\" Augusta said when she caught his eye, her big eyes turned up to him imploringly, and Goodnight knew he was sunk. He reached out to scratch the floppy ears; those had always been his favorite part of a hound. \"One of these days I'm going to learn to say no to you,\" Goodnight muttered, going with a playful scowl to fetch Beau. Billy is good at many things. He can nurse anything back from the brink of death, and when they have the time, ingredients, and good fortune, he makes a mean bowl of chili—though it's nothing in comparison to the jambalaya that Goodnight occasionally whips up, in his personal opinion. He can walk like a ghost and hit a target with his knife before anyone realizes it's left his hand. But one thing Billy is not good at? Any sort of card game. Hell, he can't even hold them right. Despite being hopeless, Billy never flat-out refuses to play even though Goodnight knows there are plenty of other things that he'd likely rather be doing, but on winter nights like these, when their options are to stay inside or catch frostbite, Billy is usually a bit more willing to play. Billy lays on his side across the bed, propped up on his elbow and every pillow in the room, while Goodnight sprawls diagonally across the bed and rests against Billy's legs, the cards in the space between them, both men keeping warm with sweet cider from the little landlady and the blankets stolen from the other bed. Perhaps it's the cider—Billy would drink the town dry of it if he had the money—but the younger man is in high spirits. It could also be that he's won a game. His pair, the last one available, slaps onto the bed, and Billy says something that sounds like he's congratulating himself in Korean. Goodnight can't help but laugh, tossing down his joker, and leans his head back on Billy's legs. \"Let's play again,\" Billy insists with a giant grin, already gathering up the cards in his awkward hands. \"Play again? Are you sure you'd like to test your luck? That makes one in…let's see, the last time you won was back in Flatlake, and that was in March—\" Billy slams the deck down in front of Goodnight so that he can shuffle—the last time Billy did it, they'd lost two cards and ripped another—still smiling away. \"What else are we going to do?\" \"I don't know about you, Mr. Rocks, but 'm content right here.\" \"Goody,\" Billy growls, still with a smirk, \"I'll shuffle these cards if you don't sit up.\" Goodnight stretches his arms above his head, shoulder popping loudly—he's really getting too old—and then raises himself back up. \"You're leaving me with no other option, then, Billy.\" When Goodnight went to fetch a bottle of cognac, he did not expect to find the library occupied. His nephew Theodore, Anastasie's oldest, stood in front of one of the tall shelves, fingers skimming over each of the books so lightly it was as if he was afraid they would catch fire at his touch. He jumped when he heard Goodnight enter, jerking his hand back violently as if the books really had caught fire. \"Son, you keep jumping like that, and people are going to think you're up to no good,\" Goodnight said, paused in the doorway and unable to suppress a grin. \"What are you doing in here? We're all playing games in the parlor.\" Not that he could blame the boy from wanting to escape his aunts. \"S-sorry, Uncle Goodnight. My parents don't like to read, and you just have more books than I've ever seen,\" Theodore stammered, dropping his gaze but still trying to look at the shelves. Of course they didn't like to read. Anastasie was as dull as paint. If she hadn't been so comely, he would have thought she was altogether forgettable, and her husband's idea of a riveting conversation topic was economics; a book would do them both some good. But her son was old enough that he could still be saved from her clutches. Grin widening, Goodnight crossed to where the boy was, saying, \"You like to read?\" \"When I can,\" he answered, turning his face back up with a mix of hesitation and wonder. He has a reader's description, Goodnight thought, taking in the boy's owlish eyes behind a pair of octagonal eyeglasses and waifish stature. He moved to a different shelf and scanned the contents. \"Have you read any Mother Goose?\" \"I don't know who that is.\" Goodnight started to pull the book from its place when he thought about Theodore, pale and looking like he was likely subjected to bedrest on a regular basis. He imagined him confined to his bed, watching through the window as his brothers played with neighboring children, acting out scenes of Indian raids or fighting off alligators in the backyard bayou. No, Mother Goose would not do. \"I have a better idea. Perhaps you've heard of Defoe?\" Again, Theodore shook his head, and Goodnight smiled to himself as he picked the book he wanted, feeling very clever. \"This is Robinson Crusoe. It was a favorite both myself and your Aunt Augusta when we were growing up.\" \"Aunt Augusta,\" Theodore breathed, eyes widening as he looked up at Goodnight with nothing less than awe. \"Aunt Augusta reads?\" \"Why do you think I married her?\" If Augusta hadn't been the favorite aunt already, she had certainly earned the title now. Goodnight held out the book, which Theodore hesitated to take. \"Go on, now, I doubt you could hurt it.\" \"I don't know if I can finish it by tomorrow.\" \"Well, there's thirteen days before Epiphany. Think you can finish it by then?\" \"Thank you, Uncle Goodnight,\" he whispered, still with the book held out in front of him. \"I think we're acquainted enough that I can be Uncle Goody, don't you? I don't see any reason why we can't speak like men.\" At Theodore's beaming smile, which pushed his glasses further up his nose, Goodnight patted his shoulder and moved to get the bottle of cognac from the desk. \"Now let's get back to the party. We wouldn't want to miss any of your Aunt Oceane's antics, now would we?\" As he closed the door behind them, Goodnight couldn't help but ask, \"Theodore, what do you think of our Christmas tree?\" \"That thing in the parlor?\" As the adults tried to have a civil, decent conversation, the children had been playing noisily in the corner of the parlor with Othello, and their sudden silence was ostensibly suspicious. Anastasie's boys were grimacing and wide-eyed, their cousin Posie looking pointedly at the floor, and Beau couldn't have cared less with what was going on, his arms around Othello's neck while the puppy squirmed, lapping at his chin. Without a word, every adult studied their offspring, but nothing seemed out of place. But it didn't come as a great surprise when Theodore's face was bare. \"Where are your eyeglasses,\" Anastasie asked, raising her head to look down her nose, suddenly losing just a bit of her beauty. She had mastered the art of passivity and knew just how to weild it to make her recipient feel terrible, but it seemed that even she grew annoyed by her skill until it built up and her aggressiveness came tumbling out at once. And if it hadn't been building all night…Bracing for the explosion, Goodnight gripped his glass of liquour tighter and glanced to Augusta, who closed her eyes with a heavy sigh. \"W-we—they f-f-fell,\" he stammered, and Goodnight likened the boy to a turtle drawing back in its shell at the sign of danger. He sent his best wishes. And then came the explosion. \"You've broken them, haven't you? Théodore, that's the second pair! When are you going to learn to be more responsible with your things, or are you just too daft to understand—\" \"Ana,\" Augusta scolded without much harshness, tensing like everyone else at her sister's words, holding out her arm to Theodore. \"That's enough!\" \"Honestly. There's no need to be a bitch about,\" Salome snapped, tossing her head, her grey eyes flashing in triumph. She'd been too mild since her arrival, and while she would have undoubtedly liked to have lashed out at Oceane, the opportunity to fight had just fallen right on the floor and she would not be picky. \"Sal…\" Dorian scolded, pinching the bridge of his nose as if he had neither the energy nor patience to deal with another Evercreech sister argument. \"I beg your pardon,\" Anastasie barked, now on the defensive, scowling between Salome and Augusta. \"We all know the only bitch here is you, Sal—\" \"Oh, I won't deny it,\" Salome shrugged offhandedly, a self-righteous smirk on her beautiful lips. Salome would never allow anyone the satisfaction of insulting her. Face twisting nastily, Anastasie opened her mouth with what could only be another scalding remark, but Augusta cried, \"I said enough! There are children here, and it's Christmas, for heaven's sake. Peace and good will, you two. Now Ana, I think you made your message perfectly clear, and I didn't need your help, Sal.\" Salome had the gall to look offended. Goodnight watched with fondness as his wife petted the nape of her oldest nephew's neck, wiping away his tears with her other hand, and decided the ordeal had gone on long enough. \"He's my son,\" Anastasie insisted, as if that changed things. \"And you're in my house,\" Goodnight said, firm but quiet, in complete opposition to the strident voices the women had utilized. All heads swiveled to him. \"Son, come here and bring me your eyeglasses.\" Reluctantly, Theodore left his aunt's side and shuffled over to where his discarded glasses still lay, and Goodnight urged gently, \"Go on, get the lead out of your boots. I'm not mad.\" He sat down on the sofa next to Augusta and held the glasses up to his face. The right lens had a mighty fine crack running up the side, and the bridge of the nose was warped. \"Well, son, it looks like we'll be able to smooth them back out, but you'll have to wait on the lens. Now dry your eyes, there's no harm done.\" \"No harm done,\" Anastasie scoffed, and Goodnight looked over his nephew's shoulder to her. \"I'd rather have something wrong with the spectacles than his eye, wouldn't you? If my mama had lectured me over every little thing I broke, I reckon she'd still be going. He's a boy, Anastasie, and breaking things is what boys do best. I guarantee you that the minute I start caring about any of the things in this house will be the minute Beau breaks it.\" Though nothing else was said, Anastasie glowered at him, and Salome glowered at Anastasie, and Augusta stared down Oceane as though daring her to make a peep. Theodore sniffed and took back his eyeglasses. \"Well. I do believe it is story time, Aggie,\" Ames said, glacing around the room with an expression that said he was very much enjoying the show indeed. Though it was a relief to have a change in subject, Goodnight thought it was only because his friend enjoyed Augusta's stories more than he did. With a grateful glance towards him, Augusta shot to her feet and skittered towards a side table where a familiar thin book lay, its cover worn and beloved. \"Thank you, Ames, that's a grand idea. I know this isn't an original, but this is my Christmas favorite,\" Augusta said, settling onto the sofa. She fixed her skirts about her, and the children nestled at her feet, wide-eyed and eager, knowing their aunt's claim to fame. She flipped open the book, cleared her throat quietly, and in her narrator's voice read, \"'Stave One. Marley was dead to begin with. There was no doubt whatever about that. The register of his burial was signed by the clergyman, the clerk, the undertaker, and the chief mourner.'\" When Goodnight passed through the boudoir to Augusta's room that evening, his wife was scowling at her reflection in the vanity, still completely dressed and with her hair pinned up. Augusta had sent Mammy away just after dinner since it was Christmas, and Goodnight had readied himself for bed under the assumption that Augusta was doing the same in her room. Yet there she was, not even a single pin released from her hair. \"You haven't made any headway at all.\" \"I just can't believe she did that,\" she muttered without paying him any mind, and, taking a seat on the edge of her bed, he didn't know whether to be amused or inclined to agree with her over Anastasie's outburst. \"She was always fussy and particular, but she was never downright cruel. And honestly, even Salome agreed it was too far. Oh, they make me so angry . Christmas is a time for family, but why would anyone want to be with them when they act that way? Why do I even invite them into our home if they're just going to be pains in our necks? I never want them here again, Goody, that's for sure. After the wedding, they are not coming back.\" \"You need some help with your dress?\" Wide-eyed and nostrils flaring, Augusta spun on her stool with her mouth pressed in a thin line, and her hands flew up to her hips. \"And just what is your hurry about,\" she huffed, but it lacked anger with him, and his jaw trembled in attempt not to laugh at her, lest he make her truly mad. He moved to stand behind her. \"Down girl,\" Goodnight murmured into her ear with a chuckle, kissing her temple as he wrapped his arms around her shoulders. When Augusta didn't seem pacified by his actions, he lowered his lips from her temple to her jaw. \"Lower your hackles, darlin'. There's no need for you to be in such a tizzy anymore.\" She hummed in reply, craning her neck to give him better access, and then said, \"Goody? I like the parlor tree you brought.\" Goodnight kissed her square on the lips before he reached to let down her hair. \"Merry Christmas, Gus.\" \"Augusta was good at cards.\" \"Yeah?\" \"Oh, hell yeah, best cheater our side of the Mississippi,\" Goodnight scoffs, feeling rather than seeing Billy's smile. Or maybe he just knows it's there. He turns over an ace and moves it above the rest of his piles, oddly content with his game of Patience against Billy's legs. Billy had lost the next four games and retired before he owed Goodnight an entire pack of cigarettes, and now he has resigned to watching Goodnight play. \"She could count them, and when she didn't do that, you'd never see her slip a card up her sleeve. But the thing is, she was so good at cards that when she won, we didn't know if she'd cheated or not. Part of the game was trying to catch her red-handed.\" At his next thought, he chuckles lowly. \"Ames always tried to cheat too, but, well, Gus was a bit brighter than him.\" Goodnight observes the cards in front of him and contemplates his next move while Billy downs the last bit of the cider. Nineteen years ago, if someone had told Goodnight that eventually he would be spending winters playing cards in nameless boarding houses with a Korean man, he would have laughed in their face and thought they were out of their mind. How could they ever say such a thing when he had a pretty little wife and hearty son and a beautiful estate? Nestled by the fire, reading to his children or grandchildren, snug in wool bedclothes and tucked under a pile of quilts—that was the only way he'd ever spend his winters. And yet here he is, and he thinks, glancing up to find Billy interestedly watching the cards, that if he can't spend his winters like he imagined, this isn't a bad way to spend them.[Chapter 11] Dates that might be useful: Oregon becomes a state-February 14, 1859 Nine months after Christmas-Late September John Brown's Raid-October 16-18, 1859 The newspaper article they read later comes from the New Orleans Daily Crescent on October 17, 1859. Billy: Spring-early Summer 1878 Augusta: February 15, 1859-October 17, 1859 Goodnight had always enjoyed the spring, with its bright new flowers and warmer air. Winter's passing had once brought Mardi Gras and Easter in the city, with the promise of barbecues and garden parties at home. Summers and autumns had brought more work, and winter was always dreadful, but spring—spring was light and worthy of song. Laden with their supplies, Goodnight, whistling merrily, steps onto the porch of the general store and when Billy isn't waiting for him outside, glances up and down the street for his partner. The street is empty, save for the dust that the breeze keeps stirring. With no small feeling of panic, Goodnight bounces down the two stairs and turns the corner of the store to head back towards the main part of town, abandoning his whistling. There have been plenty of unfortunate times in the past where Billy has been missing. After spending three months in Santa Fe, he wouldn't be surprised if Billy had made a few enemies while Goodnight had his back turned, and bad things tended to happen when Billy made enemies. Blasted fool probably goaded them, he thinks, and then feels guilty for blaming Billy—not that the other man hadn't given him reason in the past to assume such things. Billy always teases Goodnight for being flashy, but Goodnight would be damned if he said Billy wasn't a peacock himself, always flashing his knives and riling people up for the fun of getting under their skin. He finds Billy just around the corner, stooped down with a small, scrappy little dog hunkered at his feet, head ducked but tail wagging as Billy scratches its back. What little fur it has stands on end and does no good to hide every bone in the dog's body. There are no signs of the horses, and judging from the way Billy doesn't even acknowledge Goodnight, he doubts the younger man even cares where they are. \"Do you still have possession of our steeds?\" Billy's head whips around to face Goodnight. He jerks his head, \"Round back.\" Goodnight returns with their horses to the sight of Billy, now seated on the ground and reclined against the building, dog in his lap, digging in his coat pocket for a bit of old jerky, which is gone in the time it takes for a smile to flash across Billy's lips. \"Billy, you keep feeding that thing, and I'm going to have to get more supplies.\" \"He's too skinny,\" Billy replies simply, and Goodnight scoffs, rolling his eyes. As if Billy has the right to call anyone skinny. \"Ready to head out,\" he asks, turning his back to Billy as he checks their bags and mounts. He doesn't pay any mind to Billy rummaging about in his own bags before he put his foot in the stirrup. 000 When Goodnight caught Augusta's eye but went straight to the library, he knew she would follow quickly. No sooner had he opened the desk drawer did she appear in the doorway, knocking gently on the frame. \"What happened? How did it go?\" What happened? They had planned mutiny on their country, that's what had happened, and to top it off, they'd been much too interested in Augusta. Goodnight poured an impressive glass of the sherry from his desk, sloshing a bit out of the glass, and downed half of it in one gulp, the burn doing little to take his mind away from the evening. \"Goddamned fools the lot of them, Augusta, you'd never believe it.\" \"Try me,\" she said, moving into the room and stepping behind him to slip off his coat. She tossed it over her arm and then leaned against the desk while Goodnight sat down. \"What was so bad about this gathering?\" \"Ansel Delacroix.\" Goodnight swallowed the other half of his glass, glad for the burn; he told himself to focus on it instead of that no good tobacco farmer. Augusta's lips quivered, and by trying to hide a smile, she ended up looking more like she was pouting. Goodnight shot her a look, and she kept her teasing to herself. \"Sonovabitch didn't say a word to me until he asked about you. 'How's your wife, Goody? It's a shame you didn't bring her with you.' Can you believe that? He had the gall to call me Goody , Augusta. And what would you have possibly done at that kind of gathering? Patted our heads and said how proud you are? Served us tea? You're not a goddamned maid, you're Augusta goddamned Robicheaux .\" At this, Augusta grinned and shook her head, and Goodnight's scowl deepened. \"It isn't funny, Gus. I don't like him.\" \"Well I'm not chiding you for that because I don't like him either. I just hardly think that qualifies for you to act like a jealous schoolboy,\" Augusta said, taking his hand in hers. Goodnight scoffed indignantly; him a jealous schoolboy, indeed. It made perfect sense for him to be more than ruffled by another man's attention to his wife. \"He used to call on you, Gus, I know he did.\" \"He didn't,\" Augusta insisted, and at Goodnight's disbelief, she sighed. \"He didn't, Goody, Hattie and Mathilde made sure of that. I entertained him at parties and such, but that was before you came into the picture. I never would have married him, that's for sure. He made me…uncomfortable, always on edge. His eyes were too funny. Besides, he's married now.\" \"That doesn't mean anything to some people,\" Goodnight grumbled, and poured another glass in attempt to talk himself out of telling her what else had happened, but her thumb slowly rubbing across his knuckles wore him down. \"Did we get a paper today?\" Augusta nodded and pried the glass from his hand. \"Said Oregon was admitted to the Union. Isn't that exciting? Thirty-three states now.\" \"As a free state. Lord, that had them in a tizzy. They swear up and down the government is taking away our rights, and Ansel Delacroix—don't give me that look, Gus—sat there and tried to convince us that we needed to be our own country. Said our parish had enough strong men to lead the movement. He's out of his mind if he thinks one parish can convince the entire South to secede.\" It was becoming a regular topic of conversation, war and secession, at balls and weddings and dinners, and Goodnight was growing sick of it. Ansel and Micah Magee had brought up war at Valentine's wedding, causing Mrs. Robicheaux to add her opinion about Goodnight fighting, since her father had left such a reputation to be upheld; Goodnight had thought Augusta would strangle them then. Now the men of distinction were meeting together as though they had any sort of power—and for the most part, they unfortunately did. \"Oh, who cares what Ansel Delacroix thinks? He's half delusional, and anyone with a lick of sense knows that,\" Augusta said quietly after a moment, with her soft, closed-lip smile, effectively calming Goodnight more than the sherry had. He smiled back at her and took a moment to bask in her company after the frustrating day away, noting the circles under her eyes. As he brushed back a stray curl, Goodnight asked, \"Have you been sick today?\" \"I'm sick every day.\" \"Gus—\" Augusta sighed, settling onto his knee when he held out his arms, and kissed his cheek. \"I feel better than yesterday.\" \"Have you been working today?\" \"Of course,\" she chided, \"there's work to be done. I couldn't help with the bread because the smell made me sick too, and Beau and Othello knocked over the water for laundry. That didn't make me sick, just frustrated. Mammy reminded me of Sal's invitation to dinner, but that made me sick because I'm still mad at her from Christmas.\" \"You're going to have to accept at some point,\" Goodnight murmured into her shoulder. Nearly a month ago, Salome had invited them to dinner, but every time someone brought it up, Augusta neatly differed the conversation elsewhere. She refused to accept, saying that if they went, they'd be obligated to return the invitation, and she did not want any of her sisters in her home again. \"I'm much cleverer than you give me credit for, Goody, and I have plenty of excuses. We can't go now because who knows when I'll get sick, and by the time I stop that, I'll be too big to be seen out of the house, and it'll be another six weeks after the baby before I can go out again.\" \"Titus,\" Goodnight suggested suddenly, changing the subject but knowing Augusta would follow; she was always able to follow his train of thought. To try to distract himself on the ride home, he'd been racking his brain his brain for what Augusta called their 'late Christmas present.' \"Titus Robicheaux? Oh stars, no, that sounds horrible.\" Her rebuke was worth it just to watch her head tip back as she laughed, the lovely sound. Goodnight let a wide smile spread across his face, which he kept buried in her shoulder. \"Ishmael?\" Her brow knitting together, Augusta's lips moved silently as she played with the name, and eventually, she shrugged. \"You're getting better with names, but I won't agree to it yet. And you only keep suggesting boys' names.\" \"I think it's going to be a boy,\" he said, finally meeting her eye. The look she gave him said she thought he was being silly, but she didn't say anything aloud. 000 \"Oh, Billy, goddamn it.\" The corners of Billy's lips turn up just enough for him to come across as too self-satisfied, but he can't help himself. He puts the dog on the ground and buckles his bag, then waits patiently for whatever Goodnight has to say. The Southerner is standing with his hands on his hips, half a snarl on his face as he regards the mutt Billy stowed away. \"Billy… Am I going to have to start making you turn out your pockets?\" With the look on his face paired with the tone of his voice, Billy can see now that Goodnight had once been a father, even if it had been for a brief time long ago. He had probably been used to making sure pockets were empty at the end of the day, having been a boy himself and knowing just how much could fit inside. But when Billy had spotted the dog, more bones than skin and fur combined, and it had come warily to him, trusting him even though it seemed to be against its better judgement, Billy knew he couldn't just leave it to starve; the least he could do was fatten it up a little and find someone who would take it. Because that's just what Billy does. He stumbles on scraggly, hurting creatures, and he can't resist helping them. Sometimes, like now, that means sharing food, and sometimes…it just means being. Goodnight rolls his eyes and rubs his face. He sets about to unloading his horse, and Billy thinks he mutters something about being 'too old for this.' With Goodnight's back turned to him, Billy lets his smirk widen; it seems the dog will be staying. He slips it another piece of jerky, as he'd been doing the entire ride when Goodnight was too engrossed by his own chattering to notice. \"What's its name?\" Goodnight asks when they're settling in for the night. The dog glances up at Billy as if it knows it's being talked about and wags its tail when it catches Billy's eye. It's quite ugly and stinks, and it's stayed under Billy's feet the entire night except for the two times it got under Goodnight's and tripped him, but Billy already has a hint of attachment towards it. \"Rocky.\" Goodnight's lips twitch for the first time all evening, and he tosses a bit of the pork they'd had for dinner at the dog. 000 A few weeks pass, and then a few more until it's the end of April before Billy has Rocky looking like a living dog again, and not like he'd dug it out of a grave. His ribs disappear, and after a few trips to the creek, he loses the majority of his smell. His fur comes back mostly. He looks better than he did when they left Santa Fe, though, so Billy thinks that counts for something, even though Goodnight still says he won't be winning any beauty contests. Billy wakes to find Rocky as his only companion. When his brain registers this information, he sits up immediately, earning a dirty look from Rocky, but the look loses its effect because of his chest is already tightening with panic. Goodnight's horse is gone, along with his packs and bedroll, and the fire is dying, and— He shouldn't have slept so well. He should have asked that they take watches, but Billy had felt so comfortable that he didn't think they needed to. And that's the problem, he thinks. He shouldn't have gotten so damn comfortable . It's the end of April, Billy tells himself, fingers shaking as he pulls a cigarette from his pocket and fumbles with the match. Goodnight is supposed to be the one who needs these to function, and under normal circumstances, he is. But normal circumstances mean Goodnight and Billy together, and now Billy is alone. It's the end of April, maybe today is the day. Billy loses track of the days and dates because they hold no meaning to him, but Goodnight has all these special little anniversaries for everything. Maybe today is that day, and Goodnight has just gone to clear his head. Billy tells himself over and over that's all it is. He tells himself over and over that Goodnight always comes back, repeats that phrase in his mind like a mantra. One day he knows Goodnight just won't come back. He'll wise up and realize he could be living well in an actual house with better company if he wasn't always having to take care of Billy. One day Goodnight will wise the hell up and get the hell out, and Billy will be right back where he started: alone, on the run, always the recipient of snarls. Goodnight always comes back. He hugs his knees and puffs furiously on his cigarette. Goodnight always comes back. Rocky licks his hand, and if he hadn't watched him, he wouldn't have even realized it. Goodnight always comes back. He takes one last drag before he hears hoofbeats, and a moment later, there's a soft, scratchy voice singing, \"It matters little now, Lorena, the past is in the eternal past.\" Billy doesn't look over his shoulder, but he doesn't need to. His shoulders slump as he releases a breath he didn't know he'd been holding, and he picks himself up off the ground. When Goodnight dismounts, Billy catches his gaze for the briefest moment, finding nothing but pain and shame in the Southerner's sharp blue eyes. They don't say a word about it. 000 \"Are you sure this is enough? We could still go up to New—\" With a sigh, Augusta turned her big eyes up to Goodnight, the smirk on her lips saying, I told you, Goody. Aloud, she said, \"I promise this all I want: you and Beau.\" Per Augusta's request, they had trekked down to the creek, where Beau now played merrily, under the watchful eye of his parents, who were seated under the willow, the shade a relief from the warm spring day. Goodnight had tried convincing Augusta since Easter that they should spend their anniversary celebrating elaborately, but Augusta had tried convincing Goodnight since Easter that the best way to celebrate was quietly at home. Of course, she had won in the end, since Goodnight had yet to deny her anything. So now they relaxed by the water's edge, an empty lunch basket by their side. \"You and Beau and a whole horde of children. That's all I want,\" she continued softly, readjusting herself in Goodnight's hold, and he stroked her hair, warm in spots from the patches of sunlight streaming down. She ran a hand over her growing stomach, still small enough to be hidden under her dresses. \"We're working on it,\" Goodnight replied, hiding his smile in her hair. He could only imagine their mess of curly-haired boys playing in the water or whooping as they rode around the grounds. He would teach them all to shoot a rabbit from a half a mile away, and Augusta would make sure they all knew how to dance with a lady, and the parish would always remark on how well-spoken and charming the Robicheaux boys were. After giving away Valentine at her wedding, Goodnight had decided he didn't want any girls. If he did have daughters, they'd join a convent the moment boys started to realize they were pretty—which of course they would be, with their mama and the Robicheaux name. \"Mama! Mama, bug! Bug! Big bug,\" Beau screeched, snapping them out of their quiet conversation to find their son looking at the creek with nothing short of pure joy. His little hands waved wildly as he struggled to contain his excitement. With that, one hand shot into the water and withdrew a crayfish, and he clomped through the water over to where his parents were. \"Oh, Beau, you have a crawdad! Come here and show us,\" Augusta called, her eyes widening, more probably from nerves than excitement. Aside, she said, \"Goody, get it from him before he gets pinched.\" Dripping water onto Augusta's worn green blanket, Beau thrust his hand out, displaying his catch. How he'd managed to snatch the thing so skillfully was beyond Goodnight, but if it was a bug—or what he thought was a bug—Beau would catch it. \"Bug,\" Beau asked when Augusta called it a crawdad again, scowling at his crayfish as though it had betrayed him. \"Bug?\" \"Mudbug,\" Goodnight said, and Augusta shot him a grateful look. It pacified Beau, and he went back to smiling. Goodnight put the crayfish in their basket and then stood, wiping his hands on his pants. \"If we turn some more rocks over, we'll probably find plenty of these. Maybe your mama will be kind enough to cook them for dinner.\" \"Oh, I doubt it has anything to do with my kindness. You know I can't cook anything that doesn't have flour and sugar,\" Augusta teased, but she laughed softly, her head tipping to the side. Discarding his boots and stockings, Goodnight kissed her once as he followed Beau to the creek. Later, when the sun set, when Goodnight carried a basket of crayfish in one hand and a sleeping Beau on his back and listened to Augusta hum a familiar French folk song, he couldn't help but think that even without the wine and jewels, it hadn't been a bad way to celebrate two years of marriage. 000 Somewhere in Wyoming Billy's need to help kicks in again. While Goodnight works his charm on the crowd, Billy leans against the fence and lazily pulls out a cigarette. No matter how many times he's seen it, he can't help but admire Goodnight's way with words, how he can gather a crowd and work Billy up until they have no other option but to think Goodnight is lying and take the bait. But then again, they haven't realized who Goodnight is yet. They'll believe him when they know his name because only someone of such skill could ever be the Angel of Death's travelling companion. Billy hides his smile behind his hand as he lights his cigarette. If Goodnight isn't careful, he's going to have them run out of town before the show even starts. He waves out his match and glances up to find a group of schoolchildren running over to see what the commotion could be. The scrawny little boy in front peers up at the debonair stranger with the pretty words, his eyes filled with anticipation and wonder behind his glasses. Billy watches as the other children gather, and the bespectacled boy gets pushed to the back. Removing the cigarette from his lips, Billy scowls at the children; they'll be bullies when they grow up. When they finally have their challenge set, Billy pushes off the rail and takes his stance. And just before he whips his gun from its holster, he winks at the bespectacled boy. 000 After dinner, Billy steps onto the back porch of the restaurant for a bit of quiet and to escape the sneers only to find the bespectacled boy petting Rocky. Billy stops in his tracks while he contemplates what do to. He and children…they don't have a mutual liking for each other, but he's discovered that Rocky has a neat little trick where he can detect who needs attention, and at the moment, he's slobbering all over the ground and leaning into the hand that's petting him. So Billy braces for a few slurs as he props himself up against porch railing. \"My dog seems to like you,\" Billy says quietly, attempting to be offhanded. For no other reason than to have something else to focus on, he strikes a match and lights a cigarette. Instantly the boy's head whips around, his eyes wide, and he stammers, \"I—I didn't know this was your dog, sir.\" Billy shrugs, having no idea what to do next. Children usually aren't as mean as their parents, but he also doesn't usually seek out conversations with them. As he's racking his mind for something to say, the boy saves him the trouble. \"If I'd have known it was your dog, sir, I wouldn't have petted him. It's just, you see, sir, that I was sitting out here, and he came up to me.\" \"Don't make excuses for petting him,\" Billy says, amused at the reaction. He knows he's intimidating, that's part of the act, but he never thought it would have been enough to scare children away from petting a dog. Albeit still an ugly dog, no matter how much better he looks. The boy's face drops even more, and even in the dim light, Billy can tell that his eyes are red behind his glasses. Something like a grin flickers over his lips. \"He looked pretty happy to me.\" Something like a grin flickers over the boy's lips too, once he realizes Billy isn't admonishing him. \"I think he likes if you scratch his neck.\" \"He thumps his foot if you rub his stomach.\" And then a real grin spreads over the boy's lips, and his hand twitches as if to test the statement. Billy nods in encouragement. As Rocky rolls over, the boy glances back up to Billy with a laugh on his face. \"Name's Billy Rocks.\" \"Jasper Moon.\" They fall into a now comfortable silence, Billy smoking his cigarette and the boy making Rocky's leg thump. He's maybe ten, and Billy wonders if the boy's expression comes from being perpetually amazed by this great world, or if he just isn't terribly bright. When the door opens next, it's Goodnight slipping outside, carrying a bottle of whiskey, his face reading that this is a happy drink. \"Billy, I'd wondered—oh. I see you're making friends.\" Teasing not going over Billy's head, he smirks at Goodnight and shrugs as if to say, See, I don't need you to make my own friends. They both know that's not exactly true, but if Goodnight is going to tease him, he's going to tease right back. \"Goody, this is Jasper Moon. Jasper, this is my friend Goodnight.\" \"Well, you must be something special if you've attracted Billy's attention, Jasper. How do you do,\" Goodnight asks with a dip of his head, turning on his charm even for children. Any awe that the boy had held for Billy immediately intensifies as Goodnight speaks, but Goodnight has that effect on people. If he'd struggled to find words when Billy had addressed him, it's nothing in comparison to how he flounders now. Maybe Billy should be jealous of the way Goodnight makes friends, but all he can do is admire his effortlessness. \"Rocky likes him. That's good enough for me,\" Billy says, smiling around his exhale of smoke—something about the way Goodnight is at ease, the way he speaks to the boy. \"I—I saw you t-today,\" he stammers, swallowing hard, and even in the dark, his face goes visibly red. \"You and them knives.\" \"Oh, Billy's real clever with those knives, isn't he?\" \"I wish I could do that. But I can't do much of anything,\" he whispers, and then seeming to realize what he's said, turns away from them quickly. It's not so much as what he said that bothers Billy rather than the way Goodnight takes it, his smile disappearing and face contorting into something that resembles pain; he looks ready to scoop the boy into his arms and offer reassuring words. In moments like these, it bothers Billy that Goodnight had been a father—and likely a good one at that—but now he's stuck roaming the West with him. \"I'm sure that's not true. Everyone has something they're good at,\" Goodnight says, moving past Billy. \"I had a friend who was the laziest son of a gun there ever was. He had no use for books, didn't like to do his job much either. About all he was good for was blowing smoke rings and arguing, and if he couldn't make someone smile…well, they were probably dead. And a woman I… knew —only thing she was good for was hollering, and boy, did she do an exceptional job at that, whether you wanted her to or not.\" \"Jasper, I've been looking all over for you. Come on in, now, and let's look over those books,\" cries a woman as the door slams shut, making all three heads turn. Fair hair pulled back neatly, not a single strand out of place, she has a youthful face, and a pretty one at that. Without meaning to, Billy clams up but stares, accidentally dropping his cigarette to the ground. When she catches his eye, she glances away quickly, seeming to realize she'd interrupted, and addresses Goodnight's boots. \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be rude.\" \"No harm done, ma'am. But Jasper, it was a pleasure meeting with you,\" Goodnight says, flashing her a warm smile. He winks at Billy as she turns away, taking the boy with her. \"Shut up, Goody,\" Billy grumbles, squinting at his friend. He looks down at his cigarette with a scowl; he never drops things. Goodnight feigns hurt, and Billy considers stabbing him—not enough to do damage, but enough to slice his coat. \"Why, Billy, I didn't say a word.\" \"That won't last long.\" 000 \"How're you, Sam,\" Goodnight asked when he saw the other man riding up. He wiped his brow, damp with sweat despite a surprisingly cool fall day, and leaned against the wall of the mill. One of the stones had come loose, and it'd taken half the morning to get it back in track. At the moment, Goodnight's back ached, and his little finger throbbed from where he'd smashed it, and he wanted nothing more than to take a book and his wife and son to the creek. But Sam's stoical face broke into a wide, bright smile when he got closer, and Goodnight wondered what could have happened that was so extraordinary to make him beam like that. \"What's going on?\" \"Miss Augusta's been asking for you up at the house, and it's high time you came,\" was all Sam said, mainly because Goodnight was on his horse before Sam could say anything else. 000 Under Ruth's supervision, Beau was rolling around in the yard with Othello when Goodnight arrived, and when he saw his father, he skipped about the horse so chaotically that Goodnight had no choice but to get off before Beau was trampled. He swung Beau onto his hip, making the boy's yellow curls bounce. \"Are you having a good day, Beau?\" Beau smiled brightly, but Goodnight's only answer was, \"Mama?\" Of course, that would have been his reply. When Beau wasn't after bugs or wrestling Othello, he always had one hand on Augusta's skirt, trotting behind her wherever she went. Goodnight kissed the top of Beau's head as he said, \"That's just who I was coming to check on.\" \"Miss Augusta's waiting for you upstairs, sir. In her bedroom,\" Ruth said quietly, glancing at him with cow eyes from beneath her lashes. With a nod of thanks her way, Goodnight put Beau back on the ground, giving him a pat on the back as he told him to go play again. Once he'd disappeared from Beau's sight, Goodnight let his panic manifest again, his stride slipping from an easy swagger to a hurried trot, and he thundered up the stairs, footsteps echoing in the hall. He expected to see someone—his mother, Mammy, a maid—but the house was strangely empty, and he thought he'd rather have to shove past everyone to get to his wife instead of worry about her and the lack of presence. He pushed back the door to Augusta's room to find his mother seated by the window, gently rocking a bassinette. He caught her eye, to which she nodded faintly. Oh good Lord. \"Gus,\" Goodnight called hesitantly when he saw his wife. Propped up by a horde of pillows, her hair plastered to her face and braid disheveled, Augusta's eyes blinked open as he sat down next to her. \"Did I wake you?\" \"Goody, you made enough racket coming up the stairs to wake the dead,\" Augusta teased, extending her hand to his cheek, but he turned his face to kiss her open palm. After so long, she looked oddly deflated, and it seemed, as she ran her hand over her now flat stomach, that Augusta felt the same way. But as deflated and haggard as she looked and probably felt, her usual smile spread across her lips sleepily. \"But what are you doing over here with me? Don't you want to see her?\" All at once Goodnight's stomach dropped, and he tried to swallow even though his mouth was dry. He choked out, \" Her? \" \"Oh, please don't use that tone. Go see her,\" she pleaded, raising herself up on her pillows, her smile disappearing and worry etching into her features. She knew he had been wary about daughters, having found him after Valentine's wedding shooting at nails he'd put in a tree. Mrs. Robicheaux held out a bundle of blankets, and with trembling hands, Goodnight accepted them from her, pushing back a bit of the blanket to reveal a little face. It was nothing like seeing Beau for the first time. With his son, Goodnight could only think of all the things he would show him how to do, the tutors they would hire, everything Beau could learn, whereas now, seeing his daughter…he had the overwhelming urge to fix everything in the house that could possibly be broken or sharp or protruding. \"She—\" was all he managed to say before his voice cracked, even though he wasn't sure how he would have finished the sentence anyway, not with all the thoughts in his head. She was even smaller than Beau, and he just knew she would look exactly like Augusta once she was older. Which meant she'd be terribly beautiful, and she'd attract boys like him, and he'd have to watch them come to his house to see her. Or maybe she'd be sneaking off like her mother had done; that would be even worse because it had taken every ounce of strength he had not to do anything compromising. And then one day, one of those boys would want to marry her, and he'd have to give her away, and this time he would be the father of the bride instead of the brother. He might just die in the aisle. Already she a shock of black hair and perfectly round cheeks, and Goodnight realized that, no matter the wrinkles and redness, she didn't need to grow up to be terribly beautiful. As he was planning a trip to New Orleans for fabric and lace and ruffles to make her every frilly dress imaginable, a droplet of water fell onto her little nose, and she cracked her eyes to show off a familiar shade of bright green. \"Oh, Gus, she looks just like you,\" Goodnight moaned, glad his back was to his wife as he hurriedly swiped at his eyes. 000 For the next two weeks, Goodnight spent most of his time in the house, even though it was mid-October and the height of the planting season. He entertained Augusta in bed until his wife told Mammy she'd had enough recuperating and she was getting up no matter what anyone told her, and then he'd wandered around the house, almost always holding the baby unless Augusta had taken her from him. Sometimes he'd sit in the floor with Beau and let him hold her, enjoying the way Beau smiled as though it was the most wonderful, frightening thing he'd ever experienced. It came as a surprise to everyone at Foxsong when Ames came riding up at full speed and clomped up the front steps faster than Goodnight had ever seen him move, throwing open the door without invitation. \"Oh hell, y'all, you'd never guess what's happen—is this the new baby,\" Ames asked as he burst into the parlor, losing focus of whatever news he'd brought the moment he saw what Goodnight was holding. \"Well the old baby is right here,\" Augusta said, bouncing Beau on her lap. He promptly hopped down and ran to Ames, who swung him into his arms, and Augusta rose to greet Ames. Without caring it wasn't proper to touch another man's wife, Ames kissed her cheek. \"I hope I never count on you to deliver a dire message,\" Goodnight snorted, glad to see his friend since it had been nearly three weeks since their last dinner together. \"I'm plenty reliable. Right, Beau?\" Beau nodded enthusiastically at Ames, and the older man raised his eyebrows, shrugging his shoulders. Every trace of the concern he'd arrived with was gone from his face as he crossed to where Goodnight stood. \"Look at this, Beau, it's my new goddaughter. Good heavens, is this what you looked like as a baby, Aggie?\" \"Oddly enough, I don't remember.\" Ames narrowed his eyes but chuckled. \"What's her name?\" \"Genevieve Aurelie Robicheaux. We've been calling her Ginny,\" Goodnight said, not bothering to keep the pride out of his voice. Even though he hadn't managed to convince Augusta to name the baby Goodnight Augusta, they'd compromised on the initials. Ames's face lit up when he heard her middle name, and Goodnight rolled his eyes. \"No, Ames, we didn't name her after your damn house. Now what was your hurry about?\" \"Oh, yeah,\" Ames said, putting Beau down to dig in his coat pocket. He pulled out a newspaper and held it out to Goodnight. \"Trade you.\" Goodnight swapped Ginny for the newspaper, and Ames bounced her happily, introducing himself as Uncle Ames and promising her a pony as soon as she could sit on her own. His comment brought a scolding from Augusta, saying his last animal gift always knocked over her water when she did laundry, and Goodnight knew that of course Ames replied, but whatever he said went unheard as the words on the paper sunk in. A man named Allen Evans of New England, one of the band, was shot, and when dying he confessed that the scheme was gotten up by Brown, who represented to those he wished to induce to follow him that the negroes would rise by thousands and Maryland and Virginia be made free States, this being the chief object they had in view. His blood running cold, Goodnight's hands shook as he hurriedly scanned the rest of the article. This…was rebellion. \"—say,\" came Augusta's voice, breaking through his thoughts, and Goodnight's head jerked up, his heart pounding. As he started to shake his head, Augusta blanched and reached for the newspaper, which he tugged out of her reach. She gave an impressive frown. \"Goody, let me see that. \" A dispatch from Harpers' Ferry, dated three o'clock this morning, states that several military companies arrived from Charleston and Shepardstown, Virginia, and from Frederick, Maryland, had taken possession of the town. Upon the approach of the troops, the rioters withdrew to the arsenal, and entrenched themselves in the Armory…\" While Augusta stopped reading aloud, her mouth kept moving, and eventually, she looked up at the men with wide, frightened eyes. \"What…what does this mean? Ames, Goody, what does this mean?\" For once, Ames seemed at a loss for words. Brown wanted to make Maryland and Virginia free states. It was one thing to argue over which way to vote, but it was another thing entirely to attempt to lead a slave revolution. This was more than squabbling over territories—this was flat-out rebellion. Before he could stop himself, Goodnight whispered, \"There's no going back from this.\" As soon as the words left his mouth, Goodnight turned his attention back to Augusta. She swallowed hard and didn't make a sound, but instead glanced down to Beau, who was watching the adults apprehensively. She smiled warmly, losing any trace of nerves, and scooped him up, and immediately Beau returned to his sunny self. \"Listen, Aggie, I didn't bring this by to scare you,\" Ames began, but when both Goodnight and Augusta cut their eyes to him sharply, he quieted. With a sigh, he held out Ginny towards Goodnight. \"Well, you two have some things to talk about, and I don't think Mattie knows about this yet, so I'll just be on my way.\" \"We really do thank you for stopping by,\" Augusta said, already ushering him towards the door. \"I didn't mean to scare you,\" Ames said once more as he took the hint and twisted the knob, but not before turning his cow eyes towards them apologetically. \"And maybe now isn't the time to ask for favors, but don't tell Mattie I've seen the baby. She'd skin me alive if she knew.\" \"Why're you telling us that? 'Hey Mattie, I saw Goody's and Augusta's baby just now' will be the first thing out of your mouth when you get home,\" Goodnight said, and Ames grinned, relieved, at the return to their playful teasing. \"That's no way to treat me if you want me to be the godfather,\" Ames quipped, patting Goodnight's cheek, and Goodnight swatted his hand away. \"That's no way to treat me if you don't want Oceane and Julien to be the godparents.\" \"The devil would be godfather before Augusta let Oceane and Julien.\" \"Perhaps, but Salome and Dorian stand a good chance.\" \"Oh, you. You've always been too smart for your own good.\" Ames tipped his hat towards Augusta. \"You take care now, and watch this fellow—he's a tricky one. And expect Mattie to be over first thing in the morning now that she knows you can have visitors.\" 000 Goodnight was a peaceful sleeper. Once he was comfortable against her, he was still for the rest of the right, and after two and a half years, Augusta had grown so used to his unmoving warmth that when he did move, she woke immediately. The weight of his arm disappeared off her waist, leaving an oddly wanting feeling, and Augusta cracked open her eyes, dragging herself to consciousness. As the bed shifted, she just managed to slur, \"What's going on?\" \"Dammit,\" she heard Goodnight hiss, and she rolled onto her back. Goodnight was pulling on a pair of britches under his night dress. He frowned as she squinted at him. \"Go back to sleep, darlin'.\" \"I can't, I'm wide awake now.\" \"Dammit,\" Goodnight said again, with just a hint of his usual sideways grin, just a hint that didn't come close to reaching his eyes; he was trying too hard to seem relaxed. Augusta sat up, meeting his gaze, and silently asked him to come back to bed. When he responded just as silently that he had no intentions of doing that, Augusta pushed back the covers. \"Let's go swing.\" \"Don't you think it's a little too dark and cold for that?\" \"I'll get a blanket, and you're fairly warm.\" They dressed quietly and slipped downstairs, out the door and onto the back porch, where they wrapped themselves in a quilt. With all the stars visible, the night was clear and calm, and Augusta tried to remember a time when she and Goodnight had been out at this hour; none came to mind, save for parties or parades. Pressed against her husband's side, with him pushing them idly back and forth, Augusta couldn't help but think this was how things were supposed to be, how they should have spent more nights like this. She leaned her head against the crook of Goodnight's neck, closing her eyes as he absently began to stroke her hair. This was how they were supposed to spend sleepless nights. But from the back of her mind came the words from the newspaper that afternoon, and her stomach somersaulted at the memory. She had seen Goodnight's face ashen, had felt her heart drop when he tried to keep it from her; that had been the worst part because Goodnight had never kept anything from her, not even when they hadn't been married. \"Goody,\" she whispered, only to break the hush. If Goodnight had been unable to sleep, he should have been talkative, and his quietness was making her even more nervous. \"Gus,\" he answered slowly, pressing a kiss to her temple. \"Are we going to war?\" His silence gave her enough of an answer, but eventually, he said, strained, \"Yeah. Yeah, I'd say we are.\" \"Promise me you won't go,\" Augusta whispered, her chest tightening. Goodnight couldn't go, he couldn't leave her, not when they had children and a home. But she knew before he answered what he would say. He was too noble, too revered and too proud of that to ever stay while the men he'd grown up with went away. \"Gus, darlin',\" he began, but that was as far as he got before he broke off. Augusta tangled their fingers together. \"I'm scared, Goody.\" Goodnight let out a single huff, and then he genuinely chuckled. \"You, scared? Why, Augusta Robicheaux, I'd never believe that. You've already lived with three devils, I don't see how a bit of war could scare you.\" \"I mean it,\" she insisted. \"If you go, I'll be here alone, and I have no clue how to keep this place going, and Goody…I love you. Il y a longtemps que je t'aime…\" \" Jamais je ne t'oublierai,\" they both finished. 000 \"It wasn't love at first sight, really, it wasn't.\" Goodnight still wonders what it had been exactly. Improper, but entirely honorable. Slow, but meaningful. \"I met such a curious little creature, and I had to know what made her tick.\" No matter how romantic, he'd never been one to believe in love at first sight. There was no such thing as loving a person when you didn't know them, he'd thought. Conversations were a great deal different depending on whether they were happening under the watchful eye of chaperone or under the light of the moon, and people—they were never the same. Augusta was ever-changing. She was not the same girl the night of the Castex ball as she had been at the Magees', and she was not the same woman he came home to as he married. But then again, he was not the same either. Billy's brow is furrowed, most likely in confusion or concentration, perhaps both, and it gives him a wary look. Sometimes Goodnight thinks Billy is the embodiment of everyone he left behind. Ames's friendship, Salome's stoicism, Sam's responsibility, Augusta's patience, even Micah's comradery. \"It wasn't love at first sight with Gus and me,\" Goodnight repeats. He isn't sure why he's saying this, exactly, but he'd seen the way Billy had looked at the schoolmarm—that was a look he'd seen plenty of times in ballrooms, the startled, doe-eyed gaze of a fellow presented with an individual who was suddenly very attractive; hell, Billy had dropped his cigarette. He knows he owes this to Billy. \"We can stay here if you'd like.\" Realization replaces Billy's wariness, and, all but rolling his eyes, he looks away and goes back to his undressing. \"Goody, I'm not in love with her.\" Somehow, Goodnight finds that oddly comforting.[Chapter 12] Dates: Billy: Fall 1878 Augusta: April 1860; Mid-October-January 1861 Election day was 8 November 1860. South Carolina seceded 20 December 1860, and Louisiana followed on 26 January 1861. Miss Caro Rhett is not my character and instead belongs to Margaret Mitchell. Because I freaking love that story. \"I miss that dog,\" Billy says offhandedly one evening. He's wringing out his shirt over the basin in their room, having been caught in a downpour just as they reached the outskirts of a town. His teeth chatter discreetly. It was nowhere close to the first time they'd been caught in a storm, and under normal circumstances, they'd strip down and leave their clothes by the fire, but it's October and cold. Goodnight checks the breast pocket of his overcoat, and finding it dry, he trades his panic for a scowl towards the water that comes out of Billy's shirt, then at the puddle gathering under his feet. They'll be out of towels in ten minutes at this rate. \"Well, you're the one who gave him away.\" \"We never had any jerky with him around,\" Billy continues, shaking his head, smirking as Goodnight scoffs. \"Billy, if you'd wanted jerky, you shouldn't have been feeding it to him every other minute,\" Goodnight reminds him, his scowl shrinking, and Billy glances over his shoulder. \"He was skinny.\" \"And you certainly took care of that, didn't you?\" \"You're getting to be an asshole in your old age,\" Billy says, sliding his suspenders down over his shoulders. He has the faintest of smiles on his lips, but his eyes flash with silent laughter. Billy can wordlessly tease someone better than anyone Goodnight has ever met. Maybe it gets them into trouble, but Goodnight appreciates it. With what looks like a dozen more quips on his lips, Billy repeats, \"I miss that dog, Goody.\" Billy had given away their dog a few towns back to a chubby-cheeked little farm girl with the biggest eyes Goodnight had ever seen—well, almost the biggest, he thinks bitterly. Goodnight scoffs again, but a smile spreads across his face. Somehow Billy is good at that. \"You just couldn't resist those sad blue eyes.\" Slowly, the smile fades from Billy's own eyes, and he goes back to undressing, his britches making a slapping sound as he tosses them onto the floor in front of the fireplace. \"They get me every time.\" 000 Turning the roads to a soupy mess, it rained near daily the first two weeks that April of 1860. The parish had tried to keep on with social activity, but after the Magee carriage broke a wheel coming from a ball at the Millers', there were no more barbecues or balls, and social activity was paused except for Sunday Mass. Yet that hadn't prevented all accidents. For a good hour, Augusta had wandered about Saltmore Hall, telling little snippets of stories. Here was where Oceane had pushed her down the stairs when Augusta had worn a new dress and Oceane hadn't liked that her sister looked pretty. \"I bled on my dress, but she got whooped for that,\" Augusta had said with just a hint of satisfaction in her voice, clearly not caring about the dress. There was where Anastasie had pulled Salome's hair the first time Salome had called her a bitch. This was the Bible from which their father had always read the Christmas story on Christmas Eve, and this must have been her mother's latest knitting project. Here was the desk where Mr. Evercreech had always done plantation business, and here was where Augusta sat to read in companionable silence with her father. Goodnight followed his wife from the library and paused when she did. Saltmore Hall was no Foxsong, but it was beautiful in its own right, with glistening wood instead of marble floors and bright blue and white walls, a warm, cheery place—or it had been, but now it, in wake of recent events, stood oddly detached from the rest of the world. Once as lively as its inhabitants, the house was now lifeless, the curtains closed and hanging limply, the grandfather clock silent, and the gloom was only added to by the little woman in a black crepe dress standing in the middle of the foyer, glancing around as if utterly out of place. \"I'm an orphan,\" Goodnight heard Augusta murmur to herself. \"You're not an orphan,\" Goodnight reminded her, and he would have been amused at her reaction had it not been such a somber moment; instead, he let a wave of grief wash over him for Augusta. \"Well, my parents are dead,\" Augusta said, pressing her lips together in a thin line, \"and we have two houses now. What do we do with two houses?\" \"I have no idea,\" he relented with a heavy sigh. Sometimes, like now when she was focusing on the fact that they had two houses and not that she'd lost both her parents, he thought she was too practical. It wasn't that he wanted to see her in sorrow, but Goodnight wished she would do something; he had no idea how to comfort her when all she did was walk around with a long face and drooped shoulders. Finally, she turned to him with a wobbling lip, and Goodnight smothered his guilt from being relieved that she was about to cry. All he had to do was open his arms, and she was burying herself in his hold, clinging to him tightly. Goodnight laid his chin on her head and rocked slowly side to side, smoothing her hair as he breathed, \"Oh, Gus, darlin'...I've got you.\" But her shoulders never shook, and a sob never broke free from her lips, and when she pulled away after what was entirely too short a time for a proper cry, her eyes were still brimming with tears, a few stains on her cheeks saying that she hadn't let many escape. \"We have two houses, Goody,\" Augusta insisted. \"What do we do with them?\" He knew exactly what she wanted. Still clutching him to her, face turned up to meet his with wide, pleading eyes, Goodnight could hear in her tone that she was not asking him strictly about the houses but rather beseeching him to fix the whole mess. She did not know what to do, but of course her husband would because that's what husbands were for: taking care of the women and making sense of the things that the feminine mind could not understand. While Goodnight tried to think of something to tell her, knowing anything would pacify her, he raked his fingers through her long curls, which she had left down, and rubbed gently at the nape of her neck. \"I reckon we could probably sell it. And if you don't want to do that, I'd understand. It's your home after all.\" But Augusta looked at him slowly, a bit dazed, and shaking her head, said, \"No. My home is with you.\" \"Well...we can keep it for any more boys that we might have. As for the land, I do have some ideas.\" Augusta nodded and allowed him to lead her to the back porch. \"Now it's too late to do anything different, but keep in mind that I don't have a mind for cotton. Next season, though, I'd like to plant sugar on half the land after the picking is done. With the other half, up here closer to the house, we could grow more crops, raise some cattle and pigs. Chickens. Maybe a few geese. A peacock or two.\" That got a snort from Augusta, and Goodnight grinned down at her. \"It'll take some planning, and a good bit of building too. We'll have to expand the barn and probably the fencing. Hell, we'd probably need another mill to process all that sugar. But right now, we're looking at me trying to run two plantations, and not small ones either.\" He elbowed her, just enough that she grinned back, and said, \"Maybe I'll teach you how to run this one.\" \"Can you imagine that? A woman running a plantation. Honestly. You're too imaginative sometimes.\" But there in her voice he found the quiet lilting drawl again, and he knew he'd been successful. She laid her head on his chest. \"I'll do whatever you think is best. We have the money Daddy left me that we could use to expand, and it wouldn't come out of our finances.\" \"Darlin', isn't there anything else you'd rather do with that?\" Augusta turned her face up to him, brow knitted in confusion as she thought about what he'd just said, and the look in her eyes asked how she was supposed to know what to do with the money when women never handled that sort of thing. \"Just think on it.\" \"Goody, do you mind if we go home now? I'd like to check on the children, and I'm sure Ames and Mattie are driving you mother mad by now.\" She smiled suddenly again, a little puff of air escaping her lips as though a laugh was second thought. \"Do you know what Mattie said to me earlier? 'It's a good thing this happened after Mardi Gras, or you wouldn't have been able to go to a single ball.'\" Goodnight rubbed his hand across his face, recalling a time when Mathilde had tried to comfort him. After three years, it seemed she had still not improved in her bedside manner. \"That sounds like her, all right.\" 000 Beau and Ginny were as different as night and day. As good a child as he was, Beau was loud and all boy, always ending up with ripped clothes and a dirty face. He'd learned to run before he walked, and the day he'd trotted out the parlor after Augusta, Goodnight had nearly slipped off the sofa in surprise; though, really, he should have known better since Beau never let his mama out of sight for too long. They'd grown used to sunny little Beau, a handsome thing with a mop of dark blond curls and clever blue eyes, sweet as honey but rambunctious as a stallion. And then came Ginny, Genevieve Aurelie, blessed by the Evercreech beauty. With inky curls, big eyes, and round cheeks like her mother, Ginny contrasted sharply against her brother. She hardly made a sound, rarely cried, and was perfectly content to let anyone and everyone hold her; she twisted her fingers through Augusta's long curls, slept soundly against Goodnight's chest, and never let Sam walk past without raising her arms to him. \" When a nightingale landed on my hand, When a nightingale landed on my hand, It told me three words in Latin It told me three words in Latin, It told me three words in Latin: Men are worthless That men are worthless, That men are worthless, And boys are worth even less.\" Goodnight liked to believe that, if he sang the song enough, eventually his daughter would understand. And, from the way she grinned at him from around her sugar-tit, maybe she already did. Ginny reached up a little hand and patted his cheek, cooing softly when he scrunched his nose. He was surprised that she hadn't gone to sleep yet, since they'd been in the swing for probably a good hour, hiding from the Indian summer heat by gently rocking back and forth, but she seemed to like it when someone sang; Augusta's quiet voice never failed to put her to sleep, but with Goodnight, she always smiled and listened raptly, and if he stopped, she'd scowl. Just off the porch, Beau squealed with delight as Othello dragged him by the scruff of his shirt across the yard. He stumbled to his feet, and Goodnight winced at the stain across the seat of his britches. It wasn't often that he was left solely in charge of the children—at least, not without Mammy or Ruth nearby—and a grass stain was not going to easily win him another chance. As if able to read his thoughts, Ginny cooed again, dimples popping into her cheeks, her eyes, copies of her mother's, twinkling as though to say, You're in trouble, aren't you? \"I can get myself out of this mess just fine, miss, thank you,\" Goodnight told her, just as the sounds of voices floated through the open windows of the house and onto the porch. He hadn't heard the carriage. \"…terribly fine, liked to bit my head off when I tried to get her a glass of water,\" Augusta said wearily to someone inside, sweeping onto the porch, wearing a frazzled expression and carrying an envelope. In one deft move, she swooped up Beau, who threw himself at her, with a kiss to his cheek and kept moving to rest against the railing across from Goodnight. \"You know, making a mistake once, maybe twice, is all right, but as many times as I fall for them? I must be stupid.\" \"You are anything but,\" Goodnight reminded her with no small amount of pity. Valentine had not always been the most pleasant sister, but she was his sister nonetheless, and he knew he would do anything for her—and he did not have even half the kindness and patience of his wife. \"I take it from that exchange that Sal is still ornery.\" \"If you're ever given the option to stir up a beehive or deal with her during labor, choose the beehive.\" Slowly her voice was losing its irritability and returning to its usual slow, soft drawl. Augusta sighed and attempted to swipe a hand over her face before she remembered the envelope in the hand not occupied by Beau. \"Oh! I'd almost forgotten. Dorian was showing up just as I was leaving, and he'd brought this with him from the post office. It's addressed to you, all the way from Charleston.\" Taking the envelope from her, Goodnight couldn't help but grin at the excitement that had so easily replaced her weariness. He made a mess of the envelope as he slit it open with his finger and wondered who would be sending him a letter from Charleston. With such a distance between Louisiana and South Carolina and so much to do at home, he'd lost contact with most of his acquaintances from his studies, and he couldn't remember the last time he'd written to any of them. He scanned the letter briefly, knowing Augusta was eager to know what it said. \"It's from a man named Leonard Lyman, old friend of mine. He says he's gotten married and requests I bring you back east. 'It's high time Charleston met your wife, and we'd be delighted to throw a ball in your honor,'\" Goodnight said, surprised at the invitation. Leonard had been his closest native friend, and they'd corresponded on occasion, but he'd never expected anything like this. Still scanning the contents, he muttered, \"He must have some wife if he's wanting to show her off even to me.\" \"He wants us to come to Charleston?\" Goodnight glanced up to find all the vivacity returned to his wife's eyes, her day with a ratty Salome all but forgotten. In the one fleeting moment that he met her eyes, he knew he'd already lost whatever disagreement they might could have had, and he nodded slowly. It looked like they were going to Charleston. Immediately, Augusta set about to prattling out details. \"Well, we'd need a day to get to the post office, and we'd probably need a week to get packed and things settled here. It'll take around, oh, four days to get there, so tell him—oh, but you'll have to vote on the eighth. Tell him we'll leave here the fifteenth. How long should we stay? A month? That doesn't put us home in time for Christmas, though, and your mother would be here all alone, unless she went to Valentine's. I really can't imagine…Beau, why is the seat of your britches wet?\" \"Ollo,\" Beau explained while his mother put him down to investigate his wet spot. She sighed when she saw the grass stain and rolled her eyes up to Goodnight. \"Listen, Gus, I was right here in the swing when Othello started dragging him across the yard, and he was up before I could have gotten to him. He's perfectly fine.\" \"Sometimes I think I have three children,\" Augusta told him, rolling her eyes again. Goodnight wagged his finger at her, doing his best to suppress a smile. \"You have a smart mouth, ma'am, and I don't much appreciate it.\" \"Oh, you fibber,\" she laughed, her head tipping back in that way , moving to sit next to him. Goodnight kissed her cheek and drew her closer, tucking away the curls that had fallen from her net. \"Don't bother, you know my hair never stays.\" \"Yes, but I can appreciate that.\" He kissed her cheek once more. \"So what shall I tell him? We can leave on the eighth, straight from New Orleans. That would give us time to stay a month and be home by Christmas, if that is what you would like.\" \"I'll go where you choose,\" she shrugged. \"You're forgetting you're still in mourning,\" Goodnight reminded her. She still had half a year before New Orleans would be accepting of her coming out. \"Well, Charleston doesn't know I'm supposed to be in mourning. And besides, wearing all this makes it worse,\" Augusta sighed, and Goodnight did a double-take, causing her to sigh again. \"Wearing this just makes it linger. I'm sad, Goody, of course I am, but it's not good to dwell, and I don't want to. \"My parents are gone, and I am sad, but there is plenty left to keep us going,\" Augusta murmured, settling herself at his side. Beau crawled onto her lap, and with Goodnight rocking them, the four sat on the porch swing while the October afternoon turned to evening. 000 After a tense election day in New Orleans, Goodnight and Augusta caught the six o'clock train towards Charleston. Goodnight was obviously glad to leave the city with all its anger and talk of States' Rights behind for the seclusion of their car, where he only had his little wife and their two children on which to focus. Jolly little Beau bounced around their car, immensely excited with all the new glittering things and awaiting adventure, and Augusta, her miniature on her lap, sat on the sofa, laughing gently as she tried to calm him, but she did so only out of habit, not wanting to quell his excitement, which she too felt. They were going to Charleston, after all! They arrived in Charleston by the end of the week, all beginning to go stir-crazy at the limited space they'd been able to roam. The depot in Charleston was bustling, ladies with their noses in the air and gentlemen with not a single hair out of place, and Augusta couldn't help but think Goodnight fit in quite well with those gentlemen. For a moment, she wondered why he'd ever returned home to Louisiana when he had likely been so happy here. Over the crowd, they could just hear someone shouting Goodnight's name, and gripping Beau's hand tighter in her own, she followed her husband towards its source, a small, spry man with a quivering ginger mustache and more jump than bounce in his step. Clasping Goodnight's hand that was not occupied by Ginny, he pulled him into a hug, crying, \"Goody, what a sight to see!\" Goodnight laughed and clapped his back. \"Leo, you sonovabitch, what a surprise you gave us! Let me introduce my exquisite wife Augusta and our wonderful children, Beau and Ginny. Gus—Mrs. Robicheaux, this is my friend, Mr. Leonard Lyman.\" Her neck heated, and Augusta found herself suddenly bashful, feeling more like a girl coming out than a married woman being introduced to her husband's friend. Remembering her graces, she dipped into a bow, asking sweetly, \"How do you do, Mr. Lyman?\" \"Very well, ma'am, very well indeed. It's such a pleasure to finally meet you. Welcome to Charleston,\" he replied, lowering into a bow of his own and kissing her knuckles. Augusta couldn't help but think he spoke funnily, not in the drawl she was used to, but in one entirely different, Charleston sounding like \"Chaahs-tun.\" He snapped his fingers for his driver to get their luggage. \"So where is she, this woman you're wanting to display,\" Goodnight asked. Ginny, unhappy with not having her father's attention, tugged on his watch chain, and he handed her his watch with a kiss to the top of her dark head. Lyman snickered at the action, shaking his head. \"She sends her apologies, but she had her hands full getting the ball together for tomorrow. I'm sure you know how it is, Mrs. Robicheaux,\" Lyman explained. Once the luggage was gathered, they followed Lyman out of the depot. Goodnight's usual slow saunter had been traded for a bit of Lyman's spring, making his steps jauntier, and Augusta grinned at the back of his confident form. Part of her had wanted to come to Charleston just to taste the coastal city for herself, but that was only a little part. Years ago, at one of the DuBois balls, he had paraded her up and down the hedges, and she had listened to him describe the city so wondrously, with so much fervor, and from his voice, she had fallen in love with more than just Charleston. It never took more than a gentle prodding for him to launch into a tale from his time here, and Augusta adored the look that came over him when he told them, the tone that crept into his voice. He never knew he was doing these things, and afterwards, he'd always question why she was looking at him so curiously. This was the part that had wanted to come to Charleston. 000 Nearly an hour later, the carriage arrived at a pale blue house hidden behind a tall stone fence, two long palmetto trees lining either side of the gate. About half the size of their city house in New Orleans, it was three stories, with curved arches about the porch, the upper porch uncovered, and wrought iron railing on the miniature balconies on the side windows. Augusta had quietly admonished Beau on the ride that if he couldn't sit still, she wouldn't let him look out the window, but now she said nothing as he bounced in her lap, his sister watching him for a moment before smiling behind her at her father. The moment the carriage door opened, the front door flew back, and two women made their way out. Goodnight recognized one as the dowager Mrs. Lyman. The other was much younger, probably younger than Valentine, with blond hair so fair it was almost white, and nearly colorless eyes to match. She carried herself like all Charleston women, in that way Goodnight had come to hate from his time here: pointed chin in the air, eyes half-closed as they looked down a nose, moving at a languid, bored pace with a haughty air that said, Oh, bless your poor heart. \"Goody, you've met my mother,\" Lyman said as soon as they were all out of the carriage, \"but this is my wife, Luella Lyman. Mrs. Lyman, this is my friend from school I've told you about, Mr. Goodnight Robicheaux, his wife Mrs. Augusta Robicheaux, and their children, Beauregard and Genevieve.\" \"You must be the little Cajun woman Mr. Lyman said Mr. Robicheaux had married. And just look at you, Mrs. Robicheaux, aren't you just passionate!\" Louella took Augusta's hands while Augusta hurried to hide a confused expression. Louella fingered the fabric of Augusta's cobalt traveling suit. \"This is such a lovely color! Why, I don't think any matron in all of Charleston, probably not even all of Savannah, would ever be bold enough to wear this!\" Augusta fumbled for a reply, obviously as unsure as Goodnight was of how to react to such a statement, but Luella bowed and continued, \"Y'all come on into the house, now, and get settled,\" Louella drawled, making 'house' sound like 'hahss.' \"There'll be a ball tomorrow night to welcome you,\" she continued, leading them through a bright foyer and up a curving set of richly polished stairs. \"This is where you can sleep, Mrs. Robicheaux, and right here is where it connects to where the children can sleep. Mr. Robicheaux, I have you across the hall.\" Goodnight and Augusta exchanged a look, one of amused surprise, over Luella's head. Separate bedrooms , Augusta's face read, they actually use those in Charleston? They each had their own bedroom at Foxsong and in New Orleans, but that was only a formality for when they'd been moving Augusta, and in three years of marriage, they'd never slept apart. Goodnight wiped the smile off his face and cleared his throat. \"Ma'am, I believe Aug—Mrs. Robicheaux and I will be fine in this room alone. And, moreover, part of our things are in the same trunks—you know, shoes in one, our stationary, the likes. It'll be just as easy for us to be in one room.\" At this, Louella's small, colorless eyes went so wide it seemed they would fall out of her pale face. Goodnight contained his laugh but pocketed a remark on how she looked like a frightened ghost, and she stammered. \"Well, of course, Mr. Robicheaux, as you wish. Had I known people did such things in Louisiana, I wouldn't have said anything. But, no matter, I'll leave you two to it. Dinner will be at eight.\" Goodnight turned to Augusta when Luella had gone, and a laugh escaped before she bit her lips. \"That look—what do you think of her?\" \"I'm reserving my judgement, Mrs. Robicheaux,\" Goodnight said, taking Augusta's hand to pull her to the window. Across the street lay the harbor, and just past that Fort Sumter. \"Which means you've already passed your judgement and just aren't telling me.\" They both chuckled quietly, and Goodnight, with a deep breath, sighed, \"She is the embodiment of Charleston women.\" \"Why, Mr. Robicheaux!\" Augusta clutched at her heart, eyes wide, but then she rolled them. \"Oh, but I forget how you are a Louisiana man.\" Goodnight chuckled again. He'd forgotten how formal Charlestonians were. \"This may be a longer stay than we expected.\" 000 The Lymans had invited a few of their friends to dinner, most of them other men from the college with their wives, and Goodnight was glad to see old acquaintances. He had missed them in the first few months after coming home, but, for the most part, they had been put behind him as he readjusted to Louisiana life—and when the neighbor's daughter had come hopping across the creek. Luella introduced Augusta to them all as \"Mrs. Augusta Robicheaux, the little Cajun woman,\" and all the women had said, \"Oh, you're the little Cajun woman we've heard all about!\" Goodnight had no qualms about being Cajun—in fact, it was a source of pride at home—and even though Augusta was only half-Cajun from her mother's side, he knew her father's English descent had never bothered her. But he could see that every time they described her as such, a rebuke bloomed on her lips, one that Goodnight mirrored. After the fifth lady said it, he had half a mind to tell her Cajuns were not exotic creatures for gawking. He kept his mouth shut, though, knowing any spectacle would soon spread to the whole city, and it was only their first night. As soon as they sat down to dinner, the men took up what could only be a routine talk of the despicable election outcome and the horror that was Abe Lincoln, which soon turned into a heated cry for secession or war. Or both. The women discussed quietly among themselves the same topics, and by the time the soup was cleared away and conversation had not moved elsewhere, Goodnight watched Augusta's eyes glass over, as they often did when her sisters were engaged in battle. The next day passed with Goodnight showing his family the area around the house, during which there was much laughter and many smiles. The ball came with more talk of Abe Lincoln, secession, and war, and several more introductions of, The little Cajun woman. Neither Goodnight nor Augusta made any remarks about the social when they retired to bed early in the morning. That was how the week, and then the next, progressed. The little Robicheaux family milled about Charleston during the days, even venturing out to the beach for a few days, but since November was cold, and Beau was a pain to keep out of the water, they reluctantly went back to the Lyman's house on the Battery for another ball. 000 The little Cajun woman. It had been charming the first few times that they'd called her that, but when it became more frequent than her name, the charm quickly wore off. Augusta would be the first to admit that she'd had her fair share of difficult women, but these prissy Charleston women were nothing in comparison to her sisters. These Charleston women were amiable and back-handed and batted their eyes so much it was a wonder Augusta's hair stayed in place. Somehow they all knew Goodnight and tittered their silly heads off about him—or at least, as much as they could and still be respectable. The moment he left the room, they would put their heads together and giggle behind their hands at his elegant, retreating form before they realized Augusta was still in the room. Then they would straighten and smile so sweetly, and they would ask her how a man like that could have ever gotten a woman like her. And Goodnight had noticed. If it had been a few young girls, newly debuted, he would have kissed their hands, speaking French until they called for smelling salts, and then retreated to his wife's side where they would both laugh. But this was more than fresh-faced belles; this was a gaggle of belles, matrons, and old maids combined, and his smile didn't quite reach his eyes while he humored them. \"Oh, Mrs. Robicheaux, you absolutely have to meet this lady. Miss Caro! Miss Caro, come here,\" called Luella, in that grating accent, still referring to women she knew so well with a prefix. Augusta had half a mind to swat the other woman off her arm, but she allowed herself to be toted across the ballroom. Already she had met so many ladies and gentlemen that she couldn't keep them straight, not that she cared to. Moreover, her feet ached, and she was bored of these balls, which held nothing over the ones during Mardi Gras. Over Luella's head, Augusta scanned the room for Goodnight, hoping he would come to her rescue, but her husband was nowhere in sight. \"Here she is! This is Miss Caro Rhett. Miss Caro, this is Mrs. Augusta Robicheaux,\" Luella said, pausing in front of a dark-haired girl with clever eyes. Augusta thought she could have been friends with this Miss Caro had she stopped looking down her nose. Luella continued, \"This is the little Cajun woman I was telling you about. You know, Mrs. Goodnight Robicheaux.\" \"Oh,\" said Miss Caro, eyebrows raising appraisingly. In a way that reminded Augusta of Valentine, Miss Caro's clever eyes skimmed over Augusta's luxurious velvet ballgown and equally exquisite choker, and not for the first time, Augusta cursed Goodnight's love of fine things. It was bad enough that she was already on display for being the little Cajun woman without her being the most expensively dressed. Having scanned Augusta, Miss Caro smiled predatorily, barring small, while teeth. \"Well, you have a wonderful husband, Mrs. Robicheaux, and we all adore him here in Charleston. He's such a gentleman, we've never been able to figure out why he says in that wretched old Louisiana when he would do so well here. And so talented! Remember that time, Mrs. Lyman, when he shot the piper right in the head while it was flying? Oh, I'll never forget that. South Carolina would be so proud to have him fighting for her, he'd probably be a captain or major, I'd assume. He'll be a hero when the war comes, that's for sure.\" He'll be a hero when the war comes. No, he wouldn't be a hero because he wouldn't go. He'd said time and again he hoped it would never come to war. And even if he went, he'd fight for Louisiana because he was a Cajun just as she was, and they'd never align themselves with Charlestonians, not for all their love of books and music. They'd stay where they had sprawling houses where everyone was always welcome, where the people were friendly and meant it. They'd stay and fight for their home . That was the last straw. When Miss Caro went on, joined by Luella and another lady whose name was long forgotten, Augusta was thankfully saved from speaking; she didn't know if she could hold her tongue if she had to answer this awful Miss Caro, who couldn't have been more than fifteen and already harping on war just as well as all the Mexican War veterans. Her face hot and blood pounding in her head, Augusta mumbled a parting to Luella and hurried from the ballroom, sure that they'd only miss her when they stopped talking long enough to realize their little Cajun pet had gone. Once she was out of sight, Augusta lifted her skirts and scampered up the stairs. She was so sick of Charlestonians and all their haughty talk of secession, sick of never hearing about anything besides States' Rights and war and Abe Lincoln. They would all greet her in their strange voices, cooing over her son and daughter, oohing over her dresses and jewels, remarking what a gentleman her husband was, and then they'd have their noses stuck in the air again and be right back to talk about war. Arrogant fools, the lot of them. Augusta threw back the door to the room they'd been using in a moment of uncurbed rage, and upon remembering Beau and Ginny were sleeping in the adjoining room, closed it much more quietly, leaning against it and closing her eyes. Her throat was uncomfortably tight; Anastasie would cry, Oceane would cry, but she'd been the good one, and so she shuddered a breath and willed it away. She hated these Charlestonians. She would much rather be surrounded by the DuBoises and Jarreaus and Magees and Millers, even Josiah, even Ansel Delacroix, instead of these pompous coastal aristocrats. She wanted to be laughing in the corner with Mathilde, watching their husbands banter, instead of parading about the room on Luella Lyman's arm and being introduced as 'the little Cajun woman.' She wanted to come upstairs to the nursery and sit in her wicker rocking chair with both her children nestled against her. She wanted to be in Louisiana, at home, at Foxsong; it was all she needed, Foxsong, and Goodnight, and her children. 000 \"Have you seen my wife,\" Goodnight kept asking, but no one could give him a straight answer. She'd been with Louella last they'd seen, then with Miss Caro, speaking with the Butler ladies. \"That little Cajun woman? Last we saw, she was headed upstairs,\" one gentleman clarified, and a burst of anger flared in Goodnight. That little Cajun woman had a goddamned name. But he swallowed his pride and jerked his head as he set off for the stairs. When he reached their room, he opened the door quietly out of fear she was sleeping, but instead, she was bent over at the wash stand, wiping her face with a towel. Augusta jumped when she heard him and buried her face in the towel before turning away to the window. In such a strange, foreign way, in nothing like he'd ever heard from her before, her voice, very small, quivered when she spoke. \"I-I—we went 'round and 'round earlier, but I guess Mammy just got me too tight. You know how she is with special occasions. I told her I wouldn't go if she did it, but I thought we'd compro—\" \"Gus,\" Goodnight interrupted, watching with a sinking heart as his wife tensed, still not turning towards him. He hadn't wanted to acknowledge how distant she'd been since arriving, the only time he'd seen the real her when they were out exploring. It was so nice to be back, among others who loved the arts just as much as he did, a rarity at home; he'd found Augusta, but she was the only other one he'd met. \"Darlin', look at me.\" Never one to defy orders, Augusta's shoulders slumped and she turned towards him with such round, doleful eyes that he found himself crossing to her without even realizing he was doing so. \"Augusta, what's going on?\" He tilted her chin up. \"Have you been crying?\" \"No,\" she all but snarled, recoiling as though he'd burned her. She glowered up at him with her lower lip jutting out just so that it was almost comical, seeing such a childish expression on someone who was anything but childish. Upon realizing her behavior, shame replaced her indignation, and she ducked her eyes, \"I'm sorry, I just…\" She drew her arms closer around herself, and though she'd recoiled before, she didn't back away when he drew her closer to him. \"I want to go home.\" Goodnight loved Charleston, but he loved his family more. And he had no interest in staying somewhere Augusta was uncomfortable. And if he was being completely honest, he'd always hated these Charleston women. \"All right. We'll think of an excuse while we pack. I'm sure that between the two of us, we can come up with something just outlandish enough to be believable.\" Another unspoken apology on her lips and in her eyes, Augusta fumbled for a smile and whispered, \"Thank you.\" 000 \"I swear, your mammy makes the best jambalaya I have ever eaten,\" Ames sighed, stretching out on the sofa, hands folded over his stomach. \"I'd come over every day if it meant that she made that jambalaya.\" \"Darlin', make a note of that: no more jambalaya,\" Goodnight whispered to Augusta, loud enough that Ames could hear. \"See if we keep having you over for that crème brûlée you're always hollering for.\" Ames pulled out a cigar from his front pocket and took the glass of whiskey that Goodnight offered. Since coming home from Charleston, Ames and Mathilde had made it a point to recommence having dinner at least once a week, citing that they had to spend time with their godchildren. Part of Goodnight believed that really was the reason why they came as Mathilde was spending more and more time cooing over Ginny than she did interacting with them. But neither Goodnight nor Augusta would ever deny them at their home, least of all Christmas. After he'd poured himself a glass, Goodnight retreated to Augusta's side, pressing a kiss to her temple because he hadn't done so in a while before settling himself in the floor by her feet, leaned against her legs and the chair. Their full stomachs making them sleepy, the only sound were Augusta's Parisian birds in the corner, and if he hadn't already made himself comfortable, Goodnight would have covered them with their blankets to shut them up. \"Augusta,\" Mathilde said, voicing what the men were thinking, \"I really hate your birds.\" \"Be nice, Mattie. We may not get a chance to hear them ever again. We may never get another Christmas together again, either.\" Ames blew out a perfect smoke circle and then grinned wickedly at Goodnight; he'd spent months trying to teach himself to do that. Goodnight often wondered what Ames would be capable of if he dedicated himself to more important matters than blowing smoke circles. \"Who knows what's going to happen after South Carolina.\" In that moment, Goodnight's blood ran cold, and he pinched the bridge of his nose. Goddamn Ames, bringing up that subject. As far as he knew, Augusta hadn't caught any word of it. \"South Carolina?\" She asked, just as expected, and Goodnight sent Ames his most chilling look since Augusta couldn't see his face. \"We were just there, what's happened in South Carolina?\" Ames, so help me God, Christmas or not, I will strangle you if you don't shut your goddamn mouth , Goodnight mouthed to no avail. \"Why, Aggie, haven't you heard? South Carolina seceded.\" \"Succeeded? Goody, what is he talking about?\" The sonovabitch. \"Oh, it's nothing, darlin'. Don't you worry about it.\" Goodnight reached behind him to pat her knee, and it was only then that Ames, sucking on his teeth when he realized he'd made a mistake, read Goodnight's face. \"Goody, how can you say—\" To stop her, Ames laid a hand on the back of Mathilde's neck, what would have been a sweet gesture had he not applied pressure. Mathilde finally looked up from where she'd been making kissy faces at Ginny, and Goodnight couldn't have been more thankful that she'd chosen such a moment to further the conversation. \"Oh. Secession ,\" Augusta breathed in that small, shaking voice he'd heard in Charleston. There was a pause, and though he couldn't see her, Goodnight knew Augusta was shaking her head. \"How silly of me. I should have known.\" He felt Augusta's eyes on the back of his head, and he closed his own, trying to plan his words carefully until Ames said, \"It's just like Goody said. It's nothing, Aggie.\" For what felt like a long time, the easy, silent companionship that had filled the room was replaced with a tense quiet, save for the chatter of Augusta's birds. Ames and Mathilde tried in vain to share looks discreetly with one another, and Goodnight nursed his glass while he figured out what to do. \"Gus, why don't you get the cards? We haven't played Whist in a while.\" Obediently, Augusta rose and swept past him to the game box, and the other three gathered around the card table. 000 Mammy was doing laundry in the yard when he rode back to the house for lunch the next day. She didn't even look up when she spoke to him. \"Mr. Goodnight, are you fussin' with Miss Gussa?\" Taken aback by her comment, Goodnight shook his head. She had been uncharacteristically quiet since Ames and Mathilde had left last night, but they weren't fussing. He and Augusta never fussed. How could she ask him such a thing? \"No, Mammy, you know that.\" \"Well what's wrong with her?\" Now Mammy raised up, hands on her hips, breath coming in clouds against the cold December air. Since their engagement dinner, he though he'd won Mammy's approval, but it was clear her loyalty still lay with her baby Gussa. \"I appreciate the show of confidence,\" Goodnight snarked, frowning at Mammy as he left his horse by the porch and went inside. Nothing was wrong with Augusta. But there had been an uncomfortable rift between them during the night, a distance that had appeared instantaneously; she hadn't curled up next to him like usual when they'd gone to bed but had instead required Goodnight to wiggle to her side of the bed and conform his body to hers. Multiple times, Goodnight had cursed their friends for bringing up the subject of secession, forcing the conversation that he'd been putting off since he'd seen the newspaper on Saturday—the newspaper he'd tossed out before Augusta got a chance to read it. He found his wife by the fire in the parlor, clutching Ginny in her lap while Beau sat next to her with a book, babbling to his mama about what he thought the words said; but Augusta wasn't quite with him. She glanced up with glassy eyes when he appeared in the doorway. \"Is it lunchtime already?\" This wasn't how he wanted to have this conversation. Truthfully, he hadn't wanted to have the conversation at all, but he'd known he'd have to eventually. \"Darlin'...why don't you go get a coat, and I'll have Ruth pack up the basket. We need to talk.\" 000 \"After Harpers Ferry, I'd taken to throwing out newspapers that might worry her. It wasn't right, but I...I didn't know what to do, Billy. It was my job to protect her, to protect my family, and there was a cloud of uncertainty always overhead. I didn't know what was going to happen to the country, I didn't know what to tell my wife. I drank too much then—not to the point where I was cruel or reckless, but to the point where it made Augusta feel useless.\" Vividly he can recall his wife's expression when he'd been with the bottle too much. She had a face of glass, and he knew what she was thinking even when she tried to hide it. He can see her eyebrows trying not to come together, her lips trying to remain upturned as she pulled the glass from his grip, a silent plea for him to use her instead. It was then that he'd been washed by guilt and pulled her into his lap, forehead resting against her arm, an apology unsung on his lips. In the year and a half that's passed since Goodnight began his weaving, Billy has become accustomed to his surprise editions, stories that come out of nowhere and often take a good deal of thought to figure out what Goodnight means. Goodnight is flipping over their wet clothes by the fire, stark naked except for the blanket he has wrapped around his waist. Without the cover of his clothes, stark white scars stand out sharply against his skin; there's a long slash running the length of his left side, and a circle the side of a silver dollar on his right shoulder. He shakes his head. \"Before December of that year, we spoke of war the way we warned our kids the boogeyman would get them if they didn't behave. And then South Carolina seceded, and suddenly the war became much more concrete. Augusta never said a word on it. I didn't know, Billy.\" Exactly what he didn't know, he doesn't say. Perhaps there are too many options to choose from. 000 \"South Carolina didn't succeed in anything, did they? They left the Union. That was embarrassing of me.\" Their basket of lunch lay untouched on Augusta's blanket beside them. Augusta sat sideways in front of him between his legs, he facing her, just like they always did at this point. She had her eyes turned up to him, wide and childlike against her plush cheeks, but he knew she was not childlike at all. Goodnight took a deep breath, no idea how to explain the situation. \"Well, they think they did.\" \"What do you mean? They either did or didn't, Goody, this isn't a game,\" Augusta argued, a determined frown settling on her lips, obviously not impressed with his answer. Goodnight was a bit taken aback. Normally, Augusta never minded how he would beat around the bush, but her blazing eyes told him not to test her patience. \"They're part of the Union, and the Union is perpetual. They can't leave.\" He had read both the Articles of Confederation and the Constitution; he knew what they both said, and secession was not a possibility. \"Then what have they done,\" Augusta insisted, her frown diminishing slightly. \"Nothing with any sense, that's for sure.\" The words came out before Goodnight realized what he was saying, and he expected another rebuke. Instead, her face softened more, and she turned away, gazing across the creek and looking like a child who had just been told Christmas was very far away. Perhaps, like him, she was wondering how this could have happened so soon after they'd just been in Charleston. \"What does this mean for us? Is Louisiana going to do that?\" She took his answer like the Gospel, never going to question his judgement; he had long since realized his wife held him on a pedestal almost as high as the one he put her on. \"It means that South Carolina is a nation surrounded by a much grander nation, beckoning to the other states to follow suit. Now, I'm not sure how it'll pan out, but right now, I reckon there's a mighty high chance that we'll join them.\" When Augusta didn't reply, he scooted himself closer to her, tucking a curl that had escaped behind her ear. \"What's on your mind, darlin'?\" \"Was this in last week's newspaper?\" Goodnight didn't answer but felt his ears heat up, and again Augusta frowned. \"You threw it out, didn't you? I wondered where it had gotten to.\" \"I'm sorry, Gus, I just didn't want you to worry.\" \"I can choose my worries myself,\" she grumbled, and then slowly turned her face to him, now devoid of any harshness, replaced by something Goodnight couldn't quite place. Her little hands tugged on his vest, and Goodnight scooted closer to her. Her head fit so well in the crook of his shoulder. \"We're going to war, aren't we, Goody?\" He knew Augusta was perfectly intelligent, but somehow her question threw him for a loop. Part of him hoped she would never come to the conclusion, and the other part hoped he wouldn't have to think about it; but he knew Lincoln would never let them do this. His stomach flipped, but even with his heart pounding, he forced his lopsided smile and buried his face in her hair. \"That is for us to find out. But listen, Augusta, that's for me to worry about, you hear? Don't you concern yourself with it.\" \"It affects me too, Goody.\" 000 It seemed every man in New Orleans had turned out to the Robicheaux house following the news. There were all five Miller boys and the four redheaded Jarreau sons; Micah Magee with his father Aaron; Valentine's husband, Sacha Castex; even Louis Petipas, Hattie's husband, a Lafayette man. Dorian Saucier had arrived too with no sign of Salome, much to Goodnight's relief, though he expected Dorian was grateful for the time alone. Never far from Ames, Mathilde had disappeared into Augusta's sitting room, joining her sister Minerva and Olive Delacroix, hidden away on the opposite side of the house; they were the only women who had come, the rest being hurriedly left at home. Goodnight hoped the women couldn't hear anything that might be said. Judging from what most of them men had told him, their women had no idea what was going on; they'd only watched with curiosity and then fear as their husbands had heard the news from a neighbor and dashed off without a glance goodbye. He knew that the ordeal wouldn't stay hushed like this, if it even was hushed anymore, but he didn't want Augusta to know until there were definite plans. Some Mardi Gras this was turning out to be. \"To hell with them,\" shouted Micah, red-faced and frighteningly sober. Goodnight liked him well enough, but he was a brash man when his mind wasn't muddled by alcohol. \"It was high time we pulled out!\" \"Here, here,\" agreed Ansel Delacroix, the tobacco man Goodnight had only mildly forgiven for his interest in Augusta, and even now he was finding it hard not to take that forgiveness back. \"They've long disrespected us, and now they'll have to pay for it,\" Ames said, eyes twinkling over the lip of his whiskey glass, and Goodnight had half a mind to punch him. Leave it to Ames to stir the pot if he thought he'd get a kick out of it. Now was not the time for that. At Ames's statement, a chorus of roars filled the library, some in outrage, others in agreement. Their voices echoed off the walls, and for a moment, Goodnight had an irrational moment of panic that the ladies would hear. \"Gentleman, gentleman,\" he successfully tried to soothe. They mostly quieted down to let the Goodnight Robicheaux speak, and he took a deep breath in preparation of how he could smooth things over. \"Now I know tempers are running high, and I know we're all shaken. But let's remember that there are ladies in the house, children too, and it's up to us to take care of them.\" Even Ames and Micah shook their heads at that statement, and for a moment, it seemed they would behave. Goodnight twisted his glass of whiskey in his hand to stop the shaking. \"All of us here have at least one person who's our responsibility. Now, we don't know what the next few months will hold, but we need to keep our responsibilities in mind as we choose our actions.\" \"What do you mean we don't know what the next few months will hold? Of course we do, war's inevitable! It's the only thing left,\" Micah cried, and Goodnight decided if anyone was getting hit today, it would be Micah. He'd gotten everyone mildly calm until Micah spoke up. \"We shouldn't want to go to war, Micah,\" Goodnight implored, his voice betraying him, slightly leaking panic. He didn't have the time or nerves to deal with the parish and his family. \"They've insulted our dignity and morals! Imagine, a Southerner without morals!\" \"We're God-fearing men, the lot of us!\" \"Are we not gentlemen!\" \"That we may be,\" Goodnight insisted, raising his voice to be heard, nearly sloshing out the contents of his drink as his hand twitched. Blood pounded in his head, and not from anger. He just knew Augusta and the other women could hear what they were saying, and he needed to see her. The poor little thing, she was probably wrought with fright, those childish green eyes of her wide. \"Gentleman we may be. And not just gentlemen, but Southern gentlemen at that. We have heart, we have gallantry, we have spirit, and we have our pride . But the truth of the matter, men, is that we do not have the necessary measures to engage in war. If we jump into this now, we will find ourselves sorely ill-equipped. You cannot fight a war with plows and pitchforks.\" Everyone stilled and said nothing, blinking like what Goodnight had said had never crossed their minds. \"So what are you saying,\" Ames asked eventually, breaking the silence and looking at his friend as if he'd just told him his name had never been Goodnight Robicheaux. He shook his head. \"Goody, you're—you're the best shot around. You're a Robicheaux, your grandfather…how could you not fight?\" With a terrible aching pit in his stomach, Goodnight whispered, \"That's not it, Ames. I'm just as much a Southern gentleman as you. If it comes to it, if our great state chooses to fight, I'll be there defending her. But we can't be brash with this.\" Judging from their somber faces and quiet mouths, Goodnight hoped he'd instilled some sense in them. He gazed around the room, into the eyes of the men he'd grown up with, men with whom he'd shared all life's milestones. They weren't family, but looking at them now, they almost felt like it. \"What do we tell our wives,\" Elam Miller asked, breaking the silence. What indeed? 000 Goodnight waited on Ames, Ansel, and Micah to collect their wives before he appeared in the doorway. \"Goody,\" Augusta whispered from over Ginny's head, her eyes wider than usual, mouth drawn down. She was trying to be her immovable self, but her face of glass did nothing to hide her worry. She wrapped her arms tighter around their daughter in her lap. \"What's happened?\" At his eyes flickering down to Ginny, then Beau on the floor at Augusta's feet, Augusta placed a kiss on the top of her head and placed her next to Beau, saying quietly, \"I'll be right back.\" She crossed the room quickly, straight back tense, the swishing of her skirts the only sound as the children watched their mother leave. With her head high and her feet scuttling across the floor, no one would have ever guessed anything was amiss had they not seen her eyes. \"What's going on,\" she whispered when she reached the hall, pressing close to him. Goodnight wrapped an arm around her waist, letting his other hand nestle in her hair. Their world had been flipped upside down in a matter of minutes yet again. How was he supposed to tell her that he had no idea what was really happening? And if he didn't know that, how was he supposed to reassure her? This was the sole purpose of men, he thought, to keep women in comfort, and he was at a complete loss on how to do so. Everything is perfectly fine , Goodnight wanted to say with a kiss to her head, but he'd never once lied to her. \"Louisiana seceded. We'll probably join the Confederacy soon.\" \"Oh, dear God,\" she breathed, one hand immediately flying to the neckline of her bodice while the other tightened its grip on his vest. Augusta closed her eyes, mouth set in a thin line, and slowly released a shaky breath. When she opened them again, she'd regained all the grace and poise he'd ever known her to have. 000 The following evening, Goodnight and Augusta had their weekly dinner with Ames and Mathilde, and while dinner had been kept light, their drinks were anything but. It had started with Ames laughing over how fun it was to rile up the men of New Orleans, and then, like every other conversation recently, turned towards secession. And Goodnight and Ames held starkly different opinions. \"That's not the point, Ames.\" \"It's beside the point. We've left the Union, and that's that.\" \"But it's not right! \" Goodnight insisted, wishing with all his might that for once, for one goddamn time, that Ames could not take things at face value but would put thought into what was happening. \"We're making this worse!\" \"It's done, Goodnight—\" Slamming his glass down on the mantle and sloshing out its contents, Goodnight roared, \"Goddamn it, Ames! Can you think for once? If we keep this up, we're headed for war, and I have a family to think about!\" Ames's face drained of color, and his angelic features twisted into something oddly mean and completely foreign. He snarled, \"What, Goody, what are you saying? That I don't have a family? I'm married too, remember, you were the best man. And you think that I don't love Augusta and Beau, Ginny? That your family isn't as much mine as my own wife is? Well get your head out of the fucking clouds.\" \"That's not what I meant, Ames.\" Goodnight's voice softened, losing vigor as he realized how Ames had interpreted him, as he realized he was making this worse, he was the one riling up easy-going Ames to the point that he was spitting and gesturing madly. Of course Ames had family—he was part of Goodnight's family. \"This state is preparing for war. Do you have any idea what that means?\" \"Oh, come off it! Like you have any idea what that means. I have news for you, Goody, we're on the same page for once. None of your fucking books can tell you what war is like. And you know what else? You're Goodnight goddamn Robicheaux. You think they're going to put you on the front lines, that you're going to be in any danger? No, you'll be an officer, and you'll be perfectly safe, and within a few months, you'll be back home with your family .\" \"That's not the point, Ames,\" Goodnight repeated, pinching the bridge of his nose. He was so tired of hearing that sentiment, that because he was Goodnight Robicheaux he was untouchable. Maybe he was, but did that mean his wife and children would be safe if he left? \"Then what is, Goody? Because to be completely honest, I don't know what you're trying to get at. Sit down , Mattie.\" It was only when Mathilde sank back onto the sofa that Goodnight remembered their wives were in the room, witnessing every monstrosity that escaped their lips. Likely Augusta and Mathilde had never thought their husbands capable of such harsh words, of their voices reaching such a level of anger, and Goodnight couldn't bear the thought of seeing Augusta's reaction. He knew that if he looked in her eyes, he'd see the pedestal she'd put him on crumbling, and he couldn't let that happen. \"Get your coat, Augusta. We're leaving.\" When Augusta, eyes frightened and mouth hanging open, remained stunned on the sofa next to Mathilde, clutching her friend's hand, he snapped before he could catch himself, \"Did you not hear me? Let's go!\" \"Yes, Goody,\" she whispered, popping up and darting towards the hall with her head ducked. As the realization of what he had done hit him, Goodnight glanced to Mathilde, hoping that maybe she still had some sense in her, but even the lively Mathilde Verret Rubadeau was subdued, her head ducked like Augusta's, hands folded tightly in her lap now Augusta's had been taken from her. Just before he slipped out of the parlor, he caught Ames's eye. The other man held it for just a moment before looking away, his face saying, We've really messed up this time, but I'm too mad at you to fix it now. Even while he helped her into her coat and wrapped her scarf around her neck, Augusta didn't meet his eye but kept blinking rapidly, and Goodnight swallowed hard. He'd never said a single harsh thing to her, never even dreamed about doing it in his nightmares, and that…that hadn't just been harsh, he'd commanded her to get up and yelled at her when she hadn't immediately complied. That had been cruel. And the war hadn't even started. The walk home was silent, and Goodnight's arm around Augusta's waist felt like a liberty he was not permitted to have. It was only when Mammy told Augusta about Beau ripping the knees from his pants again that Goodnight heard her voice, soft and tired. He followed her to the nursery, across the hall from their own room, trying to figure out a way to get her to speak to him. He wanted her to scold him for being so rude, yell at him, even hit him, anything besides the quiet dejection she was giving. \"Mama,\" Beau's sleepy voice drew Goodnight back to reality, and he turned from Ginny's crib to find Augusta sitting on the edge of their son's bed. Her long mane of curls, freed from the confinement of her net, spilled over her shoulder, and Goodnight watched with fondness as Beau, disoriented, reached his little hand for his mama's hair, knowing the feeling that came with having those curls in hand—a feeling he didn't think he would have anytime soon. \"Thought you left, Mama.\" \"Oh, my baby,\" she whispered with the all tenderness only a mother could achieve, \"I'd never do that. We were just with Uncle Ames and Aunt Mathilde.\" Whatever else she murmured to him was unintelligible to anyone else besides Beau, and Goodnight turned away from them, back to the sleeping form of his daughter. The older she got, the more she looked like Augusta, and at the moment, Goodnight couldn't think of a more terrible blessing. He pushed back a few of her fine, baby curls, then brushed his knuckle across her soft, plush cheek. Maybe he hadn't wanted girls, but he would be lying if he said he wasn't enamored with his daughter. At the sound of Augusta's swishing skirts, Goodnight slowly removed himself from Ginny's crib and followed her across the hall. They prepared for bed methodically, air around them stifling. Once Augusta had slipped out of her dress and crinolines, she sat down at the dressing table, her jewelry tinkling as she dropped it into the bowl. Finally Goodnight couldn't stand the silence anymore. He knew he'd made a mistake, and not just any mistake, but he'd hurt his wife; and a gentleman always owned up to his mistakes. \"Gus, I—\" \"I forgive you,\" Augusta said quietly, cutting him off before he could finish his sentence. \"What,\" he asked, caught off guard. Her head was still ducked, and through the glass of her mirror, he watched her bite her lip. For a moment, he hoped she would cry—it would serve him right. \"I forgive you. There's so much going on right now, and you were upset with Ames, and I didn't obey you. It's alright, Goody.\" \"That doesn't make it right, Gus,\" he insisted, catching her eye through the mirror. She wasn't a dog, she didn't have to jump when he said. He'd always known she was perfectly capable of thinking for herself. \"I forgive you,\" she said again, moving to section her hair for a braid. But Goodnight didn't miss the fact she hadn't disagreed with him. He didn't point that out. Instead, he slipped behind her and covered her hands with his own. When they'd first been married, he had worked diligently to hone his skill until he could braid as effortlessly as she could, and it had become one of his favorite parts of getting ready for bed. As time had passed, they'd slipped out of the habit, and Goodnight couldn't recall the last time he'd done it. But he sectioned it off gently and went about plaiting it down her back. When he'd finished, Augusta smiled at him in the mirror, gentle and warm, and bending over, he wrapped his arms around her shoulders and kissed the top of her head, saying, \"I don't want to fight with you, Gus.\" \"Let's go to bed, Goody.\" ","Summary":" After many exchanges of messages with warqueenfuriosa (lots and lots of thanks) about Goody's life "},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"Song of the Irish","Author":"Deliverer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8623394","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Song Of The Irish 1 I Am Of Ireland He watched the other mice then lay down behind the reel. This trip promised to be long. His thoughts stayed on Ireland, stayed on her , and with those images and songs and sights playing in his head he drifted off thinking of lush fields and better times. He hoped he'd never awaken, but all at once he heard the other mice exclaim, \"Cats!?\" He gasped, waking instantly up and tensing, prepared for a slaughter. It took him a moment to realize he was no longer in Ireland but on a ship sailing as far away as possible. That in itself served to make him more miserable. He'd never wanted to leave home. It's just that he couldn't stay there. Too painful. \" I didn't see any cats,\" a small mouse's voice declared. He had a bit of a view from where he was. The child couldn't be more than four or five. He almost scoffed. The child was naïve, a fool, for believing any such thing. Why then was he going? Land of opportunity, streets paved with cheese, no cats… none of those promises had convinced him. So why was he going there? He knew… Because he had needed to go somewhere, anywhere , as long as it was far, far from Ireland, far from his anguished memories and torturous thoughts, far from pain. But would he ever escape pain? No… and he knew that full well. \"Won't it be nice when we get to America? In America there are no cats. But back home in mother Russia…\" a fat mouse declared, he supposed the boy's father. As naïve as his son was, the Irish mouse realized. The Russian sighed deeply, along with the other mice. The Irishman lay back down closing his eyes once more and trying to sleep, trying to ignore everything going on around him. But no, he wasn't that lucky. AAT The Russian mouse began to sing, and he couldn't help but listen to the man's story: Our family was travelling, through the snow to Mince; suddenly papa saw those huge paw prints. When I heard him screaming I fainted dead away; And I woke up an orphan. Collective gasp… \" Oy vey… \" Collective sigh, then… \"But…\" There was a 'but?' Then the chorus broke out and the young mouse man gasped, starting. He was awake now : But there are no cats in America, and the streets are paved with cheese. There are no cats in America, so set your mind at ease. AAT The mice had all sang together. He felt like shooting up and screaming at them to shut up, that they were all fools, that nothing would be better. But then what was there if there was no hope? Perhaps hope was something he would do well to believe in, if only a little. No matter how he tried, though… Nothing. He felt nothing. Nothing but misery and anger and regret and bitterness. How could they sing of their loved ones' demise and then so suddenly and easily burst into a joyous song about America and how wonderful it would be there? Our families are dead, but we're going to America so who cares? Was he still too young to understand why? He wanted to feel disgust, but again, nothing. Curiosity, perhaps, and he wondered; why were they so alive while he was so dead? Had they not also had tragedy in their lives? AAT Another mouse leapt up onto an object and began to speak, saying, \"You think a things were a bad in Russia? You should a see things in my country.\" The young Irish mouse listened once more, curiosity growing. The times were hard in Sicily we had no provolone; The don he was a tabby with a taste for my brother Tony. When mama went to plead for him the don said he would see her; We found her rosary on the ground... \" Collective gasp. \"Poor mama mia,\" the Italian mouse finished, kissing the rosary he held clutched in his hand. Again the mice all sighed sadly. And again the dreaded word. \"But…\" AAT The Irish mouse nearly sobbed. Another but? Why? Why was it that all they could think about was America? Why was it that they spared not another thought to their deceased loved ones? Perhaps they were locked in their own personal Hades as he was? But how could they be when they were singing and dancing merrily to the chorus that again rang out through the hold. Did their families mean nothing to them? At the same time he nearly scoffed at himself, for he knew their families must have meant everything to them. Would he be like this one day, when mourning passed, able to hope again? No… No… Something told him he never would, and he wished he could know why but no answer was coming to him. Was he too young to be saved? But he couldn't be, for the Russian had become an orphan at what sounded like a very young age. Perhaps too young to fully understand the magnitude of his situation? The Italian? He had his brother still, and the rest of his family from the sounds of it. He hadn't been left alone, and he had lost his mother, so it seemed, when he was well into adulthood. So here he was, old enough to see the gravity of everything he'd lost, too young to be able to cope as he should have. Perhaps that was why hope had been stripped of him. But there was no pain in their chorus, hardly any in their stories. He felt anger growing. Anger and misery. They didn't know what true pain was. He felt like screaming. He rose up from behind the reel that a family had sprung from at the chorus' close, mouth agape ever so slightly as he looked around. So he would show them true mourning, and he would display true pain, and he would tell them his story. The chorus would ruin it, perhaps, but maybe he could try hope. So he rose up and spoke for the first time since her death… AAT \"Sure that's sad but sadder still… When I was, but a lad, I lost my true love fair; A calico, he caught us by surprise. In a flash of teeth and fur, her tail was all he left of her; ' Neath the heather is, where me toora loora lies… There was the expected collective sigh. No gasp, but the sigh. Now to try out hope. \"But…\" he began, hoping it would motivate him as it had the others. As the others burst into a chorus, though, he never joined. He felt nothing. His ears drooped once more and his forced smile fell. Silently he backed away from the crowds singing along to cover his tracks. As soon as he was away, though, he went to a wall, leaning his forehead against the cool wood and wishing death would simply take him. There was no hope, there was nothing for him anymore but a promise he had foolishly made to her, to her … his Irish Lullaby. Tears fell silently from his eyes. Oh he prayed a storm would come and sweep him overboard. Just then, however, a voice spoke, saying, \"Ex-excuse me.\" AAT He turned to this new voice curiously. A mouse that wasn't singing? A young girl, couldn't have even been a teenager. \"Yes lass?\" he questioned. He'd hidden any signs of tears, quickly. \"Wow, you sang so well. It was so emotional and deep and everything. I wish I could sing like that. Where did you learn?\" she questioned. He smirked, vaguely amused the child was displaying such an interest in him. He ruefully realized, though, that she had a slight crush. Poor, sweet, innocent little thing… He recognized her, the Russian mouse's daughter, as he'd assumed. But his loyalty to his dead lover would never die. He would take no one else until the day he perished. \"I don't remember, t'was a long time ago lass,\" he answered. He inwardly chuckled wryly. A long time ago indeed. He was hardly in his twenties. Nonetheless he couldn't remember. \"Oh, I was self-taught. I've never had a teacher. I've only practiced with my family. I wish someone could give me lessons. I'm not very good,\" she admitted. He liked this little mouse. She was interesting. Finally he asked, \"What is yar name lass?\" \"Tanya,\" she replied. \"If you don't mind me asking, what was hers?\" AAT His smile fell to a pained look. For a moment he seriously pondered walking away. But no, no he wouldn't bother. The other mice finished their song and he answered the girl, saying, \"Nan.\" She looked down, slightly embarrassed. He sensed this and put a hand on her shoulder saying, \"It's all right Tanya. Me name is Dylan.\" \"Pleased to meet you,\" Tanya said, brightening. She frowned ponderously. He couldn't help but smile. Rare a smile ever came to his lips these days, and he certainly hadn't laughed since the day Nan had died. Strange, then, that when she asked her next question he couldn't help but chuckle wearily. \"Can you, by any chance, kind of, sort of, teach me…?\" He lightly chuckled. On seeing her crestfallen expression he declared, \"I haven't chuckled far ages lass. I'll be glad ta teach ya.\" \"Really? I-I can pay you!\" she exclaimed excitedly. \"No need Tanya. If America is anything like what the stories say, it'll be fine,\" he replied. \"Even if not, well, money don't mean much ta me these days.\" She beamed excitedly, and for the first time in a long time he felt at ease, as if at least one other person understood that he was hurting badly and that nothing would ever change that. He sat down, she sat across from him, and he began to tutor her in voice. A/N: I was torn between naming the moust Dylan, the fanon name for him as I just foun out, or Danny, so it would fit better with other scenes in future. The name of his toora-loora (Irish Lullaby) Nan was no trouble. If you look at the grave that appears as he's singing his song in the movie, the name written on the headstone is Nan. As you can see, I finally went with the fanon name.[Chapter 2] Song Of The Irish 1 (A/N: Should I go with the name Dylan, or with the name Danny, I wonder?) Once Upon A Time In Ireland Nan sat in her bedroom, humming and brushing her hair. She fixed it up then rose, gracefully going down the stairs of her house and humming a traditional tune. She walked out into her garden and bent, beginning to tend to it. \"Mary, Mary, quite contrary, how does yer garden grow? With silver bells and cockle shells and pretty maids all in a row,\" a voice sang gently to her. She shivered and grinned, smelling a flower she'd plucked. She rose and turned to see the young man leaning over her fence and looking so lovingly at her that she was hardly aware of anything else. \"Oh Danny boy, the pipes the pipes are calling,\" she sang to him. She giggled and went up to the fence. \"Keep singin' love. Ya know I can't get enough o' yer voice,\" Dylan insisted, lightly stroking her cheek with a finger. She grinned at him adoringly then walked back to her garden, leaving him at the fence. Not that he minded. She was fully aware that he was perfectly satisfied just watching her at work; and she admitted, sometimes she played it up prompting a soft chuckle from him. And a chaste kiss on the forehead, if he was feeling daring. Soon enough she'd gathered her apron full of flowers and rose, bringing them to a barrel. She would sell them later to help her family with money problems which were hitting Ireland harder and harder these days. It was getting more and more difficult to scrounge out a living with all the cats that had been invading recently. Starvation and poverty were widespread here these days. She returned to him with three flowers, cradling them. She gave him each one. \"Backwards, love, I know, but I don't care,\" she said before he could speak. \"Yer worse off than even us.\" He ruefully smiled. He couldn't argue that. She had her parents still. His had died some time ago without leaving a will. The only thing he still had was the house, and even that was iffy. \"Nan, is that Dylan?\" her father agitatedly called from the porch. Nan frowned cutely and turned. \"Aye papa,\" she replied. Dylan smirked affectionately at her. It was no secret her father wasn't a fan of his. He had little regard for minstrels, let alone penniless ones. Only the best for his little girl; but she would have none of it when it came to him. Her father could give her a palace and her devotion would stay with the poor boy from down the lane. Princes and kings were nothing to the peasant mouse. \"I told ya lad, not ta come 'ere anymore,\" her father said, coming down to the fence looking displeased. She looked sadly down. She loved her father dearly, but his treatment of Dylan was intolerable. Dylan watched unhappily. He hated seeing her looking sad. \"Me apologies sir, I'll be on my way then,\" Dylan replied, tipping his hat respectfully. Nan looked sadly up at him. He smirked at her and lightly kissed her hand. \"May the road rise ta meet ya, Nan,\" he said. She felt him slip something into her other hand. With that he walked away. AAT \"No good poor boy,\" her father growled. \"We aren't much better off papa,\" Nan said calmly. Her father walked back inside where her mother was. She looked into her hand and saw the note Dylan had slipped there. She smiled softly and opened it. She grinned. Meet him in the fields by the hills. She closed her eyes lovingly, holding it close. She tucked it away in her apron pocket then walked inside. \"Must ya be so cruel ta poor Dylan?\" her mother was asking her father. \"'E's no good far our daughter,\" her father replied. \"We 'ave nothing! With no dowry we're lucky a man is even interested in 'er!\" her mother shouted. \"She's a gorgeous wee thing, but that don't mean nothin' if she aren't gonna bring anythin' with 'er.\" \"Dylan 'as nothin'. The boy is starving to death himself ! 'Ow can 'e take care o' 'er? What kind o' life can 'e give sweet Nan?\" her father protested. \"A happy one, papa,\" Nan quietly said from the door. Her parents turned and looked at her. Her father sighed deeply. \"Nan, 'e's a good boy,\" her mother said. \"And 'e's been nothin' if not chaste in their courtship,\" the woman pointedly told her husband. \"They rarely go anywhere without a chaperone, 'e addresses 'er as Miss, 'e stands between 'er and the road, 'e's never taken 'er inta 'is bed. 'E 'asn't even kissed her anywhere but the hand and the cheek if someone's watchin'. What more do ya want in a son, 'usband?\" Her father remained silent and walked from the room. Nan looked sadly down. Her mother went to her and held her, saying, \"There, there love, 'e'll come around.\" \"Yes mama,\" she replied, smiling at her mother. AAT Nan walked from her house. There were no secrets between her and her parents. She had told them in all honesty she was going to meet Dylan. Her father had said nothing but goodbye and be careful, of course. Her mother had said the same. She hurried towards the hill they always sat on together. She spotted him leaning against a tree looking out over the fields. She smiled and moved gracefully towards him. His eyes were closed, a small smile on his lips. He was thinking about something, she knew, a song most likely. He never heard her coming. She sat silently next to him then leaned against his side, resting her head on his shoulder, nuzzling his neck. Dylan softly chuckled and grinned, nuzzling her back, eyes still shut. \"I love ya, Nan. So much,\" he whispered to her. \"Oh Danny boy, oh Danny boy I love you so,\" she softly sang. \"Keep on darlin',\" he prompted in a whisper. She giggled and obliged, singing: Oh Danny boy, the pipes the pipes are calling, From glen to glen, and down the mountain side; The summer's gone, and all the flowers are dying, ' Tis you 'tis you, must go and I must bide. But come ye back, when summer's in the meadow, Or when the valley's hushed and white with snow; And I'll be here, in sunshine or in shadow, Oh Danny boy, oh Danny boy I love you so. And if you come, when all the flowers are dying, And I am dead, as dead I well may be; You'll come and find the place where I am lying, And kneel and say an Ave there for me. And I shall hear, though soft you tread above me, And all my grave will warmer sweeter be; For you will bend, and tell me that you love me, And I shall sleep in peace until you come to me. AAT \"Lass, yer voice is unmatched,\" he softly said. He tilted her chin up and gently pecked her nose. \"I will die befar I let anythin' happen ta ya. May I be the first ta go if ever the time comes.\" She looked worried. Where had this come from? Why was there a look in his eyes…? \"May we die together,\" she corrected, eyes becoming worried at the thought of his death. He laughed lightly. She cutely frowned, saying, \"I mean it Dylan. I don't want ta live a day without ya.\" \"I… I 'ave somethin' ta tell ya lass,\" he remarked, absently plucking at the field. She said nothing, just waited. He closed his eyes tightly. How could a simple confession be so hard to murmur? Taking a deep breath he looked at her and said, \"They… they came again.\" Her eyes widened in fear. \"No…\" she said, shaking her head. The fighter's. They'd been looking for recruits in the village, and their sights were set on the minstrel. \"I plan ta go,\" he finally said, voice quiet and apologetic. \"No, Dylan, no! You're 'ardly a young man, please!\" she pled desperately. \"This 'as gone on long enough, love. I can't watch me country, Ireland, fall apart like this and stand idly by while the cats 'ave their way,\" he declared firmly leaving no room for argument. \"You'll die,\" she said, voice cracking. \"Promise me that if I do , ya shant do a thing ta yerself Nan, far my sake. Live on, love, until old age take ya. Go on livin' yer life. Mourning ends though pain might stay, and I'll wait far ya 'til the end o' yer days,\" he seriously added. Tears in her eyes she leaned into him and sobbed, clinging tightly to him. He wrapped his arms tightly around her and held her close. \"If ya promise me the same, I'll promise you,\" she finally answered. He was quiet a moment. Finally he replied, \"Aye lass. I promise.\" \"Then I promise as well,\" she declared. \"I don't want ya ta die,\" she softly breathed. \"I can't lose ya Dylan.\" \"Hush love, hush. There's no use worryin' 'bout it now. We're safe 'ere. We 'ave time left yet,\" he said softly, kissing away her tears. Gently she picked a beautiful flower. Smiling weakly she tucked it into his vest. He nuzzled her once more. AAT All at once they heard screaming from the village and alarms. They gasped and looked sharply back. \"The cats!\" Nan exclaimed as they shot up. He grabbed her hand and pulled her towards the town. They paused, however, on the top of the hill and looked down. Nan screamed and pulled into him. The cats were destroying everything and anything! They caught and devoured mice from below right in front of their eyes. \"Mama, Papa!\" Nan screamed, seeing her parents' house on fire. She tried to run, but he held her back begging, \"Nan, no! Stay 'ere! There's nothin' we can do!\" She sobbed, falling into him. Quickly he pulled her out of sight of the cats. They waited for hours until finally all got quiet. They looked back, fearful and clinging to each other. He rose, bringing her with him, and quickly they ran down the hill towards the now ruined village. They came into it and looked around in horror at the carnage and ruins. Survivors were wailing and calling to loved ones or digging through rubble desperately. Others sadly looked at their ruined homes or clung to their lucky families tightly. \"Mama, papa,\" Nan numbly said as they neared her house. Dylan didn't dare let go of her hand. They ran towards the home quickly. She threw open the gate and raced inside. \"Mama, papa!\" she screamed. A beam cracked and Dylan gasped, pulling her back out of the way. She screamed and clung to him fearfully. It was then that she saw her mother. \"Mama!\" she screamed, running to the woman. Rather, what was left of her. \"Mama, mama, no!\" she screamed over and over, bursting into tears and pulling her mother's body close. Her clothes were covered in the woman's blood, but Nan didn't let go. AAT Dylan looked around in shock. This reminded him too much of his own parents' demise. He swallowed over a lump in his throat. He heard a groan and gasped. All at once he spotted her father under a pile of debris! \"Nan, yer papa, 'e's alive!\" Dylan called, racing to it. Nan gasped and lowered her mother's body racing over to Dylan. \"Papa!\" she exclaimed, taking the man's hand. The man coughed and opened his eyes. \"Me little Nan,\" he weakly said. \"Papa, I'm 'ere,\" she said through tears. \"I'm 'ere papa.\" \"I approve,\" he suddenly said. \"What?\" she asked. \"What are ya talkin' 'bout, papa?\" she asked. \"I approve of yer choice,\" he said, gesturing to Dylan. \"And if 'e so wishes it, I give 'im me permission ta marry ya.\" \"Papa…\" Nan meekly said. \"Thank ya sir,\" Dylan softly said, tears in his eyes. \"I love ya papa,\" Nan said. \"I love ya darlin',\" he replied. Quietly he fell asleep in death. Nan sobbed, leaning into Dylan miserably. AAT The village had recovered relatively well. Houses had been rebuilt, the ones that couldn't be saved torn down. The dead had been buried and things were relatively back to normal. Nan was still in mourning, though, and her misery hurt Dylan deeply. He'd brought her to his house letting her stay there. He wasn't about to let a lady stay in a place like the shelter. It wasn't proper for unmarried couples to live together, so that left him in the building. He'd done everything for her. He'd sung to her, brought her flowers, and slowly her pain was healing. He made her laugh and smile and where she didn't think it was possible, she loved him more and more. She was in the marketplace selling her flowers to passerby's. She had a decent sum from her parents' will, but not too much. Dylan watched her lovingly. She knew he was watching. She kept stealing glances over at him. He crossed the street and reached her saying, \"Tonight, love, on the hill.\" \"Forward, aren't we Dylan?\" she said, smiling lovingly at him. He chuckled lightly and kissed her hand. \"I 'ave a question far ya,\" he hinted, smiling adoringly. She caught her breath blushing deeply. She covered her mouth saying, \"My gods…\" He smirked mischievously and hurried off before she could say anything else to him. \"'E's goin' ta marry me. 'E's goin' ta marry me!\" she exclaimed excitedly to her recent customers, spinning a stranger around in a circle. Eyes were watching that day, though, very closely. And ears were hearing what they had no right to. Her fairy tale would end in tragedy. AAT She did her hair up beautifully, weaving flowers into it. She hummed and danced around the room, clothing herself in her finest garments, doing her makeup to perfection. She couldn't have anything spoil this. She softly hummed the song Danny Boy , as she got ready. She put on her best hat, took a parasol, and walked out of the home heading towards the hill. She never sensed the danger following her so closely. She reached the hill. He was there, standing on it and looking nervous. She grinned and snuck towards him. He heard, though, and turned quickly. His breath caught in his throat on seeing her. \"N-Nan,\" he barely managed to squeak out. \"Hush darlin', hush,\" she said, putting a finger to his lips. \"Y-ya're beautiful lass,\" he gasped out. She modestly blushed, lowering her head. She took his hands and fingered them saying softly, \"Relax, love, relax.\" She felt him immediately loosening up. All at once he knelt in front of her and produced a small box. She grinned, beaming, longingly waiting for him to ask. \"Nan, I've loved ya since childhood lass. You've been in me dreams since I was a lad. I cannot wait anymore far ya. Nan, will ya marry me?\" \"Yes,\" she said, laughing and kneeling down to him. \"Yes, yes, and a thousand times yes,\" she replied, sobbing and hugging him tightly. He produced the ring and slid it onto her finger gently. \"Oh Dylan!\" she exclaimed, throwing her arms around his neck. The two rose to their feet and Dylan pulled her into a hug again. \"Oh how I love ya lass,\" he murmured, rocking her gently back and forth. \"I love ya too,\" she answered, beaming. Oh immortals, she never wanted to let him go. \"Come on love, let's tell the village the good news. Let's tell the world!\" He laughed at her eagerness as she grabbed his hands and pulled him back towards the town. He scooped her up and spun her around, both laughing. He put her down and they gazed into each other's eyes. Smiles becoming gentle they moved in and softly kissed each other's lips, chaste and lightly. They pulled apart beaming, and she drew him slowly towards the town. There was no rush, after all. They would enjoy what time they had left before he went. AAT All at once a shadow covered them and they gasped, looking quickly up. Nan screamed in terror, pulling back into Dylan. Dylan stared up at the figure in horror. A calico cat! Both shaking, he pushed her quickly behind him and seized a sharp stick from the ground, backing away. \"Dylan,\" she breathed fearfully. He said nothing, just shook his head. There had to be somewhere they could run to escape! The cat laughed coldly, saying, \"What have we here? Two young mice on a lover's stroll, perhaps?\" He swiped a paw at them. Dylan viciously stabbed it. The cat yowled in pain, pulling back. He hissed at the young mouse and his bride to be, teeth bared. \"You stupid boy,\" the cat spat. \"Get down to the village, Nan,\" Dylan said firmly. \"What?\" she asked in fear. \"Go, I'll 'old 'im off,\" Dylan said. \"No! I won't leave you!\" she cried in terror. Immortal fates, please no! She'd lost her parents, her home, her everything! If she lost him too she would die! \"Oh how precious,\" the calico taunted. He swept at them with a paw again. Dylan stabbed viciously as the two mice backed away from the cat. \"You're taking the fun out of this,\" the cat growled. All at once it pounced. Dylan gasped and shoved Nan to the side. The cat grabbed at him with his paw. He darted from it but it pounced, seizing him! AAT \"Dylan!\" he heard her scream. He whirled in time to see teeth coming at him! All at once the cat howled in pain. Dylan looked passed it. Nan, looking terrified, had stabbed the cat's tail! Dylan pulled desperately away and ran for her. Taking her arm he urged her along ahead of him as they madly dashed for the village. All at once the cat leapt in front of them. Nan slid to a stop with a horrified scream. The cat leapt, grabbing her! Dylan bit him viciously. The cat dropped Nan and struck at him. This time the paw met its mark and Dylan flew back, striking his head on a rock and crying out in pain. \"Worthless pest,\" the cat growled. \"No!\" Nan screamed as the cat advanced on her injured lover. She ran at the cat and bit him viciously. The cat screamed in pain the whirled, seizing her and slamming her onto the ground. \"Let go of me!\" she shrieked desperately. She looked back at Dylan. He still wasn't moving. No… No! What if… It couldn't be. She saw him stir and sighed in relief. Odd, since she was in the cat's grasp. The cat saw, however, and he leapt ahead. Dylan shook his head and gasped, seeing the feline pounce. He tried to dodge, but the feline caught him and knocked the rock onto the mouse. Dylan cried out in pain and tried to struggle free, but he couldn't! \"Dylan!\" Nan shrieked, terrified for him. She didn't care what happened to her, just him. \"Leave 'im be!\" she pled to the calico through tears. \"Leave 'im be!\" He gasped, paling. What was she doing? \"Let 'er go! You 'ave me already!\" he shouted at the cat \"Let her go? I can't have fun with you like I plan to with her ,\" the calico hinted, pinning Nan onto the ground and drawing a claw, lifting her skirts. Dylan paled and struggled desperately. Curse the blasted rock the cat had trapped him with! \"No!\" Dylan cried desperately. Nan sobbed in terror. \"No, no, no! Help me!\" she shrieked desperately as she felt the cat's claw. \"Nan!\" Dylan shrieked in terror. Gods, let him wriggle out already! She screamed in pain as the cat viciously attacked. She burst into tears screaming for help, for mercy, as the cat grinned excitedly the whole time. He loved seeing pain. \"Gods, no!\" Dylan cried. He sobbed as he kept struggling. He knew it was hopeless, though. He knew he wouldn't get out from under the rock, but he couldn't stop trying. He couldn't! Finally the cat stopped. Nan was sobbing softly, lying prone on the ground, humiliated and dishonored. She could hardly breathe anymore. The cat laughed coldly and Dylan froze stiff of seeing the look in the beast's eyes. \"No…\" he said again helplessly. All at once the cat snatched her from the ground. She shrieked and desperately struggled, gazing up at it in horror. He heard bones breaking in the feline's jaws. \"Nan!\" he screamed desperately. Then all at once she was silent, then all at once she was gone. The cat cruelly laughed, glaring at the mouse trapped beneath the rock. In a last cruel irony he let her tail fall from his mouth in front of her trapped love, then turned and walked away. AAT He remembered losing himself in time. He remembered being freed by other mice from beneath the stone, pale and quiet. He remembered people wailing over the tail, but he'd just stared. He remembered that there was no wake. How could there be a wake without a body? There was a memorial, a burial, and all this time he'd said and done nothing. He'd just watched dully, almost catatonic. And when everyone had left the graveyard he'd just looked down at the fresh grave and fallen to his knees, resting a hand on the dirt. He drew the flower she'd given him from his vest. How had it not died in all this time? He felt his eyes burning and replaced it. Her song for him came back word for word. Gently he sang, \" And if you come, when all the flowers are dying. And I am dead, as dead I well may be. You'll come and find the place where I am lying. And kneel and say an Ave there for me. And I shall hear, though soft you tread above me. And all my grave will warmer sweeter be. For you will bend, and tell me… that you love me. And I… I shall sleep in peace until you come to me. \" That was when he'd finally given in. That was when he'd burst into uncontrollable tears. He hadn't left the grave for days after. He hadn't slept, he hadn't eaten, he'd only prayed for death every passing moment, prayed the calico would return and finish the job he'd started, begged every immortal and myth he knew of to come and end his misery. But of course the calico never came back again; of course no immortal answered his pleas. And finally, when he felt his body dying from lack of water, he'd remembered the promise he'd made to her. Miserable, he rose, kissed the headstone, and returned to the town.[Chapter 3] Song Of The Irish 1 Stormy Seas Dylan stared blankly and blinked at the ruins of the town and the bodies left behind. Reminiscent of the latest cat attack. The mice were digging out survivors, mourning lost loved ones. \"This is only anothair setback,\" the mayor declared. \"Rest assured, these cats will not break us. We will rebuild like always.\" The other mice muttered in agreement, but he just stared. Then all at once he turned his back on them and began walking away, far away. \"Dylan, where are ya goin' lad?\" some of the mice were calling to him. He wouldn't reply. He broke into a run. \"Dylan, wait!\" voices called. \"Dylan!\" He didn't look back, just shook his head violently, trying to erase the images. They would rebuild as always, but this time they would do it without him. He had to go. He had to get out of this country. But oh how he loved Ireland, his home… Yet what life could there be here? Did he really care about life anymore? No, he didn't, but it didn't stop him from leaving behind his security. And the minstrel ran and ran until he reached the docks. He clambered onto the first boat he saw, bound for Germany for some reason, completely bypassing Britain. And in Hamburg he didn't stop. He walked the docks until he saw scores of mice climbing aboard a boat bound for America. He'd heard of America, land of opportunity. Not for a moment did he believe it. Yet mice were talking of streets paved with cheese, saying there were no cats and that opportunity abounded there. Perhaps he would take a chance. And if it were a disappointment, it would be nothing new. He would live with his mistake as he now lived with every other error he'd ever made in his life. He found himself cradling her flower, stroking the petals. He closed his eyes tightly and replaced it. Quickly he used what little money he had to board the boat. Swiftly he climbed aboard. America, land of opportunity. Hah! America, far from Ireland and far from his pained memories. That he could live with. AAT A violent storm had blown up. The boat creaked and groaned, tossed side to side. Lightning flashed and rain poured inside as the windows banged. He watched the young mouse girl shivering and determined now was as good a time as any to end their lesson. \"That's all far today, lass, ya'd best be gettin' back ta yer parents.\" She beamed at him and answered, \"Thank you Dylan, thank you so much.\" Quickly she raced off to tell her parents about her new teacher. He guessed as much when the couple kept looking over at him. Suspicion fell to approval, he noted, as papa recognized him as the Irish mouse who had sung with such emotion. They nodded and looked away, and that was that. He curled up in a corner trying to preserve body heat. He watched as the water in the hold soaked luggage and mice alike. He watched the three mice in the tin can floating back and forth and looking greener by the second. They finally threw up when a chubby mouse child offered them a bite of his snack. Dylan shook his head and looked around. A depressing scene, really. He noticed Fievel, as Tanya had told him her brother was named, float into the hold on a bar of soap, caught in a bubble. He hadn't even noticed the child had left. It slightly concerned him. A boy that slippery, no pun intended, would only cause grief for his parents and himself. \"Fievel, come sit next to us by the fire,\" Papa Mousekewitz said. \"Yes papa,\" Fievel replied. The ship tilted, though, and Fievel was swept out of the hold. Dylan stood straight, slightly concerned. The boy had been moving fast. Very fast. Apparently his father sensed it as well, and the rest of his family. Papa rose and immediately went after the boy. Tanya looked concerned. She met his eyes and for a moment her expression looked pleading. Given the chance he knew what she would ask of him. So he would oblige. He followed papa out of the hold and into the main part of the ship. \"Fievel, Fievel my son, come back!\" he heard papa screaming. Dylan stiffened and frowned. Immediately he began to run. That didn't sound good at all. He slid around a corner and gasped as the boy called back to his father, \"I'm getting my hat!\" Dylan looked sharply up at the door and paled. If the child went out in that storm, he'd never come back! He saw the live fish that had been swept in with the last wave. The child was foolish and careless, reckless and slippery. His father desperately climbed after him, but the man was too slow. Dylan raced forward. All at once, with a terrifying shriek the child was swept out the door! AAT \"Fievel!\" Papa cried in terror. Hurriedly Papa disappeared as well. Dylan shot up the ropes and burst out onto the deck looking quickly around. Where were they? \"Papa! Papa, help!\" he heard Fievel screaming. He looked sharply up and gasped. How had the child gotten up onto the mast?! \"Fievel, my son! Fievel!\" Papa shrieked desperately. Dylan raced ahead, but all at once a particularly violent wave struck the ship! Dylan cried out in pain and fear as it pulled him towards the edge! Gasping he grabbed onto some rope and wrapped it around his wrist. If he let go, the rope would still hold him. He heard the shriek, though, and looked up. Fievel had let go and the wave was carrying him out to sea! Papa was ensnared in ropes, shrieking and calling desperately to his son, struggling to get free and sobbing uncontrollably. Dylan gritted his teeth. If he didn't get the man out of that net, both father and son would be swept away leaving only the mother as provider. He let go and scampered towards the Russian mouse. \"Papa Mousekewitz!\" he called. Papa looked down in shock and screamed, \"Dylan, help me, get me down! I must go after Fievel!\" Dylan almost laughed. The mouse wouldn't reach his son now. Nonetheless he scampered up and quickly untied Papa. Papa ran for the edge and would have leapt into the ocean without a thought, but Dylan tackled him and held him down crying out, \"No, sir, ya can't! It's too late far the boy! 'E's gone, papa, gone! Ya go inta that water and you'll be no bettair off!\" \"No, Fievel! Let me go! Fievel!\" Papa cried. Dylan rolled him over and struck him, snapping him out of his hysterics. \"It's too late, Papa. Maybe 'e's still alive, but we won't be if another wave comes. Will ya leave yer wife and daughters alone in the world?\" Papa blinked, recalling the rest of his family. All at once he burst into uncontrollable tears. Nonetheless he rose and allowed the younger Irish mouse to guide him back down to safety. AAT The mice in the hold watched miserably as the Mousekewitz family bewailed their lost child. Tanya, however, hadn't shed a tear. She looked desperate, afraid, and she begged her father saying, \"Papa, please, don't cry! Papa, Fievel's alive, I know he is. He'll make it, you'll see. We have to find him! When we reach shore, papa, we need to search for him.\" \"Enough!\" Mama suddenly and viciously shrieked at her daughter. Tanya caught her breath and pulled back. Calming down Mama whispered harshly, \"Enough. Your brother is dead. Do not make this harder than it is.\" \"M-mama, p-papa?\" Tanya meekly asked. They didn't look at her. Tears came to her eyes and she sobbed. \"He's alive, I know he is! He's alive!\" she screamed. Dylan quickly brought her to the side away from her parents. She collapsed into him screaming, \"My brother isn't dead, he isn't! I know it! You believe me Dylan, don't you?\" she asked, pleadingly looking up at her mentor. He blinked at her and said nothing. After a moment he answered, \"Do ya feel it in yer 'eart, lass?\" Tanya swallowed then looked down, saying, \"Yes.\" \"Then 'e's alive as long as ya feel 'e is,\" Dylan replied. \"Don't give up on yer papa, lass. Maybe soon they'll come around as well.\" \"How? It's impossible. They won't believe me, and if they don't believe me we'll never find Fievel again ,\" Tanya sadly said. \"Papa could play his violin, play Fievel's song, and Fievel might hear it and find us, but he won't play it unless he believes.\" \"Lass, do not lose hope,\" Dylan gently said. He felt like a hypocrite, but just because he'd long ago given up on hope didn't mean she had to. She sniffed and smiled bravely, nodding. She hugged him tightly. He blinked blankly then finally held her back, patting her. She pulled away and went back towards Papa. But where was Mama? He had his answer quickly enough. AAT \"How dare you,\" a voice lowly said. Dylan gasped and turned. There was none other than Mama! \"Mrs. Mousekewitz,\" he said in shock. \"You should be ashamed of yourself, putting ideas into my little angel's head. You dare to tell her not to lose hope, that her brother is alive?!\" she shrieked. Now everyone was staring at them, and the eyes of the Mousekewitz's bore into his very being. Dylan blinked. How could he respond to this? \"Mama, leave him alone!\" Tanya cried, scared for her teacher and worried they would forbid her from seeing him again. \"Be quiet Tanya,\" Papa lowly said, voice quaking with anger and hate as he rose, fists balled. Tanya held Yasha tightly, the latter of which had begun to cry on sensing her whole family balance being thrown off. Dylan looked down sadly then back up. Firmly he replied, \"I give 'er 'ope! Without 'ope, what do we have, Mousekewitz's? I should know. I long ago lost me 'ope. I 'ave nothin' left, nothin' ! But gods strike me down if I take away a child's dreams from 'er. If the lass believes 'er brother is alive, then so do I. At least someone on his ship will still 'ave 'ope! Ya'd do well ta take a lesson from the innocence of a child, lest ya all farget what it was like bein' carefree. I did long ago!\" AAT The Mousekewitz's and the ship were silent as they gazed at the young Irishman who had spoken wisely for one his age. \"You are hardly a boy,\" Papa finally remarked. His fists were no longer balled, and all that was on his face was sympathy and pity. And Mama… she had begun to silently cry as she looked at the man, could she even call him a man, who couldn't be more than twenty if that. A boy that should still have had his hope, still have had innocence and life burning in him; but here he was, mature and bitter beyond his years, forced to become that way, but still a child. All they saw was a shell, broken and weak yet somehow strong. \"Just… just a boy…\" Papa repeated, tears coming to his own eyes. Dylan felt tears burning his own. Angrily he turned and walked away, leaving the hold. He would find somewhere else to sleep until this nightmare was over with. \"Dylan, wait!\" he heard Mama cry after him. He'd hoped he would be left alone, but as he lay that night shivering and cold, half awake and half asleep, he heard footsteps nearing. He couldn't find the will power to open his eyes. Let whatever it may be come, be it friend of foe. He didn't care. Then he felt a blanket softly placed over him and wrapped, warming him. \"You were right, child,\" he heard Papa whisper quietly. \"We should bring him back into the hold where it is warm,\" he heard Mama mutter as her hand gently stroked his head. He tried to wake up and protest, he didn't want to go back in there, but he was through fighting to be awake. He whimpered and she soothed, \"Hush young one. Papa has you.\" All he knew was that in the next moment he was scooped up and brought back into the hold, for that was where he woke the next morning, the Mousekewitz's close at hand.[Chapter 4] Song Of The Irish 1 America It was silent in the hold; almost unbearably so. Dylan sat across from Tanya teaching her some tips. She wasn't completely in it, he knew. After all, she'd just lost her little brother. This was the closest thing to a respite she had. \"Lass, 'ave ya tried song writin'?\" he finally asked. \"Huh?\" she asked, coming back to herself rather suddenly from singing a simple hymn he'd taught her, using the proper tones and staying in key. \"Song writin',\" he repeated. \"You mean coming up with my own music?\" she asked, eyes wide. He smirked and nodded. \"W-well, I guess, kind of. But-but no one likes them. At least I don't think so. Mama and papa pretend they do, but someone told me once they weren't very good.\" \"Show me,\" Dylan simply said. \"You mean it?\" she asked. \"Aye,\" he confirmed. She looked like she was pondering it. He could sense she wanted to, but she was probably afraid of what he'd say. She didn't want her little heart, broken again. \"Okay, but promise you won't be mean and tell me to give up,\" she said. \"The one who told ya such a thing, lass, did no' know what 'e was talkin' about,\" Dylan said firmly. Tanya looked unconvinced. Nonetheless she raced back to her family and pulled some things from her small bag. Quickly she returned to him and handed them over blushing in embarrassment. He took them and looked over the words. Pity there was no musical notes above it so he could see where she was going with it tune wise. \"Well?\" she asked hopefully. \"The words are interestin' lass. Mature far a girl yer age, but good. Pity ya 'ave no music ta go along with it. Sing a bit to me, Tanya. I can teach ya how ta write it down,\" he said. Theory would give her a break from singing, something she obviously wasn't into at this point in time. \"I-I don't know,\" she replied. \"What if no one likes it?\" \"Tanya, I can guarantee ya most o' these mice don't know the first thing about music. They are broken, holding on ta one dream. Anythin' would be welcomed now,\" Dylan assured. AAT Tanya looked around nervously. Nonetheless, she wanted to do this. Besides, Dylan was there to defend her. Biting her lower lip uncertainly she nodded timidly. He smiled and ruffled her hair playfully. She smirked and took a deep breath, singing, \" Do you ever miss, the girl you left behind? \" He shuddered at the words. If not for the fact she'd started it out relatively happy sounding, he would have ended up in a depressive funk again. He had an answer to that one. Her family sharply looked over. \"Oh no, she's going to sing, papa! What if they make fun of our baby?\" Mama fearfully asked. \"She is good, Mama. Dylan acknowledged it himself,\" Papa assured. Nonetheless he looked nervous. She'd never been trained before. Tanya continued, singing: Is the girl you left behind out there tonight romancin'? Makin' eyes at someone else and singin', or is she dancin'? Only the girl you left behind you dream her when you're sleepin'. Puts the teardrops in your eyes from secrets she is keepin'. Happy just playin' a tune and dance the whole night away. Hope the girl you left behind will be there for you someday. Lonely is the wind that blows, you know you'll always miss her. Lonely is a lover's heart if only you could, kiss her, kiss her, kiss her. All the girls y'all leave behind could fill up California. Just don't leave them too darn long, I think I outta warn ya. Absence makes the heart go cold and makes a heart to wander. If you stay there by their sides you'll feel their hearts grow fonder. Dylan caught on instantly to the duet format she'd lain out as she cued him. His eyes widened. He had no time to refuse, and he desperately wanted to, but his student was relying on him. Immediately he took up the cue, singing: Hope to see her someday, hope I find my way, back to the girl I left behind. Tanya beamed excitedly, grinning. He had hit exactly what she'd had in mind! Immediately she continued: So tell me you will never roam! He repeated, \" We swear we won't go roaming. \" She sang, \" You'll be by your fireside! \" He replied, \" We'll all be home sweet home and kiss her, kiss her, kiss her. \" Tanya laughed excitedly. The other mice had joined in also as she danced and spun around the hold, pulling Dylan with her. He began to laugh and she grew more excited. It was the first time she'd ever heard him full out laugh! And his ears, they had almost perked all the way. Not quite, but almost. Quickly she continued, \" So where's the girl you left behind?! \" Dylan and the other mice sang, \" She's waitin' for her sister. We won't stop until we're home we'll hug and hug and kiss her. I'll find the girl, I'll find the girl, I'll find the girl, I'll find the girl. Go find the girl you (I) left behind, Tonight, tonight, tonight, that's right, alright! AAT Everyone burst into applause for Tanya. Tanya grinned excitedly up at Dylan. Quickly they retreated. \"Lass, that was wonderful!\" he exclaimed. \"Of course it'll only improve as yer voice does.\" \"I know I went off key sometimes,\" she said ruefully, but she was still smirking. \"And some notes I couldn't hit.\" \"That'll come in time, Tanya,\" Dylan assured, putting a reassuring hand on her shoulder. She beamed at him. After a time the two had penned the song down, notes and all. Tanya was brimming over with excitement on learning how to write music. \"Thank you, Dylan, thank you!\" she exclaimed. Immediately she grabbed everything up and raced back to Mama and Papa Mousekewitz. Dylan smiled after her. His smile fell, though. Suddenly he felt very much alone. He looked around the hold sadly. Just then a voice said, \"Dylan, come eat with us.\" Dylan turned curiously. Papa and Mama Mousekewitz? Tanya, he saw, was holding Yasha and jabbering excitedly to her baby sister. Papa had spoken. \"It's all right, Mousekewitz's,\" he replied, smiling sadly. \"We insist, Dylan. You have brought such joy to our little nightingale,\" Mama insisted. \"We have no money to pay you so at least let us do this for you.\" \"Money don't mean anythin' ta me these days,\" Dylan replied. \"If ya don't mind, though, Papa and Mama, I would like ta be alone.\" \"It is not good for a young man to be isolating himself,\" Mama chastised, tsking him and wagging a finger. He blinked then blushed, feeling like a child again. \"And look at you. It's like you haven't had a bite to eat for weeks. Come along this very instant.\" Not quite weeks, but still. \"Do not let sadness consume you, my boy,\" Papa gently remarked. Dylan's eyes widened and became slightly fearful. \"Ah, see. Papa knows these things. Very, very well,\" he added, tears coming to his eyes. Mama closed hers tightly and leaned against her husband. Dylan looked down. \"Come, young one, let us mourn together for our losses.\" \"There is strength in numbers,\" Mama added tearfully, and Dylan found he couldn't refuse. Swallowing over a lump in his throat he nodded weakly. Quietly he followed them. AAT Dylan was up early the next morning. Perhaps saying he was up wasn't the proper term. He'd never slept. He couldn't. He slipped out of the hold unnoticed, heading towards the fireplace. He paused in front of a coal and sat on the ground simply staring at it. He heard snickering behind him and tensed up turning quickly. There behind him stood a small group of mice. He rose slowly and faced them without a word. He didn't like the look of any of them. \"Irishman, beguile us with the songs and tales of Ireland,\" one of the mice sang out. He would have been flattered if not for the sarcasm and teasing lacing the tone. Another taunted him, saying, \"Oh we wouldn't want to hear those, now. After all, it's been said, 'the Irish are men that God made mad. Their wars are merry, their songs are sad.'\" It wasn't meant as an insult when it was originally said, Dylan knew, but this mouse was putting a whole new spin on it. \"I don't 'ave ta hear this,\" he said quietly, trying to walk passed them. Quickly, though, they surrounded him. He looked quickly around. \"I do no' want trouble,\" he said softly. \"What, no merry war?\" one asked. \"It is hardly a war when the sides are not evenly matched,\" a voice declared suddenly and dangerously. The small gang gasped and turned. There stood Papa Mousekewitz and co. Co being his family, the Sicilian mouse and his family, and a group of others. \"Leave the boy alone,\" Papa warned. \"You're weak,\" one growled, roughly shoving Dylan. The mouse's eyes narrowed coldly in what he knew was one of the darkest looks he'd ever worn, and there were very, very few. When they were given, people noticed, and now was no exception. The mice surrounding him stopped chortling and looked suddenly nervous. Quickly they hurried on by. The others looked mildly surprised at this glint in his eyes. They had seemed so dead before, but now to see life in them…? It was a strange sight. As quickly as it had come it was gone, though, and he was back to lifeless. \"Thank ya,\" he quietly said to them all, looking down at the ground. \"Land ho!\" a voice called from above. They all looked up. Immediately there were excited murmurings about the new land, and finally Dylan could slip away unnoticed. AAT He was packing his bags, rather very small bag, when suddenly Tanya's voice said from behind, \"How can we continue my lessons now ? If we can't find each other that is?\" Dylan smirked and lifted his bag. Turning he replied, \"Tanya lass, do no' be gettin' discouraged yet. We'll find each other, just like you'll find yer brother.\" \"Where will you go?\" she asked. \"Can you afford a house?\" \"Ave ya 'eard the tale of the travellin' minstrel?\" he asked, ruefully smiling. \"No,\" she replied, eyes wide. It was obvious she wanted to hear the story. He ruffled her hair and said, \"Another time then, lass. 'Til then trust that I can take care o' myself, and trust we'll see each other. I'll find me own way in New York.\" \"Maybe you could stay with us ,\" Tanya suggested hopefully. \"Just until you find somewhere.\" \"I doubt it lass. Yer family will 'ave enough trouble feedin' themselves let alone an extra,\" Dylan replied. \"Nonesense, Dylan! Of course you would be welcome!\" Papa suddenly said as he, Mama, and Yasha approached. \"Sorry, Mr. Mousekewitz, but this is an offer I'll 'ave ta decline. I do no' want ta be a burden on ya,\" Dylan replied, smiling. \"It is Papa and Mama to you, child, and you will be coming,\" Mama said, waggling her finger. \"Not this time, Mama,\" he answered firmly. Papa and Mama exchanged glances. He was set on not bending. Finally they turned back. \"If you ever need a place to stay, Dylan boy, you're welcome to be with us,\" Papa offered. \"Thank ya sir,\" Dylan replied, tipping his hat and nodding. They turned and hurried to get off the boat. He looked around at the now empty hold. If he left this ship there would be no turning back. He hesitated a moment then swiftly walked off. AAT He watched mice going through immigration with a frown. Names being changed, things being said and done, most of them obviously unfair in every way. He shook his head in disgust. Just as he suspected. America was no different than anywhere else, as much as they liked to believe otherwise. The only difference it seemed was that cats weren't the only ones that were cruel around here. The mice were the same. He spotted the Mousekewitz's. The immigration officer asked their names. Papa told him and immediately the man changed the last name. Hah! Didn't even try to pronounce it. Really now, it wasn't that hard to say. He sadly looked down on hearing Tanya ask, \"Papa, why did they change my name to Tilly?\" Some questions had no answers, he knew, and here the child would quickly learn that the hard way. Papa could only shake his head. He couldn't tell his daughter why. She was too young to fully understand. In what way, shape, or form was the name Tanya hard to say? \"Name please!\" the officer behind the desk repeated. Dylan sharply looked over realizing he was the one being addressed. \"Dylan,\" he quietly replied. They could give him another if they darn well wanted to, his name would remain the same. Not that a name really meant anything to him anymore. Like everything else in his life, nothing mattered. He was just going through it step by step. \"And last name?\" the mouse asked. Dylan said nothing. It was none of his business. The mouse looked at him, annoyed, but on seeing the look in his eyes he instantly backed down and said, \"Get lost.\" Dylan tipped his hat respectfully, not that the mouse would care, and walked quickly away. AAT He walked outside and looked around mouth agape. This place was huge! That was an understatement, in fact. He stared numbly at the mice getting into New York and making their way into the city to find homes. He looked over at the statue that was in the progress of being built. Lady Liberty… she was supposed to be a promise. Of what? She couldn't spin straw into gold. She couldn't make everything bad go away. He saw a pigeon flying towards the immigration office. He raised an eyebrow. Why would a pigeon be heading here? Curiously he watched. As it neared, however, his eyes widened. Something was on her back. Was that… a mouse? But how… Wait. That blue hat. He recognized that hat! He gasped and paled. Fievel?! The pigeon landed on top of a building. Without a thought Dylan raced towards it calling, \"Fievel! Fievel lad, over 'ere!\" The boy gave no sign of having heard, so he assumed he was too far away. All at once the boy fell into the building! Dylan gasped and pushed through the crowds towards it. This was taking too long! It was five minutes before he was finally able to reach the building. His heart was racing. He hoped he hadn't missed him. Cautiously he knocked. He didn't like the looks of this place. There was no answer. Senses heightened he gently pushed open the door and peeked inside. He coughed as a wave of cigar smoke hit him full on. He nearly gagged. Covering his nose and mouth in annoyance he slipped inside only to see a cricket counting money. \"Excuse me,\" he called out. The cricket cried out in fear and quickly looked at him. \"What's that? Who's there? What do you want? I'm just the accountant!\" the cricket said so quickly he could hardly understand it. \"I'm lookin' far a boy in a red shirt and blue hat. 'Is name is Fievel,\" Dylan replied. The cricket looked for a moment alarmed, and Dylan knew immediately he had seen the child. \"Boy, what boy, no boy here? Nope, never was,\" the cricket quickly said. Dylan became nervous. Why was he denying it? \"Do no' lie ta me sir. I know 'e came 'ere,\" Dylan said. \"Boy, oh, um, that one! Uh, th-the boss decided to help him find his family! Yes, that's it! The boss, Warren T. Ca-I mean Rat! Kid was looking for his mommy and daddy and sisters. Yep, Warren T. Rat knows everyone here!\" the cricket quickly said. Dylan didn't believe a word of it. All it served to do was make him more nervous. If this Warren was really helping the child, why hadn't he brought him out into the main immigration building to check the names of those who had disembarked from the ship? He felt like he should leave, like every moment spent here was another minute his life would be in danger. \"Thank ya sir,\" Dylan said. Quickly he walked out of the building not daring to look back. Where would this Warren T. Rat have taken Fievel? He was by no means a detective, and he wouldn't trust the ones here for the life of him, but he couldn't stand idly by while something bad could be happening to the child. He looked back at the building. Fine, he would investigate on his own. Perhaps he could hear something of use. AAT Dylan snuck back into the Immigration office and listened carefully. A new voice was there now. \"What?\" it asked. He was betting it was this Warren T. Rat. \"That's right boss, someone was here looking for the kid!\" the cricket excitedly said. \"Great, just great. That's all we need. Trouble,\" Warren said as he chewed on the cigar. \"Where are my people?\" \"Planning something,\" the cricket answered. \"Good, with luck they'll get rid of the problem,\" Warren said. \"Did the workhouse boss pay you for the boy?\" the cricket asked. Dylan caught his breath. Workhouse?! The boy was hardly five! He wouldn't last long in a place like that! \"Big time,\" Warren answered. \"Maybe the kid will learn something there. Like what not to do when you're a kid in a city.\" \"Leave your parents?\" the cricket asked. \"Exactly,\" Warren replied, tapping ash onto the little cricket's head. AAT Dylan silently slipped back towards the door. To be caught now would be a death sentence. He didn't intend on giving these people the satisfaction. Quickly he slipped out the door. He walked through the crowds. Someone was bound to know about this place. He didn't expect much help from the immigration officers, but then again they had no love for the immigrants. They might be all too happy to send him there. He could play the naïve and eager young man. Quickly he went inside and saw an officer who didn't look busy. \"Excuse me sir,\" he began. The officer looked at him and made a disgusted sound, looking away as if appalled. \"What?\" he asked. \"I've 'eard of place near here lookin' far workers. I'm eager ta get ahead in this new land,\" he said. The officer darkly chuckled, looking at him and smirking. \"Oh sure, boy, I'll tell you where it is,\" he replied, suddenly very friendly. Dylan forced his growing distaste for this land and its people down. If he fell to prejudice he'd be no better than them. The officer carefully relayed instructions to him, putting a hand on his shoulder. \"Thank ya sir,\" Dylan replied, plucking the hand off in distaste. This time he let it show and the officer wasn't impressed. He frowned at the man, but Dylan turned his back and walked off. AAT It had already been close to night when he'd learned of the location. If the 'luck o' the Irish' held out for him the owner would be asleep and the door unlocked. But then again, he hadn't been receiving any of that luck for himself lately. The mouse, or rat, would probably be wide awake and eager to snatch in some helpless fool, and that was exactly what he would be, he realized. A fool for coming here in the first place to help a family he hardly knew, and helpless because he had nothing to fight back with if anything happened. He approached the door and hesitated. After a moment he softly knocked. No reply. He tried the door and was surprised. It was unlocked! Hmm, perhaps the luck of the Irish hadn't completely forsaken him yet. He walked inside and slipped through the shadows heading towards stairs. He heard snoring and peeked around a corner. He gasped on seeing the rodent there, lying on a chair and probably drunk. The workhouse boss was huge! He was practically the size of a cat, and obviously a rat. No mouse could hope to grow that big. Fat, sloppy, but probably abnormally strong. He shuddered on thinking how Fievel must have felt being dragged inside by that mutant. He silently continued on. He reached a door and heard voices from inside. Hope came to his eyes. Softly he knocked and heard panicked whispers ensue. After a moment the door opened, though, and he knew immediately they'd sensed this wasn't their boss. It didn't take a genius to guess that the boss would have been bellowing or barging in, not knocking. Dylan swiftly went inside and shut the door. \"Who are you ?\" a mouse asked. \"Me name is o' no consequence,\" he replied. \"I'm lookin' far a little boy, blue hat red shirt.\" \"A little boy?\" one asked. \"The new slave,\" another said, shaking his head. \"He's not here, and soon none of us will be. The child came up with a way to escape this nightmare! We'd thought of it before, but he… he had the hope and drive to do it. Tony went after him,\" a third declared. \"You'd best be coming with us boy, because you'd be easy prey for the boss.\" Dylan wouldn't argue that . As he gazed around the room he realized in relief that there wasn't much of a female presence. He hadn't seen one woman at all. A good thing, because he knew full well that the rat would have been… putting it mildly, 'rough' with them. He raced to the window and looked out. He couldn't see anyone nearby. In the distance, though, he heard a Brooklyn mouse who sounded slightly Italian as well, calling, \"Hey Filly, Filly, where are ya!?\" Filly? Fievel? Was that possible? He gasped. That little mouse was as elusive as a serpent, and he didn't even know it. Swiftly Dylan swung out the window and clambered down. He wouldn't try his luck sneaking passed the boss again. Alighting on the ground he raced in the direction he'd heard the Brooklyn mouse call from.[Chapter 5] Song Of The Irish 1 (A/N: Last three chapters to be posted today. Hope my readers have enjoyed it. As for the dialogue, I know it's nowhere near accurate to American Tail, but I couldn't look up the actual words they spoke, and YouTube doesn't have any American Tail things on it except a few episodes of the series.) Cats! It was morning when Dylan had wandered to the main market of this area, having completely lost any trail of Fievel or the Brooklyn mouse. He looked around. It was a nice enough area. The alley's, not so much. They were filled with mousetraps. He'd been taught about those at a young age. His parents had ensured their child wouldn't be falling victim to any such thing. He'd been able to snatch a piece of cheese without trouble. Good thing too, because he had absolutely no money to pay for anything. He looked around, trying to judge whether it was worth it to try and sing for money. He didn't know much about the mice in this city. He took a bite of the cheese ponderously as he summed up the area. Just then he heard a stomach grumbling, surprisingly not his own. He looked sharply over only to see three little mouse children looking longingly at the cheese. Their mother noticed, though, and apologetically looked at him, gathering the trio together. Where was the father? Wait. She was wearing black, so were the children. His heart became heavy on realizing what it meant. Mourning, funeral, their father wasn't coming back, and it probably hadn't been too long ago that he'd died. Dylan glanced at the cheese then walked over to the mother. She looked nervously at him, and he knew that she had probably had her share of bad experiences with male mice before. He offered her the cheese wordlessly though. Shocked she reached out and took it, cautiously waiting for some sort of proposition. He just smirked and bowed to her. He left before she could even say a thank you. All at once he heard a voice saying, \"Play Fievel's song, papa. Maybe he'll hear and come find us!\" Tanya! He gasped and swiftly hurried that direction. \"Ah Tanya, not this again. Let it go,\" Papa was insisting. Dylan quickly moved through the crowds and gasped. There he saw them with a cart! He grinned excitedly, actually grinned, and his ears again almost fully perked. Not quite, but almost. The grin fell, though, on seeing what was above them. Fievel was following a young mouse man, probably an older teenager or even around his age, and he had no doubts this mouse was the Brooklyn accented one, Tony he assumed the name was from what the workers had said. Look up, Mousekewitz's look up! Hear your lost child speaking! He tried to call out to them, but the marketplace was too loud. Quickly he raced towards Papa and Tanya. If he could just get to them… AAT All at once there were shrieks of terror and he slid to a stop catching his breath and paling. Shrieks? That could only mean one thing! \"Cats!\" mice began to scream in fear. Dylan gasped on seeing felines suddenly leapt out of seemingly nowhere and attack anything and everything that moved! The mice scrambled in terror, but he stared numbly at them, mouth dropped. No cats in America? Who was the mouse who came up with that ? Wait, he should probably run. Immediately he turned and bolted away. The cats were grabbing mice by the dozens! They were clearing an eighth of the marketplace! Where were the Mousekewitz's? He looked around, terrified for them. All at once he ran into a mouse. The two fell with cries of pain. Quickly they grabbed each other and pulled one another up. On seeing each other they both gasped. Irish! They knew their own well enough. They were both Irish! They heard a growl and sharply turned. A cat had pounced. The duo bolted desperately. \"Micky O'Donnell at yer service,\" the young man said, smiling wryly at Dylan and nodding a greeting, eyes filled with excitement and life; how he should have been, Dylan wryly realized. \"Dylan O'Brian,\" Dylan replied. \"Strange time far introductions,\" he remarked. They dodged a pouncing feline and bolted towards an alley. \"Been ta the Irish quarter lad?\" Micky asked. \"Whole population o' Irish mice.\" \"No. I'll be sure ta find it, lad,\" Dylan replied. \"If we survive this I'll take ya personally,\" Micky said. \"Look out!\" Dylan cried as a cat suddenly attacked. The two hit the ground. The cat quickly turned on them. Both squeaking they tried to bolt. Micky, however, wasn't as lucky. The cat pinned him. Dylan slid to a stop and gasped, turning. He raced back to try and help the other mouse, but he heard breaking bones and Micky lay still. Dylan crouched down low, pale. Just like that the other mouse was gone. Like Nan… just like Nan. He felt tears burning his eyes and desperately tried to get rid of them. He couldn't risk it now. The feline looked up and caught his eyes. Dylan sobbed, shaking his head. He rose up straight. The cat licked its lips and ran at him. All at once, however, he felt himself grabbed by the arm and pulled to the side! He gasped, looking over at his savior. The Brooklyn mouse! \"You!\" Dylan exclaimed. \"Me? What do ya mean me? Never mind. What are ya doin' mousey? Ya wanna be a sittin' duck for them cats?\" Tony demanded. Dylan looked ahead and his eyes widened. This Brooklyn boy was running towards a young Irish lass. The girl's eyes widened on seeing him with Tony. Again, the Irish recognized each other. All at once she screamed. Debris was about to fall over top of all three of them! Tony let him go, crying out in terror, and Dylan dove to the side. He looked back. He couldn't see Tony, but how he hoped he and the girl hadn't been two more casualties of this attack. He heard a scream and quickly looked over. Tanya! He gasped. A metal piece was about to fall on her. \"Tanya, Yasha!\" he heard Papa and Mama scream. Both were trapped by debris already. Tanya clung to Yasha in terror. No, not again. He wouldn't lose another. He raced forward and grabbed Tanya around the waist, pulling her free of the debris and leaping to the side. The three barely missed the metal bar! \"Dylan!\" Tanya exclaimed, and for the life of him he couldn't figure out how it was possible for someone to sound so terrified yet so happy and excited at the same time. Thrill, maybe? He wouldn't question it. The attack was slowly ending as they burrowed under debris in order to hide from the felines. AAT \"Well, Mr. There are no what's , in America?\" Mama icily asked Papa as things calmed. Nervously giggling, Papa replied, \"Cats?\" Dylan face palmed, shaking his head. He looked over at Tanya and Yasha to ensure they were alright. \"Dylan, you're safe!\" Mama exclaimed in relief as she and Papa climbed out of their hiding spots. \"My boy, you are a hero!\" Papa said. \"I wish I had been,\" Dylan quietly said, refusing to meet their eyes. His thoughts were still on Micky. It wasn't even a second before the two adults caught on. Immediately their expressions became horrified, then saddened, then pitying. How he hated pity. At the same time, though, he didn't, if that made any sense. \"Dylan…\" Mama said. \"Child, you have seen far too much for one your age,\" Papa quietly remarked. Dylan felt a burning in his eyes and closed them tightly. Wordlessly he joined the Mousekewitz parents in helping to dig out bodies or help survivors whilst Tanya and Yasha stayed away. Just like Ireland, except this wasn't a land he loved nearly as much. Papa and Mama protested, tried to get him to stay out of it, but no. He wouldn't listen. He just went on listlessly, almost unaware of what anyone was saying to him. He came to Micky's body and paused, looking down on him. \"Aye, another one,\" a voice said from close by. He looked around. No Mousekewitz's, he must had drifted away from them, but there was a fat Irish mouse who seemed slightly drunk. \"Name's Honest John, lad, I could sense ya a mile away. Kin o' the deceased?\" he questioned. \"No sir, just met 'im as we was fleein' from the cats,\" Dylan answered quietly. \"Ah a bard! Yer voice says it all. 'Aven't 'ad a good Irish bard around these parts since… well, a long time, lad,\" Honest John said. Looking at the body again, he added, \"Another name ta make up. Didn't even get the chance ta meet the lad. It's gettin' harder and harder ta know people.\" \"'Is name was Micky O'Donell,\" Dylan said quietly, not wanting the mouse to be buried under a name that wasn't his own. AAT Honest John summed up the young man next to him. Rather, boy, for the lad couldn't be much more than twenty, if that. His eyes softened gently. He saw in this young man suffering and misery; unbearable pain, more than the mere child could ever hope to handle; and John knew immediately that this youth had lost his innocence long ago, lost his hope and his love for life. He was almost catatonic, almost the walking dead in a way, but he sensed a fire burning inside the young man somewhere. A pity he didn't let it out. This boy was resigned to whatever fate had planned for him. He had probably seen far more than even old mice had. He marvelled at how the young mouse simply hadn't given up and killed himself yet. But then this boy pulled a flower from his vest and gazed at it, and John knew immediately. He'd promised some young lass he wouldn't do any such harm to himself. That was the only explanation; and seeing as that lass wasn't standing next to him… John shivered. \"What's yer name, lad?\" John questioned. \"Names mean nothin',\" Dylan answered. \"So we're ta let yer corpse rot, let ya be buried under an unknown title. Ya don't care, do ya?\" John asked. Dylan said nothing, just stroked the flower petals. \"Lad, let yer name be known, so I don't 'ave ta give ya one.\" For a long moment the mouse was silent. Finally he replied, \"Dylan O'Brian.\" \"What was 'ers?\" John questioned. Dylan looked woefully at him. After a moment he answered, \"Nan.\" \"I see. Come to Micky's funeral, lad, and join yer kin. Take strength from our bond and beguile us with songs and tales o' the homeland. Tell us about everything, 'ow Ireland's doin', and maybe even yer own story,\" John offered. Dylan smirked quietly. Finally he nodded. \"Good on ya lad. 'Ere's the directions,\" John said, handing Dylan a paper. Dylan took it sadly. John tipped his hat and left. Dylan looked around for the Mousekewitz's. Spotting them he headed over, Fievel being all but forgotten.[Chapter 6] Song Of The Irish 1 (A/N: Second up today.) The Wind That Shakes The Barley Dylan slipped silently inside the funeral home and looked around at the mourners. No family, no friends, yet still there was mourning. He saw Micky's body on the table. Dylan silently made his way over to it and looked down. He could have become friends with this mouse had he lived. He'd liked his reckless excitement. He crossed his arms looking down. \"Oh, poor lad. Another far the books,\" he heard John say. He didn't look up, he wasn't the one being addressed; silently he moved to the back of the room. \"Yer new here, lad?\" a girl asked. Dylan looked curiously over. \"Aye, just came over on the last boat,\" he replied, smiling courteously. There was a spark of interest in her eyes as she watched him approvingly. Why she approved he had no clue. Compared to most others he was by no stretch of the imagination a catch. \"Did ya know the poor lad?\" she asked, looking to the body. \"I knew 'is name,\" Dylan replied. \"We fled together. He got caught, I got away.\" \"Must 'ave been 'ard ta watch,\" she said. Dylan was silent. If he were to be honest, it really wasn't. Not compared to other things he'd witnessed. \"Aye,\" he simply answered. AAT \"John!\" a high pitched voice said. Dylan cringed and looked sharply over at the origin. In waltzed a rich looking American mouse! He blinked blankly. She and John began to talk, but he only caught parts of the conversation. \"Cover that mouse up!\" she exclaimed, looking at Micky's body. \"An old Irish custom,\" he heard John reply. He couldn't hear much more until the rich mouse declared, \"Something has to be done about these cats. They don't even know the diffwence between wich and poor!\" He couldn't hear the next words, but then she said, \"We must have a wawwy.\" \"A what now?\" John asked. \"A wawwy,\" the mouse repeated. \"You know a gathering of mice…\" \"Oh, you mean a rally!\" John said. \"That's what I said. A wawwy,\" the declared. \"You get the downtown mice, I'll get the rich ones. We meet tomorrow.\" As quickly as she'd come she left. Dylan blinked blankly. He'd never really understood the rich. Not that he hated them like most others did, he just didn't get their mentality. It was beyond him, and he supposed he liked it that way. AAT All at once John was next to him saying, \"Now that that's done, we've been dyin' ta 'ear ya sing, lad. Show us what ya've got.\" \"I don't know…\" Dylan reluctantly began. \"Come on lad, I promised singing so let there be song,\" John said, slinging an arm around Dylan's shoulders. \"Sing a good Irish folk tune,\" he insisted. Dylan mulled it over then nodded. \"Everyone quiet! The minstrel's a goin' ta sing us a song!\" John yelled out. Dylan cringed at the sudden silence, and all the attention on him. He looked them over, trying to decide what to sing. He supposed in his heart he knew what he'd choose long before he'd been put on the spot. But did he dare? Would he be able to contain his pain and anger and misery? The Wind That Shakes The Barley … It hit so close to home, but here, now… Yes, he would risk it all. Risk complete breakdown in front of a room of complete strangers. Better here than anywhere else though, he supposed. They waited patiently. He took a lute a mouse handed to him and looked at it quietly. Finally he began to strum out the tune, and then he began to sing: I sat within the valley green, I sat me with my true love; And sad heart strove to choose between, The old love and the new love. The old for her the new that made me, Think on Ireland dearly; And soft the wind blew down the glade, That shook the golden barley. He regretted this already. His heart shattered with each word, and each moment he prayed for death as he sang and danced amongst his fellow countrymen. Tears in his eyes, he knew, and there wasn't a word spoken, not a mouse moved, as the young Irishman sang. T'was hard the woeful words to frame, To break the ties that bound us; But harder still to bear the shame, Of foreign chains around us. And so I said, \"The mountain glen, I'll seek at morning early; And join the brave United Men, Where soft winds shake the barley. John wiped a tear from his eye. Poor lad. He could hear the pain in each word and it stabbed at his heart as well, and every other Irish mouse there was in the funeral home. Not an eye was dry by now. T'was sad I kissed away her tears, Her arms around me clinging; When true I hear that fateful shot, From out the wildwood ringing. The bullet pierced my true love's breast, In life's young spring so early; And there upon my breast she died, While soft winds shook the barley. There was a sob from somewhere. A woman leaned into her husband weeping. Tightly the husband held her back. Oh immortals, he wanted to just stop singing there and then. He couldn't do this. Oh how he wished pain would end, how he wished he'd died long ago. I bore her to some mountain stream, And many's the summer blossom; I placed with branches soft and green, About her gore-stained bosom. I wept and kissed her clay-cold corpse, Then rushed o'er vale and valley; My vengeance on the foe to wreak, While soft winds shook the barley. Now there was anger in his tone, pure unbridled fury and anguish, and John knew, as did the others, that given the chance, that was exactly what he would do. Cat or no cat, sooner or later this fury and pain would drive him to madness. Now John knew what the fire that burned inside this young Irish mouse was. How rarely it came out, how rarely did it bring life to the boy, but oh they saw life now, blazing in his eyes. There was the young man that had been lost so long ago, the way young men should be. Reckless and animated. T'was blood for blood without remorse, I've taken at Oulert Hollow; I've placed my true love's clay-cold corpse, Where mine full soon may follow. Around her grave I wander drear, Noon, night, and morning early; With breaking heart when e'er I hear, The wind that shakes the barley. AAT The song ended. No applause. Now wasn't the time, and Dylan didn't want to hear it. Neither did the others, it seemed, as not an eye was dry. All were weeping. He backed away to the side once more. He was through. Not another word would pass his lips tonight, despite the compliments and praises showered on him for the performance. He hardly met anyone's eyes. He didn't need to go singing the tale of his life. It had been sung just now in detail, and what wasn't accurate the other mice had determined and replaced with what he had no doubts was the correct story. Silently he went outside onto a balcony. There, looking out towards the ocean, he fell to his knees and burst into heart wrenching sobs, rocking back and forth. From inside John watched piteously. Quietly he shut the drapes, hiding the young mouse from view, and returned to the other mice.[Chapter 7] Song Of The Irish 1 (A/N: Third chapter up today and last chapter in the story.) Orphan Alley Dylan followed the crowds of mice heading to the rally listlessly, hardly looking up from the ground. Honest John hadn't left his side yet, silently walking alongside the young mouse. He didn't know what it was, but something about this young mouse struck a paternal cord in him. He would play father figure, for a time. He looked over at the silent boy and gently put a hand on his shoulder. Dylan glanced wearily up and forced a small smirk. As if that would assure the man. \"I can't say I understand yer pain, Dylan, but I'm sorry far everythin'. No lad should 'ave ta go through an ordeal like that,\" John remarked. \"I don't want sympathy,\" Dylan quietly remarked. \"I wish I could give ya somethin' more, but I'm only a mouse, boy, no matter what me speeches say,\" John declared. Dylan chuckled softly and nodded. \"'Ere's a good spot, lad. You'll get a good view. I 'ave ta move to the stage.\" John swiftly left. Dylan looked up at the stage quietly. Soon enough the rally began. He couldn't see the back of the stage, but he could see the rich woman. All at once a little figure in red and blue darted passed! Dylan started. Was that… No, it couldn't be! But yes, yes it was! Fievel! He immediately began to try and shove passed the other mice, but they would have none of that. He was shoved back into place and shot dirty looks. He wouldn't be getting through this crowd, but maybe the Mousekewitz's, wherever they were, could see Fievel! That hope was dashed when no one cried out the mouse boy's name. He supposed no one would hear anyway over the cheering. Then the rich woman said they had a plan, and he just knew, if only from how outlandish and impossible it sounded, that it had come from the small boy. AAT Dylan wandered restlessly around the worksite. His eyes roamed desperately for any sign of the small boy. He'd seen the Mousekewitz's yet hadn't been able to even talk to them to tell them their beloved child was alive. He frustratedly turned back to working on the Giant Mouse of Mince. He had to admit, he hadn't thought they'd even get this far. It was shaping up nicely, and the plan was almost fool proof. Where was Fievel? He'd spotted Tony and Bridgette, as he learned her name was while working with the duo. Most of the work was done. All they had to do now was wait for six o'clock. All at once he heard screaming. Everyone tensed up as the voice cried, \"Cats, cats! The cats are coming!\" Panic immediately ensued. He gasped and pulled away from the action, swiftly clambering up higher. That was the voice of a child! He reached the top and raced to the ledge, peering out into the dark. Sure enough there was the blue hat racing towards the safety of the other mice! Right behind him were cats galore. Dylan could only stare in shock. Fievel had gotten inside and suddenly he was surrounded as the other mice raced up and tried to distract the cats. It was too early! Fievel was suddenly up there too. Dylan found himself right next to him! He was in arms reach yet he didn't move. Fievel was busy talking. \"He's not a rat, he's a cat!\" Fievel cried. Dylan gasped and looked sharply over. Warren T. Rat, was a cat ? Actually, that wasn't a shocker, thinking back to the short time he'd watched the feline. \"Who are ya going to believe? Me, or your own eyes?\" Warren asked. Dylan scoffed. He had to be kidding. Then he was trying to bargain for Fievel's life in exchange for them leaving! Protectively Dylan put a hand on Fievel's shoulder, the latter of which finally noticed him. The boys eyes widened on recognizing him. Not that either had any time to speak, because suddenly everything was happening at once. The Giant Mouse of Mince wasn't working and desperately they were trying to get it to. Finally the time had come! Fievel darted off and grabbed a torch. Dylan desperately followed him, trying to catch up. He would have done so easily if he hadn't been barrelled into by two other mice. Fievel burned the rope, but suddenly it snapped back and struck him viciously! Dylan gasped and paled. The boy went flying! \"No, Fievel!\" Dylan cried, trying to get to him. The others had it covered, but the boy needed help! AAT He hardly could process how quickly the whole warehouse had caught on fire. All he realized was that suddenly he was alone in the middle of a burning building and dock, trying to find a little boy who could have very easily been killed by the rope snapping back on him. There were sirens; the humans were trying to put out the blaze. Dylan desperately searched through the building coughing on the smoke, even when he got low. \"Fievel, where are ya lad!\" he cried desperately. Then he saw the boy's delicate frame leaning against something. He gasped and for a moment feared the worst. He sprang forward. Debris was about to fall on the child! He grabbed up the boy and raced out from under it. Quickly he carried the boy to an area that appeared to be wet enough for the fire not to reach well. He leapt up onto the object and placed the boy quickly down on the other side of it. Just then, however, a sudden burst of flame caught him, setting his clothes alight. He darted, intending to stop drop and roll, but all at once a jet of water from a hose struck him. He cried out in pain and went flying, nearly drowning in the process. He slammed onto the dock and cried out in pain, rolling. He slid off the edge above the dark water! Desperately he grabbed the edge of the dock and clung onto it, trying to get back up. At least he wasn't on fire anymore, he wryly figured. The dock was slippery, though, and another blast of water suddenly hit him. He let go with a cry of fear and plunged into the ocean! Huge Ocean and small mouse did not mix, he realized in fear. Quickly he swam to the surface coughing. He saw land, but it seemed so far away! Nonetheless he began to swim. The last thing he wanted to be was fish food. And besides, he needed to find Fievel. AAT It seemed like hours before he reached land again, panting, gasping, coughing, soaked, chilled, and exhausted. He wouldn't doubt hypothermia. Weakly he staggered up and leaned against a rock trying to get his bearings. No mouse should have been able to swim that distance without drowning. Why hadn't he been one of those lucky ones? He looked up at the burned building and forced himself to move towards it. It was funny, really, he'd never begun to guess he had this kind of strength and endurance inside of him. Perhaps that was what the mouse fighters of Ireland had seen in him that he hadn't. He made his way to the area he'd left the child, calling, \"Fievel?!\" He stopped and stared. No Fievel. No way. The boy couldn't have possibly scrambled away again! Where would he have gone, though? In his state, surely not far. He looked worriedly around and scanned the ground. He saw tracks there and started. A baby mouse's footsteps. Quickly he began to follow them, hoping the trail didn't dry up. Apparently the boy had awoken only a little while before he'd gotten to this spot. He clambered through the streets looking around for the boy. After a time he came to an alley. Curiously he looked down it. It was dark and not at all a pleasant atmosphere. He looked for a sign and his heart dropped on finding it. Orphan Alley. Fievel. Dylan looked into it and quickly went down, looking around for the familiar blue hat. He saw children all around, sleeping either soundly or miserably on the ground in beds of straw. His heart went out to them. He knew what that was like well enough. He'd only been a young lad when his own parents had died. Too young to have been left alone. He hated feeling helpless, and he felt it now. AAT Then he stopped suddenly. He spotted the red shirt. No hat, but the red shirt, and the shivering mouse child. He stared quietly. He was about to go down and collect the boy when all at once he heard a violin being played, heard a name being called. \"Fievel, Fievel!\" \"Filly, where are ya!?\" another shouted. Tony, he realized. The first that had called had been Tanya. Dylan fell back. Let his family find him. Fievel was awake. He was calling for them, searching for them. Dylan followed from a distance, in case by some unfortunate event they missed each other again. It didn't happen. It almost did, but then… Well, this reunion happening in front of him hadn't spontaneously spawned. He watched from out of sight and smirked quietly. He watched Bridgette and Tony kiss. His smile became sad, his eyes tired, and then the smile fell. Tanya looked over just then, right at him. Her expression was awed. She probably thought he was her brother's guardian angel, judging by the look she was giving him. She gasped, grinned, and was about to run to him, but he shook his head quietly. She paused, grin falling. Not right now, Tanya, not right now, he silently willed. He tipped his hat to the girl then turned and walked away whistling The Winds That Shake The Barley . Tanya watched sadly after him, tears in her eyes, then looked down as the Irishman disappeared into the darkened alley's. ","Summary":" Song Of The Irish 1 I Am Of Ireland He watched the other mice then lay down behind the reel. This t"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"Honor and Love","Author":"ForbiddenRomanceLove","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10107307","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1- A Brilliant Snack/Occasion A grand opening was taking place in the small and desolate town of Green River. The sun was quickly setting behind a sandy desert horizon and there was no time to waste. The cats were waiting; the mice were waiting; and none other than the magnificent Cat R. Waul was the one prepared to make a grand speech. \"Cats and gentle mice, lend me your ears!\" Tanya Mousekewitz, waiting above and watching the scene with her good friend and mentor, Miss Kitty, beamed from ear to ear. Ever since her family had arrived to Green River, this was what they had been working for. Until now only the cats had heard her sing, but now the mice were also going to be welcomed into the saloon now that it was complete. \"I'm so excited!\" she whispered to Miss Kitty, who gave her a kind smile as a response. \"It is my distinguished pleasure to invite all of you to share our dinner- tuff...you to share our triumph! Today we harrel in a momentis new feastival! Feastival-festival!\" Tanya giggled at Cat R. Waul's mispronunciation of the words. \"He's really nervous, isn't he?\" she mentioned to Miss Kitty. Miss Kitty shrugged, not one ever to take much notice to the cat whom she knew as \"Pussy Poo\". \"To mark this brilliant and illustrious snack-occasion..., I will with these golden scissors, hereby cut...the red...ribbon!\" Tanya smiled as Cat R. Waul held the golden scissors to the red ribbon, about to cut. Applause sounded from the mice... But just as he was about to cut the last inch of the ribbon, a pebble was thrown at him, removing the scissors from his grasp. They flew into the air and landed on the ground just a few feet away from the perpetrators. \"Hey Cat R. Waul!\" exclaimed the sheriff Wylie Burp. \"We've come to close ya down!\" Tanya gasped. Wylie Burp was here? B-but, why was he interrupted the opening? \"Ok chaps,\" Cat R. Waul said calmly, \"it's become necessary to put these dogs through obedience school. Kill!\" And so the Cactus Cat Gang marched towards the two ominous figures, and one not to ominous, about to surround them. A dog (Tiger) who had come along with Wylie began to fight like lightning and had already taken out the slingshots of some of Cat R. Waul's gang. \"Ooh!\" Miss Kitty exclaimed, clearly impressed. \"Who's that dog down there with Wylie, he's got thumb stuff!\" Just then Cat R. Waul's best shooter came out with his slingshot of six. He shot once at Tiger's slingshot, then twice, and then the third time sent it spiraling out into space. Tanya stared up after it and it was only when she looked back down again that she saw her own little brother down in front of the saloon with Wylie and Tiger. \"Huh? That's Fievel?\" she exclaimed confused. The Cactus Cat Gang surrounded the trio entirely, ready to get them on order. \"It's too tough kid,\" Wylie said after looking around. \"Get out while you still can.\" \"Ok!\" Tiger said slyly. \"Toodaloo!\" \"Tiger!\" Fievel exclaimed, grabbing his friend's tail. \"Give em the laaaaazy eyyeeee!\" Then Fievel, Wylie and Tiger, all began to give their newly improved version of the lazy eye, appearing both berserk and intimidating and scaring the entire Cactus Cat Gang away. Suddenly there was a loud shot, the bullet going directly through Tiger's hat. \"Morons,\" Cat R. Waul snarled. \"Trigger the mouse trap!\" Miss Kitty gasped. \"It's a giant mouse trap!\" \"What?\" Tanya asked, not believing her own ears. \"I-it's a giant mouse trap!\" Miss Kitty repeated, and Tanya was already on her way. \"T-they're gonna...crush the mice!\" Tanya expertly made her way down the first two flight of steps, her feet not failing her. Suddenly from above her came Chula the spider. \"Going somewhere, little miss?\" he chuckled, his gold tooth flashing in the dim light of the saloon. But it was too late. As Tanya heard Cat R. Waul's strong command of \"Now!\", the mouse trap shut and it was all over. The fighting between Wylie and the Cactus Cat Gang ceased and the sun itself was casting it's last glows across the horizon. Chula held Tanya's hands behind her back with two of his own and brought her outside to see what was happening. By this time Tiger had been captured by the Cactus Cat Gang, but Wylie and Fievel had somehow managed to escape. \"Should we go after 'em boss?\" Fatty, a large grey cat with an eye patch asked. \"I do not believe it necessary, now that our plan has succeeded,\" Cat R. Waul said smartly. He noticed Tanya out of the corner of his eye and gave her the same kind smile he always had. Tanya glared back at him, biting her tongue so as not to cry at what had happened and what her employer had done. \"Now!\" Cat R. Waul said, licking his lips. \"We eat! Mouse burgers!\" The entire Cactus Cat Gang cheered and Chula finally let Tanya go to venture forth and enjoy the feast, leaving Tanya alone in the shadows of the saloon to watch as Tiger was taken to jail by some members. Miss Kitty came from behind her and brought Tanya into the palm of her hand. \"Come on sweetheart,\" she said, petting Tanya's head in the most comforting way she knew how. But it didn't work; Tanya was trembling all over. And so the mouse diva, and the cat diva went back into the saloon while the rest of the cats enjoyed their much awaited meal of mouse burgers. A/N: Well, what do you think? My first chapter of my first story! I tried to keep the details of what the characters said accurate from the parts you know in the movie. From this point on though, unless I'm included flashbacks and whatnot, I'm going to write freely. I hope you liked this first chapter (with it's twisted ending) and I look forward to reading your comments (if there are any). Extra: I named the grey fat cat with the eye patch Fatty because it just seemed the most logical name to give him. I'll be introducing some names for other members of the Cactus Cat Gang so look out for those as well.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2- The Way of Nature Tanya cried as soon as Miss Kitty set her down on her dressing table in their dressing room. \"Aww sweetheart,\" Miss Kitty said, patting Tanya's head. \"I know it's gonna be hard but...you're just gonna have to move past this.\" Tanya sniffed. \"Move past this? M-Miss Kitty...\" she felt her tears well up her in eyes once again. \"How can I forget? How can I forget what he did? I-it was horrible!\" Miss Kitty sniffed. \"Yeah, I a'int so crazy about it either. But Tanya, you weren't the only one who was fooled. I swear to you I didn't know a thing about what was going to happen.\" Tanya shook her head. \"I know you didn't. But now my family...Mama, Papa, Yasha...and even Fievel's gone!\" \"Now honey, you don't know that,\" Miss Kitty said. \"We didn't see the end of what happened, remember?\" \"What else could happen?\" Tanya asked. \"H-he would have killed Fievel and Wylie and that other dog right there and then.\" She paused and turned away from Miss Kitty, still crying. \"I'm all alone now.\" \"No you're not,\" Miss Kitty said reassuringly. \"You've still got me. And,\" as she said this she tilted Tanya's head in her direction. \"I promise you this Tanya: as soon as the next train comes in we're getting outta this here town and going to grand new places. Back to New York maybe. To Broadway! Wouldn't you like that?\" Tanya sniffed one last time and nodded slowly. Suddenly both singers heard a voice they knew all too well. They both turned to the entrance of their dressing room where Cat R. Waul was conversing with one of the cats. \"Jolly, jolly good,\" Cat R. Waul said. \"Now go and make sure to make those train reservations. We wouldn't want to have to sneak aboard again, now will we?\" \"What's going on here?\" Miss Kitty demanded, stepping protectively in front of Tanya as Cat R. Waul came inside. \"Some of my cats will be heading back to New York to round up another meal,\" Cat R. Waul stated matter of factly. \"Until then we'll have all the fish and milk we can eat.\" \"So you're just gonna continue bringing mice out here, just to be eaten?!\" Miss Kitty exclaimed. \"Exactly,\" Cat R. Waul replied and then he noticed Tanya from behind Miss Kitty. \"Ah, Miss Tanya!\" he said, about to take a closer look but Miss Kitty stood in his way. \"You ain't gonna get any closer to her than this!\" she warned. \"I'm warning you, I'll smack you so hard if you so much as lay a finger on her!\" Cat R. Waul glared at her. \"I'd rather give away my left ear than get rid of this...magnificent diva.\" He smiled over to Tanya who only glared back at him. \"Actually, I came here only to tell her that there's another show coming up and she's...\" \"She won't be singin in it! You think the poor girl's gonna sing for you, after what you did to her family?\" \"A star should know when to separate her feelings from her performances,\" Cat R. Waul said coldly. \"And I'd rather she speak for herself, if you wouldn't mind.\" \"Well actually I do mind and...!\" \"It's alright,\" Tanya said, slowly getting up. \"He can talk to me if he wants to. Miss Kitty, please leave us alone.\" \"But..wah...I!\" Miss Kitty sighed. \"Fine. But call for help if you needed.\" She glared at Cat R. Waul one last time and then left the room. Cat R. Waul turned to Tanya. \"Now, as I've said...\" \"I'm not singing anymore,\" Tanya said bitterly. \"What?\" the distinguished cat asked. Tanya looked away. \"I'm not singing and I won't sing for you ever again.\" Cat R. Waul's eyes widened and he was just about to retort something back, but then Chula climbed in and announced that they had captured one of the trio who had tried to close them down. \"Which one?\" Cat R. Waul asked. \"Eh...not the mouse or Wylie,\" the tarantula replied. \"The other one. We don't know who he is boss, but we'll find out.\" \"I'll be the only one doing the interrogations!\" Cat R. Waul said, about to follow Chula out through the curtain. He turned back towards Tanya and his eyes gleamed for just a minute. \"Remember this, Miss Tanya,\" he said. \"Cats eat mice. That is simply the way of nature.\" And then he left. Tanya faced her reflection in the mirror, sadness showing fully in her eyes and on her face. She burried her head in her lap and continued crying. She would never forgive Cat R. Waul for what he had done. Never . A/N: There we go! Second chapter! If anyone's wondering what happened to Fievel, don't worry, you'll see him in the next chapter. Yep, that's about it. Extra: I finally found a cover for this story and I've uploaded and updated it. Hope it works![Chapter 3] Chapter 3- Fievel's Plan It had been a few hours since Tanya had spoken with Cat R. Waul and finally she stopped crying. Since then she had changed out of her performance gown and back into her normal dress. She had taken off her makeup and there was nothing to show that she had ever been a singer. The only one she had seen since sunset was Miss Kitty who came to bring her food. The rest of the cats had gone to sleep and Tanya was alone. Just as the sun was rising though and Tanya was starting to wake up from her short nap, she heard a creeping sound in the dressing room. \"Miss Kitty?\" she called out into the darkness. \"Is that you?\" There was a rustling sound and then Tanya suddenly heard a noise very close to her. \"W-who is it?\" she called out again, grabbing a nearby needle to defend herself. \"Tanya, it's me!\" called the voice. Tanya gasped. \"Fievel!?\" Then Fievel came into view on her dressing table. Tanya smiled for the first time that day and went to hug her little brother. \"Oh Fievel! Where were you? I-I thought you were...\" \"Ssh, there's no time to explain!\" Fievel said, glancing around cautiously. Already from inside the saloon some cats were starting to wake up. \"What are you doing here?\" Tanya asked, unable to contain her questions. \"Why are you...?\" \"Tanya, I'm so sorry!\" Fievel apologized. \"For what?\" \"For not being able to get there in time to stop Cat R. Waul,\" Fievel explained. \"Because of me, Mama and Papa are now...\" he sniffed, crying as well. \"A-and Wylie's disappeared and even Tiger's captured.\" \"Tiger?!\" Tanya gasped. This was news to her. \"You mean Tiger was the other dog who was with you and Wylie?\" Fievel nodded. \"Yeah, but now he's captured by the Cactus Cat Gang.\" Tanya sighed. \"Fievel, I want to help Tiger but I can't. Miss Kitty and I have to get out of Green River. We can't stay here any longer.\" \"No!\" Fievel cried. \"You have to!\" Tanya was confused. \"But why?\" \"Cat R. Waul's going to bring new mice here to eat, right?\" Fievel asked. Tanya nodded. \"Well we can't let him do that! That's why I'm going back to get help. First I'll try to find Wylie, and then we need to free Tiger.\" Tanya shook her head. \"It's no use. He's being heavily guarded and they don't even know who he is. We need way more help to stop the cats.\" Fievel nodded. \"You're right. Oh, wait! What if I go back east and get more mice to help us?\" \"Back to New York?\" \"Yeah. I'll find someone, I promise! But first I have to find Wylie Burp and get him to come back. Do you know where he is Tanya?\" Tanya shook her head. \"No, but if I find him I'll talk to him about helping us.\" \"What about your plan with Miss Kitty? Do you know when the next train leaves?\" \"Later today I think.\" \"Can I hide out here until then?\" Tanya nodded and hugged her brother again. Suddenly the mouse siblings heard sounds from inside the saloon and then a yawn from their own room. \"No one can know you're here!\" Tanya gasped, taking Fievel's hand and leading him to the far corners of the room where Miss Kitty kept her old costumes. \"Hide here until sunset and then I'll come for you when it's safe.\" Fievel nodded and scurried into the fabrics, unseen and unnoticed. Tanya quickly climbed back onto the dresser, and faced the doorway as Miss Kitty woke up from her bed. \"Ooh, what time is it?\" she asked. \"Morning, I think,\" Tanya answered. Miss Kitty yawned again and then sat up in her bed. \"I'll get you some breakfast and then I'll go see about those tickets.\" \"Miss Kitty!\" Tanya called, about to tell her about Fievel's plan, but just then Cat R. Waul came into the room and Tanya fell silent. \"Good morning ladies!\" Cat R. Waul said cheerfully. \"A jolly good day to you both.\" \"Whaddia you want?\" Miss Kitty asked in a grumpy manner. Cat R. Waul cleared his throat and faced Tanya. \"Now my dear, have you thought about what I told you yesterday?\" \"Yes,\" Tanya said, crossing her arms. \"And I'm not still not singing.\" Cat R. Waul growled, clearly displeased with her answers. \"Fine then.\" He turned to Miss Kitty. \"You in turn will be doing the morning show. Time to give a chaps a change of scenery.\" He glanced one more time at Tanya and then left the room. Miss Kitty sighed and began to search through her costumes for a decent dress. \"We gotta do what he says for now sweetie,\" she said, finally picking out a pretty pink dress. \"And until I get those tickets you gotta lay low.\" \"But...!\" tanya protested but Miss Kitty was already gone. Sighing, she went over to the pile of clothes where Fievel was still hiding. \"Fievel?\" she called down. \"You've gotta tell Miss Kitty about the plan before I leave today,\" Fievel said. \"She's a good cat and maybe she can find out a way to free Tiger.\" \"What will you do until the train leaves?\" Tanya asked. She knew her brother to well to expect him to stay hidden and lay low. Fievel climbed out from under the clothes. \"I'm going to go find Wylie.\" And he was off before Tanya could say another word. A/N: Chapter 3 is out, enjoy! I haven't gotten any reviews, etc. yet, but I am glad to see that some people are at least viewing this story, so thanks for that! :3[Chapter 4] Chapter 4- The Prisoner Miss Kitty smartly made her way through the bar and out into the desert heat. She had tried bringing Tanya some breakfast, but she couldn't find her little co-star anywhere. At first Miss Kitty was afraid that Tanya might've run away, but then she found a note on Tanya's dresser saying that she had gone out and would be back for the night show. I don't think she'll be singin though , Miss Kitty thought, slightly amused at how Cat R. Waul wouldn't like the thought of that just one bit. That British diplomat-like cat was a lover of the arts and no doubt to him Tanya's voice was a beautiful source of music that must be shared with the world, or in this case, the Cactus Cat Gang. I wonder what he was planning on doing with Tanya after he's through here, Miss Kitty said, because she knew her employer well and he never stayed in one place for too long. After all, once he was done with Paris where Miss Kitty had first met him, he moved on to Boston and then some small town in Florida and then New York City, and finally Green River. But the law would always catch up to him. And someday, I hope they'll get him for good , Miss Kitty thought as she was served some food (a mouse leg in this case) while waiting in a line. Of course the more courteous cats let her up front. Miss Kitty looked down a bit disgustedly at the food and then pushed it away. She was a feline alright, but she was no mouse eater. \"Give me a rare Shorty,\" she said, referring to a very short yellow cat whose name was in fact Shorty. After receiving her order of a rare chicken wing (cooked from a stolen chicken from a barn), she made her way to the back of the bar where there was a hidden door leading down to a cellar room underneath the saloon. \"Who's there?\" Fatty asked. He happened to be the one on guard duty while some of his fellow cats were busy eating mice. Miss Kitty sniffed and purred in a low voice. She knew that Fatty had always liked her, and he was so easy to fool after all. \"Give me five minutes,\" she said. \"And I'll give ya something to nibble on.\" Fatty would have probably gone against Cat R. Waul's orders and let Miss Kitty in anyway. \"Five minutes then...ma'am,\" he said, courteously taking off his hat and letting Miss Kitty pass through the first set of prison grates. Still separated by another set of prison grates, beyond her and into the darkness she heard the breathing of the prisoner, that third dog that had been with Wylie and Fievel the other night. \"Here, I brought ya something to eat,\" she said, kneeling down and gently sliding the plate over into the dark cell. She couldn't see very well who it was, but they gratefully took the plate and began eating the chicken leg. It was Tiger in fact, and he couldn't have been happier at seeing Miss Kitty. \"Mmm, thank you!\" he said through a mouthful. His voice was still rough and dog-like, just like Wylie had told him that it had to be. Despite being captured, the cats still didn't know who Tiger was and he learned well enough to keep his identity a secret. He already knew about Fievel's plan because the brave little mouse had snuck down earlier to tell him about it, so he was still holding onto a glimmer of hope despite being in quite a predicament himself. Cat R. Waul had tried questioning him earlier that day, but Tiger had refused to answer. Chula had been present as well, and that was just about the only thing that Tiger was scared of. Trained or not, dog or not, he was scared of Chula and probably would be unless he had cause to be so otherwise. Luckily, Cat R. Waul hadn't gotten much out of him as Tiger did not reveal his weakness. Miss Kitty nodded kindly and sat down. \"So, you were with Wylie yesterday, huh?\" Tiger stopped eating and wiped his mouth. \"Yeah. I'm sorry thought. I guess we didn't get there on time.\" Miss Kitty raised an eyebrow. \"You sound familiar. Have we met before?\" \"I...er...\" Tiger bit his finger nervously, wondering if he should tell her who he was. Ah! Think Tiger! What would Fievel want you to do? What would Wylie want you to do?! Should you tell her? She's the love of your life! And for a moment Tiger was almost lost in his thoughts of love and how it used to be with him and Miss Kitty, but he shook those off firmly. Ah no! It's better this way if I just keep my identity a secret. At least until Fievel comes back . And so he lied. \"Sorry ma'am, but I don't think you,\" he said. Miss Kitty sighed. \"Well, I'll be coming back to check up on ya later. Don't let those cats be too tough on you, ok dog?\" Tiger responded with a very dog-like \"ruff\" and then Miss Kitty left. It's for the best Tiger, he thought as he watched her go. It's for the best. A/N: Fourth chapter is finally out! Sorry it took longer this time, but it's been a busy weekend! I hope you enjoy this chapter, and more of Tanya in the next one! I just thought it necessary to get a bit of Tiger and Miss Kitty out there since Tiger's still an important character. Extra: I'd like to extend personal thanks to goblinesque for being the first person to comment, and the first person to follow! It means to much to me so thank you thank you thank you tons![Chapter 5] Chapter 5- Wylie's Departure Tanya weaved her way through the narrow cracks and creaks of Cat R. Waul's saloon and finally reached the exit. Stepping outside into the desert dust and heat, she looked around to see if any of the cats were standing guard, but luckily they weren't. Most of them were either on shifts guarding the prisoner they had captured, and the rest were preparing to go off on the next train. Tanya sighed and sat down on the top wooden step of the jailhouse building right next to the train station. Looking down on the tracks, she saw no sign of the train but just miles and miles of empty track. I might be on that train tonight , Tanya thought, but at the same time that she wanted to leave Green River, she knew that she had to go along with Fievel's plan and stay there. Speaking of which, I still have to tell Miss Kitty about it. Tanya suddenly heard footsteps behind her, and she turned expecting to find herself face to face with either a cat or maybe it was just a human moving about, but instead she saw a dog. A rather familiar dog whom she'd seen heroically trying to save the mice earlier. \"Wylie Burp?!\" she called out excitedly. She stood to face him just as Wylie noticed her presence. Tanya smiled up at him, a new hope forming in her. If Wylie was still there, and if they somehow managed to get the prisoner out, and of course with the help Fievel was going to get, they could definitely overthrow Cat R. Waul and the Cactus Cat Gang! But once she saw that Wylie Burp was ignoring her and...wait a minute...was he packing ?! Tanya didn't want to believe it was true, but it was. Wylie Burp was packing some things into a bag at the end of a long stick and by the looks of what he was packing, his dish, his bone, and even his glimmering sheriff's badge, he was leaving ! \"W-where are you going?\" she asked, stepping forward. Wylie looked down at her sadly. \"I'm going far over that hill kid. Far...far over.\" Tanya looked around to see the hill he was talking about, but then it dawned on her that he was speaking figuratively. \"What do you mean?\" she asked, turning to him again. \"Weren't you trying to help Fievel save everyone earlier?\" Wylie stopped packing for a moment, and looked down at her almost sadly. \"Fievel? Is Fievel still around?\" Tanya nodded. \"Yes and he's going back to get help!\" she exclaimed. Wylie sighed and almost smiled a bit. \"That kid's got the stuff in him all right,\" he muttered and then he continued packing. Tanya was just about to ask him another question but then he spoke again. \"T-tell him I'm sorry that I couldn't help him. I'm just too old for this. I told him that I was doggone tired of the cat and dogs fighting cats and dogs world, but he still believed in me. It...\" And at this point Wylie bent down and picked up his sheriff badge from the bag. \"It...isn't my world anymore.\" And he handed the badge to Tanya. \"Give him this when you see him,\" Wylie said, and then he tied up his pack. Tanya glanced from Wylie to the badge and back again. \"B-but wait a minute! We need your help!\" Wylie smiled sadly. \"That's what I need now too. Help. Help to gain back...something I've forever lost. So long kid.\" And without another word he took off into the desert and Tanya was unable to follow, for just then a sandstorm began brewing and the wind picked up. \"Wylie!\" Tanya shouted out into the emptiness, her plea unheard by any ears. \"Wylie!\" But no one replied. It was almost like no one had even been there. Tanya felt new tears make their way to her eyes. What will we do now? Mama...Papa...what will we do? But she had no time to do anything just then for the strong wind knocked Tanya right off the porch and sent her down into the sand, Using the badge as a shield, she tried to descend herself. One more gust of wind knocked the mousette right off her feet and straight into the sand. Her eyes closed and she couldn't see, or hear, or even feel anymore. A/N: No one panic, Tanya's just unconscious, not you know d_a_. We all know the heroine doesn't have that kind of fate! For those of you that are missing Cat R. Waul, don't worry because the next chapter will be lengthier than this one and he'll definitely be in it. The whole purpose of this chapter was to show how Wylie left. In case you're wondering, Fievel didn't end up meeting with Wylie, but that'll be explained in a later chapter. Hope you enjoy reading!~ Extra: I'd like to extend continued thanks to goblinesque who again has commented and shown support! Thank you, and I really should take a look at your fanfiction to when I have the time. Also thanks to my second commenter, whiteflower122, who has also become my first favouriter! I enjoyed reading all your reviews and I agree with you on a lot of things xD[Chapter 6] Chapter 6- Change of Plans Tanya slowly opened her eyes, her vision still a bit blurry. She didn't know where she was exactly, but it looked like one of the fancy parlors in the bar. Wait a minute, wasn't this her dressing room that she shared with Miss Kitty? The kind and beautiful cat was no where around though... Tanya tried to sit up, and then she realized that she needed to cough. So she coughed, and to her surprise puffs of sand came out of her mouth. That's right , Tanya thought, remembering what had happened. I went to see Wylie and then he left and... Tanya looked around frantically for the badge that Wylie had given her to give to Fievel. It was nowhere around and the young mousette searched everywhere for it. Finally giving up, she collapsed on her soft cushion bed again and stared up at the ceiling. She wasn't sure, but it might've been sunset by that point, which meant that Fievel had already left on the train, so she'd missed her chance to give him the badge. He doesn't even know about Wylie... Tanya thought sadly, wondering just how to tell him so that he wouldn't get his hopes too high. By the way Wylie had been acting, it was clear that he hadn't met up with Fievel before he left so Fievel must still be thinking that Wylie was one their side. Not only that, but Tanya had also forgotten to tell Miss Kitty about Fievel's plan so she must've been busy getting ready for their trip at that point! Tanya'a thoughts on this were confirmed as Miss Kitty came into their parlor, a suitcase in one hand and some tickets in the other. She was wearing her travelling jacket so it was all clear. \"Good thing you're awake now sweetheart,\" Miss Kitty said, although a bit sadly. \"We've got to go catch that train before it leaves in an hour.\" The train! Tanya thought excitedly. That means I can still give Fievel the badge! But even as she tried to get up again, she felt weak and just lay back down. \"What happened?\" she asked. It maybe wasn't what she should have been asking Miss Kitty, but it was the first thing that came to mind. Miss Kitty glanced over at her curiously. \"You gave me such a big fright Tanya!\" she exclaimed. \"I found you outside on my doorstep and for a minute I didn't know what happened to ya! You should thank your lucky stars that someone brought you here! Where were you anyway?\" Tanya looked down in a sad manner. \"I went to see Wylie Burp, but he left Green River.\" \"What?\" Miss Kitty asked, surprised. \"How come?\" Tanya shook her head. \"He think it's his fault that...that...it happened.\" \"That's not true!\" Miss Kitty exclaimed. \"He only tried to help and Mister Pussy-Poo over there would've done what he did either way. It's not Wylie's fault.\" For some reason, Tanya had tears in her eyes again. \"Oh!\" Suddenly there was movement behind the curtain entrance to the dressing room and none other than Cat R. Waul walked in, looking as noble and as proud as ever. \"Ah, Miss Tanya! I see that you're awake now!\" he said, a charming smile on his face as usual. Miss Kitty defensively turned to face him. \"What do you want?\" \"I am merely checking in on my star diva!\" Cat R. Waul replied indignantly. \"You are feeling better now, Miss Tanya, I hope?\" Tanya's eyebrows furrowed. \"What would you know about it?\" Cat R. Waul took off his glass spectacle and polished it. \"It just so happens my dear, that I was the one who found you out there. Terribly messy business; you were covered with sand from head to foot that it's a miracle that I found you at all.\" \"What were you doin out there in the first place?\" Miss Kitty asked suspiciously. \"That, I will keep only to myself,\" Cat R. Waul said, still eyeing Tanya. The young mousette on the other hand just couldn't believe that Cat R. Waul had really saved her. It had felt like a strong sand storm and so maybe Tanya really would have been done for if she had been left out there. It wasn't that she thought Cat R. Waul was the most cruel, heartless cat there was out there (after all, he had still kept her alive despite her being a mouse), but she just didn't know what reasons he would have to save her. \"T-then...thank you,\" she said, surprising Miss Kitty, but receiving a smile from Cat R. Waul. \"Twas a pleasure my dear, however I should like perhaps a small favor in return,\" Cat R. Waul said, and Tanya knew what he was hinting at. She stood up, surprised at her own strength in coping with the situation and said \"Alright. I'll do the show.\" Cat R. Waul beamed. \"Excellent! I'll go get the chaps ready; wouldn't want them missing out on your entrance my dear.\" And using his cape in the usual suave fashion, he left the room. Miss Kitty looked over at Tanya, her eyes wide. \"Tanya, honey are you crazy? We've got a train to catch and we won't be able to sneak out if...\" \"We're not sneaking out,\" Tanya said, already headed for her tiny closet, which was actually a broken music box that Miss Kitty had provided for her. \"What do you mean?\" Miss Kitty asked. Tanya turned around to face her, a lively yellow dress already in her hands. \"I met Fievel earlier today and he's got a plan.\" \"You mean your brother?\" Miss Kitty asked, thinking of how she had met up with the third member of Wylie's gang earlier that day. Tanya nodded. \"Yes and he and I and you all know that Cat R. Waul's not going to stop bringing mice here. As long as his empire at Green River is successful, we can't really leave.\" \"So what does Fievel plan to do?\" Miss Kitty asked. \"He's going back on the next train to get help,\" Tanya said. \"And he's coming back on the train with some of the cats that Cat R. Waul sent to recruit new mice. Until he comes back, we've got to stay here and keep Cat R. Waul distracted so he doesn't get a whiff of the plan. After all, I think he's still out searching for Wylie and Fievel.\" \"But you said that Wylie left Green River,\" Miss Kitty said. \"Is he coming back?\" \"I don't know,\" Tanya said, now slipping on the new dress. \"But as long as he doesn't know that, it should be fine, right? I also don't want Fievel to know about this until it's time.\" Miss Kitty nodded and then she soothed Tanya's cheek in a comforting manner. \"You know, you're being very brave kid.\" In her mind she thought Also there's that other prisoner that the cats have taken. Maybe I can get him involved too . Tanya put on some makeup and then tied a feather in her hair. Taking a deep breath, she walked out of Miss Kitty's dressing room, ready to sing her heart out for the first time since...the incident. Be brave Tanya , she told herself even as she waited backstage for her introduction. Be brave and keep singing. Always keep on singing... A/N: The next chapter will be more or less about Tanya's show and there will be a good amount of Cat R. Waul involved as well. As for Fievel's plan, more of it will be explained in further chapters. Extra: golbinesque, haha thanks. I was actually trying to imagine James Stewart saying Wylie's lines as I wrote it so I'm glad that it was convincing 3 whiteflower122, yes I know, I was also a bit sad at writing that since Wylie plays such an important part to the plan, as we'll later find out, but it was necessary to happen after all. I felt that if he stayed he might do something to the cats before it was time and that would make the story too short. We *might* be seeing him in later chapters though. *wink wink* New reviewers, favouriters, and followers are always welcome! I'd love to have more input for this story~ :3[Chapter 7] Chapter 7- The Show Once Cat R. Waul made another extravagant speech to welcome his star diva, the main spotlight lit up the stage and the figure of Tanya emerged from behind the curtain. Unlike her first time singing in the saloon however, the cats didn't boo or hiss or demand to have her thrown out. Instead, they began clapping at having the young mousette back to sing for them. Tanya remembered the shining emotions that were inside her that night-the very night before the incident at sundown-but she just couldn't get those emotions to come back to her. She felt as if they were long gone, and despite being surrounded by cats who loved and adored her singing-particularly one British cat-she couldn't forget that those same cats were the murderers who had turned her family into mouse burgers. Nonetheless, she began singing: There's a land that I see where the children are free And I say it ain't far to this land from where we are Take my hand, come with me, where the children are free Come with me, take my hand, and we'll live In a land where the river runs free In a land through the green country In a land to a shining sea And you and me are free to be you and me I see a land bright and clear, and the time's comin' near When we'll live in this land, you and me, hand in hand Take my hand, come along, lend your voice to my song Come along, take my hand, sing a song For a land where the river runs free For a land through the green country For a land to a shining sea For a land where the horses run free And you and me are free to be you and me Every boy in this land grows to be his own man In this land, every girl grows to be her own woman Take my hand, come with me where the children are free Come with me, take my hand, and we'll run To a land where the river runs free To a land through the green country To a land to a shining sea To a land where the horses run free To a land where the children are free And you and me are free to be And you and me are free to be And you and me are free to be you and me The cats clapped along to her song ecstatically, however Tanya didn't hear any of it. She was tired and she couldn't possibly do an encore, so she left the stage before they could ask for one. What she didn't expect was to have Cat R. Waul follow her backstage and try to convince her to perform an encore. \"Miss Tanya, it has been only your second show here tonight and yet you insist upon closing the show this early!\" the cat exclaimed as if it was utterly ridiculous, which in a way it would have been if not for the circumstances. \"I implore you to get back on that stage and perform another song for us.\" Tanya sighed heavily. \"I've performed one song already. That I'm doing the show is all you can ask of me now.\" Cat R. Waul leaned down to pet Tanya as he had done the first time they met, but Tanya scurried back and away from him. Cat R. Waul also reared back at this unexpected reaction. Tanya looked away and Cat R. Waul knew that there was nothing more to be said, however at the same time he was a stubborn cat and would not leave things as they were. \"Miss Tanya, clearly you have not thought of my words from before,\" he noted. Once he had Tanya's full attention, he continued. \"As I've said before, cats eat mice and that is just the way of nature. Miss Tanya, surely even one person tried to remind you of this fact while you were coming to Green River.\" \"Fievel did,\" Tanya answered. \"Ah, but no one believed him!\" Cat R. Waul clarified. \"And now you know exactly why you should have! But Miss Tanya, what's in the past is all in the past!\" \"You should talk!\" Tanya snapped back, unable to bear it any longer. She could sense what Cat R. Waul was trying to do. Whether he was trying to justify his actions, or convince her to do an encore, or even both , she wasn't having it. \"From what I've heard, you seem to think that the past is something to run away from! Well I won't!\" Cat R. Waul's eyes widened at Tanya's sudden outburst. \"What do you mean by that?\" he asked, no trace of emotion in his voice. Tanya glared at him head on, not afraid in a slightest. Cat R. Waul was a cat alright, but he was the last one Tanya would be scared of. After all, he was a lover of the arts above all else-or so she thought. Tanya bit her bottom lip. \"You know exactly what I mean! Why do you move around all the time!? First Paris, then Boston, then somewhere in Florida, New York, and now Green River! What are you running from Cat R. Waul?!\" It was true that Miss Kitty had told her about these things earlier, but she'd never gone into detail. Tanya was going into some investigating on her own. Little did she know that in the end, those very questions were what changed her relationship with Cat R. Waul. Why she want to know? Even she couldn't answer that. But those questions certainly changed things. Things would change from then on between the distinguished British cat and his young mousette star. A/N: I'm so sorry that I haven't written for the past few days (don't know how many), but I've been busy and I actually haven't even gone online! xD Anyways, the next few chapters will get pretty interesting until about chapter 11, and then we're finally going to see what Fievel's up to. Extra: The song that Tanya sung (if anyone's interested in hearing it), is called \"Free to Be You and Me\" by The New Seekers. I think they were a band around the late 60s' and early 70s'. I don't know why, but I thought it a good idea to include the song. Let me know what you think of it if you happen to listen to it. Also, for my ever loyal fans (whom I thank for continuing to read this 3): goblinesque: Heehee, just wait and see! But it will be dramatic and fairly complicated, I can say that much :3 whiteflower122: Overthinking this? Hmm...maybe...maybe not :3 We'll just have to wait and see! ","Summary":" Chapter 1- A Brilliant Snack/Occasion A grand opening was taking place in the small and desolate to"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"Twisted Fate","Author":"Disney Queen Mouse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7802016","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Twisted Fate: Summery: Sequel to Strange King Of Love. That Lily and Daniel were back and planning to get married with everyting to plan the event, Lily's dress and the invites. Well what if some of the guests were Fievel and his family along with Miss Kitty and Tiger. As a mysterious figure is trying to ruin their big day. And can Fievel find it in his heart to forgive Cat R Waul. Chapter 1: A few months had passed since the events had died down. As everyone went about doing their usual duites in Blue Mountain. Except for a female cat as she stared outwards at the clear blue sky. ''Miss them huh Lily and Daniel'' said a voice beside her. ''Hmm oh yes I can't stop thinking about them'' said the female cat. ''Don't worry they will fly back someday Sabrina you see'' said the figure beside her.''But what if they don't Tillie what if they deicde to not return'' said Sbarina sadly. ''Don't think that I will go and talk to Cat R Waul maybe he knows where they could be all you have to do is write the letter'' said Tanya. ''Oh Tillie thank you are a good friend'' said Sabrina returning the hug. As Sabrina got a walk to her new home turning the knob. As she felt a bit uneasy this was Lily's rightful home wondering what her young charge was doing now. Probably across the sea with Daniel. Sabrina knew Lily was old enough to take care of herself and she had Daniel and Eveberto for any danger. As she entered the main bedroom which she guessed Lord Bastion and Lady Luilla's. It had a huge bed with velvet satin sheets and a soft quilted feather pillows. Also an oak wardrobe stood beside the door with a window facing the garden outside. She came to the desk with three drawers as the portrait that Warren had hung above it. ''Don't worry I promise you lordship you and your wife Lily will be safe'' said Sabrina her eyes staring at it. Then she took out a sheet of paper starting to write. ''Dear Lily how is your time so I can't believe how much we have to talk it has been a while I really miss you are the daughter I always wanted please come home soon signed Sabrina'' it read. As Sabrina walked over to the saloon knocking the door. As it opened to Tanya dressed in a nightdress trying to rub the sleep out of her eyes. ''Oh right oh right Sabrina what are you doing this hour of the night'' said Tanya. ''Has Cat R Waul found where they are yet'' said Sabrina excitedly as she beamed at Tanya. ''What oh yes that can it wait till morning'' said Tanya. ''No it can't can I come in'' said Sabrina standing outside. Tanya sighed to herself it was too late to ask Sabrina to leave and beside it was rude of her not to invite her new friend inside. ''Oh course be quiet I don't want anyone else complaining about you waking them up'' said Tanya letting Sabrina in. Oddly enough Sabrina was quiet as it was hard to tell she was in the room. ''Tillie what is going on hello Sabrina here early aren't you'' said Cat R Waul as he was sounding tired too. ''Yes sorry about that well have you found them'' said Sabrina as the excitment return to her. ''Yes just give me the letter and I will send it off at once'' said Cat R Waul as Sabrina did as she was told handing him over the letter. ''So care to stay for the night Tillie and I find it lonely here too without Daniel either'' said Cat R Waul to her. Sabrina thought this over in her head. She didn't want to go back to the manor it felt so cold and empty without someone else around. ''Course I will I hope I am not being a bother'' said Sabrina. ''No Sabrina you aren't now lets get osme rest'' said Tanya as all three went upstairs to bed.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Meanwhile on the high seas in a cabin below the deck as the sun was about to rise as three figures slept in the the two of them slept in a bed as one slowly stirred from their sleep turning his side to the female one sleeping peacefully. ''I love you Lily'' said Daniel gently nuzzling her then gave her a kiss. Seeing she hadn't woken up yet as Daniel got out of bed allowing Lily to sleep on as she liked. As nearby on a desk he heard the tiny breathing of their squirrel friend Eveberto slept using his bushy tail as a blanket over his body. Daniel walked across the floor hoping not to wake either one up which he didn't heaidng outside. He hoped none of the humans spotted him remmebering from his father the details of how he was treated and what Lily already told him of his past that she only learned from Sabrina that she told him. He stared out the sea wondering the thoughts in his head how long had it been since they had seen land or what was going on back in Blue Mountain. A smile came across his face as he loved spending each moment with Lily he wouldn't change any minute of it. Yet he was scared once they got back if they decided to return home how everyone will react if they knew what he and Lily had done. So what was a lifetime of passion such a crime he thought to himself. As he heard someone else with him. ''Daniel what are you doing out here'' said Lily's voice as he turned to see her standing behind him. ''Oh just to clear my mind and thoughts'' said Daniel. ''You know we have done so much for the world'' said Lily. ''That is true Lily you have a very good point'' said Daniel as they rubbed noses. Then they heard a bird cry staring up to see a carrier pigeon with a letter wrapped around its leg. ''Are you Lily Cat and Daniel Waul'' asked the carrier pigeon as both nodded as it let Daniel untie the string taking the letter from him. Both stared at it. ''My that Sabrina of yours is one corncern worried cat'' said Daniel giving Lily a smile. ''Yes but I understand her reasons to see us since it has been so long'' said Lily. ''You want to go home don't you'' said Daniel as his eyes stared deep into hers. ''Yes Daniel we can't keep running forever and besides they need to know'' said Lily to him. ''You are right you are right'' said Daniel as he replied to Sabrina's letter saying they will be home by the afternoon. As the boat landed outside of Blue Mountain Lily and Daniel peacked the things they had brought with them heading off onto port. Meanwhile Eveberto was scurrying across deck looking for them scared in case they had laredy gone off without him. As he spotted Lily dahsing towards her scurrying up her arm. ''Oh Eveberto glad you can make it we wouldn't think of leaving you behind'' said Lily as Eveberto settled at this. As they searched for either Sabrina, Tanya or Cat R Waul scanning the many faces of the cats passing by. ''Lily, Daniel over here'' said a famillliar voice calling over to them. They pushed past the crowd to where Aillie was waiting for them. ''Hello Aillie good to see you again where is father, mother and Sabrina'' asked Daniel confused to see none had arrived to greet them besides her. ''Your father has some business to take care at the saloon your mother and Sabrina are preparing for your arrival back home'' said Aillie then gave a giggle at them. Then she helped carried their cases then stared at Lily. ''You know you look as if you tummy looks a bit different from last time'' said Aillie. Daniel narrowed his eyes at her. ''She isn't fat or put no weight on'' said Daniel angrily. ''No Daniel it is alright I can handle it'' said Lily. ''No it's fine I should had kept my mouth shut on that'' said Aillie helping them up. ''Aillie can you just tell us what the whole big secret is'' said Lily when they arrived back at the saloon. Before anyone could say somehting the lights went on and everyone shouted surprise. ''Oh Lily let me look at you oh you look a bit different'' said Tanya feeling Lily's stomach. Lily step backed a bit as Aillie, Sabrina and Tanya talked to her about so many things as Cat R Waul joined them taking Daniel to the side to speak to his son alone. ''So Daniel I see you two decided to return to Blue Mountain I am both surprised and glad I thought you two were busy'' aid Cat R Waul. ''Well father Lily and I thought will mostly Lily thought it would be a nice idea to come home'' said Daniel. ''Well Lily is a very sweet thoughtful girl by thinking that you better not let her go for anything Daniel'' said Cat R Waul. ''Actually father I have excuse me'' said Daniel to join the others. Meanwhile Sabrina took Lily to the side. ''How far gone are you'' said Sabrina. ''How far gone am I what'' said Lily confused. ''You can't fool me hun you are expecting a baby well is it Daniel or Warren's'' asked Sabrina in a concern sort of voice. ''It is Daniel's I am sure it is I don't remember sleeping with him before I left'' said Lily as Sabrina knew she was right on that. ''So do they know also I mean you going to tell them'' said Sabrina eyeing her. ''I will them but I need to find the right time Sabrina'' said Lily. ''Well you need to tell them sonner rather than later'' said Sabrina holding her glass as Daniel stood in the center of the room. ''Everyone can I have your attention please I know you are excited to hear but I have meet the most perfect sweetest creature in the whole world and never trade her anything'' said Daniel as everyone held their glasses as he raise his turning to Lily. ''And I have decided to keep on sharing my life with her as Lily Cat will you marry me'' said Daniel as everyone stood still waiting for her answer. ''Yes yes a thousand times yes'' said Lily throwing into Daniel's arms nearly knocking him to the floor.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: ''Oh Lily you will look lovely in this dress'' said Aillie giivng a giggle as she, Sabrina and Tanya were helping Lily with her fitting for her wedding dress. As Lily stand in the middle of the three female cats. Lily wore a long evening dress type of white dress with a white strap around the back of her neck. Sabrina was at the back of Lily fixing the lining while Tanya kneel down sewn a few needles through the dress while Aillie was on a chair styling the dress design. As they heard someone enter disturbing their line of work. ''Daniel Waul turn round at once'' said Tanya angirly as her son did as he was told closing his eyes. ''Did you see her'' said Tanya. ''I don't know maybe'' said Daniel as Sabrina knew Tanya meant that Daniel had slipped in when Lily was wearing her wedding dress. ''Oh Tillie please you don't believe in such nonese'' said Sabrina. ''We can't be too careful we want this wedding to go off with no problems'' said Tanya. ''In other words Daniel shoo you will see your bride on the big day in her dress'' said Aillie rushing Daniel out of the room closing the door behind him.''Now lets get back to work oh Lily you will look like a dream in this'' said Tanya. ''You really think so Tillie'' said Lily. ''I know so you two make the perfect couple I had ever seen in Blue Mountain'' said Tanya. ''Well that is all we can do for now'' said Sabrina helping Lily out of her dress into her green one she usually wore. ''Tillie can I ask you Daniel and I have done the invites but there is a few seats not fill yet I was wondering does your husband have any friends he wants to come besides the others that work in the saloon'' said Lily once both her and Tanya were alone. ''Well I remmeber he had this female cat friend named Miss Kitty maybe ask her to come'' said Tanya as Lily beamed. In truth Tanya knew that Miss Kitty was more a friend to her than to Cat R Waul but Tanya still sense the fear still inside of her. ''Oh Tillie it just we have the cake, the food, the seating oh I just want this day to be perfect for the both of us'' said Lily. ''It will be Lily you are working too much stress over what is to be the happiest day of your life'' said Tanya. ''Thank you Tillie you are a true friend'' said Lily happily heading off to where the invites were kept. As Lily sat down to write the last one. She wrote her name and for her to bring some extra guests which Lily wrote in all the invites. All she had to do now was arrange the seating plan as she saw Cat R Waul and Daniel discussing it that moment. ''Where you think you and Lily shall sit'' said Cat R Waul. ''Father we have gone over this a hundred times Lily and I will be sititng at the head table in the middle where you and mother will be sitting on my right side'' said Daniel. ''And Sabrina what about her'' asked Cat R Waul. ''Well she should sit beside Lily at the head table too since she has been a mother to Lily and Aillie she has been more family to us than you think'' said Daniel. ''If you say oh Lily we were just talking'' said Cat R Waul to her. ''I know can I speak to my future husband alone'' said Lily cutting him off. ''Oh right'' said Cat R Waul sounding a bit annoyed walking off. ''Let me guess wedding day jitters as well'' said Daniel. ''You have no idea what about you'' asked Lily gently nuzzling him. ''I had to get fitted into my suit, many of the others are asking about the food but I made strict warning there will be no mouse on the menu'' said Daniel as Lily understood which Daniel thought she was the only one that did with him. ''By the way father was asking since he isn't your real father to walk you down asle'' said Daniel. ''Oh Daniel course I will honour if he does'' said Lily. ''Have you got your bridesmaid sorted yet'' asked Daniel. ''I asked Tillie if she would and Sabrina is taking care of the flowers as we speak'' said Lily. ''Oh Lily I don't know what I do if I haven't found you'' said Daniel as Lily shook her head giving a smile. As she asked one of the cats to deliver the invite to Miss Kitty. Finally Lily thought only a day away and everything was to be perfect or was it?[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: As a shadow figure walked the road making sure not to be seen. As it flipped the pages of that night's newspaper. Till his eyes gaze at a page as the picture of Lily and Daniel standing side by side with the annocuement of their wedding. ''So little Lily is marrying Daniel what ever did she see in him to make him take her away from me'' said the stranger angrily holding the cigar alight to the picture as it blew into flames. As he toss the paper to the side as it burn into ashes then walked off. Then he thought if what their wedding wouldn't go perfectly. As a plan formed in his mind. Lily had returned to the saloon as she heard both Cat R Waul and Tanya yelling. ''Why did you let invite her to the wedding'' Cat R Waul shouted. ''Because Lily have a right to know it is their big day'' said Tanya. ''But Tillie invite the very creature that makes my nerves tick'' said Cat R Waul angrily. ''I had to'' said Tanya. ''Why'' asked Cat R Waul. ''If you knew you wouldn't understand'' said Tanya as Cat R Waul walking off. ''Did I do something wrong'' said Lily as she knew they were both talking about Miss Kitty as Lily had returned after sending the invite off. ''No Lily it doesn't matter now you need your rest tomorrow is your last day freedom'' said Tanya. ''Hmm'' said Lily. ''I know you are pregnant'' said Tanya as Lily blinked. How did she know. ''Did you know from Sabrina'' said Lily. ''No I knew the same way I did when I discover I was having Daniel'' said Tanya. ''Does Cat R Waul know'' asked Lily fearfully. ''No he is clueless the same way he was when I was expecting yet I wish that he did knew'' said Tanya as her mind was a far away place then she shook her head. ''Lily do you really want to marry Daniel in order to protect it'' said Tanya. ''Yes Tillie, we both want to our child I am carrying to have a father and mother when it is born'' said Lily as Tanya was proud by her. ''You know you remain me so much of myself doing so much for the price of love'' said Tanya as Lily felt confused. As she went up to the room her and Daniel shared since she guessed this was her home she will living in when her and Daniel were married. As she sat on the bed when a brown flash of fur flew up happily to her. ''Oh Eveberto we have been home for a short time and you have been ignored already'' said Lily stroking him. As Eveberto then a few minutes Lily fell onto the bed screaming in pain. ''Daniel come at once'' said Lily scared in case the child was coming right this moment. As she heard the rushing of feet to her room as Daniel enter shortly followed by Tanya and Sabrina as they circled aorund the bed while the tiny squirrel was stun by the strange sight before. As Lily was held in Daniel's arms. ''Daniel it is alright it was a false alarm I didn't mean to scare of all you like that'' said Lily. ''Well you have every right too Lily hun I swear if that baby was arriving tonight there will be a huge uproar about it'' said Sabrina as Lily lay there scared knowing at once who Sabrina was talking about. ''Oh please Sabrina father isn't like that I mean we all have our faults but I am sure he will be thrill to hear he is about to have a grandchild'' said Daniel. ''if you say so Daniel'' said Sabrina giving a sigh as they headed out the room leaving the two alone with Eveberto. ''Daniel do you think we should be getting married at all'' said Lily gently nuzzling him. ''What why did the doubt suddenly come into your head'' said Daniel. ''Well I was speaking with your mother earlier and Tillie has me thinking'' said Lily hearing a groan from him. ''Lily are you happy with me'' said Daniel looking her straight in the eyes. ''Yes I love the time we share together'' said Lily. ''And you feel no matter what the cost is we should be together'' said Daniel. ''Course'' said Lily. ''Then it is final nothing and no one is stopping htis wedding'' said Daniel as they embraced each other. They heard a excited squeaking come from Eveberto which meant he agreed with the outcome of the two as well. He had stood by Lily through thick and thin when times were hard. The next morning in Green River a young female mouse was handed a letter in the post trying hard to read the big writing. ''To Miss Kitty hmm I wonder what it is I shouldn't pry it isn't any of my business'' said the mouse was Tanya's younger sister Yasha who was now grown up trailing up to the house where she lived with her family. Yasha felt in her heart the pass years something was missing but what as she couldn't remember was it a family member they once knew. Must be was they sick or ill or lost Yasha couldn't figure it out as she arrived at the front door by an older mouse a handsome looking mouse in his youth. It was her older brother Fievel as he was speaking with another adult male mouse much older than him. ''Yes Tony I understand hello there Yasha what you do there'' said Fievel turning his attention to her. He was still the same with the red shirt, blue trousers and blue cap. Tony hadn't changed as well still the same features and clothing. ''It is a letter for Miss Kitty have any one of you seen her today'' asked Yasha dusting down her white dress. ''I remmeber the last she was with Tiger so I guess that is where you start'' said Tony shrugging his shoulders. ''Thanks I better be off'' said Yasha leaving the two as they went back to what they were talking about. Just as Tony had said the two cats were busy chattin away when Yasha came across them. ''Tiger do you ever thinkg there something out there that was once a part of us'' said Miss Kitty. Tiger only looked at her at this. ''But if it is lost then you might come across it sooner'' said Tiger. ''I expect so oh hello there what is that you have'' said Miss Kitty as they both peer down at Yasha. ''A letter for you'' said Yasha trying to hold it upwards since it was too heavy or her small size. ''Hmm let's see what it says'' said Miss Kitty opening the letter reading the letter. ''Well what you know one of that cat's family members is getting married and they want me and any guests I can bring with me'' said Miss Kitty as she saw Yasha got excited hearing the news of a wedding. ''Yasha I don't think it is a sort of event your family can come to since it is a cat wedding'' said Miss Kitty trying to explain it as best she could to her. ''But I am going aren't I and they are my friends I am sure this guy must be much times better than he was to them'' said Tiger as Miss Kitty gave a deep sigh. She knew when he said that she wouldn't go with him if his friends weren't going either. ''Oh right Yasha can you asked your family and Tony to pack everything you need for the place we heading to is much further from Green River'' said Miss Kitty as Yasha nodded heading off to tell all of them the good news. Tony and Fievel were pleased and agreeable to it since they wanted to leave Green River to see what else lay outside their quiet home. But their parents were on the other hand spent most of the time discussing and disagreeing with each other on the subject. But seeing that the three younger mice were wanting to go meant they were outnumbered on that one decided to pack their things including a lunch Yasha and her mother prepare for everyone for the trip. As they met up with Tiger and Miss Kitty as they rode on his back while Miss Kitty walked beside him as they reached Blue Mountain by the afternoon. That moment everyone was fussing around witht he finall wedding planning as some of the male cats met Lily. She felt scared in case any of them suspect her of what she was thinking. ''Hey Lily were wondering if there weren't any mouse on the menu how about guinea pig their meat is tender it is like tasting chicken'' said one of them. ''No we made it clear no rodent type food just things like fish, bird or vegtables with some fruit that is all'' said Daniel coming up to her aid. As they met Sabrina as she had clevery arranged white and pink liles on each tables. ''You like them I could put them away and get some fresh new flowers'' said Sabrina. ''No no it is lovely the thought Sabrina'' said Lily as a tear came to her eye. Tanya and Aillie who was also helping out with the music and everything. ''Don't worry everyone it will be a perfect day'' said Lily. ''Speaking of perfect are you guys suppose to be off with Daniel celebrating his last night'' said Aillie. ''Yes we should be going don't worry we wwill make sure to make it on time'' said Cat R Waul leading his son away. ''Good now they are gone we can have our own little party'' said Sabrina. ''Oh I love that sort of thing''s aid Aillie. ''Well Aillie it isn't the sort of party you are thinking of'' said Tanya as Aillie wondered what she meant. ''Should we tell her'' asked Sabrina. ''I wish she must it is right since both of you know I am expecting'' said Lily before she could finish Aillie hugged her tightly giggling. ''Hey Aillie hun leave her be we don't want anything happen during this peirod in time'' said Sabrina. ''Oh yes sorry well does Daniel know have you told him'' said Aillie excitedly. ''Course he was the first the know before they stepped off the boat'' said Tanya. ''Oh that means a baby shower oh how sweet'' said Aillie giggling which sounded she was in for it as the four female cats along with Eveberto went to Lily's room where a tea was being laid with a few presents two from Sabrina and Tanya. ''Now you rest Lily hun while we take care of everything'' said Sabrina as Lily sat in the middle with Tanya and Aillie. Later on Lily opened the presents. Sabrina was two bright outfits one blue, one pink. ''It is in case it is a boy or a girl so I got both to be on the safe side'' said Sabrina beaming. Next Lily opened Tanya's in it was a small rattle. ''Oh it is beautiful thank you Tillie'' said Lily hugged her. ''Your welcome Lily'' said Tanya. ' 'I have something too if it is alright I don't want to be the odd one out'' said Aillie heading off then return with a small toy. ''I had since I was little I hope your children have more fun with it as I had'' said Aillie to her. ''Oh yes thank you'' said Lily as Aillie only beamed. ''So I bet you two will have a wonderful family how many children you htink you will have a full litter or one or two'' said Aillie. ''Now don't you go discussing the babies before they even arrive'' said Sabrina. ''No it is fine actually I am not too sure about the wedding'' said Lily. ''Oh come on Lily you and Daniel were made for each other you can't just give up right this moment'' said Aillie. Lily beamed then they heard Eveberto as they turned to face him as he climbed up Lily's arm. ''I think somone else wouldn't mind when the little ones arrive that means more time for him to play about with'' said Tanya stroking Eveberto's fur which he didn't mind. He admire this thought of little Daniels and Lilys playing with him on the carpet crawling about just only teething and pulling their own clothes their mother had sewn for them. ''Oddly enough it is strange but I feel it might be twins but how that be surely my stomach should had been a bit bigger for anyone to notice'' said Lily. ''Well maybe your figure is type that still looks slender while carrying more than one'' bluffed Tanya. But really in her mind fearing that she had done something to make her daughter in law. Then suddenly Lily fainted then blacked out everyone was worried. Mostly Tanya she had to know before they came.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Lily awoke not in her room as she was in a different world being spirited to another world. She was sititng alone in a cafe strring a spoon into her cup of coffee that sat on the table. She wore a dark yellow raincoat since it was stormy weather blew outside. As the door opened for a new customer came in as whoever it was sat down in a seat beside her. It was as if she waiting for the stranger to arrive. ''I thought I will never be the chance to see you again'' said the stranger grabbing their hand around her wrist. Lily stared up seeing the person for the first time. It was a brown fur rat wearing a familliar brown business coat and white gloves. She should knew who it was as her mind race trying to figure out who it was and why they said their piece to her. ''Really your brain sure is slow you don't even remember your old blast of the past'' said the rat in a New Jersey accent. Lily sat there stun realising the voice. ' 'Warren'' said Lily frighten for her safety mostly her unborn children. She shook his hand furiously away continue to stir her coffee not daring to stare into those haunting eyes. ''Lily don't tell me you don't have any feelings for me'' said Warren takingin her silence. ''Feelings there were none to start with'' said Lily but before she could do anything Warren reached forward grabbing Lily pinning her down on the chair. Lily's heart beat so fast nearly out of her chest scared thinking what Warren was planning now. As she felt his lips over hers. No this couldn't be happening Lily thought to herself. Finally it seemed a hour Lily broke free pushing him off of her. ''Get away from me I love Daniel not you'' said Lily feeling the heat on her. ''Then why didn't you push me away earlier before I had the chance to do it'' said Warren. ''I don't know'' said Lily. ''Lily, Lily that means there some feelings deep down in your being for me you might not see it at first but you are caught in a place like a fly on a web soon you will come to me I can wait I always do when I know I am nearly that moment that what I want'' said Warren. Lily felt stunned it felt Warren was doing most of the talking while she was listening. Lily got up fleeing form the cafe into the wet pouring rain as the wind tried to take her into the air. Every time she tried to find a way to escape her path was blocked. ''Face it Lily no matter where you go I will always find a way to you'' said Warren's voice. As Lily awoke back in her room as Daniel was pacing about when Eveberto and Sabrina had stayed by her side. She noticed both Tanya and Aillie had disappeared somewhere. ''Oh thank goodness you are alright mother and Aillie are talking with father we came as soon they told us'' said Daniel seeing the concern look on his face. As Lily stared out of the window to see morning had arrived wondering how long she had been away from this world for tryinng to figure that ou. ''She is fine now out wiht you we need to get her ready for her big day and so do you Daniel Waul'' said Sabrina as Daniel took one last look at Lily then left the room. Sabrina helped Lily out of the bed as she got her dress. Meanwhile in the hotel the group share the night before as Miss Kitty was first to get up. She playfully nudge Tiger awake as he rolled onto his side. Fievel had heard the noise as his family got dressed in their best clothes they brought with them. Soon after getting washed and changed they were ready after having a hearty breakfast headed off to where the wedding was being held.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: That morning the many guests had taken their seats for the wedding to start. As Daniel stood waiting for Lily's arrival. ' 'They do really make a lovely couple'' Aillie whispered to Sabrina. ''Yes they will this it is a perfect day nothing could spoil it'' said Sabrina. As the music started as Lily emerged with Cat R Waul helping her towards Daniel. Daniel couldn't take his eyes off her she was even more beautiful than he remembered with Tanya behind her. Lily wore the wedding dress she was been fitted in along long white gloves and a veil. Lily blushed a bit seeing how she had easily taken his breath away. ' 'If I had ever asked a daughter I had wanted one just like you but I am proud to have you as my daughter in law and make a good wife for my son'' said Cat R Waul to her catching Lily off guard. ''Yes he means so much to me'' said Lily cursing herself for not thinking a much smarter reply. That the second person that caught her off track. As everyone including Eveberto who stood beside Daniel wearing a small blue bow around his neck tied at the front making happy excited noises. Daniel took her hand when Lily reached him. Tanya caught out the corner of her eye Fievel, Tony, Yasha and their parents sitting out of sight in case of any the cats wanting to make them into a little snack. ''Now we are gathered here today to celebrate the union of these two cats Daniel Derek Waul'' said the cat performing the service. Daniel did as usual made a silent cringe as his full name being said also worried in case Lily laughed at it which he saw she didn't. He turned round to hear his father make a cough sound to control his son. ''And Lily Cat'' the cat went on. ''No way so Cat really was her last name'' Aillie whispered to Sabrina. ''Yes you thought we made it up'' Sabrina whispered back as they kept their gaze on them. ''Now everyone feels these two shouldn't be together say now or hold your peace'' said the cat as none spoke which was a good sign. Before they could say I do the heavens open as the rain came softly down on them. Lily and Daniel laughed fondly as Lily licked the side of his face. ''I take that as a yes now I annuce you husband and wife'' said the cat. Later that evening at the wedding party as everyone came over to congrats the two newlyweds while having their drinks. As Lily saw two cats coming up to them as the male one was the colour orange. ''It is really nice of you inviting us to your wedding you're really lucky guy to have her I hope you hold her close'' said Tiger shaking his hand. ''Why thank you Mr'' said Daniel.''Tiger and this is Miss Kitty'' said Tiger as they stared at the female cat beside him. ''Yeah you two seem really nice I hope you have no plans on staying here'' said Miss Kitty. ''Why is that I see no danger in this place'' said Lily. ''That is because you are too young to understand kid I work in a place like this once and believe me I had to be tough to live through the days'' said Miss Kitty. ''Well actually Tiger, Miss Kitty it isn't that we can't find a place it is just -'' said Lily. ''What is going on here I don't want anything upsetting my new daughter in law'' said Cat R Waul cutting Lily off before she could finish with her answer to them. ''Well, well look who it is great to see you too'' said Miss Kitty. ''Don't you dare call me that Miss Kitty besides I don't know what drove my wife to letting you come'' said Cat R Waul. ' 'Tillie she told me about that how is I learned about you'' said Lily as Tanya heard Lily called her over. Miss Kitty and Tiger stared at her it was as if they were in a dream. ''You know you remind me of someone we used to know but I can't put my finger on it'' said Miss Kitty.''Yeah she make me think she looks like nah it can't be'' said Tiger. Meanwhile Fievel had gone off to get something to eat when he bumped into Eveberto. ''Hi there my name is Fievel do you have a name'' asked Fievel. Eveberto stared curiously at his newcomer. He had never seen a mouse before in his life as he happily chattered at him. ''Eveberto what is going on'' said Sabrina seeing him talking to someone. As she caught sight of Fievel she gave a scream. ''A mouse a mouse'' Sabrina kept saying trying to make a grab at Fievel but he mange to dodge her grip making him fall to the ground. Everyone had their attention to where Sabrina was wondering what she was going on about. They stared at Fievel laying there each trying to make a grab at Fievel. ''What is going on here'' Cat R Waul demanded as all the cats got to their feet. Cat R Waul and Fievel stared at one another in frozen horror as the memory burned inside them. ''You'' said Cat R Waul. ''Glad to see you too murder'' said Fievel coldly. ''Sabrina what is this mouse doing here'' said Cat R Waul wanting to know as she came forward. ''I didn't know about this Aillie'' said Sabrina as she shook her head at the confusion. ''I invited Miss Kitty and Tiger I am sorry'' said Lily clutching Fievel in her hands as she mange to hold him because some strange reason he trusted Lily the way he did with Tiger. ''I have something to say I am pregnant'' said Lily to Cat R Waul then rushed out the room as she put Fievel in a safe place on the greenery as his family and Tony came out with Tiger and Miss Kitty. ''Cheez I thought I expected that to happen'' said Tony trying to recover from the shock. ''Tony please must be diffcult for her than anyone else'' said Yasha. ''Thank you all are so understanding'' said Lily as Eveberto making squeaking sounds to tell Lily he was with them. ''But soon you will have to face the music Lily'' said Miss Kitty. Lily nodded as she and Tiger helped her to her feet. ''Fievel I am wondering can you ever forgive Cat R Waul in your heart to come at peace'' said Lily. ''No Lily I can't for the unthinkable he has done to us'' said Fievel. ''Yeah I agree Filly a cat is always a cat hey what is so funny'' said Tony seeing Lily had laughed at something in her mind's eye. ''Oh nothing maybe one of your family has already have'' said Lily to herself. As soon she entered her and Daniel's room not wanting to bump into anyone from her outburst at the party. As she sat on the dresser. ' 'What am I to do wherever I go I always find to set things wrong'' said Lily staring at her face in the mirror. She put her head in her hands. ''I don't blame you for the pressure you are getting from both different worlds'' said a male voice that purred in her ear like syrup. As Lily felt his hands through her hair and that voice wasn't her beloved Daniel. Lily spun round to see a tall brown figure with dark hard brown eyes and a dark nose. Lily couldn't see his face for he wore a black mask that hid his face from view wearing a brown fedora with a black feather attach to the side. He wore a black jacket buttoned up with dark brown trousers and white gloves. He reminded her so much of Warren for some strange reason. He had brown round rat eyes and nose with a silm brown rat tail. Lily tried to pictured him in her mind in case they met before she left. ''My name is Chaos and a new recruit of Warren anyway I send you a message from him'' said Chaos. ''What sort of message'' asked Lily. ''Leave this place you don't belong in this world he is waiting for you look at the mess that was caused tonight'' said Chaos. Lily didn't answer feeling his words were more a threat than a message to her. He gave a deep sigh putting his hands in his pockets. Just the same way Warren she thought to herself did that mean then he was related to him it could be. 'Fine don't accept his message then he will make life unbearable for you, Daniel and your unborn baby'' said Chaos. She staared there stun how did Chaos guessed. ''You don't get it rememeber this might clear your mind'' said Chaos taking out of his pocket one of the invites to the wedding. Lily was more shocked how did Warren get his paws on it. ''He ordered Digit to bring him one he is good at spying as Digit is besides taking Warren's orders the boss made sure I came I watch the whole thing I was here at your little wedding party luckily I kept to the shandows in case someone started asking questions I hear the startling outburst I am assure Warren will be thrilled to hear you are having a litter coming'' said Chaos purring at the last few words. ' 'Listen to me Chaos if Warren dares try to touch my unborn child he will feel my claws at his eyes'' said Lily hissing. ''Well well look who got stronger while living with Daniel's family we will fix that when you come back to us'' said Chaos purring about to touch her. But Lily had quickly open her mouth about to bite him. Chaos stepped back from him in time. ''If his words won't change your mind then his wedding gift to you might'' said Chaos as he was doing a magic trick presented a brown wooden box with a lid. Lily was scared to take it when Chaos reached it for her to take it. ''Don't worry Warren made sure it wouldn't hurt you now I must take my leave I have overstayed my visit'' said Chaos as he exited from out the window which Lily thought must had been his enterence which meant he had been standing there waiting till she was alone. (A/N I know all of you are wondering who Chaos is but sorry you have to wait for a few later chapters to discover his background till then I will give you the chance to think who he is)[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: Lily was confused and frighten by her mysterious visitor. There was a knock at her bedroom door. ''Come in'' said Lily as Daniel strolled in by himself. ''How is your father'' asked Lily. ''Fine but a little stun and shock by this outcome'' said Daniel. ''I knew it he hates me'' said Lily sadly lowering her head. ''No don't say he doesn't hate you'' said Daniel. Lily cheered up a little by his then thought maybe Daniel could help her with something. ''Daniel does your father know a person by the name of Chaos'' said Lily. ''Let me think no the name doesn't ring a bell I will sure to ask him'' said Daniel. ''Thank you Daniel is your mother still around I need to speak to her'' said Lily. ''Why Lily'' said Daniel. ''I have my reasons'' Lily purred happily. ''Oh right yes she is I believe still up'' said Daniel. As Lily headed off to find Tanya in the kitchen helping Sabrina pack away some leftover scraps of the wedding feast. ''I think it was a wonderful moment till those mice show up I swear who invites mice to a cat wedding I want to know'' said Sabrina wrinkling her nose at that. ''But you like Eveberto and he is a rodent'' said Tanya making a point. ''Because he is a squirrel cats don't attck squirrels that is dog stuff'' said Sabrina as that moment Eveberto pop his head out of a lid looking for food squeaked angrily at them. ''Oh sorry Eveberto we didn't mean to offend you'' said Sabrina. While Eveberto disappeared back into the container searching for any food or scraps to eat left from the wedding party. ' 'Now look what you made me do Tillie'' said Sabrina angrily pushing past to get out of the room as fast as she could. ''Oh Lily I didn't see you standing there'' said Sabrina as she mange to calm herself down at the sight of her young charge. ''No problem Sabrina is certianly is odd first this creature Chaos appears in my room then you and Tillie are at each other's throats'' said Lily. ''No Lily dear it may seem that way but we always make up in the end wait a minute did you say Chaos'' said Sabrina as her cheery mood changed to fear. ''Yes that is right you know him'' said Lily seeing the worry in Sabrina. ''Lily what does he look like'' said Sabrina which sound she did knew him. Lily explained what Chaos looked like. ''Yes Lily I did knew Chaos a long time ago listen Lily stay as far away as your can for Chaos will make your life like hell'' said Sabrina. Then Sabrina thought of something. ''Remmeber Lily when I said I bought your parents old house well I thought that you would come back to live there it is your home after all'' said Sabrina. ''No Sabrina I know it is my home by birthright but you earn to have I don't belong in that world anymore'' said Lily. Sabrina stared at her seeing how much Lily had changed the time she left. Sabrina left the room leaving the two alone just what Lily needed. ''Well you must have an excited day you must be tired we don't want you to lose your strength before your baby arrives'' said Tanya. ''Actually Tillie we all lose our strength to some things don't we Tillie or should I say Tanya'' said Lily. Tanya was stun how did this young cat discover the truth. She slam the door shut turning to Lily. ''How did you know'' asked Tanya. ' 'It isn't that hard I am not stupid Tanya I put the pieces together from what I picked up when you said I reminded you of yourself, Miss Kitty, Tiger, those mice at the wedding as one of them look like you it leads to one thing'' said Lily. Tanya didn't understand why wasn't Lily angry with her for lying to them and keeping a deep secret. ''And also how Daniel loves to help mice he has your blood Tanya you can't change the cat I love I am not angry I know you must had been in a diffcult place at the time'' said Lily softly and calm. ''Yet I fear how Daniel and Cat R Waul will react if they discover what I kept from them all those years trying to hide a part of me for so long'' said Tanya as her mind was off in a distant world. ''But Lily you love small animals too for I never once knew a time when you tried to attack Eveberto'' said Tanya as both sat together. ''Because I grew up with a gentle nature towards them'' said Lily. ''Oh Lily I wish they were more understanding like you were the greatest gift Daniel had ever found'' said Tanya. ''Maybe if you explain why you did this'' said Lily. ''It isn't that simple Lily'' said Tanya. ","Summary":" Twisted Fate: Summery: Sequel to Strange King Of Love. That Lily and Daniel were back and planning "},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"Cherry and Atticus Go West","Author":"PerkyGoth14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11628334","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Based on an RP in early September. Read & Review! It was just another weekend, Atticus decided to visit Cherry since Patch was going to visit his family on the farm and Colette decided to go with him. Mo came over too so they could all have some fun. Cherry was looking through her movie collection while Mo got pizza together and Atticus got the soda. Cherry came back. \"Hey guys, how about some Fievel Goes West?\" she offered, showing them the sequel to the beloved mouse movie, 'An American Tail'. \"Sounds great to me.\" Atticus said. \"What happens in that one?\" Mo asked. \"I always get those two mixed up.\" \"An American Tail's when they go to America, and in this one, they go west.\" Cherry answered like it was obvious. \"Oh, right...\" Mo hit herself on the forehead. \"I've never been a big fan of Western movies, but I do like this one...\" Cherry said once she got the movie set up for them. \"Same here.\" Atticus said. Mo saw that their food was ready and sorted it out. Cherry put the movie in and got out plates for her and her friends. So far, everything was normal and it seemed like nothing could ruin this moment. \"Nothing could possibly ruin this moment.\" Atticus said. Mo smiled as things were going well so far. However, something weird happened. It got dark like a power outage and suddenly, there were sparks all around them and everything started to spin. The three humans called out together, their voices seemed to echo and everything faded to black. What had just happened? While they were knocked out, a shadowed figure came up to the three of them and took them away while they were knocked out.[Chapter 2] They weren't home anymore and now on yet another adventure together and they woke up in a bed. \"Huh?\" Cherry's voice came. \"We must've fallen asleep during the movie... Why are you guys in my room?\" she then took out her hand and gasped as she saw it was a paw and she looked in a mirror to see she was a mouse and she let out a squeaked scream. \"What's wrong, Cherry?\" Atticus and Mo asked before they both screamed to see she had been turned into a mouse. Cherry looked to them. \"You guys too!?\" Atticus and Mo looked to a mirror and saw that they had been turned into mice as well. \"Oh, come on! Why did the moment have to be ruined?!\" Atticus asked. There was a female voice calling for someone. There then came a large mouse man, who was the one and only Papa Mousekewitz, the former humans were very surprised to see him, especially in this size. \"Are you all vell now?\" he asked, concerned about them. \"You all had a nasty fall out there.\" \"Where... Where are we?\" Atticus asked. \"You are in the new Mousekevitz home,\" Papa welcomed them. \"I don't know vhy you three vere out in the middle of the streets, it's going to be raining very soon!\" \"Mousekewitz?\" Cherry, Atticus, and Mo asked. \"Yes,\" Papa then looked to Cherry. \"You seem familiar however... Haven't I seen you in Flaversham Toy Shoppe?\" \"Um, maybe...\" Cherry shrugged, but did remember her adventure with the great mouse detective with her friend Katie. \"Vell, I hope you three are hungry,\" Papa told them. \"Mama's about done vith dinner.\" \"We would be glad to join your family for dinner.\" Atticus said politely. \"If that's okay.\" Mo added. \"Of course, of course, come, come meet the family.\" Papa walked them out of the guest room. \"Fievel?\" Mama's voice kept calling for the family's only son as her older daughter Tanya was practicing her singing. 'He must be outside.' Atticus thought to himself. \"You have a beautiful singing voice.\" Mo came up to the mouse girl. \"Oh, thank you...\" Tanya smiled bashfully. \"I've been practicing... I wanna be a singer when I grow up.\" However, the neighbors didn't seem to agree and started to throw vegetables at the mouse girl. \"Papa!\" Tanya whined. \"They're throwing fruit and vegetables at me again!\" \"They're just haters and trolls, don't listen to them.\" Atticus said. \"Haters and trolls?\" Tanya glanced at him funny for his choice of words. \"Just ignore them.\" Cherry covered up. \"Now, this is Tanya, and this is our baby girl, Yasha,\" Papa introduced their guests to the family. \"I don't know vhere Fievel is, but he should be coming along now...\" \"He must be outside playing.\" Atticus said. A tomato was then thrown right into their window and splatted on their wall. Mama came to it and scraped some of the residue off onto a plate. \"Another night vithout cheese...\" she muttered to herself. \"Now, I'm Bernard Mousekewitz, and this is my vife, Rosabelle.\" Papa then introduced. Cherry, Mo, and Atticus gave their names. \"I hope you enjoy dinner, because it vill be the only food you'll get.\" Mama told them strictly, but showed she was a nice woman. \"I'm sure we'll like the food.\" Atticus said. \"YEE-HAW!\" a voice screeched and there came Fievel as he kicked the door open like a saloon bar. \"Howdy, Mama!\" he greeted as he made his way for the table. \"I come here to rustle me up some grub!\" \"Vhere have you been, Fievel?\" Mama asked firmly as she seasoned their food. \"You're late.\" \"I had to rescue Sheriff Wylie Burp,\" Fievel explained, using his childish imagination as always. \"He was surrounded by the Cactus Cat gang!\" \"Oh, such a tall tale, Fievel,\" Mama sighed. \"And dirty hands too? Go wash.\" \"Yikes, he sure is a wild kid.\" Mo said. Fievel complained about washing his hands. The former humans then decided to do the same. \"Who are you guys and what're you doing here?\" Fievel asked their house guests. \"Well, I'm Atticus, and this is my friend, Cherry, and my girlfriend, Mo.\" Atticus said. \"What're you doing here?\" Fievel then asked. \"Umm... We got lost, your dad saved us.\" Mo made up a story. \"I thought things vould be better in America,\" Papa sighed. \"In Russia, my violins vere famous. Ve never vent hungry.\" \"Well, some Americans can be mean.\" Atticus said. \"Especially in New Jersey...\" Mo added with a slight scoff. \"Maybe Tanya should sing again.\" Fievel teased, he had become more of a rascal ever since they settled into America. \"Very funny,\" Tanya shook her head at him. \"You'll see, someday I'll be a big star... At least our new friends have good taste in singing. People will come from miles around.\" \"Yeah, to eat.\" Fievel then joked and laughed out loud. \"Mama!\" Tanya whined. \"Fievel, don't joke around about your sister's singing, she is a wonderful singer.\" Mo said. \"TRAIN!\" Cherry called, knowing what was now coming based on what she knew about this story. Everyone looked to her, but then suddenly there was shaking and they all ducked down as the lights temporarily went out. There was a train passing by just then like Cherry had predicted. Papa lit the candle back up and everyone sorted themselves again. \"They call America the land of opportunity,\" he said before blowing out the match he lit the candle with. \"Opportunity for vhat? For children to play in the filthy streets? To never see the sunshine? Fievel's birthday is coming... And ve don't have enough money for presents.\" \"Oh, dear.\" Mo said. \"So, you're all from America?\" Mama asked the group. \"Yeah, mostly...\" Cherry replied, she wasn't exactly lying. \"Ve better get you home to your parents, they must be vorried sick!\" Mama sounded worried for them then, not knowing where they really came from. \"Um, I don't know if you could find them here.\" Atticus said. \"Nonsense, parents should alvays be near their children.\" Mama insisted as she carried Yasha. \"I could sing in front of the gift shop,\" Tanya suggested as a way for them to earn more money. \"Maybe they'll throw presents.\" This made the family laugh and join together in a warm hug. \"Um, well, you see, um, we don't even know how we got here.\" Atticus admitted. Papa felt better once he hugged his family. \"How blessed I am to have such fine children...\" he smiled to them. \"Maybe things vill get better and maybe you three vould like to become members of our family.\" \"Oh, sir, we cound't impose...\" Mo shrugged about laying low with them for a while. \"Only if you vould vant to, the more, the merrier.\" Papa assured. \"Well, alright, maybe just for a little while.\" Atticus said. The family hugged and heard something outside. \"What was that?\" Mo wondered. \"Tiger?\" Fievel wondered, he came to the window and looked out. \"Tiger!\" \"Must be a friend of his.\" Atticus said, acting like he didn't know who Tiger was. \"Oh, yes, this may sound absurd, but Tiger is actually a cat.\" Papa smiled. \"Really?\" Mo actually was surprised since she didn't know the story as well as Atticus or Cherry. \"Yeah, ve didn't think it vas possible,\" Mama added as she soothed little Yasha's fears. \"Especially vith that Gussie Mausheimer.\" \"Who's she?\" Mo asked then. \"She helped us send those bad cats away with her secret weapon and we all reunited as a family!\" Tanya replied, sounding very animated right now. \"Cool.\" Atticus said. \"Actually, it's a little cold.\" Tanya misunderstood what he meant by that. \"No, when, I said cool, it means, well, it's kind of hard to explain.\" Atticus said. Tanya gave a shrug. \"Yasha's so beautiful, can I hold her?\" Mo asked. \"Sure, just be very careful.\" Mama advised, handing her baby girl over to the stranger mouse girl. \"It's okay, I know what to do, I got a baby brother at home.\" Mo smiled as she gently held Yasha and not drop her. \"It's true.\" Atticus said. \"Hello there, Yasha...\" Mo cooed to the baby mouse. Yasha smiled and giggled to her. \"She seems to really like you.\" Mama said. \"I like her too.\" Mo smiled as she continued to hold the baby mouse. Mama tried to take Yasha back, but the baby mouse girl seemed to whine and refuse to let go and return to her mother. Papa chuckled. \"Vell, at least Yasha has a new friend now.\"[Chapter 3] Fievel came back to see the others, but just as he did, an alarm was rung outside to alert all of the mice in the area. \"What's that?\" Atticus asked. \"It's a cat attack!\" Papa cried once he recognized the alarm. \"Cat attack?\" Mo asked. Yasha hiked up closer to the girl in worry. The mice now had to flee away before any of the cats could get them. \"I'll face any of the cats that try to hurt any of us.\" Atticus said. \"That's brave of you, but ve have to move!\" Mama told him, not knowing what he could do. The mice laughed as they tried to make their escape. Tony Toponi even gathered his family together so they could get out, no way he was going to let his little mousling live in fear like this. \"Let's try not to be seen by any cats.\" Mo suggested. Tiger saw the mice fleeing away, he looked very nervous and worried for them, being best friends with the rodent species either way. \"Well, look at it this way at least this can't get any worse.\" Mo said. \"Let's just hope we make it out alive!\" Tanya cried as they were forced out of their home from the cat attack. There was a brown cat in a red cloak with a hat and monocle and he was accompanied with a large spider. \"SPIDER!\" Cherry shrieked, she was deathly afraid of those. \"Oh, no, Cherry is afraid of spiders.\" Atticus told the mouse family. \"Vhere is the spider?\" Papa asked as they were still inside. \"Why those no-good ornery varmints!\" Fievel snapped as he went to make the cats pay for scaring Tiger. \"Fievel, come back!\" Papa called as Fievel was running off again. Mo and Atticus decided to go after him so he wouldn't get hurt. Fievel took his blue hat off and changed it into a cowboy hat so he could make his fantasies of the Wild West come to life. \"Fievel, are you crazy?!\" Atticus asked. \"Trust me, I know what I'm doin'!\" Fievel was determined. Mama shrieked as her only son was going off while there were cats outside. \"Oh, brother, I'll go after him and make sure none of those cats hurt him.\" Atticus said as he went after the young mouse. \"I'm going with you.\" Cherry followed after him. Mo decided stay behind as she was the only one who was able to calm Yasha down at the moment. One of the cats grinned evilly as he slammed his paw into the Mousekewitz home and destroyed it, making Papa cling to the edge, fearing for his life while the others were knocked out of their home in the rain. \"Fievel! Fievel!\" Atticus called out. Cherry followed after him so they could find the mouse and return him home. The cat saw the mother and two daughters alone and decided to go after them. Mo hugged Yasha while Mama held Tanya. They tried to get away, but no matter what, the cat would be near them. The cat laughed as he was hungry for them. \"I see yer missin' an eye, Pilgrim!\" Fievel taunted as he looked more like the cowboy he had aspired to be now. \"Now, this makes a fair fight!\" \"Fievel, this is insane.\" Atticus said. \"You're gonna get hurt!\" Cherry added. \"Hey, if Wylie Burp can do this, then so can I!\" Fievel wasn't going to quit. \"But whoever this Wylie Burp is must either be a bigger animal.\" Atticus said. \"Like a dog.\" Cherry added, already knowing. \"I know what I'm doing!\" Fievel still stood up for himself. The cat with an eye patch snarled to the mice challenging him. \"That's right, I'm talkin' to you, Fur Head!\" Fievel taunted. \"FUR HEAD!?\" the cat snarled as he went to beat the cheese out of them now. \"Hey, one-eyed freak!\" Atticus called out to the cat. The cat hissed and came for them, leaving the rest of the Mousekewitz family alone. \"I don't care what the boss says, you mouses are lunch!\" Fievel looked overwhelmed suddenly as the cat came toward them. \"Run, run, you all!\" Mama told them as she ran with the others, carrying her crying baby. Atticus just simply walked up to the cat, unafraid of him. Fievel was very afraid, he even started to cry, fearing for his life now. However, there came a screechy noise which made the cat's ears feel in pain. Papa was playing his violin badly to distract the cat and allow them to escape. \"Run for your life, children!\" he told the three young mice to get out while they still could. \"Don't have to tell me twice.\" Cherry said, picking up Fievel and ran off to the mouse family. The cat sorted himself out and started to chase after them. Atticus growled, he wanted to teach this cat a lesson as Cherry and Fievel ran off together, but decided to teach the cat a lesson later on. The three then ended up in a can and started to roll down the street. \"I'm feeling siiiiicckk!\" Cherry grunted as they spun around and around. \"Mama, Tanya, get in!\" Fievel called to his mother and sister so they could travel faster as the cat chased them. Papa then ran alongside them to join them, it took a while, but he finally made it in with his family. \"I think I'm getting a bit dizzy.\" Mo said. The cat pounced for them, but it made them go even faster and they even fell down into a vent leading into the sewers. At least they were free from that cat. They all now used the can as a boat as they were swiftly going through the water. \"I'm so sorry you poor children have to go through this.\" Mama told Atticus, Cherry, and Mo. \"Hey, it's alright, besides we've been through worse.\" Atticus said. \"Oh, I don't even vant to think of it!\" Mama was worried. \"You gonna be sick, Cherry?\" Mo asked, knowing how Cherry got on boat rides. \"Yeah and that smell isn't helping...\" Cherry moaned a little. \"Is it me or is the water getting faster?\" \"It's not just you.\" Atticus said. The water was rushing and became more like a tidal wave, taking them with it. Fievel was excited however. The can went faster and they started to go down a waterfall, making them all scream. They went through all sorts of twists and turns that was no different from a water based amusement park ride. \"Wahoo! What a ride!\" Atticus cheered. There was one more waterfall that was so huge and they flew through the air and crashed into that last one. However, they all could still float, but they were suffocating a little from the water. Due to being a mouse, this one time, Atticus didn't change. \"Let's go on that ride again!\" Fievel chirped, very excited. \"Vhere did I get such a son?\" Mama sighed. \"I don't know.\" Atticus shrugged, but was confused why he didn't change into a merboy or in this case, mermouse. \"Why, howdy, fine mice,\" a male voice called as they floated along. \"I'm in desperate need of help. I've come into possession of railway tickets to the West.\" When their can boat passed a corner, they could see a cowboy mouse talking to a large group of fellow mice. \"Tickets to sunshine that I will be unable to use,\" the cowboy mouse continued. \"Surely there are some of y'all looking for a little elbow room, y'all.\" \"That isn't really how cowboys or in this case, cowmice, talk.\" Atticus said. \"Yeah, how would you know?\" Mo asked. \"I watch a lot of cowboy movies.\" Atticus replied, he was sure this was a trick. Fievel was too impressed and excited to see a real live cowboy that he didn't see anything wrong with this little set-up. \"Now, I ain't gonna lie,\" the cowboy continued. \"There are problems out West. There's a lot of bright sunshine and fresh air.\" \"The horror...\" Cherry grumbled. \"But after these opulent, aromatic sewers, that might be upsetting for you all, you all, y'all.\" the cowboy still tried to convince the mice to be on his side. \"Okay, what is this guy up to?\" Atticus asked. Mouse families then butted against each other to take tickets into the Wild West, believing his stories. \"Hold your horses, one dogdarn minute, y'all!\" the cowboy tried to settle them down. \"There's plenty for everyone! Yes, siree!\" he then got out tickets for all of them to emigrate from this old land and settle into the West. \"Are there any cats out West?\" a mouse woman asked in concern. \"There certainly are,\" the cowboy mouse replied. \"If you have prejudices against cats, you better stay put. On the frontier cats and mice help each other. The anointed leader of cats, Mr. Cat R. Waul...\" \"Yeah, only for him to have an evil plan.\" Atticus whispered to himself, already have seen the movie. Cherry nodded, she knew as well as the 'cowboy' talked about how Cat R. Waul was the best of the best. Mo seemed to be fooled like the rest of the Mousekewitz family, but she did sense something off about this cowboy character. \"Uh, ah, the fact is, cats even get along with the dogs out there,\" the 'cowboy' continued. \"Sheriff Wylie Burp is probably the finest law-dog in the West, actually, y'all.\" \"Wow, Wylie Burp...\" Fievel whispered in excitement about going to live in the West instead of around here. \"Too bad there aren't any desperadoes to round up.\" the cowboy laughed, which made everyone want to buy a ticket to get to the Wild West. \"We might as well go and buy tickets.\" Atticus said. \"Come on, Papa, let's go!\" Fievel agreed. \"There is opportunity out Vest.\" Mama suggested. \"Maybe they'll have a better appreciation for singers out there!\" Tanya smiled. \"So vhat are ve fiddling around here for?\" Papa chuckled. \"Let's go Vest!\" \"Couldn't agree more.\" Atticus said. It was now official. \"Ve'll leave in the morning so ve can make it to the train.\" Mama advised after they got train tickets. \"Yeah.\" Atticus said. The following night was spent by packing up and Fievel was writing a letter for his best friend, Tiger in case they would be gone by the time he would come and see the family.[Chapter 4] \"Well, we made it, not that it was worth it.\" Mo said. \"Cheer up, Monique, dear, you'll make new friends.\" Papa soothed her like she was his foster daughter. A newlywed mouse couple even moved into a shoe together. Mo just sighed, it made her only think of the wedding she wished to have with Atticus once they would get older. A mouse moved into a boiler and called it 'Home Sweet Home'. Tony and his wife Bridget moved into a teapot together with their child. \"Looks like almost everything is taken.\" Mo said. \"Papa, quick, quick!\" Mama warned her husband to find a home before all the places would fill up. \"Alright, alright,\" Papa replied. \"Ve Mousekevitzes may be slower, but ve are smarter. You see, all these speedier mice are fighting the land, but in this country, you vant to be near the vater.\" he then showed there was a barrel up on a stand with dripping water. Soon, the family settled into an open gas tank which gave them a small puddle of water from the barrel. \"Wow.\" Mo said. \"This is your land?\" Mama mocked her husband at first, but then looked sad again. \"Ve lost Fievel and his friends.\" \"Mama, they vill come,\" Papa encouraged her with a smile. \"He's a Mousekewitz and those two vith him have good heads on their shoulders! If ve vork hard, Green River vill be everything ve've dreamed of. The vater for instance... In a few days, it vill be a beautiful vaterfall.\" \"Well, at least that's something to think about.\" Mo said. \"That's the spirit!\" Papa smiled to her. \"Well, at least it's not going to get worse.\" Mo said. However, as she said that, the water stopped dropping and ground quickly dried up. \"Oh, come on!\" Mo exclaimed. The cats and spider even came to see them. The Mousekewitz family stayed close together in case something bad might happen to them. Mo came over to them to make sure the cats or spiders didn't try to hurt them. The brown cat seemed charming however and was showing he was kind though. \"After all, what are neighbors for?\" he rhetorically asked, looking to his right hand men. \"A cup of sugar, a saucer of cream, a pail of water...\" \"Water?\" the spider chuckled as he held the bail of water. \"I'll give 'em water!\" \"I'd like to share a vision,\" the brown cat said to them, lifting up Baby Yasha from the other toddlers around her age, which worried Mama at first. \"A world where cats and mice live and work side by side. A world where mothers raise their mouselings without fear. Where musicians receive their proper due. Where young mousettes fulfill their every, dream...\" The other mice really liked the sound of this kind of world and maybe living in the West wouldn't be so bad. \"Will you help me build this world?\" the brown cat smiled to them, which made the mice all cheer in agreement. 'Wow, maybe this guy isn't so bad after all.' Mo thought to herself. The brown cat, who was named Cat R. Waul, then returned Baby Yasha back to her family and she cooed and giggled in response. 'He does seem nice.' Mo thought to herself. The mice were going to have to get used to living among cats, but it actually seemed worth it.[Chapter 5] Meanwhile, Cherry, Atticus, and Fievel were walking alongside the railroad tracks as the sun was baking them alive. They were all muttering about needing water and they had been out in the sun so long with no water, this led to hallucinations. \"You know, we wouldn't be in this situation if a certain young mouse hadn't sneaked away in the middle of the night.\" Atticus glared. \"I didn't mean to make us fall...\" Fievel defended, though a little weak due to being extremely thirsty. Cherry wiped her head. She was sweating, she hated to sweat. \"I know, it's just that it's so hot out here, I cannot wait for us to get to some shade.\" Atticus said. Fievel's ears went up. \"Do you guys hear that?\" \"Hear what?\" Cherry asked as the heat was affecting her the most due to hating hotness. \"It's Mama...\" Fievel sounded relieved, but still exhausted and dehydrated. \"Oh, no, I think he's experiencing his first mirage.\" Atticus said. \"Those really happen?\" Cherry asked. \"I thought maybe they were just urban legends.\" \"It could happen.\" Atticus explained. Fievel kept moving closer and closer, unfortunately for him, he was about to run into a cactus field. \"Oh, no, he's about to run right into one of those-\" Atticus said. \"Fievel, stop!\" Cherry tried to speak up. It was too late, Fievel giggled and hugged the prickly plants, but once he got jabbed, he jumped high in the air in pain. \"Cactus.\" Atticus finished. Fievel came back down and winced as he was in pain now. Cherry and Atticus then continued to walk with him around the sandy surface, trying to find civilization. A little while later, there were calls heard for Fievel that sounded familiar. \"That sounded like Tiger...\" Fievel whispered. \"You sure?\" Atticus asked, already knowing what Tiger's voice sounded like. \"I swear it...\" Fievel whispered, then looked thoughtful and frowned. \"Nah, it has to be just a mirage...\" \"You never know, Fievel, sometimes mirages can confuse you to what's real.\" Atticus said. \"That's true...\" Cherry agreed. Fievel walked with them, passing the obviously real Tiger, but still didn't want to believe it. \"Hi, Mirage Tiger...\" \"Hi, Mirage Fievel and his new friends...\" Tiger weakly greeted back as he went off to the opposite direction. \"Wait, that mirage didn't sound echoey,\" Atticus realized. \"Could that have been... Nah.\" \"All I know is that I am ready to go to bed...\" Cherry muttered. \"Maybe a little rest would be great, that way, we can continue walking at night when it's much cooler.\" Atticus said. \"Yeah, I never got that about deserts, but at least it's cool out at night, which is so perfect for me...\" Cherry sounded relaxed for a change. \"So, then why don't we stop and rest?\" Atticus suggested. \"We can't stop now!\" Fievel encouraged. \"Fievel, we're in the desert, it's hot, we need to stop and rest.\" Atticus said. Fievel did not want to give up, but he eventually tired himself out. \"Come on, a little rest will do us some good, besides, once it's night time, it'll be less stressful for us.\" Atticus said. \"Okay, you're probably right.\" Fievel said. \"Yeah, the heat makes me unhappy...\" Cherry added. \"What doesn't make you unhappy?\" Atticus glanced at her jokingly. \"Other people's misery...\" Cherry looked away mysteriously. \"Um, okay?\" Atticus said out of confusion. Fievel was getting very dizzy from dehydration. \"Come on, have a seat.\" Cherry told the young mouseling. \"Okay.\" Fievel said before passing out. Cherry made sure they would be warm enough since it usually got freezing cold in the desert at night. \"Of all the places for an adventure, it had to be the Wild West...\" \"At least it can't get worse.\" Atticus said. Cherry glared at him for saying that. A screech was then heard. Fievel woke up from his little episode and looked up and there was a vicious bird of prey now swooping down from the air to eat them. \"RUN!\" Cherry called. The three mice then quickly got back to their feet and tried to outrun the bird. \"Why does something like this always happen when someone says that?!\" Atticus asked. \"Because fate is cruel!\" Cherry said as they ran as fast as they could. Fievel let out a scream as they kept running. The bird then swooped down and caught Fievel in its talons and flew off with him. \"Hey, come back here with our friend!\" Atticus demanded. He got his answer as the bird came back and snatched up both Atticus and Cherry. \"You just had to say it.\" Cherry folded her arms as they were going to be prey as well. \"Sorry.\" Atticus said. The fabric on Fievel's shirt ripped and made the young mouse drop down. Once he landed on the ground, he rushed for a nearby hole so he could hide in it and avoid being eaten. The bird noticed Fievel dropped, so it swooped down again to get him. Cherry and Atticus zipped away after the bird was on the ground, going after Fievel. The bird got Cherry, Atticus, and Fievel back together and flew off with them, rising them high up in the air and left to take them to its nest. \"This bird is getting annoying.\" Atticus said. \"Death by dinner for a bird of prey...\" Cherry shrugged. \"I never though it'd end this way.\" \"No way, we're not going out like this.\" Atticus said. \"Too bad...\" Cherry looked distantly to the full moon. They were flying for a good while until there were randomly colorful fireworks. \"What the!?\" Cherry and Atticus noticed. \"What are those?\" Fievel asked. \"They look like fireworks.\" Cherry observed. \"But where are they coming from?\" Atticus wondered. The bird was unable to concentrate on its flying as the colorful lights flashed in its eyes and made it squawk in total discomfort and misery. It eventually clucked like a chicken and didn't seem as threatening as a popcorn ball hit it and it dropped Cherry, Atticus, and Fievel right in the middle of a banquet. \"Whoa! Who's the banquet for?\" Fievel asked. \"Not us...\" Cherry mumbled. \"Water!\" Fievel realized what he landed in and slurped some of it. Cherry and Atticus then drank some of the water too since they had been walking all day through the desert. Unfortunately and unintentionally, they were grabbed in the bowl and were rushed down from the water into someone's hungry mouth. \"Oh, come on!\" Atticus groaned. \"Oh, no...\" Fievel whimpered. \"We're in a mouth!\" \"Hey, you were right, the bird wasn't gonna kill us,\" Cherry said to Atticus. \"We'll just burn from stomach acid.\" Fievel screamed and clung onto the uvula of the mouth. \"Hey! Let us out of this mouth!\" Atticus yelled out to whoever drank the water and would possibly swallow them. \"Oh, I hope he doesn't throw up...\" Fievel moaned. \"Who said that?\" the voice asked. \"ME!\" Atticus yelled. \"Me?\" the voice was confused. \"SAY 'AAAH'!\" Cherry called before they could fall down the throat and be digested. \"Yes, please say 'AAAH'!\" Atticus added in. \"Aaahhh...\" They were all suddenly on a tongue and they saw someone very familiar. \"Tiger!\" \"Guys!\" Tiger smiled to them, knowing why he couldn't eat just then. \"Tiger, what are you doing here?\" Atticus asked. \"Oh, it was the strangest thing, these mice were gonna eat me, but they're treating me like a god now!\" Tiger smiled. Fievel hugged his cat best friend. \"I thought I'd never see you again!\" \"Why didn't you come say goodbye back in the city?\" Cherry asked. \"I tried to,\" Tiger explained. \"I was there this morning, but by the time I came over, you were already gone and I've been looking all over for ya.\" \"You have?\" Atticus asked. \"Yeah, sorry, I kinda took a break once these Indian mice came with food for me.\" Tiger smiled apologetically. \"Come on!\" Fievel jumped up. \"Let's go to Green River!\" \"Yeah, as in, now.\" Atticus said. The mouse chief came with his strongest mice and they carried a roast turkey. \"Erm... Uhh... Listen, guys,\" Tiger bent down, setting the three mice on the ground. \"They think I'm a god here, so this right here, is kinda unprofessional...\" \"But Tiger, we have to warn our family and friends!\" Fievel insisted. \"That cats are gonna turn us into mouse-\" Tiger shushed him. \"The folks are gettin' very offended,\" he whispered sharply. \"Listen, you go run and I'll join you as soon as I can.\" \"Promise?\" Atticus asked. \"I promise,\" Tiger vowed. \"Cross my heart and hope to cry.\" he then wiped his eyes with his bushy tail. \"Oh, Tiger, I nearly forgot,\" Fievel spoke up. \"How do we get to Green River?\" \"Just grab a sage coach.\" Tiger brought a tumbleweed for them to climb into and travel that way. \"Okay, see ya later, Tiger, adios!\" Fievel called as he was going in the tumbleweed with Cherry and Atticus. \"Sage coach, get it?\" Tiger chuckled and waved to them as they traveled to get back to where the others were. \"Ah, never mind...\"[Chapter 6] \" Rollin', Rollin', Rollin'~... \" Cherry randomly sang. \"Really?\" Atticus asked. Cherry shrugged. \"Those guys who lived in the orphanage before us used to sing it.\" \"Who?\" Atticus asked. \"The Blues Brothers, Jake and Elwood.\" Cherry explained. \"Cool.\" Atticus smiled. \"Sometimes I wonder if we should go back and visit that orphanage for old time's sake...\" Cherry shrugged. \"Yeah.\" Atticus said. The traveling lasted for a good long time. They ended up outside an office with two sleeping dogs, one of which wore a cowboy hat over his eyes. \"That dog looks familiar...\" Cherry said to herself about the other dog who wore a string around its neck as it carried something. \"Wait a sec...\" she then lifted up the bottom part and saw the end of the string was a timer that was ticking. \"Strange, what kind of dog would wear a timer?\" Atticus wondered. \"Einstein!\" Cherry realized who this dog was. \"Einstein?\" Atticus asked. \"This is my Uncle Emmett's dog.\" Cherry said to him. \"Excuse us, Mr. Dog!\" Fievel called to the other dog. \"We need your help!\" \"Huh?\" the other dog mumbled, slowly waking up before going right back to sleep due to being old. \"Oh, no, the tumbleweed's asking me for help... No, not again...\" he then covered his eyes with his ears. \"Do we look like a tumbleweed to you?!\" Atticus exclaimed. The dog went right back to sleep, accidentally letting out a burp and blew away Fievel after Atticus helped Cherry out. A man with silvery white hair with a brown hat, a jacket, rough pants, and boots came out of the building he was in before. \"Come on, Einie, time to go.\" he told his dog. \"Uncle Emmett!\" Cherry squeaked out loud. \"Sir, wait!\" Atticus squeaked out loud. Einstein barked and growled to his master. \"What is it, boy?\" the aging man knelt down next to his dog. \"You see something weird?\" Einstein gestured to the mice. The man bent down and picked up the mice in his hand, wondering why his dog would want anything to do with them. \"Uncle Emmett!\" Cherry squeaked. \"Please!\" \"That's funny, that mouse sounded just like Cherry...\" the man pouted slightly. \"That's because that is Cherry! And I'm her best friend, Atticus!\" Atticus squeaked. \"GREAT SCOTT!\" the old man jumped back slightly. \"Yeah, that's Uncle Emmett alright.\" Cherry smirked. \"Cherry, what in the name of Sir Isaac H. Newton happened to you two?\" Emmett glanced at his niece and her friend. \"We don't know, one moment we're watching a movie, the next thing we know, we're being sucked into the movie and when we woke up, we were mice.\" Atticus told him. \"That sounds preposterous,\" Emmett commented. \"But, Cherry would never lie to me... Now, where are you all headed?\" \"Cat R. Waul's going to turn everyone into mouse burgers!\" Cherry explained, becoming animated. \"We overheard him! He tried to trick us, but we know he was only lying! No cats can be trusted to any mice, except for maybe Tiger.\" \"Yeah, because Tiger would never ever eat a mouse.\" Atticus said. \"A cat who never eats rodents... Fascinating...\" Emmett mumbled. \"Could you let us go warn the others, please?\" Cherry asked her maternal uncle. \"As long as if you think you'll be okay...\" Emmett warned before he bent down to let them back down on the ground with the other mice. \"We will, sir.\" Atticus said. \"Good luck then...\" Emmett decided to let them ride on Einstein. \"Enie, take them to the other mice and come straight home.\" Einstein nodded to him and carried Cherry and Atticus on his back so they wouldn't get stepped on or taken away from any cats. Emmett then walked off with his supplies and went to get home to his new wife and kids. \"This reminds me of when I rode on Toby's back with Basil, Dawson, and Olivia.\" Cherry said once they were on Einstein's back. \"This sure feels like fun.\" Atticus smiled. Einstein placed his nose on the ground and sniffed for mice. Cherry and Atticus looked around, but Einstein stopped and barked to them. \"You found them?\" Cherry smiled and hugged the dog. \"Thanks, Einie, now go back to Uncle Emmett!\" Einstein gently lowered himself to let them off and once they were off, he went to go home himself. \"Wait, Cherry, I feel like we forgot something.\" Atticus said. \"What's that?\" Cherry asked. \"Wait, are all three of us here?\" Atticus asked. \"Here he comes.\" Cherry pointed. The tumbleweed with Fievel in it was rolling over and ended up in a board, a human male stepped on it just in time for Fievel to come out and find them. The other mice were building their new civilization that was somehow invisible to human eyes in a metaphorical sense. \"Wow.\" Atticus said. They wandered around and as two male mice were carrying a see-through piece of glass, they saw the Mousekewitz family with Hiram. \"Mama, Papa, Tanya!\" Fievel rushed over to his family. Cherry and Atticus followed after him as the family, minus Mo, Olivia, and Baby Yasha. \"Where do you think Mo, Olivia, and Baby Yasha are?\" Atticus asked Cherry. \"Gee, I dunno, why don't we ask them?\" Cherry deadpanned. \"Why do you gotta be bitterly sarcastic?\" Atticus asked her. \"Stop asking obvious or stupid questions...\" Cherry slowly shut her eyes. \"Fine, fine.\" Atticus said. Fievel happily reunited with his family, which made them stop their helping paws in work, but this was much more important. \"Mousekewitz, don't let go!\" Hiram warned the parents and older sister. The family then went back to work after they shared a hug with Fievel. \"What happened to you?\" Tanya giggled. \"You wouldn't believe us if we told you.\" Atticus said. \"Oh, come on...\" Tanya insisted. \"We were lost in the middle of the desert, and a GIANT hawk swooped down and got us!\" Fievel explained. \"And that Cat R. Waul, he's gonna build a giant mousetrap and turn us into mouse burgers!\" \"Yeah.\" Atticus nodded. Papa chuckled to this, thinking that they were out in the desert too long and it was just an overative imagination. Atticus groaned, he knew that would happen. \"Where are Mo, Olivia, and Baby Yasha?\" he then asked. \"I think I saw them in the general store window.\" Hiram suggested. \"Thank you, sir.\" Atticus smiled before going off to the general store. Hiram tipped his hat and went back to work. \"Come on, Fievel, we better make sure he doesn't get into any trouble.\" Cherry said. \"Okay...\" Fievel sighed that his family didn't believe him and went with her to find the girls. A cat dressed like a cowboy smiled to the mice and helped them, acting friendly. \"They should be in here somewhere.\" Atticus said. The girls were in fact on the window sill of the general store. \"Oh, Atticus!\" Mo beamed, she gently handed the baby to Olivia and rushed over to hug her boyfriend. Atticus rushed over to hug his girlfriend, feeling like they had been separated forever. \"Are ye okay, Fievel?\" Olivia asked. \"Yeah, I'm fine...\" Fievel said to her. \"Are any of you hurt?\" Mo asked. \"We'll be fine.\" Cherry said. Fievel looked at the one cowboy cat as he stumbled into the saloon. \"Something's telling me to go over there.\" \"Me as well.\" Atticus said. Cherry, Mo, and Olivia followed after. Mo gently bounced Yasha and comforted her as she carried the youngest Mouskewitz. \"So why are we going in the saloon?\" Olivia asked. \"I dunno why, but I feel like something's going on over there.\" Fievel said to her. \"Come on, Yasha, let's go.\" Mo told the baby mouse she was carrying. Yasha cooed to her and nodded, like she agreed with going along. With that, they all came into the saloon and it was crawling with felines.[Chapter 7] 'Whoa, that's a lot of cats.' Atticus thought to himself. They looked around and saw Cat R. Waul as he was living like a king in the saloon so far. \"This bein' nice to mice, it's... it's... IT'S DRIVING ME NUTS! \" the cowboy cat had a panic attack. \"You morons!\" Cat R. Waul slammed a magnifying glass on top of him. There was a genius cat that showed a blueprint on how they were going to catch all of the mice so they could eat them. 'Oh, no.' Atticus thought to himself. \"MOUSE BURGER!\" the cats cheered. \"Let me hear it again?\" Cat R. Waul smiled smugly. \"MOUSE BURGER!\" the cats cheered again. \"Let the saliva flow!\" Cat R. Waul grinned to them. Fievel, Cherry, Atticus, Mo, Olivia, and Yasha looked slightly panicked. \"We have to warn the others.\" Mo whispered. \"They don't believe us...\" Fievel pouted. \"We tried to tell his family, but they didn't listen.\" Cherry said to Mo to explain that saying. \"I'm gonna make that cat pay...\" Fievel slid on a fork, got on stage, grabbed the fork and poked Waul against his tail. Cat R. Waul shrieked and crashed through the ceiling. \"That's gotta hurt.\" Atticus said. After a few moments, Cat R. Waul finally came back down. \"Humans, yech! So shiny and blah!\" Cherry, Mo, and Atticus gave glares, taking offense to that. \"You take that back!\" Atticus glared. Fievel looked curious and confused why Atticus would take offense to that. \"Right, I want the subversive who attempted to assassinate me, found.\" Waul demanded to his spider minion. \"I love finding subversives!\" Chula cheered before spitting up a web. \"What's a subversive?\" \"Someone who doesn't have long to live.\" Waul glared as Fievel kept the fork and ended up on a record player and got stuck in the needle. Cherry, Atticus, and Mo tried to help him out. \"If it isn't my friends from the train?\" Waul smirked to the young mice, trying to remain friendly like the others believed him to be. \"Um, Atticus, I think that now is a perfect time for you to use your true strength on them.\" Mo said nervously. \"We heard what you said about the mouse burgers.\" Cherry glared and narrowed her eyes at the brown cat. \"We're gonna tell everyone and we're gonna get Wylie Burp.\" Fievel added in bravery. \"You're also gonna be dead meat in a few seconds.\" Mo said, looking to her boyfriend after she said that. \"Yeah!\" Atticus added in, cracking his knuckles. Cat R. Waul just laughed at the young mice with his fellow cats. \"That quaint historical figure,\" he mocked the young mice he held hostage before he was going to eat them all alive. \"Put simply, I am the law here. You are all just mere hors d'oeuvres.\" \"I'll show you hors d'oeuvres!\" Atticus growled, about to attack. However, before anything could happen, Cat R. Waul heard distant singing which bounced into his ears in delight. 'Why did he stop?' Atticus thought to himself. Cat R. Waul dropped the mice. They then took this chance to run away, but they got trapped into a bottle and Chula was death-staring them all, looking like he wanted to eat them as well. Cat R. Waul ignored everything in his path and walked aimlessly out of the saloon and went to find the source of the singing. He had found out that the singing had come from Tanya as she was painting for her family's new business in the Wild West. And where her singing seemed to have touched the evil cat's heart. He even reached his paw out and made it dance with her as she was in her own little world right now. He knew that he just had to show Tanya to Miss Kitty. After he walked Tanya into his paw, he grabbed her, though not in a predator way, and took her to the gray female cat who was a showgirl for the saloon. And where it looked like she was getting ready. \"Well, well, well, look what the cat dragged in...\" the sassy female cat said as soon as she caught Cat R. Waul in her mirror's reflection. \"A mouse... That's a first.\" \"Not just any mouse,\" Cat R. Waul held out Tanya in his paws who stopped singing and just realized where she was now. \"This is a diva.\" This didn't impress the sassy cat one little bit or a least, she didn't show that she was impressed. \"Diva, schmever. Put a mouse on the stage and your saloon's gonna be as empty as Death Valley on a cold day in June when the snow don't fall.\" Cat R. Waul tried to process that, he got tired of it and was annoyed. \"WHAT!? They'll love her, adore her,\" he then gave a promising smile to the young mouse and gently set her on the table for Miss Kitty to see. \"Those who don't will answer to me.\" Olivia and Mo poked their heads into the room and saw Tanya in between the two cats. \"What do we do?\" Olivia whispered. \"I dunno about you, but I'm gonna give that cat a piece of my mind!\" Mo looked menacing towards Cat R. Waul. Cat R. Waul and Miss Kitty got into an argument before they settled it and the male cat took his leave. Mo and Olivia then rushed in and they crawled up to come to Tanya's sides, very happy and thankful that she was still alive. \"What're you guys doing here?\" Tanya asked. \"We're here to save you.\" Olivia said. \"Save me?\" Tanya asked. \"We thought they were gonna eat you.\" Mo explained. \"Oh, don't worry, mouseys,\" Miss Kitty smiled to the young female mice. \"You're all safe now.\" \"You mean you don't eat mice?\" Mo asked. \"Not so much anymore,\" Miss Kitty smiled to them as she rubbed her face with her tail. \"I'm soft as this powder puff and twice as gentle. But living out here around characters like that...\" she then grabbed one of her collars and gritted her teeth like she wanted to strangle it, but returned her friendly disposition to show she meant the three of them no harm. \"What're your names?\" \"My name is Olivia Flaversham.\" the young female Scottish mouse said. \"Tanya,\" the young female Russian mouse gave her name. \"Tanya Mousekewitz.\" \"And I'm Mo Brown.\" the young not real female mouse finished. \"And you wanna be great singers.\" Miss Kitty smiled as she put on a collar around her neck. \"Oh, yes, yes, yes, I do...\" Tanya chattered excitedly. \"Yes, yes, yes...\" \"I... I have never thought of singing before...\" Olivia admitted. \"I-I guess I have wanted to sing before.\" Mo said. \"Ye have?\" Olivia asked. \"Sometimes...\" Mo shrugged. \"I know a song that I used to sing to Angel back home.\" Tanya suddenly shook and looked worried. \"What's the matter?\" Miss Kitty noticed. \"You're shaking like a rattlesnake tail.\" \"I-I'm scared...\" Tanya whimpered. \"I've never sang in front of a real audience.\" \"It's going to be okay.\" Mo assured her. There was a crash heard followed by Chula's laughter. \"Sweetie, you wouldn't be an artiste, if you weren't just a teensy bit nervous.\" Miss Kitty carried Tanya, Mo, and Olivia in her paws and gently set them down by her mirror on the vanity table. \"I'm not pretty...\" Tanya frowned. \"And says who?\" Miss Kitty gave a warm and supportive smile. \"You can be whatever you want if you believe in yourself. Show me some grit and guts.\" Olivia and Mo looked to their reflections as well as Tanya did. And where they saw themselves in beautiful dresses. \"Come on, honey dears,\" Miss Kitty encouraged. \"Give me some smiles.\" The three girls looked back and gave very small and barely visible smiles. \"Oh, no, no,\" Miss Kitty disapproved. \"Sweethearts, you can all do better than that... Each of you, think of something nice.\" Each of them were then thinking of something nice. The girls imagined themselves in showgirl dresses which made them very happy. \"I want you all to reach deep down and find the most beautiful thought that's in your heart.\" Miss Kitty coached. The girls took her words into good use and still imagined while Miss Kitty applied make-up on them. And where it seemed to work. Olivia and Tanya enjoyed the makeover, but Mo was a little hesitant, yet she allowed Miss Kitty to doll her up too. \"Oh, beautiful,\" Miss Kitty smiled to them. \"Tonight, girls, forget you're in this cowpie hole-of-an-olive-pit town. You're with your fellas at the El Purrocco club. You're on that stage, and they have front row seats. You're singing your heart out just for them.\" \"Thank you, Miss.\" Olivia smiled. \"My pleasure...\" Miss Kitty sounded distant then. Olivia and Mo looked to her. Miss Kitty found herself looking at her old photographs of Tiger. \"There are things there I miss so much,\" Miss Kitty sighed, she put Tanya in a red dress, Mo in a purple dress, and Olivia in a blue dress. \"I've forgotten why I left. So much for regrets,\" she then brightened up and looked at the mirror for the young female mice. \"So, you like yourselves?\" \"You bet.\" Mo smiled. \"We look like real ladies.\" Tanya agreed. \"Remember, the real lady is what's under the mask,\" Miss Kitty advised as she sprayed perfume. \"Now go knock 'em dead.\" she then carried the three of them in her paw as the male cats in the saloon were hassling each other and having fun of their own. \"Metaphorically speaking.\" Mo said. There were bottles thrown, but luckily, Miss Kitty dodged them as she carried her new showgirls. \"Oh, dear, oh, dear,\" Chula said as he carried the bottle that carried Cherry, Atticus, and Fievel over a small fire from a candle. \"They're not cookin' evenly.\" He then yelped as a flame jumped out and burnt one of his pinchers. \"That's what you get for being evil.\" Atticus smirked. \"Gentle creatures!\" Cat R. Waul, coming onto stage in front of the cowboy cats. \"I have arranged for a special preview of the artistic virtuosity that will become of commonplace on this stage. Allow me to present the divine divas: Miss Tanya, Monique, and Olivia!\" The cats clapped and laughed, eagerly awaiting their entertainment. \"Oh, we're so nervous.\" Mo and Olivia gulped. \"W-We can't do this...\" Tanya trembled again. \"Sure you can,\" Miss Kitty soothed. \"If anyone throws so much as a radish at you, I'll slap 'em so hard their meow'll fall off.\" \"Thank you, Miss Kitty.\" Mo smiled. Miss Kitty then wished them luck and went to the side and let them show the cats what they were made up. The cats were heckling the three so far since they were mice. The three mice girls tried to sing, but they were being rudely booed off stage until the girls hit a high note. The high not broke the glass bottle that held Cherry, Atticus, and Fievel hostage and it also amazed the cowboy cats. The piano player then played a tune and Tanya, Mo, and Olivia could now sing with high self-esteem and confidence. \"Quick, you guys, let's run!\" Fievel exclaimed. \"Come back, mice!\" Chula called after his prey. \"You wouldn't want me to miss dinner!\" he then tried to spit a web at them, but it ended up in his eyes. \"I'm blind!\" \"Help, girls!\" Cherry and Atticus called as they ran with Fievel. Mo, Olivia, and Tanya just tuned them out and kept singing. \"Girls!\" Atticus called out. Cherry, Atticus, and Fievel even grabbed onto a rope as the three mice girls just kept singing and focused on their inner most desires. Atticus loved Mo's singing voice, it was a lot different than he expected, but still, his life was at risk. Why was she ignoring him!? Chula swung after them to capture them. \"Wait, why are we running when I can just use my true strength against that spider?\" Atticus asked. \"You tell me, genius!\" Cherry said as she was mostly running from Chula because of her arachnophobia. A mirror broke into shards on the stage which hit the stage, but did not harm Mo, Olivia, or Tanya as they sang their song for the patrons. \"Time to stop running and time to fight the spider.\" Atticus glared before stopping. \"You do that!\" Cherry said as she ran off with Fievel. Chula chased after them and he snarled at Atticus before starting to tackle him, which was a rather dumb move. Because now, the spider was going to feel a whole lot of pain. \"Should we help?\" Fievel asked. \"He's got this.\" Cherry reassured. \"You sure?\" Fievel asked. They then heard Chula trying to escape. \"Trust me.\" Cherry promised. \"Hey, where ya goin'?\" Atticus taunted the villainous spider. This caused for the villainous spider to get scared and began to run for his life. Fievel and Cherry saw this and laughed at Chula as he escaped and they came back to Atticus's side. \"That'll teach him...\" Atticus said. The cats jeered for their entertainment. Fievel, Cherry, and Atticus then rushed to the stage to warn the girls. Fievel had caught Miss Kitty's perfume scent in his hat to give to Tiger later as they ran. Mo, Tanya, and Olivia curtsied after their performance and they felt like they were making their dreams come true. \"Girls!\" Atticus called out. \"Guys, we have to get out of here!\" Fievel panted. \"We must stay.\" Tanya ignored her younger brother. \"Oh, ye are so right, Tanya.\" Olivia agreed. \"Yeah, our public needs us.\" Mo also agreed. \"It's too dangerous here!\" Cherry warned. Tanya took out a notepad and wrote on it, she then signed it with Mo and Olivia before handing it over and the three mouse girls then went to their dressing room. The cats were throwing treasures and trinkets for the showgirls. \"This can't be happening.\" Atticus said. \" 'Thank you for your... A-du-lation... Tanya, Monique, and Olivia' ...\" Fievel sighed as he read the note aloud. \"I think that start of fame of their's is starting to get to them.\" Cherry said. \"How do you mean?\" Fievel asked. \"The price of fame isn't cheap,\" Cherry explained. \"You get a taste of fame and it gives you a jumping boost in the ego. Everybody loves you and wants to be you, but soon, you get sick of it and there's no way out unless you're really smart and clever.\" \"Yeah and where Tanya, Mo, and Olivia are experiencing it.\" Atticus said. Cherry gave him a glance. \"Thank you, Atticus, I don't think we could've figured that out on our own...\" \"Sorry.\" Atticus smiled sheepishly.[Chapter 8] It was now late and it felt like Cherry, Atticus, and Fievel were on their own about this whole mouse burger mess. There were two human kids outside a home, one was working on a scientific equation and the other one was flinging a sling-shot everywhere. \"Who are those two?\" Atticus asked. Cherry looked over and took a closer look. \"It's Jules and Verne!\" \"Who?\" Fievel asked. \"My cousins,\" Cherry said to him, then watched them. \"They're not fellow mice, but... You think my family could help us?\" \"Possibly.\" Atticus said. Fievel was a little nervous about encountering humans since many of them did not like mice. \"Come on.\" Atticus said. Fievel was still nervous, but followed after. \"Verne, will you stop making a nuisance of yourself?\" the brown-haired boy scolded his brother. \"I'm trying to memorize an equation from Mother's mathematical lecture!\" \"Sorry.\" Verne scoffed. \"You never are...\" Jules rolled his brown eyes back. Cherry, Atticus, and Fievel then ended up on top of his book. \"RODENTS!\" Jules screamed and dropped the book. \"Cool!\" Verne smiled in excitement. \"Where!?\" \"Down here!\" Atticus squeaked. \"The rodent is speaking to me in human language...\" Jules muttered before fainting. Verne grabbed the three mice and held them in his hand. \"Cool, I wonder if Mom could cook 'em for dinner, and if not, I can train them to play pranks on Jules!\" \"Verne Newton Brown, don't you dare think about it!\" Cherry scolded. \"Weird, that female mouse sounds like Cherry.\" Verne said. \"It is!\" Cherry yelped. \"Cherry, is that you?\" Verne asked. \"No, it's your mama, of course it's me!\" Cherry folded her arms. \"Cool!\" Verne woke up his brother. \"Ugh... What happened?\" Jules rubbed his head. \"Cherry's a mouse!\" Verne showed his brother. \"Along with her best friend Atticus and my girlfriend, Mo!\" Atticus squeaked. Jules looked woozy and passed out again. \"Somehow I don't think that guy's gonna be much help.\" Fievel huffed. \"Agreed.\" Atticus nodded. \"Verne, where's Uncle Emmett?\" Cherry asked. \"Dad's inside with Mom until supper's ready,\" Verne told her. \"You might wanna stay back though, Mom hates mice.\" \"Good to know.\" Atticus said. \"Just keep them away...\" Jules warned. \"Who knows what Mother might say?\" \"Supper time, boys!\" a female Western accent called. \"Oh, boy!\" Verne eagerly ran inside as he carried Cherry, Atticus, and Fievel in his hand. \"WHOA!\" the three mice cried, Verne seemed to had forgotten that he had them. \"Hey! Have you forgotten? We're still in your hand!\" Atticus squeaked. \"Oops, sorry, guys...\" Verne looked down to the three mice. \"Would you mind putting us down then?\" Cherry asked. \"Hmm...\" Verne then put them down on the table and sat down. Jules sat next to his brother and gave a polite smile. A curly black-haired woman hummed as she served up plates of food for her family. \"That must be their mama.\" Fievel smiled. \"Yeah, that's Aunt Clara.\" Cherry told him. Clara came back with plates of food, but she saw the mice and shrieked, dropping the plates instantly. \"MOUSE!\" \"Aunt Clara, wait!\" Cherry tried to stop her. \"Shoo, shoo!\" Clara grabbed a broom. \"Quick, run!\" Fievel exclaimed. Clara shrieked and tried to strike the broom at them. Cherry, Atticus, and Fievel ran off, leaving the house. \"Whoa, that woman really doesn't like mice.\" Atticus said. \"Which reminds me, we should visit Tom, Jerry, and Robyn sometime soon.\" Cherry suggested. \"Yeah...\" Atticus agreed. \"Now what?\" Fievel sadly sighed. \"What's the matter, kids?\" the old dog with a hat from earlier mumbled, though seemed to be talking in his sleep. \"Did you ever know something important, but nobody will believe ya?\" Fievel asked softly. \"Boy, I wish Wylie Burp was here.\" \"Ya do?\" That seemed to wake up the old dog. \"Yeah, but we don't even know where he is.\" Atticus said. \"Well, then... H-H-He's right here...\" the dog told them. Fievel came over in excitement. \"Where?\" \"The old dog's right under your whiskers,\" the dog smiled sleepily as something golden glowed underneath his droopy ears. \"Read the badge, kids.\" Atticus did so and where he then went wide-eyed. \"He's telling the truth!\" he smiled. \"Wow!\" Fievel was amazed. \"We need you, Sheriff,\" Cherry rushed to the old, gassy dog. \"The cats are gonna turn us into mouse burgers. You gotta help us now!\" \"Let this sleepin' dog lie, girly,\" Wylie told her as he looked like he was going to fall asleep again. \"Doggone it, I'm dog tired. I'm tired of leadin' a dog's life and fighting like cats and dogs against cats and dogs, and young pups doggin' my trail trying to become top dog. I'm goin' to the dogs in a dog-eat-dog world, kids. I'm so far over the hill, I'm on the bottom of the other side.\" \"So basically, you won't help us.\" Atticus groaned. \"Actually, I think I might be able to help ya.\" Wylie said then as he snored. \"How?\" Fievel asked. \"We only got until sundown tomorrow!\" \"Gotta find me a dog,\" Wylie snored. \"I'll teach him the stuff. I'll make a hero out of him.\" \"Too bad Patch's not here...\" Atticus sighed. \"Cherry, do you think Einstein could help us?\" \"Einie's not really a fighting dog,\" Cherry rubbed her arm. \"He's good for company and help with science experiments, but I don't think he can really fight.\" \"We don't know anymore dogs...\" Fievel pouted, then remembered something he heard before they came way out west. \"But we do know a god!\" \"Let's just hope he doesn't freak out.\" Atticus said. \"Oh, boy, I know where this is going...\" Cherry mumbled, now knowing who they had in mind. They had went back to the Indian camp as Tiger continued to stuff his face and they told him everything. \"Oh, no, I can't,\" Tiger declined to their offer. \"You got the wrong cat. I am a god of eternal peace and cosmic love, my friend. But why argue? I'm here, you're here.\" \"Oh, come on, Tiger.\" Fievel said. \"Besides, we're going to Green River!\" Atticus added in. \"You're going to Green River, I'm gonna stay right here,\" Tiger got comfortable again. \"So, you know, give my regards to everybody.\" \"But what about Miss Kitty?\" Atticus asked. \"Hmm?\" Tiger looked back. Fievel took off his hat and allowed Miss Kitty's perfume to waft into Tiger's face. 'And he'll agree in three... Two... One.' Atticus thought to himself. \"My darling baby bubby-bunka-boo,\" Tiger purred once he thought of Miss Kitty's touch and sweet kisses, then fell to the ground in a begging position. \"You've convinced me! What do I gotta do?\" \"Ah, it ain't nuthin' much...\" Fievel shrugged innocently. \"You just gotta pretend to be a dog!\" \"Yep, that's all you gotta do.\" Atticus said. \"A dog!?\" Tiger jumped back. \"You got it.\" Cherry nodded. \"A dog...\" Tiger was still surprised at that offer. \"Tiger, anyone can be a god, but it takes grit to be a dog!\" Fievel encouraged his best friend. \"It's true.\" Atticus said. \"Come on, let's get going.\" Cherry told the cat.[Chapter 9] They then went to see Wylie Burp again and the sun was slowly coming up. Wylie stood up once they came and after an introduction, he took a look at Tiger. \"So you're the frivolous feline I've got to whip into shape? I've got my work cut out for me.\" \"I don't have to listen to this,\" Tiger scoffed in return. \"I am a god!\" \"Doesn't eat mice.\" Atticus said. Tiger glanced at him for that. \"Fetch, dog.\" Wylie took out a stick and threw it, not going after it like a traditional dog would since he was the one who threw it. \"Moi?\" Tiger smirked poshly. Wylie glared at him, snarling aggressively to make him move. \"You better do it.\" Atticus said. Tiger was frightened of Wylie's 'jaws of death' and walked casually over to collect the bone. Fievel laughed at Tiger's attempt, he found it very silly. Tiger picked up the bone, gave it a small sniff, and handed it over. \"No, no, all wrong.\" Wylie shook his head. \"Should I show Tiger how it's done, sir?\" Atticus asked the dog. Wylie gave Atticus a strange look since he was a mouse. \"Um...\" \"Trust me, Atticus knows a lot about dogs.\" Cherry agreed, knowing where this was going. \"Well... All right,\" Wylie allowed him to, he then took the bone from Tiger's paws and threw it. \"Fetch!\" Atticus started to run off after the bone like dog so he could try to catch it with his mouth. Fievel, Cherry, Wylie, and Tiger watched as Atticus fetched the bone the correct way and bring it back to Wylie the correct way, which surprised Tiger, Wylie, and Fievel. \"Thank you...\" Wylie gave a small smile to Atticus once he took the bone back. \"Ya see how it's done, pussycat?\" \"So what did I do wrong?\" Tiger took the bone then. \"You want me to hold it in my mouth and dribble all over it?\" he then salivated over the bone, mocking how messy dogs could be. \"You wanna act like a dog, you gotta think like a dog 'til you smell like a dog.\" Wylie coached. \"Yeah.\" Atticus nodded. \"No self-respecting dog fetches anything, unless he's good and feels like it,\" Wylie continued, coming behind the cat. \"You wanna intimidate someone, give 'em the la-a-zy eye.\" \"Aw, gee, I'm afraid to ask...\" Tiger got nervous. \"Okay, what's the la-a-zy eye?\" Wylie then turned him around and forced their eyes to meet so he could demonstrate. \"The la-a-zy eye!\" \"Whoa!\" Tiger jumped back, a little scared and surprised from that. \"Yikes.\" Atticus said. Tiger then gave the lazy eye a try for himself. \"That's interesting.\" Atticus said. \"I guess...\" Cherry shrugged, but the eye popping disgusted her slightly. \"Okay, now that is disturbing.\" Atticus said. They moved on to a high height. Cherry remained calm since there was enough space to go around without dropping. \"Now, lemme see you walk.\" Wylie instructed. Tiger tried to walk, which was of course wrong. \"You're wiggling like a French poodle,\" Wylie stopped him. \"Get down on all fours and get a snoot full of Mother Earth.\" \"Yeah.\" Atticus said. \"Yuck! That goes against my grain.\" Tiger shuddered. \"Come on, Tiger, do it for Miss Kitty.\" Atticus said. \"This is going to be harder than I thought.\" Fievel sighed about Tiger's training. \"You have no idea.\" Atticus said. \"Mmm...\" Cherry slowly shut her eyes. \"Time for a training montage.\" \"Yep, seems like that time.\" Atticus said. \"Training montage?\" Fievel asked. \"You'll see.\" Cherry and Atticus told him. \"Um, okay?\" Fievel said, confused. And so Wylie's training to Tiger began. They were now in an abandoned mine shaft and Wylie and Atticus started training Tiger on how to bark like a dog. And where it took a while for him to start barking like a dog. He even started to snarl and put it into better use. Wylie then shook paws with Fievel because of how well this was going for everybody now. \"This is going better than I thought.\" Atticus said. They were then taken to a horse stable and Tiger was now doing warm-ups to exercise himself to take on the cats. 'Wow.' Atticus thought to himself. The sit-ups did not go as well as the pull-ups, but they would improve. Tiger was now running across wooden buckets like tires in the Rocky movie series. After that came lasso training. \"Too bad Applejack's not here, I'm sure she could give him some pointers.\" Cherry spoke up. \"Yeah.\" Atticus nodded. Tiger ended up losing control of the lasso and ended up tying himself up in a ropey mess. This made Fievel laugh however. Tiger was now beating up a cat dummy. \"This is going rather well.\" Fievel said. Tiger even karate chopped the hat off and ran over with a pitchfork, stabbing the dummy and making it fly up with feathers. \"Oh, yes, quite.\" Cherry agreed. Wylie and Fievel shook their heads. That was rather over the top. Tiger was now using a slingshot with great ease and put it away in his new belt like a professional cowboy. 'I think he's almost ready.' Atticus thought to himself. Wylie picked up a newspaper and threw it. Tiger panted like an excited dog and chased after the paper. He caught it in his mouth and then scratched behind his ear with his right hind leg. Fievel still laughed at Tiger acting like a dog, first he's a cat that doesn't chase or eat mice and now he's a cat who acts more like a dog. \"He's almost there, he needs a new look though.\" Cherry suggested. \"Yeah.\" Atticus added. Wylie gave a look to the new and improved Tiger. \"You got a point there, little lady...\" he then moved Tiger's muzzle, stretched out his ears and made them floppy and gave Tiger a collar that read 'Fido' on it. Fievel, Atticus, and Cherry climbed down in front of Tiger and they all gave a salute to Wylie. Wylie saluted them back and now they were ready to take on the cats and foil their mouse burger plan. \"Time to foil an evil cat's plan.\" Atticus said. \"Come.\" Wylie told the young mice. They all trudged out through the sand like true cowboys to make it to the evil cats and stop them. Cherry, Atticus, and Fievel had to take more steps since Wylie and Tiger were much bigger than them and they needed to catch up.[Chapter 10] Miss Kitty was sitting up high with Olivia, Mo, and Tanya while everyone else was crowding. \"Now, pay attention,\" Cat R. Waul called. \"Cats and gentlemice, lend me your ears! It is my distinguished pleasure to invite all of you to share our dinner... Erm, I mean, share our triumph! Today we herald in a momentous new feast... ival. Feastival... Festival. To mark this brilliant and illustrious snack occasion, I will, with these golden scissors, hereby cut the red ribbon!\" The cats and mice applauded to this. \"Did he just say feast before saying festival?\" Mo asked. \"This can't be a charity event.\" Olivia didn't notice that until Mo pointed it out. Cat R. Waul lifted the red ribbon and was about to cut it with his scissors to release the giant mouse trap that would kill all of the mice down below. \"Oh, no, it's a trap!\" Mo gasped. The mice cheered, completely unaware and oblivious to what was going to happen to them. \"Oh, no, stop, STOP!\" Olivia cried before falling onto the top of the deathly mousetrap. \"Olivia!\" Tanya, Miss Kitty, and Mo cried. The ribbon was nearly cut. Olivia saw the trap and curled up into a ball in fear. Tiger shot his slingshot which knocked the scissors out of Cat R. Waul's paws just in time. \"Whew.\" Mo sighed out of relief. \"Cat R. Waul, we've come to close you down.\" Wylie sharply called. \"Okay, chaps, it's become necessary to put these dogs through obedience school,\" Cat R. Waul told his men like a civilized gentleman. \"Kill!\" The cowboy cats then growled and barged over to take down Wylie, Cherry, Atticus, and Tiger. \"Time to beat up some evil cats.\" Atticus said. A cat was on a corner and about to fling his own slingshot down to the good guys. \"Oh, look out behind ya, kid!\" Wylie warned. Tiger then aimed for that cat and shot him down and made him land into a water barrel. \"Bulls-eye!\" Atticus cheered. A cat was now in the air and pouncing on top of Cherry. \"Got one!\" \"Don't touch me...\" Cherry muttered before grabbing the cat by his throat and smacked him against a building wall before climbing to his tail and giving a vicious chomp on it. The cat yelped and jumped in the air in pain and ran away. \"Remind me never to get you angry.\" Atticus said to his best friend. \"I'll try.\" Cherry said as she spit up some fur. Tiger remembered his training as the cats fought back and he had greatly improved. Fievel rushed up to Olivia and held her in his arms like a newlywed bride. \"You okay, Olivia?\" Olivia's eyes sparkled into his. \"U-Uh-huh...\" \"Looks like Fievel has found-\" Atticus was interrupted as a cat looked like it had eaten him. \"Atticus, look out!\" Cherry called. But then the cat then began to feel it's mouth beginning to open up. \"Hello.\" Atticus smirked. \"Um... Hello...\" the cat smiled back, though nervously. \"And goodbye!\" Atticus punched the cat and made it nearly fly up in the air. This surprised all of the cats and mice. \"Oh, my hero.\" Mo swooned slightly. Tiger shot the slingshot ammo against a frying pan and a cowbell which reflected off and hit two other cats. \"Ooh!\" Miss Kitty felt the same way, not recognizing her ex-boyfriend. \"Who's that dog down there with Wylie, Cherry, Atticus, and Fievel? He's got some stuff!\" \"I think that's your ex-boyfriend.\" Mo said. One cat took out a sextuple slingshot which made Tiger feel nervous all of the sudden. The rival cat knocked Tiger's slingshot out of his paw, he then shot it two more times just to show off how more powerful he was compared to his rivals. This made Tiger and Wylie suddenly nervous. The cats then moved in, knowing they were unarmed and decided to get even. Tanya saw something and just realized who was with Tiger and Wylie. \"That's Fievel, Cherry, and Atticus?\" \"It's too tough, kid,\" Wylie advised. \"Get out while you still can.\" Tiger agreed to that. \"Toodle-loo!\" \"Wait! We still have our secret weapon.\" Atticus said while stopping Tiger from leaving. \"What's that?\" Tiger asked. \"Tiger, give 'em the la-a-zy eye!\" Fievel suggested. Tiger remembered that, then took a deep breath with Wylie and they both gave the lazy eye to the enemy cats. And where that started to freak out the enemy cats. The cats backed up slowly before running for the hills. However, a gun was shot and made a gaping hole in Tiger's hat, which caught everybody's attention. \"Morons...\" Cat R. Waul shook his head. \"Trigger the mousetrap!\" \"That is one big mousetrap.\" Atticus said once he saw the size of the trap. \"They're gonna squash the mice!\" Miss Kitty gasped. Mo and Tanya then rushed to help. Olivia saw them coming as she stood next to Fievel, Cherry, and Atticus. \"NOW!\" Cat R. Waul told the genius cat. The cat grinned, about to cut the red ribbon. Mo, Tanya, and Olivia then stepped in and started to sing the Star Spangled Banner on top of the mousetrap to make Cat R. Waul call off the mousetrap plan since he was in love with their singing voices. \"What are they doing?\" Fievel asked. \"STOP!\" Cat R. Waul called to the genius cat. \"You'll crush the divas!\" This made the mice realize they were on a mousetrap and they scattered off together. \"Freeze, you miserable vermin!\" Cat R. Waul growled before trying to shoot at the mice as they ran off. \"Father!\" Olivia rushed to Hiram. \"Olivia!\" Hiram rushed to his daughter. The two shared a quick hug. It didn't last too long because they had to run to avoid Waul's bullets. Wylie hid behind a barrel and then pounded a loose floorboard to fling Fievel in the air and then knocked the gun out of Waul's control and the gun was now spinning with him on the trigger. \"Yeehaw!\" Fievel cheered. Cat R. Waul yelped and tried to run from the gun's shooting hole until he was stuck in front of the mousetrap. \"Uh-Oh.\" the evil cat said with widened eyes. \"Now you freeze, Cat R. Waul!\" Fievel taunted. \"Don't pull it, kid, or you've seen the last of Miss Kitty!\" Chula called as he carried the female gray cat by his webs to hold her up from a rooftop. \"Oh, no, Miss Kitty!\" Mo gasped. \"Get your hands off me!\" Miss Kitty growled. Tiger snarled, growling like a real dog since the lady in his life was in danger. He took a deep breath and started to aggressively bark like a guard dog on an attack. \"Go and rescue your lady, Tiger!\" Atticus cheered. Tiger suddenly become stronger due to his love for Miss Kitty and started to clobber the enemy cats. \"Is this normal?\" Olivia wondered. \"I've never seen this side of Tiger before.\" Fievel told her. \"This is what happens when someone holds the love of your life hostage and threatens to hurt her.\" Atticus said. \"Interesting...\" Olivia smirked. The cats were piling up in front of the gun while Fievel kept his paw on the trigger, but didn't press down just yet. One cat took out a knife and threw it to Tiger, who then caught it in his mouth and shot it right back. The cat caught it through his hat and was now flying back too and ended up on the other side of the cat pile. \"I never taught him that one.\" Wylie smiled proudly. \"He taught himself that.\" Atticus said. Tiger took out more and more cats, remembering his training and help and even finished with a scratch behind his ears before fiercely glaring at the spider. \"You harm one patch of fur on her and I'll tear you apart, one leg at a time!\" he then threatened. Chula shot a web at him. Tiger then grabbed the web and yanked it down, taking Chula down with it. Miss Kitty yelped and clung to the roof so she wouldn't have a nasty fall. Tiger spun Chula's web like a lasso and threw the spider in with the cat pile. Atticus and Cherry brought up two score cards both showing 10. The roof gave out and Miss Kitty shrieked as she fell. Tiger stepped in and carried her in his arms. \"Ooh...\" Miss Kitty gave a charming smile to her hero. \"Let 'em rip, kid!\" Wylie commanded. \"Yes, sir, Mr. Burp, sir!\" Fievel saluted the cowboy dog before aiming the gun and shot at the red ribbon to trigger the mousetrap. \"Bye-Bye.\" Atticus smirked to the evil cats. \"I got plans when Aunt Sarah comes over...\" Mo chuckled darkly. The mousetrap then flung all of the cats in the air which made everybody suddenly look up. The cats then suddenly fell right back down and ended up in a US Mail Bag. Cat R. Waul popped his head out to plot revenge, but the train suddenly zoomed in and he was grabbed by a coddling woman who made him wear baby clothes and she was going to baby him forever and ever and ever. \"That'll be the last we've seen of him.\" Atticus said. \"For now anyway.\" Cherry put her hands on her hips. \"I think that's an appropriate punishment.\" Mo agreed. The train and mail bag had broken the water barrel and released cool, refreshing water for everybody and blooming flowers popped out from the dry and hot ground. The mice happily cheered that they could now live in the Wild West the way they were meant to. Once all was well, Fievel came to his family. \"Well, looks like everything will be just fine from here on.\" Mo smiled. \"I think you need to do something first.\" Atticus pointed to her face. Mo then realized she still had her make-up on and she came to Tanya and Olivia's sides as they were washing their make-up off and thought they were beautiful just the way they were. \"That's better.\" Atticus smiled. \"I'm not into make-up, but thanks.\" Mo smiled bashfully. \"Yeah, same here.\" Olivia agreed. \"Well, sometimes, make-up just blocks the true beauty.\" Atticus said. Mo smiled bashfully to that. Tanya found her father's violin and gave it to him to play. \"Now it's time for music!\" Papa announced before playing a square dance tune. \"Let's celebrate!\" \"Agreed.\" Atticus smiled. Tanya took her brother's paws and started to dance with him. Yasha crawled over and reached up for Mo. Mo smiled to the baby mouse and carried her in her arms. \"Hey, Yasha!\" \"She's going to miss you when we leave.\" Atticus whispered. \"I'm sorry, kiddo, but I have to go back where I belong...\" Mo said softly to the baby mouse. \"I'll miss you a lot too, take very good care of yourself...\" Yasha frowned, she may had been an infant, but she could understand what Mo was saying to her. She gave Mo a hug and sniffled. \"I know,\" Mo soothed, gently petting the back of her head. \"I know...\" \"By the way, how are we getting back home?\" Cherry asked. Mo came to Mama and handed Baby Yasha over to her. \"You guys can't leave.\" Fievel frowned, he was now wearing his own sheriff's badge that Wylie gave to him as a reward. \"We'll be back someday.\" Atticus assured him. \"Okay..\" Fievel said softly. Cherry, Atticus, and Mo walked another way as the mice celebrated their victory against the cats once more. \"It'll be okay, Fievel.\" Olivia soothed the mouse boy. They then saw Cherry, Atticus, and Mo suddenly disappear. Fievel looked over, he rubbed his eyes in confusion and saw that his new friends had suddenly and somehow vanished. \"Just remember, Fievel,\" Wylie advised as they watched the sunset. \"One man's sunset is another man's dawn. I don't know what's out there beyond those hills, but if you ride yonder, head up, eyes steady, heart open, I think one day you'll find that you're the hero you've been lookin' for.\" This made Fievel smile when he heard his hero say that. The young mouse and old dog then watched the sunset together as Fievel turned his hat back to the way it was before. Suddenly, Cherry, Atticus, and Mo woke up on Cherry's living room couch as the movie credits rolled. \"Are we all human again?\" Mo asked. Atticus looked to see his hands. \"Looks like it...\" \" We are human again, finally human again~... \" Cherry lazily sang. \"Why the random singing?\" Mo asked. \"Why not?\" Cherry retorted before she went to take the movie out of the DVD Player. \"Good point.\" Atticus said. \"I wonder what that was all about?\" Mo mumbled, rubbing her eyes. \"Just watching a movie and getting sucked in? My life sure has changed since I met you guys.\" \"Well, get used to it because a lot more will happen.\" Atticus said. \"Oh, boy, wonder what the next adventure will be?\" Mo wondered. \"Who can say, really?\" Cherry rhetorically asked before turning off the TV so they could all get some sleep. The End ","Summary":" A/N: Based on an RP in early September. Read & Review! It was just another weekend, Atticus decided"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"Reflections of Glass","Author":"ebell1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13065348","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Taking over a story Written by Hiddenstranger u/704835/hidden-stranger Original can be found here s/5378507/1/In-the-reflection-of-the-glass I did ask for permission but the original story was done in 2009 and the last time the author shows active is 2012 so I'm going to give it a go as the author did offer anyone to pick up what they started. The first two chapters are the previous authors. If I make changes I will mark with an * chapter 3 will be the beginning of my work. I hope the original author comes back and enjoys as well as all my other readers. Chapter 1 - Original In the recent days that passed, she'd noticed him. She'd gone through her daily routine of helping her mother and father, keeping her eccentric brother Fievel out of the mischief he'd always find himself running into, even in the middle of nowhere. The town of Green River had actually grown, with its founding of free water, new businesses flourished and families grew, spreading and connecting the private town with others across the state. Some strays had wandered in, claiming their innocence, or even their showing their declawed paws to the town officials Tiger and Whily Burp. Having heard all the stories of the newly elected security in Green River, no one felt a need to cause any scene by trying anything with the mice that ran the city. They were willing to mind their own business and stay far enough away, all they wanted was shelter.* Plus with the growing population food from the bottom of the food chain to the top was much more plentiful than it had been. She'd seen him, though, she was dead sure of it. While heading back to her newly fashioned family home, looking at her face in the mirror, a reflection shown not only her own face, but that of one she remembered all too well. He'd tried to hide it, throwing his attention to everything else around him, but she saw how he'd snuck a glance at her turned back, his eyes zoning in on the one he'd met before. His monocle intensifying his left eye as he left his gaze on her before turning and heading off. She'd thought he'd been chased off weeks ago, why would he come back, surely he knew he couldn't do anything now? No one would ever listen to him again after attempting to make the entire town into a giant sandwich for he and his feline friends would they? Why did he keep stopping to take a look her way? Over time she had convinced herself...with the help of several others that he hadn't cared about her, no matter the fact he had tried to save her from the trap, and had nearly flattened himself doing it. All he had wanted was the power of her voice to bring more glory to his empire. That was much easier to believe then that he had actually cared about her in any other way. Still sometimes she wondered watching Fieval and Tiger playing their silly games and going off to be together as friends that she wondered if he might have...in time...become her friend. Certainly he had brought out the Diva in her. She had met noone else who seemed interested in her singing and that made her sad. Even the saloon had replaced her with singing dancing cats who were beautiful like Mrs. Kitty and their acrobats with their skirts flying up to reveal beautiful garters eclipsed one small mouse with her dreams of being on stage. She wouldn't work for the new owner though because she found the songs they sung to be...well kind of vulgar. They made her blush and even if her momma hadn't forbidden her to get involved in such antics she wouldn't have been able to utter a single line without embarrassment sending her off the stage. It was these thoughts that helped her make a decision. While she knew she needed to stay home and tend to the family, she also needed these questions about Waul answered.* Telling her mother she would be out for a walk, she headed off in the direction the red caped one had gone in. She hoped that she could get away with observing him from a distance to try to figure out exactly what he was up to. An hour outside of the city, she'd followed his tracks, they weren't easy to copy, half a cat paw print, a flat rectangle in the middle from his foot cuff links. She was entering a darker area on the deserted lonely road with the roofs of a dead town in the distance when she heard footsteps behind her. She stopped and turned expecting to see the feline who'd brought her family here in this desert in the first place, but found herself facing an unfamiliar grey cat foot that led up to a menacing looking feline face. It said nothing but licked its lips and grabbed the Mousekewitz daughter before she could move. She was so frightened she wasn't even able to scream. *God how could she have been so stupid. She hadn't gotten so used to the cats in her town she had forgotten that not all cats had changed their instinct to eat mice. She squeezed her eyes shut and cringed. Pulling her up to it's eye level, the cat hissed and opened its mouth to plunge her inside its jowls, but it stopped suddenly. Tanya opened her eyes to see the cat's mouth still ajar, his paw holding her stopped in its tracks. She was staring down his nasty red throat which was seemed to be spasming as the the feline gulped in dismay. She was then suddenly blinded by the gleam of the evening sun off the side of a large blade resting against the throat of her captor. A British voice sounded from behind him.; \"I believe its in your best interests if you see to put her down my good fellow.\" The cat did as it was told, laying the mouse back onto the cooling sand. She looked up to watch the red clad feline crack the grey furred one on the back of the head with the spine of the knife he held. Tayna ran out of the way as the unconscious body fell her way. After it landed, she looked up to see the very cat she'd met previously. He looked at her and then slid his knife back into it's sheath his knife on the right side of his vest. Backing up she began to feel very dizzy the utter shock and fear of almost meeting her death catching up to her until she was unable to stand or see straight anymore. Giving into fainting, she dropped onto the sand, leaving herself victim to the most manipulative and vicious of felines. A few hours later, Tonya awoke to find herself in a house.* It couldn't have belonged to anyone in Green River. This was one of those big fancy ranch houses. She appeared to be in a study that had a small baby grand piano, a music stand with a few instrument cases next to it and the walls and ceiling had a beautiful murals of flowers and cherubs. All the furniture was big and very Victorian. Tanya blushed knowing her mother would have been properly horrified at Tanya sitting on one the fancy chairs of one of their ' betters ' as she referred to them covered in dust. She looked around noting the gorgeous carpet, the fireplace, several book shelves filled with all kinds of books from opera to philosophy. Looking to her left, she noticed who she assumed to be the owner of the house himself, Cat R Waul. The malicious genius cat, who conned several hundred mice into almost becoming he and his friend's dinner. At the moment he was busy entertaining himself with a nap. She looked at him, for such an upright and dignified cat, he slept quite funny. She found her hands coming up to cover her mouth so she didn't laugh out loud. She had a feeling this was not a pose he would ever want someone to catch him in. His back was against the cushioned chair, his head tilted back, mouth agape, allowing a small snore to escape his fanged mouth. His monocle lay on his right leg, both arms resting in his lap underneath the cape that covered him like a blanket. Tayna looked for an exit, a door, a window, a crack in the wall perhaps? Nothing the house was new enough or at least maintained well enough that it didn't have any easy looking access to the outside. Then she turned back to the sleeping kitty. He hadn't eaten her, he'd brought her to his home...but why? The aggravating curiosity she held within her forced her to not leave just yet, before getting some information. If he'd been able to keep from eating her when she was helpless, he might not have that on his mind at all. Climbing up his chair and up the cat's vest and onto his shoulder, she took in a deep breath before speaking. \"Cat? Cat R Waul?\" Her answer was a loud snore, for as proper as this feline portrayed himself, his sleeping manners were another issue entirely. She sighed and pulled lightly on a whisker that drooped by her. Wrinkling his nose slightly and shaking his head as he awoke, the cat stretched open his eyelids and yawned fairly loudly, exposing all his sharp and menacing teeth that hid behind his dashing muzzle. Tanya slid down his cape onto his lap, standing atop his left leg. She managed to catch herself digging her paws into his fur to keep from simply sliding to the floor. Cat reached down and picked his monocle and placed it in his left eye. \"Cat R Waul.\" She said as she stared up at him. His outfit seemed to have remained the same, although he had a few holes in his cape, and a small slash in his vest on his right side. She found herself thinking how easily that could be fixed than mentally shook herself. She was here to learn information not become his maid. He smiled down at her softly. \"Well it shows you haven't forgotten me either my diva.\" He said calmly, letting his British heritage rein through in his voice. Tanya looked around her eyes narrowing slightly as she stood before the cat. \"Why am I here? You're supposed to be gone for good!\" She said, suddenly getting a bit mad. How could he even have the audacity to show his whiskers anywhere near Green River again? He blew out a soft bit of air through his nose as his eyes focused in on her, she stood waiting for a reply. \"Well my young dear, I may not be exactly welcome in your newly found homestead all the longer, but there's no reason I shouldn't pop in every now and again to see if everything is working out for you all. Ya'all...yaw'llll however it's said.\" She looked right back into his face, her eyes narrowed. \"Thats a lie Waul! What do you want? What did you save me for anyway?\" He then looked back at her and then smirked, \"Oh because you had everything under control it looked like, stuck in the claws of despair, quite literally I might add. If anyone is going to eat you my dear it should be me since your family caused me no end to trouble.\" \"You're not answering my question, why do you keep coming back into town? Don't think I don't see you, watching me, you keep trying to be invisible but I always see you.\" She said. He looked at her with a slight amusement on his face for a minute, a silence fell between them. Tanya blushed not used to such direct attention. She forced herself to watch the reflections of the fire dance on the fur of Waul's face, shining through the glass in his eye. Suddenly he spoke. \"To answer your question Dear Mousekewitz, I couldn't help but...check up on you and see that you were still alright.\" He said, ending the sentence in a slightly embarrassed tone. He hadn't really wanted her to know this, he'd known she would have to find out eventually anyway though. She looked back at him with a puzzled look on her face. \"Check up on me? Last time I checked, you were about to eat my whole family if it hadn't been for my brother and Tiger. I can't say I really believe you were just there with good intentions.\" She walked off his leg and hopped up on the armrest of the chair, he shifted himself to face her. \"Dear Tanya, what do you want, for me to apologize? To say I didn't mean to cause harm to any of you mice? I believe I've lied to you enough as of now so if thats what you wished to hear, then you are in for a rude awakening.\" She raised and eyebrow as she glared at the fancy dressed cat continue. \"I was in your town earlier because you are something special to me. Your voice particularly, I came by earlier to see if I would be able to catch you when you were singing again. However I never seem to have any luck.\" He said, raising both paws together and drumming his fingers slowly. Tayna wasn't really sure what to respond with, so he wanted nothing but her voice in his ears? The feline spoke with an honest tone and sincere look on his face, better than the one's used to guide the mice to his town of proposed execution. He propped his left foot up on his right knee and spoke again. \" To answer the swarm of doubts filling your mind, if my intentions had been anything short of what I'm telling you now, do you honestly think you would be standing here dear Tanya?\" He extended out a paw for her to walk onto, he stood for a moment and then guided her onto the leathery pads of his paw, watching the sheathed claws in each of the four furry digits on his hand. He pulled her closer to his face very slowly. She huffed out a sigh of air, as she turned away from the cat. \"You've done alot to me...for me also, I never had an audience to be in front of, you gave that to me. But what could you have expected to happen if you'd gotten everything you wanted? My family would be dead, I'd be all alone, do you really think I'd forgive you for that?\" He stared into her face, thoughts flying into his head. 'Yea, exactly what would have been your next course of action you great buffoon? You wouldn't of really been able to just tell her sorry for devouring your loved ones but I was hungry and I saved you at least? Ugh bloody idiot!' He flinched slightly as his own mind cursed him. returning his attention to the Mousekewitz daughter, he sighed. \"I suppose its pretty obvious I hadn't exactly realized the collateral damage that was going to entail. In the end true, I would have felt...guilty if you must for what would of happened?\" He stated to the mouse in his paw, pondering what her reaction would be. She took his glanced around. \" I haven't been singing...you've been wasting your time.\" She absently petted his pointer finger . He ran the other gently down her back as she stared at his padded digit. Suddenly a question raised in her mind, how was he eating? There was no news about town of missing neighbors and he looked to be in fine shape, where was he getting food from? Turning around, she looked up into his eyes as she asked him. \" Its been a while since you've been in town, how've you been getting by without mice?\" \"Hmm, a very good question my dear, I have actually found these wretched humans to create rather satisfying fish meals, the one tolerable thing they do right. I play my part well enough for them and I'm fed, when I can't do that I engage in a meal of well...hoppity nature when they've strayed to close to my home. Chula is a rather good cook if I do say so myself.\" He said. Tanya thought for a minute,\" So the humans have you as a pet?\" For a moment she saw him sneer and glare darkly at the idea, or rather the fact of him being owned by those he despised so. Finally letting his patience take control he answered in a slight growl. \"Yes...I am a pet!\" He sighed disgusted \" Its nothing more disgusting and utterly repulsive than to be considered a play thing for a pink shiny, annoying human.\" He spat out, wanting that part of their chat to be done with. Both of them turned and watched the fire as it gently continued to burn slowly in flickering silence. \"Waul...what am I doing here? You haven't told me yet.\" The mouse asked, wanting to get back home soon and back to her family. Cat R Waul studied the flames for a sec, should he tell her? Would she refuse? \"I brought you here Mouskewitz, to offer you a deal, I told you before, I wanted to hear your voice in its magic, singing so heres what I want. If you are willing once every few weeks to come to my homestead and preform for me, I am willing to bring supplies to you and your family, but noone else, I don't wish to have carry out favors to an entire town since I wanted them on my plate anyway. Do you accept my dear?\" Tanya thought for a moment, her father was in constant need of new bits of wood and string for his violins, her mother, needed cloth for sewing, the baby of the family Kasha needed toys. Would he keep his word about this though? Why should she trust him to be around her family now when he almost murdered them a few weeks ago. There was only one way to find out, and besides if things in deep, Tiger and the sheriff would help save the day as always. She looked back at Cat R Waul and then stepped over to his muzzle and gave a soft kiss. Cat suddenly looked back at her in surprise, while feeling a purr crawling up his throat. Why had she done that? ...Did I just kiss him? What is wrong with me? I just kissed Cat R Waul...I've lost my mind. Tonya blushed and stared at her hands. Suddenly a whole bunch of questions filled her mind. Questions she had never thought to ask before. Why did he love her singing when most of the other cats had merely liked it? Had he ever heard a real opera? Where was he from exactly and had he ever seen ballet? Had he seen a real live theater? All things Tonya as poor as her family was had never been able to see and she had noone to talk to about such things, The feline himself as at a loss for words himself momentarily, he reached up and felt his cheek for a sec, staring off into the house, unsure of what to do. He sat her down on the armrest where she was more or less eye level to him. He pulled slightly at his shirt to loosen his neck up a bit, untying the string and opening up his collar and then retying it. Taking off his hat he looked at the mouse for a second before taking her tiny paw and kissing her hand the best he could. Her lack of size wasn't exactly helpful when your a cat giving a kiss to a mouse, it wasn't a very common problem that he knew of, but oh well, nothing was ever easy. Tanya had now become somewhat intoxicated by his gentlemanly manners making her suddenly feel a lady again. She cautiously gave in to curiosity and ran a paw up and down his furry cheek, drawing her dainty fingers along his whiskers He responded with a loud purr as he took a claw out and softly ran it over her head and down the back of her neck. She smiled up into his warm green eyes suddenly realizing that not many felines she had seen had such emerald colored eyes. \" I could visit every now and again, if you keep your end of the bargain.\" She said as she began scratching the underside of his chin, sending out a deep purr from inside the capped feline. \"Oh I think you can count on that my dear.\" He said, giving her another peck on the hand. Looking out the window he noticed it was beginning to get very dark outside. \"Ah, sorry to cut our evening short my diva, but I think its time we got you home safe.\" He said with a smile. Cupping her in his paws and setting his top hat upon his head, he led them out of his house and into town. About an hour later, they arrived in front of the Mousehewitz homestead. Mother Mousehewtiz immediately opened the door and ran out as she saw her daughter in the felines paws. \"Tanya! My baby! Put her down right this instant!\" She yelled at the cat who complied, allowing the girl to run to her mother and calm her down. Looking to the mother, he spoke. \"I'll trust your daughter to fill you in on the details of our arrangement we've set up, in the mean time, I am going to need a list of what you're out of if you don't mind.\" He said, pulling a pen and paper from inside his vest. Momma Mousehewitz was confused, Tanya began filling her in on what they'd agreed upon, she knew he could get what they needed, and it seemed it was worth a try. The mother nodded in understanding before looking back up at the cat and started listing off what they would need for the coming weeks. He scratched everything down and tucked the note pad and pen back into his vest. \"Alright, well most of this shouldn't be too difficult to acquire, as for now I'll bid you all goodnight and I will be seeing you my dear in a few.\" He said to Tanya, tipping his hat to her before turning away and walking off before he was spotted. Tanya watched him disappear into the night and then went inside with her mother to get into bed. Everyone was talking excitedly about this development. As the family drifted off into sleep, Tanya stared off into the moonlit sky outside their window, she would meet with Waul again, and to be honest, she couldn't wait. She had meant what she had said. She hadn't sung in a long time even when the urge filled her with a burning light. The need to sing and having no audience after she had tasted the life of a diva had left her floundering. Maybe this was what she needed to find her voice again.[Chapter 2] He was fast to his word, she gave him that, within a few days, a visitor had returned to the Mousekewitz homestead. He had to come in the late evenings when he knew activity was going to be low and there wouldn't be many eyes on him as he entered Green River. Pulling a red wagon alongside himself, Cat R Waul made his way into the town, occasionally having to stop and slide up against a wall as he'd notice incomers every now and again. He pulled up to the house and tapped lightly on the door with one furry claw. Mama Mousekewitz opened the door and walked out. The feline stood patiently as she looked over the items and rechecked her list, it was somewhat crucial to have some of the items and she was always a precarious one. He kneeled down and began pulling this and that out setting the larger groceries and such alongside the house when they wouldn't fit through the doorway. The mother finished emptying out the cart and looked up to the monocled cat and gave an appreciative smile. She knew he didn't have to do this and she understood the risks he was taking by doing it so the least she could be for the feline was a bit grateful. If it was one thing Russia had taught her growing up, if you treat others kindly, they will do the same for you. Cat smiled back down at her and gave her a curt bow and turned to make his way out and depart. Looking in the window he saw Tanya looking at him, a grin on her face. He smirked and nodded to her as he continued on back to his homestead. \" Wait! Oh Waul a moment!?\" Waul turned to frown at Mamma Mousekewitz. He hoped she wasn't going to invite him to dinner. He had a feeling they wouldn't be eating anything he could palate. \" That cape. Take it off and leave it. I darn it for you. For your kindness.\" Waul frowned and glanced at his cape noticing for the first time that it was somewhat tattered and his vest was ripped. \" Well bollocks.\" He muttered then quickly took his cape off to cover his course language and folded it the best he could to set it down. \" My thanks my lady.\" He bowed briefly over Mamma Mousekewitz's hand. She nodded to him giving him a rather fine courtesy before turning back to getting her things in order. It took about an hour and a half to get back to his house walking. He didn't really mind, the exercise was good for him and it wasn't all that cold out anyway. Entering his house he light a few of the candles on the chandler in his living room and sat down in his favorite armchair. He didn't expect his humans back for another day or so which meant he was able to fully enjoy the opalancy of the house. With a cat door for his use he had no problems eating. Taking off his hat and rubbing the fur on his head he blew out a breath of air and sat in silence for a moment. He stared out the window at the darkened valley, many thoughts running through his mind. This is the time to find whether she truly keeps her promise, but why would she break it? what does the rest of the family think of this? He mulled the questions over and over in his head until he found himself getting quite tuckered out. Standing from his chair he walked over to his bed and began taking off his outfit. While a very dressy one himself, he never believed in wearing clothes to bed, that was just silly. Getting settled in, the debonair feline closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep. * *************************************************************** Tanya worked all day to help her parents get the store set up. Fieval had run off to tell Tiger about Cat. Thankfully Whiley had merely told him to keep a sharp lookout for trouble but that was all. She began thinking off songs she could sing to him. She wondered if he might like a Russian lullaby her mother had taught her. A shadow fell over her and she stood up and turned around. She nearly groaned. A large heavy set mouse grinned at her exposing some missing teeth. \" Why Mrs. Tanya! Yer as beautiful as a flower in the spring rain!\" He shoved a handful of drooping weeds at her. Tanya took them and smiled at him strained. \" Thank you Mr. West .\" \" Now now girl, told ya I don't stand on no formalities here just West will do ya. How bout we mosey over to the saloon there and I get ya a nice cool drink?\" \" Mr West! How nice of you to come by.\" Mamma smiled at him her eyes sharp. She didn't like him though she couldn't put a finger on why. \" Tanya very busy here sir we hope to be opening soon.\" West took his cowboy hat off \" Surely your daughter can break away for an hour? I won't brook no for an answer!\" Suddenly Tanya found her hand locked around West's arm \" C'mon girl let's take a walk round the town then if I can I'll help ya out some with some of that heavy lookin uh...\" He glanced back \" Pile.\" Tanya swallowed knowing she needed to be nice. It wouldn't do to anger this mouse. He was the owner and voted mayor of Green River. He had the power to make their lives very difficult if he wanted to. It was near bed time by the time he returned her. She ignored her mother and father and crept up to her bed. She climbed in and sighed a tear tracing her cheek. West had done a well and good job of painting a bleak picture of her future. She was no longer a child. One day her family would be gone. If she didn't marry and have some babies of her own, why she might wind up all alone. Tanya gritted her teeth. She had tried to talk about her desire to travel to be on stage and he had talked right over her bragging about how many women wanted to marry him. How rich he was how he could help her family if they married. Then to make it worse three other cowpokes had suddenly stepped in to offer her flowers. All three of them started boasting...well pretty much the same thing and had even decided to play a hand of cards to decide who could court Tanya. She had slipped away easily once that started they hadn't really cared. To them she was just a woman. That was it. Tanya punched her pillow angrily. She was not just a woman! She had dreams and she was going to work on making them come true. Still she couldn't leave her family. Feeling lower than she had in a long time she silently cried herself to sleep. Several hours later The Mousekewitz daughter creaked open the cat door, slipping past the loose boards and into the large living room. She looked around the room a bit, noticing several different paintings with beautiful gold frames and books in shelves on the walls. She continued into the master bedroom where she heard a familiar snore protrude from the blankets of the bed. Shimming up the bedpost, she made her way onto the covers as seeing a large lump in the middle of the bed. Grinning, she snuck her way under the covers and sheets and journeyed forward towards the dozing cat. It was immensely warm inside the bed, almost oven like as she crawled slowly up Waul's leg, up his thigh and around his groin carefully, falling over at this point in time would possibly be the worst way to wake a person in the morning. She climbed up over his stomach and up onto his chest. His whole body seemed twisted almost in the shape of a C and she wasn't sure how he could be at all comfortable but the snoring told her he was indeed enjoying his rest. Taking a paw, she began scratching underneath the cat's chin vigorously to wake him up. A loud purring began as the cat came to, slowly opening his green eyes and focused in on her. \"Ah, someone has arrived a bit earlier than expected.\" He said, taking a peek from the covers to the window, checking whether the sun had even risen yet or not. Tanya rolled her eyes and laughed. \"Its the middle of the day Cat.\" she said. He smirked and rubbed his eyes with his furry paws. \"That being so, you could have at least waited for me to be dressed.\" He said rather humorously entertained, bringing out a claw to stroke the mouse's hair gently. Tanya managed to keep from blushing all too much as he petted her. Cat R Waul shook his head to wake up and then ripped the covers off, allowing the full set of daylight to blind him. Groaning he cracked his neck and sat up and hopped off the bed, his tail lazily dragging off the mattress. Tanya was forced to hang onto the still warm sheet with all the bouncing. \"So what was the plan for today my dear?\" He asked as he put on his white shirt, the pink/red vest over top of it and then his newly fixed cape. Tayna stood up on his knee as he worked on his foot cuff links. She handed him his monocle from the bedside table and watched him place it in his eye and hook up the delicate chain. \"Well I think first we should have something to eat, I'm hungry.\" He nodded in agreement, taking her in his paw like carrying a wineglass, the two made their way out of the bedroom and into the kitchen. He set Tanya on the counter and then went to work with some sandwich ingredients. He took a knife and cut a fraction out of his sandwich for the mouse. He brought both servings around onto the same plate and sat with her at the table. Tanya took a nibble of the food before looking up at Cat again. \"Um..Waul, what is this?\" He looked at her out of the corner of his eye,raising his pointer claw, he swallowed. \"Oh right...that would be rabbit. I take it your not familiar with the taste?\" He said in an awkward voice. She shook her head, still munching on the bread and lettuce, but pushing the meat away. He picked up the untouched meat and swallowed it dramatically. Tanya shook her head at his antics and continued eating. After finishing lunch the duo headed over to Cat's piano in the living room. He sat atop the bench and set her on the top of it as he began playing a few slow rhythmic notes, allowing her time to prepare her voice. \" So...what am I going to be graced with today? \" Oh it's a Russian lullaby my mom taught me. Is that ok? \" She looked a bit anxious. Waul gave a smile and waved his hand. \" That sounds jolly good, my dear jolly good indeed, please enrapture me with those beautiful pipes.\" As she released her voice into the world, the monocole'd cat found himself entranced in her voice. Her melodic changes in tone caused his lip to quiver and a gentle tear spring from his eye as he took in her musical talent. He found himself leaning lazily onto his arm resting n top of the pillow feeling lost in a dream as his ears stayed perked to catch every single note. She finished off with a drawn out note, drawing a large smile onto the cat's face. \"That was what I've been waiting so very long for.\" said to her, giving her a small kiss on the cheek. She took her paws and pulled him by his whiskers softly back in to return the kiss, his furry face tickling her nose and cheeks. He brought out a rumbling purr, his mouth parting ever so slightly to allow the sound to a pleased feline be heard. She snuggled her face into his furry cheek, running her paws up and down his face. She broke away finally and looked up at him. \"I'm glad my favorite audience could enjoy it.\" \" Now if you'll allow me...\" He ran his fingers along the keys of the piano. \"Have you a classical favorite my dear? \" Tanya sat down eagerly. \" Chopin! \" \" Oh!\" Waul pressed his paws to his heart \" Chopin! Brilliant! Do forgive me I am no where as good as such masters but I like to think I'm adequate.\" He plowed into Chopin's Nocturne and Tanya found herself sitting back entranced. It was beautiful and elegant at the same time nothing like what she had to listen to from the saloon. They were so engaged in the beauty of the music they didn't notice a pair of yellow feline eyes peering at them behind the window. This feline was was truly frightening as he was a desert cougar. He curled his lips up baring teeth almost longer than Wauls hands. His snarl was so low those inside didn't hear him but it was full of fury all the same. \" Why that uppity bastard! That's why we lost the town and the mice! That's why my half brother was banished!\" His soft snarl faded away as he slowly stepped back from the window and turned to walk away his tail twitching in anger.[Chapter 3] The cats gathered in the cave were restless. That stopped when the sound of a match striking a rock brought their attention to a Desert Lynx lighting up a cigar. He wore a blue unbuttoned slicker and two six shooters strapped to his lean hard frame. Unlike the domesticated cats he was larger a more bestial looking as befitting his nature. His coat was a sandy brown lighter than Waul's and the tip of his ears were graced with tufts of black fur. His fangs hung over his lip giving him a slightly vampiric look. His eyes were as bright and yellow as the sun and even in the shade of the cave they gleamed with cold hard ruthlessness. He lounged back in a chair blowing out the smoke letting a black tipped paw rest carelessly over the side of the large chair he sat in. When he spoke his voice and purr were so deep they seemed to come from the very bowls of Hell. \" Let me be sure I understand this fiasco.\" He drawled. He waved a paw and suddenly some small desert rats ran around and began lighting some of the oil lamps hanging around the cave. \" You were following this immigrant...a...a...\" He motioned with one finger at a large black rat that had appeared at his shoulder. The rat was sneering at the trembling cats. He also wore guns and there was a white cowboy hat on his head. His own slicker was blood red as was his eyes. \" Cat R. Waul. \" \" Cat R. Waul...an immigrant...a British immigrant at that who had you chase the mice to the sewers of the city, give them fake tickets to bring them out west, and had them building a...what was it again? \" \" A better mousetrap.\" The grinning rat said. His red eyes gleamed with malice. \" Then low and behold that dog...\" \" Wylie Burp.\" The rat volunteered. \" Yes came out of retirement, stood down an entire gang of cats with another cat and the trap was not sprung because this arrogant British immigrant...\" \" Waul.\" \" Yes had a what did you call it again Gray? \" He pinned the one eyed gray cat who was cowering in front of the chair. \" Uh was in love with one mouse? \" The Lynx and the rat exchanged looks and than began to snicker. The other cats began to laugh. \" Love? Oh be still my beating heart!\" The black rat picked up his mug and leaned on the chair. \" I'd have to see it to believe it. A mouse and a cat? What a disgusting thought I mean..what would their kids look like? \" He laughed unpleasantly again and drained his glass. The Lynx suddenly brought his fist down and all was instantly silent and still. He looked at the only other lynx in the crew, his younger his brother. The smaller lynx took a sip of beer and shook his head \" It's true Clay. Seen it with my own eyes.\" The large lynx named Clay raised an elegant brow \" Brother as much as you're in your cups I would not trust your eyes too well however I do believe the fault of loosing the grip on the town before I could get there lies in the this Cat R. Waul as well as those mice...and...\" He suddenly stood up and shot down the gray cat with one eye. \" Weak felines who cant follow simple orders. When you came out here and needed to find the town where you would have water and food I left a simple order did I not Jonathan? \" The smaller Lynx nodded \" Ya did Clay they were to hold the town till you came back with the rest of the gang and whoever didn't want to join you was to eat dirt.\" \" Very good Jonathan obviously your brain isn't so pickled it cant be relied on occasionally. \" Clay stood up the black rat hopping on his shoulder glaring at the cats with his red gleaming eyes and sneering at them showing broken teeth. \" The rest of you were supposed to meet me at the Potax river to pick over the spoils of a stage coach robbery. Between that and the wagon train we had plenty of mice, chicken, fish, and various morsels. We could have had more but I was missing men. Why was I missing men?\" Suddenly he whirled around his ears looking like horns as he roared at them \" BECAUSE THEY WERE BUILDING A BETTER MOUSETRAP! WITH A TWICE DAMNED UPPITY IMMIGRANT!\" The cats all cringed together fur sticking every which way in fear. They didn't relax until Clay settled back down into his chair a fresh mug of beer in his hand. \" Tar my little friend...\" Clay held his paw out his claws barely sheathed but the large black rat eagerly hopped on anyway waiting. \" I want you to do a little errand for me. Get to know this mouse Waul is so fond of. While your at it get as much information on the town as you think will be helpful. It's going to be much harder now to take over with so many blasted humans running around and the new economy booming. It might be prudent to bring a few others perhaps make a family settlement.\" The black rat named Tar sat up and saluted with his small mug \" You got it Clay...when do you want me to report to ya? \" Clay stroked his chin briefly. \" A week. I can decide what to do from there. I daresay our supplies should last a while..in the meantime I do believe I should pay this Waul a visit and test his mettle.\" A rather evil grin came over his face. \" Little brother why don't you tell me the trail this British imposter is using? I might decide to...run into him.\" Jonathan grinned \" Oh oh can I go?! can I go!?\" Clay smiled indulgently at him. \" Of course...you and the boys are welcome to tag along...just don't get in my way or someone other then Waul might get...hurt.\" \" Here here!\" Jonathan cheered \" We're gettin our town back!\" The other cats joined him while Clay shook his head. Tar came back from filling his own mug up. \" Problems boss? \" \" A little too optimistic.\" Clay said sipping his brew watching the cats celebrate. \" Maybe you should shoot a few of the scrawny ones.\" Tar suggested. Clay shrugged almost knocking Tar off. \" No if their is a problem...we'll take care of them one way or another.\" His gold eyes strayed to a stack of boxes next to the wall. Stamped on each one were the words TNT. He began to purr which came out like a menacing growl and Tar laughed a squeaky laugh. Meanwhile the rest of the cats cheered and drank, practiced shooting bottles, and set up card games.[Chapter 4] Tanya sat on Waul's hand laughing at his stories. He had taken her to the roof to watch the sun go down. \" Ugh it was disgusting...there I was surrounded by 3 London alley dogs. I was sure I was a goner! Just as they where about to pounce this very large London night lady in the brothel next to me opened her window and dumped a HUGE chamber pot over their heads.\" Waul made a disgusted face. \" It is so hideous the way these humans live I mean really! But I did not stick around I took to the roofs and lived to fight another day! \" He smiled at Tanya who clapped. Tanya smiled back at him sadly \" When we lived in Russia sometimes it would flood and we'd have to leave everything because the sewage would rise up. Of course once it went down a lot of times the cats would come through and take whoever hadn't been able to make it. The only ones safe were the rich ones. They just paid the cats off.\" Waul nodded \" It was the same in London my dear. The rich were far removed from the poor and your status was defined by your breeding.\" Tanya looked up excited \" Were you born in London Waul?! Oh I would love to know what it was like to go to balls an theaters and see a live opera. I saw pamphlets on them sometimes sitting in the trash...it looked so beautiful...\" She trailed off at the the look on Waul's face. Waul coughed into one head and glanced around \" You know it's getting late...I really should take you home...\" Tanya grabbed his pointer finger and hugged it. She peeked at him stroking his finger \" I'm sorry If I've upset you...I just...I don't know...I want to talk to you and hear about you and I mean...I want to know everything about you that isn't full of you eating mice.\" This time Waul chuckled more warmly \" Alas that may not e much of a story, but to answer your question...I wasn't born in England...I was bred.\" He sat her down and rested his elbows on his knees staring rather moodily out at the darkening afternoon. Tanya frowned. \" Bred? I'm afraid I don't understand...\" Waul glanced at her and smiled rather bitterly \" Yes well...I think it only applies to cats and dogs, you see humans are fickle creatures. You've noticed there are different kinds of cats yes? \" She nodded. He leaned forward resting his chin on his arms looking a bit sad and irritated at the same time. \" Humans want their ..their pets!...to have certain qualities...qualities that come from good breeding. Good breeding means the cat...or dog is worth more money and has qualities to attract wealthy masters. They are born with pure and noble blood and come from a long line of bred felines. A pair of cats are bred with the expectation that their kittens will look the same or be of the same breed. Does that make sense?\" Tanya nodded thoughtfully \" Yes we saw a little dog once on a leash...it was so small...Mamma said it was special kind of dog and only got to be around other small dogs like it so it didn't get big and we wouldn't see one out in the wild because it was so special it was well taken care of.\" \" Yes! Exactly!\" Waul said sitting up nodded his head \" It was bred to be a breed of small dog.\" Tanya looked at him a little awed \" So you were bred? You have noble pure blood? \" Again that sour look came to Waul's face. \" Yes I was and yes I do. \" Tanya frowned \" Something bad happened didn't it? \" Waul sighed and glanced around. He really REALLY hated talking about this. He cleared his throat. \" I had no spots or stripes.\" He said simply. He glanced at Tanya who was frowning confused. \" I was the runt of the litter. Not only that I had no markings. My sister was quite lovely. Long hair with perfect stripes and my brother was blessed with many colors. They were sold to a Duke and got to visit the palace and see the queen.\" He grabbed his hat briefly and murmured \" God save the Queen\" setting his hat back down he began to talk again. \" My other siblings also had lovely stripes and spots on them like my mom and dad. However I was just brown.\" The fur on his neck stood up in anger \" Just BROWN. A plain uninteresting brown!\" He leaned back moodily and stared at the sky \" My brothers and sisters were sold to Earls, Duchess's and rich Lords.\" Tanya looked at him and put a paw against his hand even though he was lost in memory that he didn't feel it. \" Who were you sold to? \" Waul smiled grimly \" I wasn't. I was given away. To a Baron. An impoverished Baron I might add. A country Baron and he expected me to catch and eat the mice and rats that were in the horse stalls! Me! I was raised to be a gentle cat and gentle cats do not eat nasty mice and rats covered in horse manure!\" He had sat up squeezing his paws in anger and teeth clenched as if he could take a bite out of his human master. He blew out an angry breath. Tanya hugged his toe having moved around to be able to look at his face and the pain there. \" Oh Waul! I'm so sorry! That doesn't sound fair at all!\" Waul began to calm down. He sighed. \" Yes well it worked out somewhat you see he kept a mistress in an apartment in London and she took a fancy to me and kept me there. In London I learned how to be a gentleman with the finest! I can shoot the wick off a candle at 100 paces, I can sit on a horse even at full gallop, and I was quite a boxer as well as a gentleman. It was there I learned of a my love for theaters and the beauty of some of the finest pipes in all of Europe!\" Tanya smiled up at him sadly \" Ive never been to a theater, or opera or ballet. I've heard so much about them though. Poppa played well enough we were able to watch some of the shows in the local villages. When I was a little girl I used to sing to the sound of poppa's violin and he told me one day I could be a great singer If I believed in myself.\" Her face fell \" Of course, that didn't happen. In America there seems to be hundreds of beautiful singers. My family is poor. I don't have the training or the means to become a real diva.\" Waul nodded \" Yes my mas...my ma...my human lost most of his fortune at the gaming hells and his mistress dropped him. He moved to America taking me with him and bought a cattle ranch. Now he lives here and travels to the city with his fat wife and their little brat...well..\" Waul cocked his head grudgeinly \" Alice isn't too bad. She doesn't try to dress me as a baby normally she dresses me as a prince or a king or even a knight and I have to hand it to her she's getting much better at sewing some clothes for me.\" He glanced up at the moon and started \" Dear me! I need to get you home, the desert is dangerous at night. Spiders, snakes, coyotes all manner of things. Quickly my dear hang on.\" He sat her on his collar so she could cling to his neck and he leaped from the roof to a turret then to the porch then hit the ground lightly on his feet before running towards the town of Green River. Lost in the shadows Clay lay flat on his stomach his eyes narrowed watching the British feline rush away towards the town. HIS town. The town he had intended to live in to get out of the cave. His lips curled up in a snarl. He disliked that British cat on site. However he had much more control of himself then most Lynx so he wrinkled his nose and motioned to his boys to gather around. \" Now boys. Let's stake out that trail right there. I've a mind to have a conversation with this pampered feline. Let's make sure he listens.\" The cats all grinned and began staking out spots around the trail as they waited for Waul to make his way back.[Chapter 5] \" Oh Tanya thank goodness. It was getting late.\" Mamma Mousekewitz visibly relaxed when Waul sat her daughter down in front of her door. She punctuated her comment by giving Waul the eye and tapping her foot in irritation. \" My fault entirely Mrs. Mousekewitz. I do hope you'll forgive me as I'll try my hardest to make sure it doesn't happen again. I must remind you though she is perfectly safe with me.\" He wrapped his cape around him after taking his hat off looking every bit the chastened gentlemen though his eyes were amused. \" Bah! I want my daughter home before dark even you are not invulnerable besides she needs to help us with the store it will be open soon...\" \" Mamma what's this? \" Tanya came out holding a long white box with a ribbon. Even Waul's ears pricked up curiously. \" Mr. West has seen fit to invite to a party and dropped off a dress.\" It was clear from her mother's tone that she wasn't happy at this development. Waul looked amused \" Dear me, have I got...competition..for your time my lovely Diva? \" Tanya blushed \" No of course not but..he IS the mayor...and he's been very...kind...in his attentions and I...I...I don't want to go!\" Tanya suddenly dropped the box and ran into the house covering her face with her hands. Waul looked startled he quickly peeked in the door almost knocking over Mamma Mousekewitz. She gave his chin a healthy shove causing him to knock his head against the top of the door and bite his tongue. \" Ouch! What in blue blazes...\" \" Scat cat! I needs speak with my daughter.\" Mamma said waving him away. \" I want to make sure she's alright Madam.\" Waul said stiffly rubbing his head feeling a small knot come up. Heavens above she certainly was stronger then she looked. He wondered if all Russian mice were so hardy and strong. \" Than wait here if you must!\" the door was slammed in his face much to his chagrin. He glanced around annoyed. Suddenly he spotted a window and slid over to it cocking an ear to hear better. \" My daughter tell him no! \" \" Oh momma what if he takes away our home? What if he just keeps other mice from buying from daddy? What if he's...what if he's right about me? \" Mamma took Tanya in her arms \" My darling...you know there is no one in this town you want to give your heart too but that doesn't mean there is no one out there! You needn't grant your favors to anyone here if you don't wish too my sweet babushka. You are young and you are lovely and destined for more then this.\" \" Your mother is right Tanya my love.\" Poppa Mousekewitz stepped up the stairs to look at his daughter. \" You are lovely you will have your pick wherever you go and as soon as business picks up we will make trips into bigger towns and you will see the theaters and you will sing. Once the world hears you why \" He spread his arms \" everyone will love you! You will never be alone.\" \" You'll always have me my Diva...in fact I can take you now to see the theaters and operas! \" Poppa sighed while momma glared at the window where Waul was peeking in with his monocle. \" I could be your patron and sponsor you as well!\" Tanya wiped her tears and smiled sadly \" What if one day I don't want to sing except to my children...what if I sing on stage until it's too late for me to ever love someone?\" \" Wha...Why that's just...just preposterous! Tanya precious if I were a mouse I would court you every day and I certainly wouldn't bring weeds! \" He glared briefly at the sad bouquet on her little table. \" I would bring you roses of every color...now...if .. a...bachelor feline like myself would court you imagine the gentlemen of the city and how they would adore you! You can love someone and sing as well you know...why he would simply...well sit up front every night and wait for you.\" Tanya dried another tear \" Really? \" \" I swear it.\" \" He has a point Tanya love.\" Poppa said cupping her face and kissing her. Mamma threw her arms around them both and Waul felt something in his own heart twist. He shook it off. \" Well...now that I've satisfied my curiosity...\" \" It killed ze cat you know!\" Mamma said stiffly waving a wooden spoon at him. \" Yes well since I'm still alive I must be on my way home. Do have my list? \" Mamma shoved it out the window at him. \" Begone you nosy thing. You men...always think you know what's best for young women...\" She trailed off into muttering Russian but Waul merely chuckled and tipped his hat at her. She liked him he could tell. He sighed and turned to head home keeping his eyes open for rattlesnakes and coyotes the only two things he feared right now. He was about 30 minutes from his home when his fur began to stand up and he slowed down. He suddenly wished he had brought his silver tipped cane that twisted into a rapier and gave him more fighting room then his knife. He stopped and wrinkled his nose briefly. \" I can smell you whoever you are and it's passing rude to come into another's territory without an invitation.\" A deep voice that sent uncomfortable vibrations through his body caused him to turn to a boulder on the side of the road. \" Cat R. Waul.\" A lynx stepped out and tipped up a black cowboy hat pinning him with a cold yellow gaze moonlight shining from his teeth. Waul stiffened \" You have me at a disadvantage my good sir...you seem to know me...but I'm certain I have yet to make your acquaintance.\" A purring growl came from the large feline as it walked slowly up to Waul. \" So you haven't...\" Waul's tail began to twitch but he kept his chin up disdainfully . His top hat only came up to the big feline's chin. \" Name's Clay McGregor of the McGregor gang. I don't suppose you remember the three cats that were here in Green River when you showed up? \" Waul crossed his arms \" I certainly do. Starving dolts who didn't realize how easy it would be to get plenty to eat and drink.\" Clay growled and some of the other cats immediately backed up. Waul allowed one ear to twitch. \" Well it's been a pleasure but if you'll excuse me I must be on my way.\" He began walking away. \" Don't walk away from me Waul!\" Clay snarled he went to pull out his six shooters and froze. As fast as lightening The British feline had whirled around with a pistol loaded and cocked aimed straight at Clay's heart. Rather then be concerned Clay looked amused. Waul's ears twitched as he heard several guns cocked around him. When he spoke he sounded bored enough to fall asleep. \" I might die in the middle of this road my good man but I promise you my bullet will take out your heart and you'll be just as dead.\" Clay made a motion and the guns were slowly put away. Waul merely aimed for the sky. Clay walked up to Waul and looked him up and down again. \" Well well so your not such a uppity talking pussy after all. Got a little grit in you I see.\" \" My dear sir I might point out your speech is as educated as mine and I am NOT a pussy.\" The last word came out in a hiss. Clay chuckled \" Yes well on the reservations we learn to speak and write and do sums. Just so we don't give away our towns and lands with a paw print thanks to smooth talking outsiders like yourself.\" Waul sighed stifling a yawn \" Yes, Yes, very good. If you'll excuse me.\" He turned and walked away keeping the gun in his hand. \" Green River is mine Waul and I aim to get it back. You can join me...or you can die with the rest of the town.\" \" Good NIGHT sir!\" Waul snapped walking faster. \" You think on that partner...and I'll be seeing you soon.\" Clay motioned the other cats to head out. He smirked at the red caped feline walking away. A strong one. Definitely a born leader if he had been on Clay's side int he first place but ah let him chew it over and wonder how the town would be taken. Waul would come once the curiosity got the best of him. If not...perhaps the plight of a certain mouse would bring him running. Clay had nothing but time.[Chapter 6] \"You have to come Tanya! Why the whole town will be there!\" West looked askance at the young Mousekewitz. She shook her head again trying not to tremble. \" Thank you Mr.s West but uh...well I have no desire to go to a hoedown because...well...because I'm in mourning.\" West frowned \" Eh? Mourning? \" Tanya nodded quickly \" Yes we just got a note in saying our aunt passed away and we're in mourning it wouldn't be proper for me to go to a ..a...celebration right now. I need to spend it with my family.\" West grabbed her hand \" Oh my dear girl had I known! I would stay with you and dry your tears!\" Tanya began looking alarmed \" Oh no..that's..it's ok Mr. West...these things happen and uh mamma said the best way to deal with our grief is in our own way in our own time. I might stay in my room and um sew...or something...\" West patted her hand and pressed his fat lips against it. Unlike Waul who had somehow managed not to drool all over her West's kiss was sloppy and wet. Tanya cringed. West smiled at her affectionately \" You'll make a fine wife Tanya, why you're so lovely and sweet hearted you'll be winning over voters left and right and I'll bet you'll want to have quite a family won't you? \" He tipped her a wink that made her shudder. \" Mr. West please...\" Tanya tugged at her hand. \" Of course of course well keep the dress my dear there will be other occasions to use it.\" He hitched up his belt over his large stomach and cocked his hat giving her what he no doubt thought was a dashing wink and turned to head off to speak to a small crowd of mice standing in front of the generals tore trading gossip. Tanya gulped then ran. When she go to the water barrel she slipped behind it and slid down to pull her knees up. Her lips began to tremble. Was this to be her lot in life? Would she be forced to marry someone like West? Was she being selfish not to? She leaned her face into her lap and began to cry softly. A soft gentle voice suddenly caught her attention. \" Excuse me Missus...you seem to need this more than I.\" Tanya glanced up and squeaked a bit startled. There was a large black rat in front of her. He wore overalls over his broad black chest. In fact there was no color on him anywhere other then his red eyes and his bland brown pants and dirty white shirt. A shapeless brown hat was crammed on his head and when he removed it she saw to her surprise his fur was long and swept over his ears in an attempt to keep it out of his face. The effect was dashing and a bit sexy. He was holding out a white handkerchief to her. His face was warm and slightly concerned. \" Oh...I'm sorry you startled me...\" She took the handkerchief and dried her eyes. She started to hand it back. \" Oh no Missus you keep it please ah wuz just hopin you could help me is all.\" He nervously took off and turned his brown hat around in his black paws his tail curling around his feet. \"Oh...well how can I help you.\" Tanya asked standing up. She blinked up at the rat. He had seemed big because she was sitting down but she suddenly realized he actually was big. Bigger than any mouse she had ever seen anyway. She suddenly felt uneasy and glanced around quickly. If the rat noticed her unease he didn't comment on it. \" My name's Tar missus I wuz wantin to settle my family here in this here town but...well...\" He looked around and spread his hands out. \" I'm such a dummy I can't seem to figure out who to speak to!\" Tanya relaxed a little \" Oh...the mayor is the one you want to start with. He's the mouse over there in the white coat and hat. Mr. West. He can even help you find a place big enough for your family Mr. Tar. \" The rat twisted his hat his face twisting into an' aw gosh' look \" Aw golly missus just call me Tar! A lady like you ain't gotta call a rat like me Mr. no how no way! \" Tonya found herself smiling at him. Now that her eyes were dry she started taking in little details. His fur was glossy and healthy. His eyes though a sinister red were large and gentle and his smile was sweet almost making him seem like a little boy. His ears were a bit tattered but he was keeping them pressed to his head to show no aggression and his voice...well his voice was actually lovely. She blushed suddenly realizing they had been staring at each other. She cleared her throat. \" I hope your family will be very happy here Tar. I can't wait to meet your wife and kids...my dad sells violins and fiddles and gives lessons if you like. \" She motioned out to the store in the distance \" Mousekewitz, maybe we'll be neighbors if you need a big place.\" Tar chuckled \" Naw only thang I ever learnt to play missus is a harmonica but we'll be neighbors right nuff. I ain't got a wife and kids but I live with my sister, my brother and my brother's wife and they got about 8 young un's atween em. What's yer name missus?\" \" Tanya, Tanya Mousekewitz.\" Tar took her hand and kissed the air just above it and it sent a warm shiver through her. His every move was slick and powerful. She suddenly wondered if he liked theater and opera and well things like that. She hoped so...she wanted someone to talk to other than Waul. Waul was way out there Tar would be here in town. She suddenly didn't feel so lonely. \" I have to go Tar...pleased to meet you\" She bobbed in a courtesy and turned to hurry off. \" Bye bye Missus Mousekewitz.\" Tar called waving at her. His sappy smile turned a bit more menacing and he turned towards the desert. He flashed a quick thumbs up before putting his hat back on and searching out Mayor West. The fat little mouse would give him what he wanted or Tar would take him behind the saloon and beat him to within an inch of his life. He began to whistle softly as he walked away from the water bin.[Chapter 7] Waul was hiding under the settee pressed against the wall. His humans had come back and from the high shrieky annoying laugh of his master's wife she was in a fine mood...which would meant she would want to cuddle him to her busom. The thouhgt was enough to make him retch slightly. The study door opened and pair of little girl legs skipped in. He mentally sighed. Alice would bird dog him she always did. There were times he would swear she could understand him maybe read his mind but he had never tried to put that to the test. She peered under the settee where he was hiding and grinned at him. If a girl could be termed cute Waul supposed Alice would be. She had dimples and curly blonde hair and big blue eyes and she was missing a baby tooth which made her seem incredibly younger then she was. Waul cringed as he heard her mother's voice. \" Pussy? Puss puss pussy! Come to Momma baby!\" Waul hissed making Alice giggle a little. She stood up and called out \" He's outside momma! I saw him out the window! \" Waul went limp with relief hearing the horrible woman go upstairs without him. He sighed and reluctantly went to Alice. \" Meow.\" He said flatly Alice laughed softly. \" Nice to see you too...look what I got you! \" She displayed a bag and Wauls ears flattened. Clothes. He began to swear silently...oh please no baby clothes. Please oh please oh please... Alice pulled out a red garment and unfolded it for his perusal. His ears perked up. It was a silk brocade vest wihch displayed dragons when the light shone across it. He studied it pleased. Then Alice pulled out two capes for him made of rich velvet. Black for formal and a Green one for informal. He also had two more vests that had to have cost a packet even if they were small. He supposed this was what he'd be wearing to her boring little tea parties. However they would also look excellent on him for his outings. In his minds eye he saw his diva in a beautiful sleeveless dress sitting on his black cape as they triumphantly walked across the stage. \" One more thing kitty...\" She dug and came up triumphantly with a bag of cat nip which sent an excited purr through waul and he found himself rubbing against her pleased. \" Momma said she wasn't buying anymore so you could be stoned all day so I used my pin money to get it so momma can't know. It's just between me and you right? \" Waul gazed at her. He had to stop himself from nodding but he perked his ears up curled his tail trying to look pleased making his eyes as big as he could. Alice suddenly hugged him and then stood up. \" Put your clothes up I have to go unpack and hide this!\" She sat the catnip in front of him. When she left he picked up the red vest and slipped it on pleased by the quality. It had been a long time since he had been treated as the well bred feline he was. He quickly dragged his clothes to the bed and set them aside. Let the humans think he was just laying on them all day. The catnip he tucked into the pocket of his favorite traveling vest. He took a quick hit and sighed in bliss. Well almost bliss, His mind had been on Clay McGregor and his gang for most of the morning. He had to visit the town of Green River and warn them. Except what exactly was he warning them off? The town wouldn't fall to a pack of cats. Too many humans and Whylie had some younger dogs helping him and that great buffoon Tiger to patrol and enforce the law there. Still he wanted to at least warn his diva. He recognized her as his greatest weakness. Though he hoped they didn't know about her the look on Clay's face had clearly told him they knew everything. Those sharp intelligent eyes weren't likely to miss much. He couldn't head back out to the town till tomorrow when his humans went to church. He decided that tonight he must play the feline grateful for his human masters. Tomorrow at first light he was going to the find some answers. The three felines that were in the town originally were back with the gang. He had smelled them. They had been stupid and slow and starving, easily manipulated. One or all three would tell him what he wanted to know if he applied the spurs properly. Clays one mistake was everyone's mistake. Waul looked like a gentlemen, had the blood and manners bred into him as a gentleman, but that didn't mean he was nice, honest, or fair. He was thinking up plans and discarding them and coming with new ones so deep in though he didn't hear the study door open. The voice caused him to cringe to the floor with a groan under his breath. He dug his nails in knowing it would do him no good. \" PUSSY! MY BABY!\" He was scooped up. \" Oh No!\" Waul moaned trying to get loose. He held his breath as his face was drawn to the enormous bosom in front of him. Tonya Mousekewitz stood proudly in front f the store. Tomorrow it would open. The family had done it. They had a lovely display of fiddles and all things associated with that. Her father had hit the jackpot. Apparently fiddlin' was a big thing here in the West and he already had a line of clients who wanted to learn. Her and mother finished the light work then took her baby sister and went home leaving Tiger, her father, and Fieval to finish up the minor details. Tonya dreamily brought the basket out and began to take down the laundry. Suddenly something caught her ears and she perked them up her mouth opening in wonder... There was a voice in the air. A beautiful tenor. A singing voice so emotional and beautiful she yearned to sing with it. She headed in the direction it seemed to come from and noticed between each line there was the sound of wood being chopped. \" Find me here.\" chop* \"Speak to me,\" chop* \"I need to feel you.\" chop* \"I need to hear you.\" chop* Tonya peeped around a corner and saw Tar swinging and ax and splitting wood just as easy as you please. He might not have been broad like some of the other mice but since he was bigger his body was more compact and his muscles still rippled. Tonya pulled away and leaned against the barrel listening breathlessly as he sang \"You are my light.\" chop* \"That's leading me,\" chop* \"To a place where I find peace,\" chop* \"again.\" Tonya peeked around and saw he was gathering all his split wood and was dreamily walking to his wood stack adding the newly cut logs. Although she didn't know it he saw her out of the corner of his eyes and smirked slightly before singing some more stretching his voice. He leaned against the stack and gazed at the sky for a moment. The very epitome of dark dreams and dashing romance. \"You are the strength that keeps me walking..You are the hope that keeps me trusting.\" He began walking slowly to the barrel appearing to be lost in his own song and Tonya watched him disappear around the other side of her, blushing her heart beating a fast pulse. Suddenly from the other side of the barrel Tar placed his hand on hers and pulled her out to the opening. She gasped and tugged briefly at her hands until she realized he was pulling her into a slow dreamy dance. This time he sang to her intensely and held her close. He had a delicious smell of fresh wood and soil. \"You are the light to my soul. You are my purpose your everything.\" They made a slow dreamy turn. \"How can I stand here with you and not be moved by you? Would you tell me how could it be any better than this?\" There was noise and Tonya glanced over and blinked realizing several ladies were watching Tar. He danced by a broken mirror and she got a look at herself. Her hand me down clothes her patched dress and face devoid of any makeup. Her hair pulled back into a childish ponytail. What was she doing? Tonya tried to pull away. Tar went down on one knee and sang to her a moment longer holding her hand to his chest. His long black fur was silky and soft and made her blushed more. She had never touched another's chest that wasn't family. \"You calm the storms and you give me rest,\" \"You hold in your hands, you won't let me fall\" Tar let her hand slip away keeping his palm pressed as long as he could against her own fingers as she slid away and she back up. He gave her a look she couldn't interpret but the other ladies hurried to Tars side. He was still holding Tonya's gaze as he finished the last line of his song. \"you still my heart and take my breath away, would you take me in? Take me deeper now?\" * Everything by Lighthouse* Tonya turned and hurried away home. Tar watched her thoughtfully while the other ladies gathered around him their perfume somewhat cloying. They fanned themselves in the heat made worse by the heavy dresses they wore with their silly hats and stupid hair does. He politely blew them off letting them know if they wanted to come back another time why he might see about walking around town with one or two of them. Right now though he had chores. Had to help his family and all that. His lies were so slick and compelling he probably could have suggested they leap off the water barrel and they would have run to do so. He had to stop himself from laughing at them. Stupid mice. Still, he slipped a little note to one or two real beauties to meet him later. Clay hadn't said anything about not having some fun he had just said get to know the mouse Waul was so enamored with. He didn't see what the appeal was. She was barely out of her teen years and obviously had lived a hard life and was used to work. He hadn't heard her sing yet but he would work on that later. There was only one thing he knew for sure and it was all he needed to know. She was lonely and she was sorely lacking in genteel romance. Tar walked into his new place and paused at the mirror. He didn't look much different then any other wharf rat but wharf rats were not really known out here since they mostly stayed on ships and spread out their communities by the wharfs. They were big and they were vicious and they held their own towns pretty well. It would take a mean vicious feline to take on a wharf rat and even then there was no guarantee that cat wouldn't get overwhelmed by a pack of them and get turned into lunch. The rats had been known to even run off humans when needed. Mice were not welcome and Tar had heard from his grandfather that there had been a time when mice had actually been on the menu if food got low enough. They had the distinct honor of spreading plague and Leprosy which equaled more food for them. Back in the days of kings, Wharf rats had been captured and fought like dogs and cocks before humans realized the diseases they carried and outlawed it. The money though that had been bet on them! Especially if they had been pitted against an ally cat my god the money rolled in! The thought made Tar wished he could get involved in some underground fights. He couldn't risk looking threatening though and fighting would definitely make him unwelcome int his boring little water hole. Tar ran his hand through his long black fur and grinned at the reflection. Yup he stood out in a good way. He decided to tell Clay the only thing he had found out so far is he wouldn't mind eating Waul's little mouse all up. Catching the double meaning of that he let loose his high squeaky laugh. Boyo wasn't the day just fine?[Chapter 8] Waul slouched through the cat door wanting to be away from the humans who owned him for a moment. He could have run away again but he found he didn't have the patience to build his empire from the ground up again so he could enjoy the finer things in life. Once he was out of view of the house he jumped up on a rock and glared around. Cattle...cattle everywhere. Still he just had an excellent fish dinner and expensive new clothes so there wasn't much he was missing. Accept the voice of his little diva. His nose twitched and his green eyes narrowed. Someone was in his territory! Again! He growled softly. If it was that Clay character there was going to be trouble sure enough. Still he couldn't back down. If they got even one hint of weakness they would be upon him like vultures on a dying varmint. He might very well die but he would take Clay at the very least with him. Something told him the big Lynx wouldn't shoot him as he was unarmed. This might just come down to some down and dirty fighting. Fine. He had learned to box with the finest! He walked lazily around a fence post and paused. There was a silhouette across the driveway watching him. He sat and stared patiently waiting. He had perfected jaded ennui a long time ago. If he looked anymore bored he would be asleep. After a moment the other feline got down and walked into the moonlight. For a moment Waul was enchanted. Another desert Lynx, a female this time with long silky black hair that she let blow freely in the wind. There appeared to be a few beads braided in a tiny braid around her face. Her eyes were a sky blue and lined in thick black lines that delicately traced around her nose to disappear into the natural colors of her muzzle. She was svelte but busomy and she was wearing a plain prairie dress that was hanging off one creamy blonde shoulder. Waul stood up and walked over to her. She shifted as though she might run but then held her ground. He took her paw and kissed it bowing as a proper gentleman would. Where Clay had stood over him she was his height which still made her large. The wind blew dark strands around her face as she peeked at him from under long lashes. Suddenly Waul lashed out kicking her feet from under her and twisted throwing her on her stomach to the ground. The air whooshed out of her in a squeak as his weight pressed her down. He kept his mouth close to her throat so she could feel his breath against her nape letting her know at any time he could take her lovely neck in his teeth and hold her in a dominate position until she gave in. Her paws were pressed close to her body and her heavy claws were digging into the dirt but for some reason she wasn't fighting. \" My dear...no doubt you've been sent by that blackguard Clay to try to seduce me for whatever reason but I assure you...I've been catered to by some of the most beautiful courtesans in England. I'm afraid you're a very sad waste.\" He didn't mention none of them had been wild felines and she was wild all the way through. He could feel it in the strength that coiled in her body under him. He had never seen such eyes as she had and he had never seen a Lynx until he came to America. As a breed he had to admit they were striking...much more so then the average house cat. Courtesan or no this female wouldn't bend over and wait patiently for him to take his fleeting pleasure. Instinct told him she would move like the ocean before a storm and the ride would be anything but fleeting. At the moment however she didn't move or say anything. He wondered what she was waiting on. Her hair had curled around his arms and the scent was primal and had him sniffing her appreciatively. Finally he felt her pull in some air. She was very careful to move nothing but her head which only angled so he could see one lovely eye. \"Well? \" She asked. He trembled, her voice was husky but beautiful. His own voice was hoarse as his ears perked up hoping to hear that sound again. \" Well what? \" \" Aren't you going to take me? \" Waul stiffened in shock \" WHAT?! \" He leaped off her. He was speaking indignantly while she slowly sat up the other sleeve of her dress falling off her shoulder. The top of her dress seemed in danger of slipping off completely. \" Madam,\" He said coldly \" I am Cat T. Waul! I do NOT, I repeat do NOT have to force myself on any female when there are many that would simply bend over if I snapped my fingers!\" She looked amused \" You are so loved? \" Waul hedged around that \" Love might be a strong word madam but there are PLENTY of courtesans and tavern wenches who wouldn't turn me down if I so desired female company.\" She nodded and then pulled her dress up before carefully getting on her feet. \" My brother doesn't know I'm here.\" Waul looked unimpressed \" Is that so? Why should I care? Why are you here madam?\" She walked up to him and then walked slowly around him looking him over even sniffing him briefly as she talked. \" My brother say a gentleman challenges him. A gentleman from across the sea. I have never seen a gentleman before. You are as he said...a gentleman. I am pleased to meet you...my name is Moonlight. For my eyes.\" He kept slightly tense ready to tackle her again if she made an off move. A fight with her would be just as damaging as a fight with another male cat he didn't doubt. She stood in front of him and studied him with great interest. He didn't take his eyes off her. \" Your eyes are so green...like green stones...Malachite...yes you are like Malachite in the rough.\" \" Madam..I think you should take your leave.\" Waul said stiffly. Moonlight looked a bit defeated and gave him a hurt look her lovely ears drooping slightly \" Truly? You do not find me pretty at all? Always I fight off my brothers friends...I do not like them Waul...I do not like them and I do not want them...but you...so different...you are so different you do not want me even a little? \" Waul stayed silent. She slumped a little and lowered her beautiful eyes to the ground. With a defeated bob she turned to leave and he began to back up. Suddenly she stopped and turned to stare at him and he tensed. She smiled widely suddenly remembering something that Clay had said about Waul while he had been alternately cursing him and laying out nasty threats about what he wanted to do to the uppity British cat. Something about how much the feline had put into his saloon and his Diva and how only the most beautiful voices would be allowed to grace his stage. Auditory beauty over physical beauty apparently. She ran back to the rock she had been on and leaped on top of it then she tipped her head back and began to sing. \" Dream by night wish by day, love begins this way. Loving starts when open hearts touch and stay. Sleep for now, dreaming's how lovers lives are planned! Future song and flying dreams, hand in hand! Love it seems made flying dreams so hearts could soar! Heaven sent these dreams were meant. to prove once more... That love is the key! Love is the key...\" * Flying Dreams by Jerry Goldsmith based on the video /FPkRdtcUsws * Waul stood staring at her clutching his heart with shock. Her voice wasn't trained but it was wild and beautiful and sent chills up and down his spine and a warmth in his belly that to his embarrassment began to excite him. She smiled at him in feminine triumph having found his weakness. She leaped off the rock and turned to be on her way purring softly to herself. \" Moonlight! Wait!\" Waul started to go after her but she turned to smile coyly at him over her shoulder. He stopped wary again reminding himself this was the enemy. He couldn't allow his love of beautiful music to once again defeat him. \" You stay, I think you like me to come back yes? You like my singing I will sing for you and you will find me beautiful.\" \" Well...\" Waul stared at her trying to think of a way to tell her she was beautiful without ruining his previous pose. She shook her head. \" Not safe for you to go where I go...but for you...I will risk trouble with my kin...I will come back...\" She turned to run gracefully into the darkness. Waul leaped up on the rock. \" Wait m'dear! When?! When will I see you again!? \" Her voice was distant and he realized not only was she strong she was fast \" When the moon is full!\" Waul spent a good 20 minutes standing on the rock inhaling her scent thinking hard wondering what the devil he was going to do. This could be a deviously clever trap...except he couldn't picture Clay using a woman against his enemy. Clay had struck him as one of those fools who felt like he had to do the dirty work himself or it wouldn't be honorable to him somehow. He was a top cat and top cats always felt like they had to beat the competition themselves or they were somehow demeaned. However despite what she had said she might very well be seeking to help her brother. Brotherly consent or no brotherly consent. Still this could work to his advantage. He was a gentleman damn it and he could easily be a gentleman if that's truly what she was interested in. Charm was as natural to him as breathing when he chose to display his manners. A slow smile spread across his face. Yes. This might work to his advantage. He had spent most of his life maneuvering women of every class and seducing a majority of them. He could play the part of a love struck fool while using Moonlight to get the goods on Clay. In fact it might be the safest, fastest, and most pleasurable route to get a paw in the enemy's camp so to speak. Mentally patting himself on the back he went back inside to his big warm bed in the study. Alice was in there playing the flute. She was trying to do Mozart and cheerfully butchering it. Waul groaned and lay down covering his ears. Alice stopped playing and looked right at him turning her nose up. \" Like you could do better! \" Waul looked at her giving her his ' you're bothering me with your very existence look ' he had perfected in front of a mirror. \" Meowr phssst Rawwr rrrrhhhhh.\" he said curling onto his back letting her know that HE would like to go to bed now and SHE could stop that infernal noise so he could get his beauty sleep please. Alice huffed and began taking the flute apart and putting it up. \" I hate when you act like that. Momma thinks you're cute but she doesn't know what a...what a...\" She glanced at the door and lowered her voice to a whisper \" Asshat you are!\" Waul raised his head and gave her a feline expression of disapproval. Such language! Really! America really wasn't good for some of these humans. Just look how low standards were dropping in this house. Alice looked satisfied though and actually stopped as she passed his bed and dropped a kiss on the top of his head. 'Asshat indeed!' he fumed. She scratched under his chin and he allowed a purr to escape. \" I'll practice the piano tomorrow night. I'll play your favorite! G'night Waul.\" She kissed him again once more. At least unlike her mother she didn't feel the need to slobber on him and smother him with her little mammary glands and she actually was decent at the piano. At least it didn't sound like a bird trapped in a chimney screaming to get out. Waul lay his head down as the light was turned out and Alice went upstairs to play with her dolls and read her books. Every muscle in his body when limp. He purred a lullaby to himself his eyes drifted close. He was almost asleep when shock suddenly hit him and he popped up stunned. \" Bloody hell! She called me Waul!\"[Chapter 9] Clay leaned against a barrel looking at the rough map he had gouged out with his thick claws. He was in a passing foul mood. The town couldn't be taken. At least not with the small band he had. It wasn't the mice, the cats, or even the dogs. It was the humans. Clay bared his long thick fangs. The damn humans who encroached more and more on the land caring little that they were running off the rightful inhabitants. Soon there wouldn't be enough land for him to hunt on and he'd have to leave. Well he'd leave a fare thee well for the damn humans. The part of the town inhabited by the mice and cats and stray dogs was largely abandoned. The newer town featured a newer cleaner saloon. A food store. An animal supply store. A smithy and more. Now some homes were squashed together but pushing ever closer to the wilderness that knocked on their door. Clay looked up at the boxes marked TNT. He had the beginnings of a plan. The boom sticks and blasting sticks were powerful weapons that the humans used vigorously against each other and the wildlife they were stealing from. It would be divine karma if these things were suddenly used against them. There were whistles and purrs as Moonlight walked in her face so composed it could have belonged to a carving in the rock face of the desert. A goddess on the prow of the wilderness. Clay merely twitched an ear in greeting, Some of his men had disfigured faces and one or two had lost an eye thanks to his sister. The cougar, the largest feline of any of them was one of the few that watched her hungrily knowing she didn't have the strength to fight him off. Clay payed little mind to such things. This was the desert. Either you fought and won or you fought and lost. He had told his sister when she was young and still trying to learn her way around the world they lived in that she either fought off males or she would be hurt. She had been confused. He had knocked her down and invited a friend of his to have at her. She had been frozen in shock which had simply made way for another male to mount her. To Clay's amusement it had taken five males before she had let loose her anger and began fighting back. Now very few were able to take from her and Clay patted himself on the back for making her tough so young. She smelled of the lake nearby and he wrinkled his nose unable to understand her insistence on constant cleanliness. The thought she might be unconsciously trying to scrub the taint of so many abuses from her body did not cross his mind because he had been hurt plenty of times himself and it had made him tougher and meaner. They were not house cats. They were wild like the land and had to be as wild as the land to survive. She placed a quick dry kiss on his cheek and leaned her head briefly against his shoulder. The thought she might be memorizing his every move never crossed his mind. Not only was she wild...she was female. Her world was to settle down have kittens, guard the den, and feed her mate. In fact she was getting a little old and he was beginning to wonder when she would settle down and get off his hands. He had a nasty feeling she was eating a certain plant to keep her from quickening with kittens. He didn't have time to deal with her now. If she grew too old to settle she'd just die in the desert and he'd be rid of her either way. She moved gracefully to the end of the cave ignoring the hissed threats and purred invitations. and settled in a nook her back facing the wall and began stretching some leather. The cougar watched her and she already knew that he would have her. Tonight. Tomorrow. However many times he wished. He could kill her and would no doubt if she fought too much. She had to fight some. He liked it that way She had a strong survival instinct. There were some fights not worth fighting. Somethings had to be endured until one could plan an escape to hopefully a better life. The town Clay was so obsessed with was a mystery to her. They lived off the land. Most of the cats with Clay were feral and had learned to live off the land without humans, yet suddenly because there were pampered felines living in a town that had been rundown and almost off the map Clay seemed obsessed with making them pay for some imagined slights. Especially Cat R. Waul. He hated Cat R. Waul with such passion she was surprised he didn't explode with his fury and yet she didn't understand why the British feline inspired such anger. Clay had never met him until he had confronted Waul in his territory. Moonlight smiled to herself. After Clay had gone out to hunt she had listened with awe while the other cats talked about Waul. They had whispered that he had stood Clay down. Had outdrawn a gun on him and had turned his back and walked away with no fear at all of the Lynx. Some of the cats who had been in with Waul shivered as they remembered the anger and cruelty Cat had displayed. Even the biggest one didn't dare get on Waul's bad side. Apparently Waul had a uncanny capacity to pull off revenge without killing his revel which just left scared felines alive to pass stories about him. Which was actually the idea. The one thing Waul knew a scared cat was more useful then a dead one. She purred softly listening to stories about how so and so's BIG brother had gotten into a fight with the genteel feline and had literally been beaten into the ground. Waul displayed cunning moves and was fast and quite a bit stronger then he looked. No doubt he had learned the art of looking weak while being strong to keep his enemies and men under control when they tried to get rowdy. Then she frowned as the conversation turned to the Diva. That was how she was referred to with a capital D. The Diva. Apparently the Diva had the power to unman the British gent with her singing. In fact she had actually captivated most of those who heard her sing. She was amazing. With a voice like an angel. For a mouse she wasn't bad looking and stood out from the the other mice innocent and full of dreams. Dreams that Waul apparently made come true. Waul was in love with her. It was sick sounding but apparently widely accepted. She had been his downfall he had been willing to let go of his whole empire to save her. She was the reason the British feline had been run out of town. Not her brother. Not the cat named Tiger. Not even Whily Burp. The Diva had been his down fall and supposedly he was nursing a broken heart as well as a broken spirit somewhere on a ranch. Moonlight's soft lips quirked in amusement. She had been taken down by Waul. A domesticated cat. She had been pinned to the ground faster and with more finesse then she ever had before. Yet he hadn't hurt her. He could have easily. She grinned secretly to herself. Waul did not have the look of a cat suffering either from a broken heart or a broken spirit. If anything his spirit was a strong as an eagles and something in his eyes was just as wild though banked by civility. \" What the hell are you grinning at? \" Moonlight stopped what she was doing and turned a calm face to the cougar. He had no name he would give them and he was wild and moody as well as dangerous. \" My thoughts are my own. Leave me be to my work.\" She started to work on the leather again when she felt his large paw on her shoulder. \" Walk with me.\" Moonlight sighed irritated. Then decided best to get it over with so she could bathe and get back to work. She slipped off her dress ignoring the whistles and cat calls. She was tired of ripped dresses and started just taking them off when she knew she was going to be fighting for the tattered threads of her virtue. Luckily she had hurt enough of them they didn't all pounce on her anymore. Only three more hitched up their belts grinned slyly and whistled as they prepared to follow them out. Moonlight paused at the door scraped her claws for a few minutes sharpening them up. One cat froze at the sight of those long sharp nails. Deciding he wanted to keep his eyes more then he wanted a female he sat back down. Moonlight met Clay's eyes for a moment as he watched her followed by three males who were going to rape her if they could and he did nothing. Not for the first time Moonlight wondered did he hate her as much as she hated him? Did he know she was working on her own personal plans? The blasting sticks would kill some humans in a town...but they would kill every feline in this cave. She wondered if Clay had ever thought of THAT? Did he think she would care if she was one of them? She didn't. Not at all. Head high shoulders back the lovely curve of her spine accented by the black fur going down her back to her gently rounded hunches she walked out like a queen being followed by servants instead of a female abused and alone fighting for what was left of her spirit.[Chapter 10] Tar stood at the door of the Mousekewitz home. He had cleaned up was wearing clean clothes and had a clutch of wild flowers in hand. He knocked and the door was whipped open by Momma Mousekewitz. She eyed him a moment then shook her head slowly. Tar frowned not sure what to make of this. He quickly gave her a cautious smile \" Uh Ma'am? Can Tanya please come walk with me? \" \" Tar!\" Tanya saw him and smiled shyly peeking around her mother. To her shock her mother gave her a gentle nudge to get behind her. \" I know what you are warf rat!\" Momma shook her finger up at him \" Away with you! My daughter not have anything to do with your people!\" \" Don't tell me you don't like my color either ma'am? \" Tar asked giving her a slightly sad smile. \" Seems like a lotta folk don't like having a black rat around but I promise you ma'am. I won't even take her out of the yard if you don't want me to.\" He tried to offer the flowers. To his shock and Tanya's dismay Momma Mousekewitz slammed the door in his face. \" Why that little bitch!\" Tar said softly. The flowers dangling from his fist. \" Oh, do be careful she's a bit stronger than she looks.\" Tar felt his face go slack with shock. Waul stood over him leaning against a post looking amused. There was a wagon next to him with various supplies in it. He picked up his monocle and studied the rat. \" You've been asked to leave I believe, scamper off now.\" Tar sneered at him \" Playing supply donkey Waul? Wow how appropriate for a broke dick fop like you. What next? Will you let her saddle you and be her pretty pony?\" Waul dug at one ear briefly \" I'm sorry can you repeat that?\" \" You heard arright...\" Tar said giving him a nasty smile. \" Yes...yes I did...how interesting...yet another soul who knows me that I've never met...gracious me...my fame must be bigger than I thought. Tell me does Clay pay you in peanuts? Does he keep a little exercise wheel for you? I certainly hope so got to stay in shape when your so low on the totem pole.\" Tars eyes narrowed hatefully. Before he could say anything the door flew open and Tanya flew out running literally into his arms while her mother shouted in Russian. \" Oh Tar! I'm so sor...Waul!\" She pulled away quickly not sure why she was blushing and feeling guilty. \" You're here.\" Waul looked amused as he threw his arms out causing his cape to flare out briefly and the sun to pick up the designs on his vest. Clothes made the cat and Waul wore his perfectly. \" Indeed m'dear here I am! Have I come at a bad time? Introduce me to you little friend I don't believe we've met.\" \" Oh this is Tar, he's moving into town with his family. Tar this is my...my friend. Cat R. Waul.\" The cat and rat nodded stiffly at each other. \" Moving in with a family you say? \" Waul studied the rat. He didn't think Tanya had any idea what she was dealing with. Warf rats practically overran London at some point and he had seen them at their worst first hand. Momma Mousekewitz came out angry. \" You! I tell you to leave! You're still here! Such disrespect!\" \" Oh momma!\" \" No no Tanya..she's right I shouldn't be here disrespectin' yer momma and yer house I'm so sorry ma'am.\" Tar said slipping back into his persona. He gave Tanya a sad smile and turned to walk back towards his home ignoring several ladies who followed him giggling. Waul felt his lip curl up. \" Dear Lord please tell me I don't look like that when I'm doing innocent farm boy.\" Momma Mousekewitz actually laughed \" You? Farm boy! Hahahahahaah! Not you Waul humility...not your thing...sneaky ... conniving snake oil sales man more your type. What do you have?\" Tanya blushed wondering just what was wrong with her mother today? Waul rather then look offended looked amused. \" You're quite right madam. Humility is not my style.\" He punctuated this by tightening his neck sting tie causing the emerald sparkling and matching his eyes while he gave them a charming devilish smile. Tanya giggled while Momma rolled her eyes. She went through the things he brought checking her list. While Tanya grinned up at Waul admiring his new duds. \" You got new clothes!\" Waul smiled pleased spreading his arms and turning for her perusal \" Yes Alice has finally gotten her style sense up to scratch.\" \"Alice? Oh yes! The little girl.\" Waul nodded his eyes looking around. He spotted Whylie and another dog lazing in the sun...on a...porch...again. Waul rolled his eyes. \" Please excuse me m'dear I needs speak with someone. \" He took his top hat off and bowed briefly at them before making his way to the dogs. To their credit at least both dogs were awake by the time he walked up to them. Though Whylie looked about ready to drop back off to sleep. \" Wattya want?\" The smaller dog was a young shepard and Waul had to loosen his collar slightly. He didn't like shepherds, bulldogs, pit bulls, Dobermans, or Rottweilers. Most other big dogs he had no issues with but the above named never failed to chase him up a tree, a roof, once he'd been stuck on a damn telephone pole. In the rain. Luckily this one was still practically a puppy. Waul supposed it was good to train them young. \" Whylie my good fellow I'd like to speak to you privately...can I get you a drink my good sir?\" \" Probably He'll poison it!\" The younger dog growled. Whylie rolled his eyes while Waul smirked. \" Dear me, my reputation proceeds me apparently.\" The pup had the look of someone who wasn't sure if Waul was being funny or sincere. \" Jack...go patrol...\" Whylie growled getting up. Waul winced as the old dogs joints all popped and crackled. \" Arthritis still bad old chap? \" He asked politly. \" Better than sand fleas bitin my ass.\" The dog replied heading to the saloon. Waul's eyebrows arched for a moment not sure if he was expected to respond to that but he smoothly followed the old dog in the saloon. He winced. His beautiful stage was full of garrish curtains and garrishly dressed cats and dogs kicking up their heels to display their pretty garters. Most of the drinkers were playing cards and not paying the least mind to the stage. Waul sniffed haughtily at the obscene travesty that had been to his entertainment dream and sat at the bar removing his hat. An old greyhound came over and gave them their drinks. Waul cautiously sipped it and wrinkled his nose. Someone had gotten cheap. The brandy was watered down. For a moment he had this absolute ridiculous urge to cry like a baby but that was something he got hold of quickly and squashed. No crying. No whining. What was done was done. \" Hey! What are you doing in here!?\" Waul glanced at the little mouse who had come running up to whylie his little slingshot out. \" Ah my young gun, I'm pleased to see you as I have some information I think you and the rest of the law should have to protect this so fair town.\" Fieval frowned at him but pulled a cork over and sat down in front of Waul. He didn't understand why Tanya had made a deal with this conniving cat. He did admit though Waul had certain charm that he had bespelled even him until he found out that Waul intended to turn the town into mouseburgers. \" Ok Shoot.\" \" Bang.\" Waul said pointing at Fieval and clicking his thumb. Even he had a sense of humor. Fieval gave him a wane smile for the effort and Waul sighed and shrugged before sipping his watery Brandy again. \" First off my young sir are aware there is a warf rat paying attention to your sister? \" \" Warf rat?\" Whylie asked. He blinked sleepy eyes. \" What the tarnation is a warf rat?\" Fievals frowned. \" So...like a rat that comes from...a warf? \" Waul gazed at them in disbelief, For a moment he had the urge to throw his hands up and walk away. He didn't even live in this cursed little town how was it he was suddenly the most knowledgeable about what was and was not dangerous? \" Yes Mr. mousekowitz a warf rat is just that...a rat that lives on ships and warfs. They are quite dangerous.\" \" How dangerous? \" Fieval asked leaning forward interested despite himself. \" Rattlesnake dangerous.\" Waul said dryly. \" I believe he is to spy in your little town. I highly doubt any family is going to show up. More then likely he's here for a short period of time and then he will take what he knows to an individual who I fear is going to make my plans look like a walk in the park...as it were.\" \" You think the mice are in danger? \" Whylie asked draining his drink. He belched causing Waul to wrinkle his nose. \" Actually I believe everyone is in danger. The individual is a desert Lynx. Goes by the name Clay McGregor.\" For a long moment whylie and Fieval just stared at him. He stared back. Finally flustered he quickly took another sip of his brandy. It was awful he fought the urge to gag. \" What's a Lynx? \" Fieval finally asked. Waul found himself leaning his forehead against his hand briefly. Why had he come out here again? \" Wild desert cat son. McGregors dead.\" \" Yes well I'm sure all the McGregors YOU know are dead old chap but I assure you the Lynx I chatted with the other night is very much alive and appeared to have small posse with him.\" Whylie motioned for another drink. Waul glared at him. \" Well what are you going to do? \" \"Do?\" \" Yes do! You're supposed to be the law I'm bringing you information...despite my obvious dislike of this little waterhole...that potentially puts it in danger. So what are you going to do? \" \" We'll look into it! Won't we Whylie?\" \" Yea ya might want to check it out son.\" aul stared at then askance. \" Him? You're putting this boy in charge of...but here...I'm being unfair ...after all you did have me cowering underneath a human gun before you so unceremoniously flung me and my boys into a mail bag. With luck you'll run the Lynx off with a few well placed pebbles..\" Fieval frowned up at Waul. \" Your being sarcastic aren't you? \" With a snarl Waul scooped his hat up and marched out of the saloon. \" Well that was a perfectly wonderful waste of time.\" he muttered. He had made the edge of town when he heard his name. He turned and blinked surprised to see Tanya running after him as fast as she could.[Chapter 11] Waul bent down and picked Tanya up bringing her close to his face. \" Is anything amiss my Diva? \" Tanya puffed slightly and shook her head \" No. I just wanted to know what was going on.\" Waul ran through the events of things that had happened and his suspicions on Tar hoping to warn her off. When he was done she sat very quietly in the middle of his hand. He smiled rather sadly \" Ah you don't believe me do you? You think I'm just trying isolate you. I assure you my dear if you talk to your mother she'll back me up on the character of warf rats.\" Tanya twisted her dress briefly in her hands not meeting his eyes. \" Couldn't he be like you? Couldn't he be an exception to the norm? \" Waul found himself chuckling \" Is that what I am my dear? ' An exception from the norm? '\" Tanya didn't meet his eyes. She was staring at her hands. Waul sighed. \" M'dear I can't tell you who to associate with anymore than I can tell you who you should and should not trust but if you insist on ignoring your mother and me I do hope you'll take what we say with a grain of salt and be careful.\" \" Oh I will be.\" Tanya said smiling up at him. \" Do you want me to you know, come with you and sing? \" Waul hesitated the Baron was off hunting and his wife was visiting neighbors for tea. Alice was home with her babysitter. He grinned and decided to see what Tanya made of her. \" Indeed I do there's something I've been dying to share with someone! \" Waul slipped in through the cat door and made his way up the steps carefully. He had tucked Tanya into his collar and was trying to make sure the baby sitter didn't see her. The woman was old and gray and tended to have the vapors at the slightest hint of a crises. She had actually mistook Waul's tail for a snake once or twice. Waul had concluded the old bat had to be blind to mistake his furry tail for a snake but on these occasions she had screamed a shrill old lady scream and passed out with all the grace of a beached wale. Alice had found her smelling salts and revived her and explained to the old woman that there was nothing she need be concerned about. Waul had found the old biddy to be annoying as most humans were. Luckily she was sleeping in a chair in the lounge but he still stayed silent as possible until he got to Alice's room. She had left the door cracked and wondered in. Alice was cheerfully sitting at a small table with her stuffed toys playing with a beautiful glass tea set. She quickly moved one of her toys out of a chair when she saw Waul. \" Oh! Sir Wauld! Please join us! The princess was just telling us about a beautiful ball she went to! \" Waul sighed as Tanya twittered into his neck. He stood up and picked Tanya up holding her out for Alice's inspection. Tanya shivered in shock and cringed. It had been drummed into her to never get to close to humans and this was as close as she had been with one actually looking at her. \" Might we have a another spot? I've got a visitor.\" Waul asked. Tanya turned a questioning gaze to him. \" Oh! Isn't she pretty!\" Alice leaned down slightly and waved at Tanya \" Hi little mousy do you want to join us for tea? I have cakes and cookies!\" Tanya found her mouth dropping open in shock. She closed it quickly. \" Yes please.\" She said softly. While Alice cheerfully set a spot up on the table Tanya turned to stare at Waul who gave her a smug smile. \" Yes I was rather shocked myself. This little...angel...\" Waul rolled his eyes briefly \" Has been listening to me for a long time without giving me a hint that she could understand my musings. Unfortunately for her she slipped up one night.\" He placed Tanya on the table and she cautiously moved to the spot where Alice had set up a cup and saucer much to big for Tanya to pick up and a small place with a bite of cake on it bigger that Tanya was tall. She stared at the little girl. \" Uh...is it just us? \" Tanya asked taking a a piece of the large cake and nibbling it. Waul shook his head pretending to sip tea his finger up his movements relaxed and graceful. \" No apparently she's able to communicate with every animal. She appears very intelligent that's the only thing I can think of as I've never found a human to speak to before.\" He suddenly shrugged self consciously \" Well of course I've never spent much time around human children either perhaps...\" Waul grunted as his top hat was whipped off and a paper crown was put on his head. He continued after adjusting the ' crown'. \" Perhaps all children have this ability and and they outgrow it.\" Alice gave him a solemn look \" You're a prince now, she's a princess, and I'm a fairy godmother! \" Waul looked for a moment like someone had stuffed a lemon in his mouth. She picked up her cup while Tanya giggled softly remembering he own tea parties and how her sister was starting to enjoy pretending games. Alice waved around a wand. \" And poof! Everyone's cup is full! \" Waul carefully set down his cup and leaned toward Alice rising his monocle to his eye. Tanya was amused to see that he spoke to her the way humans usually talked to their dogs and cats. \" Little Alice? Sweetie? This is Tanya! Tanya's a good friend of mine!\" Alice paused looking at the mouse on her table thoughtfully. She smiled at her. \" That's a pretty name. Princess Tanya! \" She turned and frowned at the door\" If Mrs. Downey sees her she'll be really mad and she'll tell mommy and daddy.\" Waul nodded then grimaced as his ' crown' fell in front of his eyes. He pushed it back with on finger. \" Yes well we mustn't let Mrs. Downey or your mother and father know. It'll be our little secret yes? \" Alice clapped her hands in delight. \" I love secrets! You're not eating your cake.\" \" oh...err please forgive me Alice...\" \" Fairy godmother.\" Waul grimaced again \" Oh really must I do this? \" Alice crossed her arms and gave him a dour look. Tanya laughed softly at him. \" Come on Waul! What will it hurt? \" \" Ugh if anyone sees this...ahem...I just ate fairy godmother please forgive me uh my royal tummy is quite full.\" Alice smiled pleased \" Very well. Princess won't you sing for us? \" Waul perked up \" Yes Tanya...err I mean your highness...she was a princess right? ...please sing for us. It will certainly make this pretend tea go down much more smoothly and quickly. Tanya stood up and cleared her throat. She was truly curious as to what this little girl would think of her singing. Tanya found that she was getting excited at the very thought. She felt like she had Waul had found something amazing and found herself wondering if anyone would believe her when she told them about this amazing little girl. She began singing a children's song she had sung while jumping rope as a child. Alice sat clasping her hands together and grinning. Waul was again holding the cup of imaginary tea up smiling slightly while one of his ears twitched in time to the song. The door creaked behind them \" Alice...?\" To her credit Alice didn't panic. Instead she grabbed Waul's top hat off the floor and slammed it over Tanya knocking her saucer and cup off. Waul had already dropped his cup and was sitting straight as a board his eyes wide. Mrs. Downy frowned \" Did I...did I just see a mouse? \" \" I'm just playing with my toys Mrs. Downy and Waul's having tea with me see? He's PRINCE Waul.\" Tanya found herself practically stuffing her hands in her mouth to keep from laughing out loud at the strained meow Waul let out sounded like someone was choking him. \" Oh...well come along it's time for lunch I made you a nice sandwich.\" Alice jumped up as she rarely moved slowly. There was just too much in the world to see and do and she wanted to make sure she saw and did everything. She was out the door and then quickly popped her head back in \" Bye prince Wail! Buy Princes Tanya come back for tea soon! \" Waul sighed and then carefully picked his hat up. \" Are you alright? I'm so sorry Alice is a bit impetuous...\" \" I love her!\" Tanya said enthusiastically \" Maybe when my sister is older I can bring her and we can all have tea.\" Waul didn't look very enthused by this and simply shrugged. A shrill scream made him sigh and he grabbed Tanya up and looked out the door his ears perked up curiously. Alice sat at the bottom of the steps screaming. Mrs. Downy hurried over to her. \" Dear what happened? \" \" I fell down the last step and hurt my knee! It hurts! It huurrrts!\" Mrs. Downy peered at her then straightened up suddenly \" Oh dear...there's blood...ohh ohhhh dear...\" \" Oh no.\" Waul mumbled nearly dropping Tanya while he went to cover his eyes in exasperation. Tanya watched shocked as the big woman fainted. Even Alice stopped screaming for a moment to stare at the big woman on the floor then she commenced to howling in pain. \" Alice stop that! You'll bring the whole bloody house down! \" Waul snapped annoyed. \" But it HUUUURRRTS!\" Alice screamed louder. \" Oh for the love of...let me see...\" Waul grumbled some very unkind things under his breath while he investigated the screaming child. \" Alice your knee barely has a scratch on it...\" \" It's bleeding!\" Alice howled. \" You'll stop that caterwauling this instant or I'll smack you! \" Waul threatened. \" Cat!\" Tanya said shocked. \" Well she's being quite unreasonable she hasn't lost a bloody leg it's a scratch it's already stopped bleeding for crying out loud!\" \"Go get a wet cloth and a bandage.\" Tanya ordered shaking her head. She jumped down to the step he was standing on then walked over to Alice's tear streaked face. She gently used her dress to dry some of Alice's tears \" There there it's ok sweet heart Waul will clean it up and make it better...\" \" You're going to make ME play nursemaid?!\" Waul looked scandalized by the thought. Tanya gave him a look and he rubbed his face hard before stomping off. To make himself feel better he stomped over the unconscious Mrs. Downy who merely moaned. He came back with a wet rag a bottle of medicine and a bandage. Alice had been quieting down but she began to scream again when she saw what he had. \" Not the stingy stuff! I don't want the stingy stuff! \" Waul simply ignored her and slapped the wet rag over her small knee once or twice. Tanya tried hard to calm Alice down while Waul doctored her up. When he rubbed some of the medicine one her the little girl went off again. \" OWOWOWOWOW! SHIT!\" \"Alice!\" Waul said glaring at her \" Stop that language at once! It's not befitting a lady!\" \" Shit!\" Alice said again defiantly glaring at him. \" Fairy godmother's don't say that sweetie they say bippty boppty BOO!\" Tanya said wiping A few more errant tears. Waul rolled his eyes while Alice seemed to contemplate that a moment. He placed the bandage over her knee and taped it down. \" There. All done. I don't think anyone will have to cut off your leg. It really was a mild injury.\" \" Cut off my leg?!\" Alice's eyes went wide. Tanya glared at him \" Stop that Waul! It's not funny! Really! You're fine sweetheart Waul was just joking.\" \"Oh...uh oh...\" Alice said her red rimmed eyes going past Waul. He cringed already realizing what the problem was. \" Oh...Oh My GOD It's a MOUSE! Ohhhh!\" Mrs Downy flopped back down to the floor having spotted Tanya sitting peacefully on Alice's shoulder. \" Well shit!\" Waul said sourly. ","Summary":" Taking over a story Written by Hiddenstranger u/704835/hidden-stranger Original can be found here s"},{"Movie":"An American Tail","Title":"Fire in Cold Glow: Revised Edition","Author":"LuluCalliope","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8023593","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Fire in Cold Glow (Revised Edition) By Masked Mouse Edited by LuluCalliope Chapter One The wind was wailing outside of the building that the humans had left behind several years ago. Rain pounded down on the streets of New York. Inside of the building and just through a crack in one of the walls slept a pretty young mouse. She thrashed around in response to the thunder outside and the nightmares she was having. When a bolt of lightning seemed too close, she awoke, shivering from the sudden shock of finding herself in an unfamiliar place, in a white nightgown that wasn't hers. She wondered where her family was. She placed a hand to her forehead, which was throbbing and giving her a pounding headache. \"Oh, good, you are up,\" a voice said, and she jumped as she realized that there had been another mouse watching her from a couch opposite the bed. The mouse lying in bed saw that the speaker was a plump woman with light white fur and sky blue eyes. She was wearing a frilly blue dress and a white apron. \"I thought we were going to lose you when we brought you in. You poor thing, you were such a gruesome sight to the eyes. Good thing Mistress Catherine let us keep you. You might have been killed by those cats…\" They both shuddered at the thought. \"Who's Mistress Catherine?\" The mouse lying in bed asked feebly. \"Oh, she's the owner of this old hostel,\" the chatty woman replied. \"And, silly me, I almost forgot to introduce myself. I'm Maria. Do you have a name?\" \"T-Tanya,\" was the reply. \"Do you know where my clothes are?\" \"Oh, we've had to get them cleaned, Miss Tanya,\" Maria said grimly. \"How bad was I?\" Tanya asked, preparing for the worst. \"You were covered in bruises, cuts, the works,\" Maria answered darkly. \"And you lost a lot of blood—more than anyone has in my experience as a nurse. You're getting along better now. I'll leave you and your little one to rest.\" \"My little one…?\" Tanya asked, surprised and confused. \"Your baby,\" Maria replied, her voice also dripping with confusion. \"She is yours, right?\" She pointed to a small bassinet that was resting by the side of Tanya's bed. Inside of it was a sleeping baby mouse, covered with mostly dark brown fur, except for a small patch of white on her forehead. She had brown hair. Tanya peered down at her, surprised. \"I don't know,\" she said softly. \"She could be mine.\" \"She does look like you,\" Maria observed. \"Does she have a name?\" Tanya shook her head. \"Then we shall have to give her one,\" Maria declared. \"She's so beautiful,\" Tanya whispered, a few tears springing to her eyes. \"Like a jewel…\" Maria snapped her fingers. \"That's it! Tanya, do you know any jewel names you like?\" Tanya closed her eyes, mentally going over a list of names from that category. But one sparked in her mind, like sudden warmth in the darkness. \"Amber,\" she whispered. \"I've always liked the name 'Amber'…\" \"Then she shall be called Amber!\" Maria declared. \"It's a beautiful name! Now, you two rest. You'll meet Mistress Catherine tomorrow. But if you need anything, don't hesitate to let me know.\" And with that, Maria silently left the room. Now alone, Tanya looked down at the baby resting in the bassinet. She tried to rest, but she kept on asking herself how it was possible to have a baby when she had no memory of it. It didn't make sense. Yet there was no mistake. The baby looked like her. But the last things Tanya could remember were only bits and pieces that flashed before her eyes. Cats were going after her family. She saw Cat R. Waul being captured. She heard his voice in her head. \"Don't worry, I won't hurt you.\" These words, comforting as they were, sent a shiver down her spine…[Chapter 2] Fire in Cold Glow (Revised Edition) By Masked Mouse Edited by LuluCalliope Chapter Two The next morning Tanya awoke to find Maria arriving with a silver tray, which carried a small plate of eggs, a pot of tea, and a jug of milk. \"Morning, Miss Tanya, did you sleep well?\" Maria asked, beaming brightly at her. \"No, for the oddest reason I had a strange dream last night,\" Tanya said, furrowing her brow. \"It was more like a memory I wish to forget,\" Tanya sighed to herself. \"Well, I'm sure you'll feel better once you down some breakfast,\" Maria said. Tanya couldn't help but agree with her new friend. Maybe eating something could help. But she couldn't get that dream out of her head. She still saw her family running away from those awful cats. They trapped her family and gave them terrible wounds. But Tanya knew that hers were worse as she felt the full force of their beating and their deep claws digging into her back as they tried to break her. But that wasn't enough, for her family had ended their lives that day, and she was kept alive knowing that they were the lucky ones. She did not know for what reason she had been allowed to live. And the same injuries were repeated each day and night. And the work that the cats forced her to do for them tired her body out. She remembered that moment when she ran and didn't stop running, not caring how much was bleeding or how bad the stinging pain that ran through her limbs was. And it wasn't fair as somehow her time of suffering was linked to Amber. Tanya stared down at her as the baby slept. \"Still hasn't opened her eyes yet,\" Maria said, and Tanya shook her head. Maria sighed. \"Hmmm, that is a bad sign.\" \"Why is that?\" Tanya asked in alarm. \"If a baby mouse doesn't open its eyes one or two weeks after it is born, then it is usually a stillborn,\" Maria explained sadly. They suddenly heard Amber cry aloud, and they looked down at her. Tanya's heart almost broke as she stared into her daughter's eyes, which were a perfect sky blue, like her own. She felt like crying in sadness, joy, and relief. Amber continued to bawl as Maria lifted her out of the bassinet. \"Where are you taking her?\" Tanya asked, suddenly afraid of losing her. If she lost Amber like she lost the rest of her family, she wouldn't be able to handle it. \"Going to get her weight, don't worry,\" Maria assured her. \"Just eat your breakfast, and I'll bring her back in a moment.\" Tanya listened to her footsteps down the hall. She stared down at the tray, cutting into the first egg slowly before making an attempt to swallow it. She couldn't enjoy it as a huge lump formed deep inside of her chest. But Maria returned, carrying Amber in her arms. \"There you go,\" she said, passing the baby into the arms of her mother. \"She is a healthy baby girl. And she's a fighter, like you…and probably her father. Do you remember him at all, Miss Tanya?\" She shook her head. \"No, I can't remember,\" she said regretfully and sorrowfully. \"You have to, for her sake,\" Maria said, trying to motivate Tanya. Again, she shook her head no. \"What is going on in here, Maria?\" An elderly voice asked from the doorway. Tanya and Maria turned to face a well-dressed old mouse. She was covered in fluffy brown fur streaked with gray. She had dark eyes, and was wearing a purple gown covered with fine jewels. \"Mistress Catherine, this is Tanya, the newcomer I was telling you about,\" Maria piped up. \"And this must be little Amber,\" Mistress Catherine observed, walking over to the bed. \"What do you think we should do?\" Maria asked her. \"I think that Miss Tanya should rest and Amber be given proper care until her mother is ready to take control again,\" Mistress Catherine replied. \"That's a perfect idea!\" Maria exclaimed, clapping her hands together. \"How about we introduce her to the other children now?\" \"There are more?\" Tanya asked in amazement. \"Yes, they are all from young women like you. Almost all of them have been born in the hostel. Yet I don't know…\" \"Don't know what?\" Tanya asked anxiously. \"I'm not sure how they will react to an outside baby mouse,\" Mistress Catherine said. \"Most of these children have known each other for long periods of time, and they all have grown up in the same…environment. Judging by your accent, I'd wager you're not even from America.\" \"No, but I have been living in America for a few years,\" Tanya said. \"I moved here with my family. We were immigrants from Russia.\" She stopped. Talking about her family was still hard for her to do. \"Well, let's give it a try,\" Maria said. \"And I'm sure that even if the children do not like her now, they will in time.\" They helped Tanya get out of bed, and they were all pleasantly surprised to see that she was still steady on her feet, even after her ordeals. They escorted Tanya to a room which had been made into a nursery with lots of cradles and a tiny play pen. Inside of the play pen, many young mice of different shapes, sizes, colors, and genders were playing together. The sounds of giggling entered their ears. They all turned to see Mistress Catherine enter the room. They all ran up to their grandmotherly figure and Maria, who was acting like their nursemaid. They stared as Tanya entered the room, but it wasn't her, it was her daughter. They continued to watch Amber as Mistress Catherine set her down in the play pen. The newcomer smiled at the other mice, but they didn't return this gesture. \"Uh-oh, I was afraid something like this would happen,\" Maria said nervously. Tanya only thought that the other mice found Amber shy, but this theory was proved wrong when the mouse closest to Amber head-butted her. Tanya wanted to gather Amber in her arms and give her the protection she needed, but Mistress Catherine stopped her. \"No, Tanya, it's like Maria said. Give them time so that they may know her better. Don't worry, she is in good hands...\"[Chapter 3] Fire in Cold Glow (Revised Edition) By Masked Mouse Edited by LuluCalliope Chapter Three Five years passed by gradually. Amber had grown into a sweet little girl, but she was still as cute as a button. Tanya doted upon her young daughter, and she made her all sorts of dresses purely out of kindness in her heart. The one that Amber received for one day—her birthday—was red, but not identical to the one Tanya had worn when she was a little girl. It pained Tanya too much to try and make a dress like that. But Amber was contented with the one she was given. \"Oh, Mama, it is so pretty! You really shouldn't have gone to all that trouble,\" Amber told her, hugging her tightly. \"Don't be silly,\" Tanya replied, holding her daughter in her arms. \"You are my daughter, and it is your birthday, after all.\" Even as Tanya embraced her daughter, she couldn't help but notice the background to her daughter's voice. It was Russian, and Tanya had expected it to be, but there was another accent, one that faintly clashed with the other. Tanya always ended up with a headache whenever she tried to figure it out. It was almost as if two different people were a part of Amber. One was trying to help Tanya forget her pain and her dark past, but the other was telling her not to forget, even if it hurt her. Amber should know the truth, the latter said. \"Oh, Mama, I should go! I want to go see Aiden!\" Amber said, shaking her mother out of her thoughts. And Tanya smiled, glad that her daughter had made a friend at last. Tanya had felt awful during those days when Amber was bullied by the other children in the hostel. They kicked at her and called her terrible names for no good reason at all. Tanya had hated it even more than her daughter had, and she felt useless to try and stop it. But Aiden had come along. He was a young rat, roughly three years older than Amber. He had light white fur, a light pink nose, and beautiful emerald green eyes that glistened in the sunlight. He usually wore a white shirt, blue overalls, brown buckle shoes, and a red handkerchief around his neck. He had been responsible for teaching Amber how to fish, and she always thought of him highly. She believed that he knew everything that there was to know ranging from places, faces, and dates. She also was under the impression that he was the best tracker that she had seen in her whole life. (These children were very precocious.) Amber had taken up the habit of meeting him every day by a lake, where they would go fishing together. And now Amber was ready to see him. She gave her mother a fleeting kiss before running out of the tiny hole that served as the main exit to the hostel. She didn't stop running until she made out the figure of her friend sitting on a fallen branch with a makeshift rod in his hands. \"Hey, Am, what took you so long?\" He asked as she sat beside him. \"Oh, it's only my birthday today,\" Amber replied nonchalantly. \"Then happy birthday, Am. I'm sorry I didn't get you a present,\" he said, smirking at her. Amber resisted the urge to playfully punch him in the side. But he handed her a spare rod, and the two watched the calm lake in silence for a while. \"How are things going in the hostel for you and your mother?\" Aiden asked eventually. Amber wished he wouldn't ask that question, but she told him, \"Oh, we're doing fine. My mother's just about ready to start looking for other housing options now that she's completely healthy again.\" \"Why don't you two just come over to my parents' place? We've always got a spare bedroom if needed,\" Aiden said with a smile, sounding almost like a realtor. \"Thanks Aiden,\" she said kindly, \"but my mom says that she hates to be a burden on people. She thinks she has been one on Mistress Catherine for the last five years. And she hates that some of her wounds took that long to heal.\" \"I know you don't like it there,\" he said. He kicked at a small pebble, and it rolled out into the lake with a splash. \"I wish that you would leave that stinking place forever.\" \"I don't think that it's very fair to say things like that,\" Amber scolded lightly. \"Mistress Catherine and Maria have been very good to me and my mother.\" \"Yeah, but nobody else has been,\" he complained. Amber was about to retort, but his gasp interrupted her. His line had snagged on something. \"Hey, Am, I caught one!\" \"What?\" She screeched, standing up and casting her own rod aside. \"We've never caught anything before!\" (And given that they were smaller than most of the inhabitants in New York, this was true.) \"I've got something now!\" He gasped, trying to reel it in. But his line was stuck. \"Careful! It's going to break your line! Pull it in, pull it in!\" Amber hollered, wringing her hands together nervously. \"I'm trying! Help me, Am!\" He shouted, sweating from the effort. She ran up to him. Her attempts to help him were in vain, and they were both pulled off of their feet and into the water. They did manage to paddle back to the bank, where they burst out laughing at the sight of each other. \"Just wait until your mom sees you!\" Aiden choked out as they got to their feet. \"Let's try again,\" Amber said. \"I want to see what you caught.\" Aiden nodded, and much to their surprise, the line wasn't stuck anymore. He reeled it in smoothly. Their faces fell when they saw what they had caught. \"Man, this stinks, it's just a piece of cloth,\" Aiden complained. \"What do you think it is from?\" Amber asked, staring at the brilliant scarlet fabric that was stuck to the end of the rod. Aiden gingerly sniffed it. \"It doesn't smell like a human,\" he said cautiously. He stiffened before shivering a little. \"I know that smell, Amber,\" he said slowly. Amber knew that he used her full name when he was scared, in danger, or both. \"What is it, Aiden?\" She asked with fear in her eyes. \"I'll give you a hint: it's a filthy, no good cat,\" he said. They stared at the cloth and at each other with dread on their faces. \"I think we better go home now,\" he said. He watched her run off in the direction of the hostel. When he was convinced that she was out of harm's way, he scampered towards a different trail, the one that led to his house, the mysterious piece of fabric clenched tightly in his hands…[Chapter 4] Fire in Cold Glow (Revised Edition) By Masked Mouse Edited by LuluCalliope Chapter Four Aiden sighed as he reached the front door of his house. His father had built it underground due to safety reasons. This bothered Aiden mostly, for he liked to watch the world above. He enjoyed watching the sun coming up over New York. But today he didn't mind. The piece of fabric was still causing him to be tense, even after he fell onto the couch. He wished that his mother was home so that he could tell her about what had happened. But she was away at work, and he was left by himself, with nothing but his own thoughts to comfort him… Meanwhile, Amber had reached her home in the hostel. \"Mama, Mama,\" she cried out, running up to Tanya and giving her a hug. \"What is it, my little one? You are freezing! What have you been doing, swimming in the lake?\" She demanded, placing her hand on her daughter's forehead. \"I fell in, Mama! Aiden and I were going fishing!\" \"Oh, Aiden, I swear that boy will end up in a cat's mouth one of these days,\" Tanya muttered to herself, cutting off Amber. \"Now, what were you saying?\" \"He caught something, but his line got stuck and we fell in! Guess what he found, Mama! It was a piece of cat's clothing!\" Tanya stood frozen in shock. \"Cat clothing,\" she repeated faintly. \"What color was it?\" \"It was red, Mama,\" Amber told her, and Tanya gathered her daughter in her arms. Amber could sense the fear in her mother. \"Oh, dear God, he is back,\" Tanya said to herself, shaking with fear. \"Who is back, Mama?\" Amber asked, wondering what her mother meant by that. At that moment Maria appeared to fetch Tanya and her daughter for dinner. Amber went ahead with her, but Tanya stayed, paralyzed with shock. Moments of her last moments with her family flashed before her eyes, as did several images of Cat R. Waul. She shook herself. No, she told herself. Cat R. Waul doesn't know where we are. How could he have found us? And he knows nothing of Amber. I shouldn't think such silly thoughts. And besides, that piece of clothing could have been in the water for several years. The scent must have been washed away. Aiden could have mistaken it for something else…a fish, perhaps, or just a human. Tanya regained her composure. Everything was going to be okay. Nothing was going to happen to her or to Amber. She forced a chipper smile onto her face, and she followed Maria and her daughter for the final meal of the day.[Chapter 5] Fire in Cold Glow (Revised Edition) By Masked Mouse Edited by LuluCalliope Chapter Five Eight years passed for Amber and Tanya in the hostel. Amber had grown more beautiful, and Tanya knew that she was lovelier than the other children. They all continued to torment her, and they made her do pointless, terrible chores. Amber only got a small share of what the other children had, such as toys and clothes. (Her favorite outfit was a short-sleeved white dress with dark shoes.) Meanwhile, Tanya's condition was getting worse instead of better. They hadn't had much luck in trying to relocate, either. Maria did her best to look after them, but it didn't help much. \"How is my mama?\" Amber asked one night. She had just finished sweeping the floors. \"Your mama has a fever,\" Maria grimly told her. \"But try not to worry about it, Miss Amber. We'll do our best. I'm sure she'll get over it quickly.\" \"This is your fault,\" one of the other girls declared haughtily. \"We should have known not to take you in.\" Maria shot her a dark look, and smiled encouragingly at Amber. She felt the hot stream of tears running down her face, even though she wanted to be brave and not show her sadness for her mama. Maybe a visit to see Aiden would help, she thought. She returned to her own room, packing what little belongings she had in a small bag. Most of them consisted of paintbrushes, a drawing pad, and a sewing kit. Had she looked out of the window, she would have seen shadowy figures, and then she would have run to warn the others. But she didn't do that in her haste. The building was suddenly smashed apart by these shadowy figures. All of the mice were sent running in different directions. Amber heard the noises and screams as she laid eyes on the creatures that she had been told to fear: cats. Amber took off running, running faster than she had ever run in her life. But her fear and exhaustion caught up with her, and she fainted. The world around her went black. And she thought that she was going to die. When she came to, Amber was lying in a room that was bigger than any other she had seen before. She was lying on a table, covered with a piece of red cloth that had been fashioned into a blanket. She saw a bowl of water and some cheese beside her. She sat up, wondering where she was. She saw other items in the room. In one corner there was a plush couch by a window that had curtains drawn. Beside the table was a dresser. Amber got up and looked inside of the drawers. They were overflowing with clothes. She stiffened upon hearing the door open. A cat with one good eye entered the room. \"Good, you're awake,\" he told her. \"I am sure we have made you comfortable.\" That sent chills down her spine. The cat left almost as quickly as he had entered, and Amber felt her heart beat out of her chest. She was relieved that the cat hadn't finished her off, but she wondered why. She heard someone moving around in the room. She turned to face it, thinking that it was another mouse being held prisoner. \"Mama, are you there?\" She called out hopefully. But then she saw who it was, and she felt her mouth go dry. It was a cockroach. She had heard of them but had never seen one of them in the flesh. \"Hello,\" Amber told him. \"Hello!\" The cockroach was a nervous, excited mess. He was always twitching and moving about. He was being shocked by strange bolts of electricity in his antennae. \"Eat something; you look hungry and thirsty to me!\" Amber stared at him. But she did sample a little bit of the cheese, and she felt her strength returning slowly. \"What is your name?\" Amber asked. \"Digit, what's yours?\" \"Amber, but my friends call me Am for short,\" she told him, trying to determine whether he was on her side. \"'Amber', that's a beautiful name,\" Digit told her as she took a small sip of the water. \"Digit, do you know why I was brought here?\" Amber asked gently. \"Yes. I'm sorry that I can't tell you, my boss said that I am not allowed to,\" he replied, shaking his head regretfully. Oh, great, Amber thought bitterly. He's on their side. The door opened and the same cat from before entered. \"Is the girl ready? Boss Warren and Boss Cat want to see her.\" \"Yes, she's eaten some of the food and had some of the water,\" Digit told him. \"Good,\" the cat replied. He walked over to the table, holding out his paw for Amber to climb onto. Amber shrank away from it in fear. \"Would it help if I went?\" Digit asked, and Amber nodded gratefully. She didn't know much about this funny little cockroach, but she did feel safer with him in the cat's paw. The cat closed his two paws around them to keep them from falling off. They were carried for a while, and Amber's ears pricked up upon hearing the sound of piano and violin music. She and Digit were uncovered as the cat holding them knocked on a door. The music stopped suddenly. \"What is it?\" A voice called from within, and Amber thought that this person was speaking with a British accent. She wondered if the two people inside were the \"Mister Warren\" and \"Mister Cat\" from before. \"I have the girl with me,\" the cat holding onto Amber and Digit called back. \"Well, bring her in,\" another voice called. Amber could have sworn that she heard this person complaining about his…nose, or something. The door was opened, and Amber looked around the new room. There was a velvet couch. The largest rat Amber had even seen was sitting on it. He was wearing a white shirt, blue trousers, and a blue cape. In the corner of the room there was a piano. There was a cat sitting by it. He had a monocle, and he was dressed in scarlet clothes. \"Leave the girl and be on your way,\" the rat said, watching Amber carefully. Digit jumped off of the paw of the cat, and he ran up to the rat. \"Will that be all?\" The cat that had carried Amber in asked. \"Yes, you have done your bit,\" said the British cat. Amber stared at the two strangers shyly and sadly once the other cat had left. \"How are you finding your visit?\" The cat asked. Amber stared at his clothes, recalling the red fabric that Aiden had pulled from the lake when they were children. This cat was wearing an outfit made from fabric exactly like that. Amber remained silent, telling herself that she had to be brave for her mother…[Chapter 6] Fire in Cold Glow (Revised Edition) By Masked Mouse Edited by LuluCalliope Chapter Six Meanwhile, Aiden arrived at the hostel. He had hoped that he could just drop by for a casual visit…but then he saw the mess that the cats left behind. He whistled. \"Man, I missed the fun. It started without me,\" he muttered to himself. His wry sense of humor slowly disappeared as he searched the rooms, looking for Amber and Tanya. All of the other mice were there, slowly getting back on their feet and running to comfort each other. But a feeling of panic came as he realized that only two mice were missing. \"Tanya, Am, where are you?\" He called as he ran through the rooms. \"In here,\" Tanya's voice answered him. He found her hiding in the corner of the kitchen, trembling with shock and fear. A cough escaped her lips. \"Tanya, what happened in here?\" Aiden asked as he crouched down beside her. She had been sick before, but now her condition had gotten worse. \"Where's Amber?\" Aiden asked, looking around desperately. \"It was…cats,\" Tanya told him, choking on a sob and a cough. \"They came here. They took…her. They took my baby…and I couldn't stop them.\" She burst into tears. Aiden shook his head. \"It wasn't your fault, Tanya,\" he told her grimly, once again inspecting the damage done. A sense of determination gripped him, and he said with confidence, \"I'll find her. I'll bring Amber back.\" And with that, he rushed off. Tanya watched him, and she shook her head. There was something about his attitude that reminded her of Fievel, her younger brother. And in spite of her hysterics, she smiled feebly. Aiden arrived at his house. He didn't know where to go, but his house would do nicely for starters. There were a few items that he needed to collect from there. He nearly collided with an older rat as he entered. She was wearing a purple dress, and she looked like the female equivalent of him, except for the minor differences. \"Aiden Robert Ratter, what has gotten into you?\" She demanded of him, placing her hands on her hips. She followed him inside, watching him dash around and tear the rooms apart. \"Sorry, Mom, I just have to get some things,\" he replied, not looking at her. \"Where did Dad keep his staff and slingshot?\" \"Why do you need those things?\" Camilla Ratter demanded of her son. The staff was a long wooden stick made of a fine oak. It was allegedly the perfect weapon for those who wanted to challenge cats in battle. The same could be said about the slingshot. \"What would your father think if he saw you using them for silly reasons?\" Aiden bit his lip as he remembered the day he found out that his father had been killed by cats. He tried to push that feeling aside as he continued his search. \"It's Amber,\" he said, opening several drawers and tearing through the contents. \"She was taken by some cats at the hostel, and I'm going to find her.\" \"What? How do you know?\" Camilla asked, shocked. \"The hostel is a mess. Tanya told me what happened,\" Aiden replied, examining all of the drawers that he had checked previously. \"Why would anyone want to take a sweet girl like her?\" Camilla wondered bitterly. \"That's what I'm going to find out,\" Aiden said, a fierce look in his eyes. Camilla noticed it, and she chuckled a little. \"There's no stopping you, is there?\" She asked. \"They're hung over the mantle, as always.\" Aiden looked up from the mess he had made and saw the items over the fireplace. \"And if you are going to go into the belly of the beast with those items, be sure to wear your father's cloak. And when you come back, you and Amber had better be in one piece. Is that understood?\" Camilla asked with a strict demeanor. \"Thanks, Mom,\" Aiden whispered. He and his mother shared one last embrace before he ran off into the dangers that awaited him.[Chapter 7] Fire in Cold Glow (Revised Edition) By Masked Mouse Edited by LuluCalliope Chapter Seven Amber had refused to speak to the cats. She hadn't answered the British cat when he had asked her about how she was finding her stay…not until he placed one of his claws under her chin in a threatening manner. She gulped as she felt the sharpness of it touch her skin. \"How are you finding your stay?\" He repeated. \"I'm not going to ask you again.\" \"You did, just now,\" Amber pointed out meekly. \"Don't talk back,\" the rat warned. Amber ignored this outburst and answered the cat's question. \"Digit has been really helpful,\" she told him, and the cat removed his claw. She sighed in relief, but gasped as she was lifted up by one of them. They carried her into another room. There was a table in here, and it had a bowl of water on it. She was stripped off her dress and shows and then thrown into the water. She was held under the water for a long period of time, and she kicked, desperate and scared to reach the surface. She felt relief when fresh air entered her lungs, but also humiliation and misery. She was wrapped up in a new dress—white cloth with tattered green fabric—and she was once again carried into a different room. This one resembled a kitchen. She was placed down on the floor, and she desperately looked around for a way to escape. \"This is now your home, little mouse, and that is how it shall stay,\" the rat told her as he left with the cat. Amber heard the door lock. She shivered as she realized that the fire was burning low. She found a small pile of wood in a basket and ran up to it. She tugged hard on it as she struggled to get one log. As she did, she got the shock of her life: a huge spider was staring straight at her. \"What's a tasty snack like you doing in my neck of the woods?\" It asked. Amber screamed and dashed away, hiding behind a table for safety. She heard footsteps approaching and the door unlocked. \"Chula, may I say that this girl is not for eating? She must be kept alive,\" she heard the British cat saying. \"Don't worry, my dear, he won't hurt you.\" The door locked again. Amber wondered about why she was so important to them. It just didn't make sense. She went back to work, doing the difficult task of dragging a piece of wood into the fire. She then scurried up the table leg. She saw a few items laid out: a knife, some food, and a board. \"Is this why they brought me here?\" Amber asked herself, \"To be their personal slave?\" She picked up the knife and carefully brought it down on a piece of cheese. She closed her eyes, afraid that she would accidentally cut herself instead. Amber opened her eyes, saw that she was still alright, and continued the process. When she was done, night had approached. She collapsed from exhaustion as she heard the door unlock. She was only vaguely aware of being carried into another room and being tucked into a makeshift bed. She didn't wake up, but she tossed and turned in her sleep. And she had nightmares. She was running from danger on a cold, dark night. She found that her only way out was being blocked by a cat. She began bleeding badly and she collapsed as mocking laughter reached her ears. \"Aiden, Aiden!\" She called out hopelessly. And there was a dark voice that told her that Aiden couldn't hear her and that she belonged to the cats and that was how it was going to stay. She awoke to a dark room. She called out quietly for Digit but received no answer. As her eyes adjusted to the darkness, she saw two peculiar objects resting on the dresser. They looked like…the rat's nose and ears. She stared at them in confusion, afraid and curious… Aiden ran through the streets, exhausted but determined. \"Amber! Amber!\" He called out repeatedly. He felt raindrops pound down on him as a storm began. A strong gust of wind knocked him over, and he collapsed. \"I will find you, Amber,\" he said softly to himself. \"I promise.\"[Chapter 8] Fire in Cold Glow (Revised Edition) By Masked Mouse Edited by LuluCalliope Chapter Eight Aiden woke with a yawn and a stretch as the warm rays of the sun dried his soaked body. He had had an uncomfortable rest, given that he had slept on solid ground using his father's cloak as a blanket. He stood up, collapsed, and then got to his feet again. His nose told him that there was food nearby, and his mouth watered. Aiden shook his head furiously. \"No,\" he told himself, \"no matter how hungry and tired I am I won't stop until Amber is safe with her mother.\" Still, his stomach made a huge rumbling noise. He hadn't had anything to eat yesterday afternoon or last night. And he hadn't packed any food for the long trip. He felt a chain around his neck. He clasped his hand around the half of a heart charm. \"Oh, Am, where are you?\" Aiden said to himself. The heart charm was a friendship charm that Amber had bought when they were younger. She had broken it in half on one of their adventures. \"Aiden, you keep one half, and I'll keep the other,\" Amber had told him. \"As long as we wear them, we are together. If we are apart, we'll find a way back.\" \"But Am, you shouldn't,\" Aiden had said, moved by her generosity. \"Don't mention it,\" she had told him. \"It will bring good luck when you least expect it.\" Aiden felt sadness reaching his heart. \"I hope that day is now,\" he told himself. Meanwhile, Amber got dressed, the question from last night still burning inside of her. She had to find Warren to ask him. She searched the whole place for him looking for him without bumping into any cats. Still, she couldn't find him in any of the rooms. Then she found him talking to Cat R. Waul. She couldn't hear much of what they were saying, but what she did hear sounded important. Amber decided to wait until Warren wasn't with Cat. \"Even if he has the manners of a gentleman,\" Amber told herself, \"a cat is still a cat.\" So she headed off to the kitchen to start her work. She spotted Chula and Digit on the table, and they seemed to be arguing. \"It can't be done, it simply can't,\" Digit said angrily. \"And why not?\" Chula asked, annoyed by the cockroach. \"Because what if she isn't ready? It will break her heart,\" Digit replied, and Amber realized that they were talking about her. She moved forward quickly. They didn't hear her light footsteps. \"Yeah, right,\" Chula said, \"you are only defending her because you're the only one that she can trust!\" Amber saw Digit fuming, and she rushed to his side when Chula threw a web at him. She also felt the sticky thread tangle around her, trapping her. \"What is going on in here?\" Cat R. Waul demanded, entering the room. \"Nothing, boss, just some harmless fun,\" Chula answered as the cat towered over them. The spider ran off as the cat stared at the only two left: Digit and Amber. \"It was his fault, he started it,\" Digit protested as he broke free of the web. \"I will deal with you later, Digit!\" The cat yelled, and Digit took one last sad look at Amber before he ran off. Amber shook in fear, thinking that it was her turn to face the cat's wrath and that she was going to get it now. But, oddly enough, he picked her up in his hand, helping her out of the web. She wondered why he wasn't angry with her. And then she felt his free hand stroking her. \"Now, my dear, he won't bother you anymore, Miss,\" he told her. \"It's Amber, just Amber,\" she replied quietly. \"Don't you have a last name?\" He asked, and she shook her head. \"I saw you talking to Warren earlier,\" Amber said. \"What were you talking about?\" \"Now, my dear Amber, we mustn't let that trouble your young mind,\" Cat R. Waul told her, placing her back on the ground before walking out. She shook her head at this. And she began to sweep the floors, trailing the huge cloth along behind her. The sun was setting by the time she was finished. She saw one of the cats enter to carry her off back to Warren's room, probably to rest. Amber didn't mind. She was glad to sleep under her cozy blanket. But she noticed that she was being carried to a different room, one that looked like a huge dining room with human-sized chairs. Amber was placed in between the two main seats—and in between Warren and Cat—and she was given a thimble filled with water and a piece of cheese. She nibbled her food slowly, listening to what the two were saying. \"How was business today?\" The cat asked the rat. \"Slow, but we're getting there,\" Warren replied. Amber tried to figure out what they were saying, but curiosity got the better of her, and she had to know about what she saw last night. \"Warren?\" She asked, staring up at him as the other two stared back. \"I woke up last night and I saw something very unusual.\" \"What was that?\" Warren asked. \"I saw your ears and nose on the dresser. I thought that that might sound strange. But do you have a shedding problem?\" Amber asked innocently. \"A shedding problem?\" He echoed, shocked. \"Yes,\" Amber said, getting carried away. \"I knew a younger mouse back at the hostel, and she had a shedding problem. Her fur kept coming out in tufts and tufts…\" She was cut off when Warren threw her onto the table, nearly strangling her in the process. \"Warren! Calm down! Control yourself!\" Cat R. Waul said, trying to soothe the rat. \"I don't care! I will tear her to pieces for what she saw!\" Warren declared. Cat got her quickly out of harm's way before handing her to another cat. \"Take Miss Amber out of here at once,\" he ordered, and the other cat nodded and brought Amber back to his room, where Digit was waiting. \"What happened, Amber? I heard all the fuss,\" he said, noticing the scared look in her eye. \"Warren tried to kill me,\" she said in a small, frightened voice that was barely a whisper. She rubbed her neck. \"I was just asking him a question about his nose and ears, and all of a sudden, he attacks me.\" \"He is just…a little sensitive about that subject,\" Digit told her. \"Be careful next time.\" \"There won't be a next time,\" Amber declared. \"I'm getting out of here tonight!\" \"I'm afraid that's impossible,\" Digit said. \"They have all of the cats on patrol, so it's hopeless.\" \"I need to know why I was brought here in the first place,\" Amber said gently to the one person who had shown her any real kindness. \"And I need to know the truth.\" Digit sighed. \"All right, I'll tell you,\" he said reluctantly. \"Here's the truth….\" A/N: Whew! Crazy weekend and I actually got ANOTHER part-time job! AHH! Please vote on the poll, and leave a review! :)[Chapter 9] Fire in Cold Glow: Revised Edition By Masked Mouse Edited by LuluCalliope Chapter Nine \"You are the niece of this kid—Fievel—that humiliated my boss and Cat R. Waul a long time ago,\" Digit confessed. \"They never forgave him for that so years later they found him and his family. They were trapped and captured, but there was one small flaw in the plan.\" \"What was that?\" Amber asked, hardly daring to believe what she was hearing. \"You and your mother,\" Digit explained. \"Both of you lived, yet we never formally found the answer out.\" \"Maybe another mouse risked their own neck for us,\" Amber said softly. \"No, we know that Cat R. Waul, he let her go,\" Digit said. \"He did what?\" Amber asked, wide-eyed at that. \"Yeah, you never expected that one coming did you? It was your mother's Siren voice that probably saved your lives,\" Digit explained. Amber's heart was beating fast. She had never known any of this. \"The only thing troubling us is how you were born,\" Digit continued. \"I guess we're stuck on the same question, then,\" Amber said glumly, \"for I have been wondering about who my papa could be. Every night in the hostel I dream of him.\" \"Aw, you poor thing,\" Digit said sympathetically. \"I don't want to trouble you with my problems,\" Amber said. And then she thought of Aiden. She didn't want the cats to attack him, and she hoped that he was okay. She held her hand tightly over her half of the silver heart charm. \"Hey, that is a pretty piece of jewelry,\" Digit observed, and Amber beamed slightly at the compliment. \"Why is there only half of the heart?\" \"Oh, it is a friendship heart,\" Amber explained. \"I have one half of the heart, and my friend Aiden has the other half. Together they form one whole heart.\" \"Whoa, this Aiden guy must be pretty special to you,\" Digit said, smiling a little. \"He is. He is kind, brave, fun to be around, adventurous, and always there to lend a hand,\" Amber said wistfully. \"I'm guessing he means a lot more to you than a friend,\" Digit said, seeing the look on her face. Amber shook her head. At that moment, the door opened, and Amber hid under the blanket of her bed in case Warren was still in his bad mood. All Amber heard from him were the sounds of him getting ready for bed. She gave a sigh of relief as she came out of hiding. She saw that she was now alone, and that she had to get out of there. Aiden and her mother were probably worried for her safety. And she hoped that her mother's sickness hadn't gotten worse since she had left. But, deep in her heart, she knew that Aiden was searching for her. She remembered the words of a song her mother had taught her when she was younger, and she thought that singing would help keep her optimistic. \"Somewhere out there Beneath the pale moonlight Someone's thinking of me and loving me tonight…\" Aiden felt that Amber was close by. He also remembered the words of Tanya's special song. She had sung it to her daughter every night. He thought that singing perhaps would help him. \"Somewhere out there Someone's saying a prayer That we'll find one another in that big somewhere out there…\" Amber thought that she could sense Aiden. Her heart beat fast with joy. \"And when the night wind starts to sing a lonesome lullaby It helps to think that we're sleeping under the same big sky Somewhere out there If love can see us through Then we'll be together somewhere out there Out where our dreams come true…\" She heard someone behind her, and she turned to face Warren. She wondered how long he had been standing there and listening. \"What do you think you are doing?\" He demanded, staring at her coldly.[Chapter 10] Fire in Cold Glow: Revised Edition By Masked Mouse Edited by LuluCalliope Chapter Ten \"I was only singing; I wasn't doing anything wrong,\" Amber said meekly, turning away from the window to face him. \"It might be singing to you, but it is a dangerous thing,\" Warren said in that same cold tone. Amber was confused as to what was so dangerous about that. But she didn't have time to think about that as she saw Warren reach out to grab her. Amber ran in the nick of time as she caught his nose instead. She gasped as she saw it get pulled off of his face. Amber gasped, and Warren hastily put it back on. \"You saw nothing, got it?\" He said to her, and she nodded. He did pick her up, and she quickly thought about where she was being taken now. They walked down a long corridor and down the same flight of stairs from before. She heard the familiar sound of piano music. She realized that Cat R. Waul was still up. Warren entered a room without knocking, and the piano music ceased. \"Warren, what is the meaning of this?\" Cat R. Waul demanded, standing up from the piano. \"The girl, I caught her at it,\" Warren explained harshly. \"Caught her at what?\" Cat R. Waul asked, annoyed. \"Singing is a bad sign indeed,\" Warren said, and Cat raised an eyebrow at him, confused. \"What's so terrible about singing?\" He asked. \"Because she is a mouse, she has no right to be singing,\" Warren explained. \"Well, why not? If a cat can sing, then so can a mouse,\" Cat said. \"Now hand her over to me. I will be the judge of whether she is allowed to sing or not.\" Warren did what he was told. \"Fine, go ahead, now I am off to bed,\" he said, annoyed. He left the room, slamming the door behind him. As soon as they were alone, Cat put Amber on top of the piano and returned to the seat. \"Now, Amber, let's see what all the fuss was about,\" he said to her. Amber shook her head sadly. \"I don't think I can sing,\" she said modestly. \"Nonsense,\" he replied. Soon he started to play. Amber felt the music take her to another world where she could be free with Aiden, Tanya, and no cats in sight. Suddenly Amber's voice opened and she began to sing. Her voice sounded like nightingales flying into the night sky. She danced to the rhythm before the music stopped. She felt herself being lifted up, and she shivered in fear, thinking she was in trouble. But she felt him stroking her, and she realized that she wasn't in trouble. \"You simply have your mother's gift for singing. You shall not hide away what she gave you.\" \"There is nothing special about me,\" Amber insisted. \"I am just a mouse that got caught up with a bunch of cats.\" \"But you are special, Amber,\" Cat told her. \"And we do everything to keep the ones we care for.\" She shivered in fear. It was dark everywhere, and Amber was left alone in the room. She had to get out and warn Aiden, her mother, and everyone else about the rest of the cats. She had two ways of escaping. The first was to slip out under the door and risk getting recaptured. Amber shook her head. There was another way: the window. She raced over to it, and it opened on her third attempt. She looked down. It was a long way down, and she could have broken her neck if she wasn't careful. She needed something to use as a rope. Her gaze fell on the curtain. She scurried over to it and tore enough of it off to use as a rope. She hung the torn piece over the window sill as she began her descent, making sure she was careful with her footing. She hoped she wasn't too late. Editor's Note: It's me, LuluCalliope, and I have a special request for those who are responsible for the two hundred and seventy-three visits to this story... REVIEW! Tell us what you think about the changes! Is it too long? Too short? Do you prefer the original version? Does anybody else want ice cream? Or go to my profile and look at the poll! Please? :)[Chapter 11] Fire in Cold Glow: Revised Edition By Masked Mouse Edited by LuluCalliope Chapter Eleven Amber finally reached the ground, and she started to run. She didn't make it very far before she got tangled up with someone. Fearing it was one of the cats, she started to kick. \"No, I'm not going back!\" She said. \"You cannot make me!\" \"Hey, Am, it is alright, it's me!\" A familiar voice said. Amber knew who it was at once, and she threw herself into the speaker's arms. \"Aiden, I knew you would come,\" Amber said happily, but soon fear returned to her. \"We have to get out of here, and go back and warn the others.\" As soon as the words were out of her mouth, dark shadows appeared as the cats emerged. \"Amber, get some stones!\" Aiden said, handing her his father's sling shot. At that moment Aiden was flung to the side as one of the cats sank his claws into his side, wounding him. Amber tried to go to him, but she felt herself being lifted. \"Don't worry, I'll take care of you,\" said the cat who was holding her. Aiden managed to break free and bring his father's staff down on the cat's tail, which made him drop Amber. She quickly got to her feet, collecting as many stones as she could find. She aimed at the cat closest to Aiden, and she hit him on the nose. It wasn't happy one bit with her. Finally, Amber couldn't handle anymore, and everything went black. She woke up in a dark room. She was wrapped up in a blanket made of thin cloth. She felt something soft move beside her. \"Aiden,\" she said softly, recognizing him after he groaned and winced. She held him close. Suddenly Aiden leaned over and kissed Amber on the lips. The kiss lasted for what seemed like an hour before Aiden pulled away, panting. \"Sorry, Am,\" Aiden apologized. \"It's okay,\" she said, smiling. \"I liked it.\" They were both silent after that. Amber tried not to cry, but she wanted to for many reasons. She thought of her mother and of her sickness. She hoped that she hadn't gotten worse. As she heard the sound of rain pouring down, she got an idea. She nudged Aiden softly. \"What is it, Am?\" He asked. \"Do you hear that?\" She said to him. \"It's raining, and if there's one thing that cats hate, it's water.\" \"But we might get caught in the storm, too,\" he pointed out. \"You're right, Aiden, but we can't just sit here doing nothing!\" Amber said. \"Wait, listen,\" Aiden whispered. The two kept quiet long enough to hear a cat hissing at someone or something before an object was smashed against a wall. \"Whoa,\" Aiden said. \"Someone has sure upset them big time.\" Amber nodded. ","Summary":" Fire in Cold Glow (Revised Edition) By Masked Mouse Edited by LuluCalliope Chapter One The wind was"},{"Movie":"Magnificent Seven","Title":"Heart Like a Wildflower","Author":"ThyBirdofHermesIsMyName","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12831051","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello Hello! Hermes here. I just want to lay down some facts for you before you get started on this chapter. This is a work of fanfiction. I don't own the Magnificent Seven (though that would be nice) or any of its characters! I do own my characters. The title is actually a variant of the title of a Poem by the esteemed Nikita Gill. Please be gentle with me in this story, this is my first story in a long time, and one of the few instances where I've written POC in any way, shape or form. I'll do my best to do them and their perspectives justice, but I'm super white, so I might fail. Any advice on that end is very much appreciated! And finally, if you're reading this, let me know how I can improve. I'm always up for some constructive criticism. I hope you are blessed with a heart like a wildflower. Strong enough to rise again after being trampled upon, tough enough to weather the worst of the summer storms, and able to grow and flourish even in the most broken places. - Hearts Like Wildflowers, Hearts Like Yours Nikita Gill \"Excuse me, would you be Ms. Tessa Newell?\" Tessa blinked in surprise, just once and tipped her hat back to get a clear look at the man addressing her. She'd known exactly when he'd set foot on the boardinghouse porch of course. It had become a habit to not let her guard down in towns, especially when she was alone. So when he'd made his way over to her, she braced herself for some comment on the thickness of her book (or her wearing pants). She had not expected to be addressed by name. \"May I ask who wants to know?\" she returned, shutting her book a little regretfully. \"My name is Sam Chisolm, duly sworn warrant officer in Kansas and six other states, and I have a business propistion for you, if you'd care to hear it.\" He didn't hold out his hand to shake. But that was to be expected, given his color. The west might not care as much as the South if you were colored, but they sure seemed to care when a black man and a white woman interacted. Tessa nodded slowly and gestured for him to continue, watching him with calculating grey eyes. \"I've been hired by Mrs. Cullen to rid the town of Rose Creek of a low down murdering scum named Bartholomew Bogue.\" He gestured to a slender, pale woman on a sorrel mare several feet away from the porch. \"I'm assembling a team of men to do just that.\" \"I'm not a man.\" Tessa pointed out blithely, giving Mrs. Cullen and her nervous looking friend a lazy salute. \"No,\" Chisolm agreed just as bland. \"But you and your brothers have made a bit of a name for yourselves. I hear you have a head for strategy.\" \"That's an interesting way of putting it.\" Tessa snorted and rolled to her feet. \"Tell me Mr. Chisolm, duly sworn warrant officer in seven states. How'd you hear about us, and who told you my name? I make a point of not giving out my given name to too many people.\" There was a smile on her face, but she didn't let it reach her eyes. This Chisolm fellow didn't seem like a bad man, but then again, many of them didn't. She could think of maybe a handful of people she'd told her first name to. For his part he bore her scrutiny with a placid calm that she nearly envied. It was much better than hers, but then he'd probably had a lot more practice. \"I passed through a small town name of Bedrock in Nebraska six months ago. Heard about that business with the Turning's gang.\" He tipped his chin, a faint gesture that seemed to carry a lot of weight. \"That was a handy trick for three people to pull off, especially when one of them is a woman.\" The backhanded compliment made her twitch, but she let it pass. Some things happened too often to argue every time they came up. She'd long grown used to her brothers getting credited for her ideas. \"And Miss Hattie Braum had a lot to say about you,\" he added as if only just recalling. Tessa felt the tension she hadn't realized she'd been carrying ease out of her shoulders. Hattie Braum's name was as good as gold in her book. \"And how is the good Miss Hattie?\" she asked fondly. The first hint of smile touched the corner of Chisolm's mouth. \"She's as fiery as ever.\" The smile vanished. \"Think you could stand to hear a few details about this job now?\" \"I suppose I could,\" Tessa smirked unrepentantly. Chisolm dipped his head, either ignoring or unaware of her sass. \"Bogue is a man with a lot of money and power. He wants the people of Rose Creek gone.\" \"Why is he fixated on Rose Creek?\" Tessa tapped her book thoughtfully on her leg. \"Gold mine.\" Chisolm explained. \"He owns it, but he wants the town, down to the nails and boards. Doesn't seem to care too much if people want to sell or no. His agents have murdered more than a few people, Mrs. Cullen's husband included, for refusing to move.\" Part of her wanted to ask why not go? But she knew the answer. The west was first generation, grassroots efforts. People who came out west left everything behind and it was very much do or die. Some got lucky, some didn't. Regardless, you didn't just leave the land you toiled for. She eyed Mrs. Cullen who returned the study dispassionately. She didn't look pleased with Tessa, but that wasn't anything new. \"How many men do you have?\" \"Me, one other. Three more if you and your brothers agree.\" Chisolm responded promptly, no hint of coercion in his tone. \"It sounds like suicide.\" Tessa pointed out, but she knew where she was leaning in that moment. Chisolm nodded slowly and scrubbed a hand on his chin as if gathering the words he wanted. \"Everyone dies.\" he offered eventually. Tessa stared. She laughed. She liked this man. The first step was to see her brothers. Nick and Joe had bee-lined for the saloon as soon as they'd hit town, but that was no surprise. They needed to unwind after hunting down that fool Harper man. Three weeks in the bush would do any man a turn. Tessa shook her head to clear it, mind already ticking over the things they'd need-but that was getting ahead of herself. If Nick and Joe didn't want to go, then they wouldn't. Chisolm hadn't seemed concerned about that little fact when she'd told him so. Maybe he assumed they'd be as on board as Tessa already was. The smell of the saloon hit her before Tessa clapped eyes on her wayward little brothers, a thick haze of alcohol fumes and cigar smoke. It wasn't pleasant, a thick snarl of taste of the back of her tongue. The boys would smell of it for days after...Tessa paused on the top step as the copper-sweet scent of blood slid across the back of her throat. Slate grey eyes narrowed as she studied the windows, the stretch of floor she could see beyond the swinging doors. One hand drifted to the gun on her left hip and she calmly stepped inside. It wasn't like the movies. No one spared her a glance. There were other things to worry about. As soon as she'd assured herself her brothers were fine Tessa indulged in an incredulous study of the bar. Bullet holes, broken glass, splashed whiskey (that accounted for the powerful smell at the very least) and splash of blood on the floor from some unlucky bystander painted a very strange picture. She tipped her chin to a bemused looking man who looked to be new at the whole bartending business and made her way to her brothers. Nick and Joe sat with the air of men who'd seen violence and weren't too bothered by its aftereffects. It was the beards, she decided. It made them both look much older than their mid-twenties ages. Joe still had that unwrinkled sweetness around his tawny eyes, though, if one looked beyond the mountain-man scruff. \"Tessie,\" Nick saluted her with some brown substance. It must not have tasted very good, because he looked faintly sour about the whole thing. \"Nicky,\" she returned sweetly, eyeing a chair dubiously before sinking into it. \"What went on here?\" \"Must have been an exciting book if you didn't hear the noise of murder.\" Joe snorted, nursing his own brown substance. Tessa's sooty lashes fanned wide in surprise, under one sardonically curved brow. \"I missed a murder?\" \"A bounty killing.\" Nick cut in. Ah, that accounted for his sour-milk face. Tessa felt a little sour herself. \"Who? Who did we miss?\" \"Man by the name of Powder Dan.\" Joe replied cheerfully. He ignored his siblings glares. \"Some black guy strolled on in and took out half the saloon. We covered him of course. Well, us and some tall ginger.\" Tessa blinked. \"Some black man-\" \"I can't believe we missed a bounty. We had the warrant!\" Nick muttered bitterly into his empty glass. \"It wasn't that much money anyway,\" Joe consoled his brother. Tessa sank back in her chair torn between amusement and annoyance. No wonder Chisolm hadn't seemed too concerned about her brothers agreeing; if anything, he was concerned about her agreeing. And he'd neglected to mention he talked to them first. She tapped her chin while her brothers argued. Why he hadn't said anything was suspect. He'd mentioned Hattie Braum, even though he'd talked to her siblings. A name drop which accomplished something-he'd won her over without too much effort. A smile curved her lips. \"He's entirely too smart for his own good.\" Tessa mused aloud. Then, louder: \"What do you say boys? Shall we go fight tyranny and win the day?\" \"Might as well.\" Joe nodded, eyes warm and molten gold with his smile. \"No one uses the word shall anymore.\" Nick informed her, which was as good an agreement as they'd get out of him while he was grumpy. Tessa shared an amused glance with the youngest Newell sibling and pushed to her feet. \"Let's go then. I want to leave in the next half hour. Let Chisolm know will you Joe? He's over by the boardinghouse still, I should think.\"[Chapter 2] Hello! Hermes here. As always, I only own my OC's (and Scratch.) Okay, so the first chapter was a tad rough, but Dalonega Noquisi seemed to like it! Many thanks to my first reviewer. I'm sorry this took so long to update, but I'm still not satisfied with the first chapter. The second one is ironing out a bit of the kinks, stretching new muscles and so on. I hope people can get past it! Chapter title is taken from Terry Pratchett's The Wee Free Men and you'll find Tessa quoting those witches quite a bit. But due diligence, I will always tell who and where I got the quote from, if it isn't mine. That being said, ON WITH THE SHOW! And let me know what you think! :) \"Them as can do has to do for them as can't. And someone has to speak up for them as has no voices.\" -Terry Pratchett, The Wee Free Men The makeshift stable was empty enough that Tessa felt she could freely discuss the days events with Scratch, her mule, and not be ridiculed. The scarred and angry animal was a good listener, when he wasn't pouring water in her boots. Her long black braid fell over her shoulder as she leaned over and tightened the saddle girth once he bothered to let out the breath he was holding. \"Eventually you will stop doing that.\" she informed him, flipping aforementioned braid back into position. Scratch didn't dignify that with a response, gnawing half heartedly at the remains of the oats in his nosebag (muzzle). \"Degenerate,\" she murmured affectionately, and checked the straps on her saddle bags. \"Tess.\" Tessa glanced up from her work and cocked a questioning eyebrow to Joe lolling in the doorway. \"Chisolm's in the boarding house, he wants to talk to us before we get going anywhere.\" \"Ah.\" Tessa patted Scratch's broad forehead and led the crotchety animal out into the sunlight. \"...Do you think we're doing the right thing?\" she asked after a few paces. \"The probability of us surviving this is...well low.\" Joe cast a long glance at her and flipped the ever present piece of silver he always had on him. The metal chimed and flashed twice before he answered, as they made their way to the boarding house Nick had just checked them out of. \"I don't know. I think so,\" he said finally. He easily dodged a stray hoof from Scratch as Tessa tied him to the hitching post. \"It's like...if we do nothing, aren't we just saying it's alright? How do you always put it?\" \"By our silence we give our agreement,\" Tessa offered. \"That's the one,\" Joe flipped the coin again. Paused. \"I mean we could go and find another bounty. Got word of a vaquero running from the law, we could go hunting and no one would blame us. Hell, out here, it's every man for themselves. No one expects us to go play hero.\" The thought didn't sit right with her and Tessa frowned. \"I would blame us.\" Her lion colored brother grinned sweet-and-easy, \"I know. I wouldn't feel too right about it myself you know?\" he admitted. \"I talked a bit to Teddy Q, that's the man Mrs. Cullen is traveling with, and he told me all about the situation. It's a regular dominance play by a man far too used to getting his way. I mean, he offered farmers twenty dollars per land deed! The man is a snake. It just,\" the coin flashed once. \"Don't seem right to leave them like that.\" She couldn't stop herself from grinning at the scowl on Joe's face. Her rough and tough little brother might not like to admit it, but he was very much a romantic. \"All right Don Quixote we're going.\" she teased. \" I never said anything about leaving them to it. As I like to say, \"Them as can do-\" \"-must do for them as cannot\" I know, I know,\" Joe rolled his eyes and playfully offered his arm to her as they walked up the boardinghouse steps. Tessa socked him in the ribs for his cheek. He guffawed loud enough to startle Mrs. Cullen and Teddy Q as they walked into the front room. Nick shook his head from his seat but kept his peace, by now used to their antics (as if he didn't join in on occasion Tessa thought spitefully), but Mrs. Cullen didn't look too pleased. She did hold her tongue. Teddy Q did not. \"Kind of you to join us Mr. and Mrs. Newell.\" he muttered, just shy of actually confronting them. Tessa's eyebrows hiked towards her scalp and she traded an amused glance with Nick; Joe did not restrain himself to that. He snorted and started giggling like a child. \"Now, Mr. Newell,\" Tessa began severely, causing Nick to erupt in a series of painful sounding coughes. \"And you too Mr. Newell , kindly show some decorum. We've got business to settle.\" Teddy Q looked plainly confused while a thoughtful frown crossed Mrs. Cullen's pale brow. Chisolm restrained himself to merely glancing up at the ceiling as if the rough boards held the answers he needed. Ignoring her ridiculous kinfolk the short woman glanced down at the rough map on the table. \"I take it this is your town Mrs. Cullen?\" \"Yes.\" Whatever the woman felt for her personally was put aside as she got down to business. \"As I was explaining to Mr. Chisolm, here is the mine Bogue owns, and here's the town.\" She pointed out the features. \"The only way in is over here, through the valley floor, and the road in and out is to the west.\" \"Is there only one road in and out?\" \"Yes.\" Mrs. Cullen affirmed. \"You're sure?\" Tessa pinned her with a gimlet eye. \"No game trails, no back ways for bootleggers? No way for someone to sneak up on us?\" An expression of almost comical distaste came on her face and Mrs. Cullen's chin jutted forward sharply. \"We are not those sort of people, Mrs. Newell.\" \"It's Ms . Newell, Mrs. Cullen, and I can assure you, there's always one or two who circumvent the law.\" Tessa dryly corrected. She arched an eyebrow, looking between the two farmers. \"Well?\" \"There's one or two game trails,\" Teddy Q offered, almost shyly, after a moment. He looked apologetic, though to which woman Tessa couldn't begin to guess. \"But it's tough terrain for a small group on foot, let alone the army Bogue is bringing.\" Rocking back on her heels, Tessa mulled that over. \"Where's he coming from?\" \"Sacramento,\" Mrs. Cullen offered stiffly. \"If he's as rich as you've made him out to be then he has a lot of hired gun yes?\" \"Blackstone agents,\" Chisolm cut in. \"A lot of them if what Mrs. Cullen says is correct.\" Tessa nodded thoughtfully. \"Has he left men in the town?\" \"The sherriffs on his payroll,\" offered Teddy Q darkly. \"And he always leaves a few Blackstone agents to enforce things.\" There was a slight emphasis placed on his words that Tessa didn't miss. There was little doubt what kinds of things these Blackstone agents enforced. But she let it pass, unwilling to give up her train of thought as she traced the large blank spaces of the valley floor. \"What's this land used for?\" Mrs. Cullen and Teddy Q exchanged a puzzled glance over her bent head, while Chisolm looked on thoughtfully. \"It's the towns land. No one farms it. It's to built on one day, when the town is a bit bigger,\" said Teddy Q. Tessa tapped the map once and glanced from Joe to Chisolm. \"Are we heading directly to Rose Creek?\" \"No. Got a few more men in mind I want to ask to join.\" Chisolm explained, looking almost curious. \"And when is Bogue coming back for you?\" she inquired of the two townsfolk. \"Three weeks. But Ms. Newell I don't-\" The small woman raised an imperious hand and Teddy Q came to a sputtering halt. She ignored Nick's scoff from the corner. \"Send Joe to Rose Creek.\" she told Chisolm. \"He can get the lay of the land and find out pertinent information that could prove useful to us.\" \"I can, can I?\" Joe drawled, but his eyes were dancing. \"Yes you can.\" Tessa told him sharply, then to Chisolm, \"He can.\" \"Is there something wrong with our information Ms. Newell?\" demanded a stiff backed Mrs. Cullen. \"No of course not.\" Tessa said impatiently. \"The information you have is invaluable. But Joe can...how did that preacher put it Joe? \"Charm the fangs off a rattlesnake\" I want information on Bogue's inner workings. If Joe can fleece these agents while the rest of us gather some extra guns, so much the better.\" \"I believe Mr. Chisolm is the one we hired to oversee this undertaking.\" Mrs. Cullen said firmly, eyes cold and dangerous. Tessa amended her impression of the woman, and smiled. The expression caught her off guard to say the least. \"He did.\" she agreed and they both turned to the warrant officer. \"It's a good plan,\" he said after a moment of scrubbing at his beard. \"Do you think you can do what your sister thinks you can?\" Joe spread his hands and shrugged. \"It's what I do,\" he said modestly. \"Everyone takes offense to a woman walking around and asking questions, and Nick here,\" said man swatted at the hand Joe attempted to place on his shoulder, \"is grumpy curmudgeon on the best of days. I can get in and out with the necessary information.\" \"You shouldn't go alone-\" \"I'm not leaving Ms. Emma,\" declared Teddy Q firmly. \"Well, no.\" Tessa and Joe agreed immediately. \"I'll have to go. We know how to work together.\" Nick rose to his feet and then addressed Tessa, \"Standard layout and supply list?\" \"Of course.\" Chisolm shook his head in bemusement. \"I'm glad that's settled then,\" \"But where does that leave you?\" Mrs. Cullen asked the other woman. \"I'll be watching Mr. Chisolm's back. If you can stand to have a woman at it.\" she lifted her chin challengingly. The man smiled ever so slightly. \"I think I can manage.\" \"Good,\" Tessa nodded firmly. \"Now where's this other fellow you mentioned?\" When Tessa saw the man Chisolm had in mind she wondered very seriously about the man's decision making process. No sooner had Teddy (she wasn't going to call the man Mr. Q, that was a tad ridiculous) and Mrs. Cullen given Nick and Joe their heading, than Chisolm was informing them he'd found the third of their merry band. And what a strange fellow he was. They'd had one, very brief altercation, but Tessa would bet her mother's necklace the man didn't remember it. He'd been roaring drunk early that very morning. She wondered idly how he was standing on his own two feet and trying to bargain with a midget of all things. It must have been because he was simply enormous, Tessa decided. He would be a height with Nick if they ever met. \"-standoff except we've got an Irishman and a Baptist, and I'm not sure how that ends.\" he was saying, entirely too coherent for the amount of alcohol he must have had in his system. \"With you walking away without your horse,\" rejoined the tiny, smug, Irishman. Tessa watched in rapt fascination as Scratch's long ears flicked towards the angry stallion in the paddock. She missed the words that led to them fingering their guns, but it was impossible to miss Sam Chisolm sticking his nose where it didn't belong. Her eyebrows were probably going to stay permanently sky high around the man, she decided, as he bought the angry stallion and the saddle, and summarily dragged the man into service. He didn't come all that unwillingly to be fair. He weighed the bag of money Mrs. Cullen threw to him, tossed it back, and slid his eyes over all of them in an economic fashion. \"Who are these?\" \"My name is Emma Cullen and this is my associate Teddy Q,\" she nodded to Tessa. \"This here is Ms. Tessa Newell.\" The man looked at his horse. Or would it be Chisolm's horse? \"Is it difficult?\" \"Impossible.\" Well at least Chisolm didn't mince words. Tessa could respect that, being unwilling to mince words herself. \"How many you got?\" \"Five.\" Tessa snorted softly, seeing where this was going. \"I believe your count is off my mysterious friend.\" The man flashed what he probably thought to be a charming grin. \"No,\" Chisolm disagreed, mild as you please. \"Ms. Newell, her two brothers, and you and me.\" A surge of admiration for the mans audacity threatened to make her laugh, and it looked like their newest associate was having the same struggle as Tessa. The grin on his face was probably the first sincere expression she'd seen since their first brief (and painful) meeting. Which said a lot of interesting things about him. He came with them of course. He liked his horse very much, apparently. They rode out towards the foothills of the mountains, and Tessa quickly came to wish he hadn't. He rode next to Mrs. Cullen at first. \"Doesn't seem too chivalrous to send a woman to gather guns.\" \"I volunteered,\" retorted the regal woman. \"Insisted actually.\" Tessa smiled down at Scratch's rough mane. She was liking the other woman more and more. Hoofbeats on her left had her expression smoothing into a blank look as he came to try his charm on her. To her surprise he didn't say anything for a long moment, and Tessa glanced up to find him studying her hard. \"Can I help you Mr…\" \"Oh where are my manners?\" his look eased into something between automatic leer and charming grin, and touched the tip of his hat. \"Joshua Faraday milady, at your service, and might I say, you look mighty familiar. Have we met before?\" \"Oh yes.\" Tessa fought down a grin. \"We have? I mean- how could I forget such a pretty face! Mind refreshing my memory darling?\" \"You were very drunk,\" Tessa supplied helpfully, ignoring the \"darling\" comment. For now. \"I'm surprised you can stand. At any rate, I can imagine that even if you forgot my face Mr. Faraday, your wrist still hurts a bit.\" Whatever he was going to say got lost on the way out as he boggled at her and shifted mindlessly to touch the wrist she'd twisted sharply not six hours ago. \"I hope that wasn't your gun hand darling .\" She smiled her sweetest smile. \"I'd hate for you to get killed because you mistook an honest woman for a painted lady while you were drunk off your mind.\" He drew back in his saddle ever so slightly and then clicked his tongue, urging his horse forward. It was just as well really. Scratch was plainly eyeing the handsome bay stallion in a less than friendly way. As soon as he'd gone, Mrs. Cullen rode into the place he'd left. Tessa preemptively tightened her grip on the reins, in case Scratch got any ideas. Her palomino was pretty, but Scratch was a hell-beast, and often angry, purely on principle. \"Mrs. Cullen.\" she offered peacably after a few paces. \"I think given the circumstances, you can call me Emma.\" The red head smiled a tad ruefully. \"I believe I let my assumptions get further than my facts, Ms. Newell. I'd like to apologize.\" Tessa didn't ask what assumptions. It wouldn't do her any good to know. But it was nice to know Emma wasn't a rigid, self righteous woman. She was stressed and grieving of course, but she seemed fair, she thought. \"I'm used to it.\" Tessa continued aloud. \"It doesn't bother me as much as it used to.\" \"And...have you been a bounty hunter long?\" Emma asked tentatively. \"Three years. Started when I was 25.\" Scratch's ears flicked back and she firmly guided his head away from Emma's mare. \"It makes decent money.\" \"I've never heard of women being bounty hunters,\" Emma eyed her a little dubiously, from the tips of her broken in boots, to the white scars on her tanned knuckles. Tessa fought not to curl her hands in on themselves under the weight of the other's scruntiny. She hadn't always been so smart about how she hit people. The other womans pale knuckles had no scars. But they probably had callouses, she consoled herself, and shook the thoughts from her head. \"Of course not. Men don't like it when a woman brings in a man they've hunted. My brothers usually get the credit, even if I come up with the plans.\" she explained. Comprehension dawned on Emma's face. \"So you won't be fighting then.\" Tessa wasn't sure whether she was relieved or disappointed. \"No, I will.\" She grinned at the other. \"I never make a plan asking someone else to do what I'm not willing to do Emma. It isn't right, for one, and I'm a decent shot for another.\" They eyed one another for the space of five hoofbeats and Emma tipped her head approvingly. \"That's a worthy way of looking at things.\" They nodded at one another, now that they had an understanding and continued in companionable silence. \"And you can call me Tess or Tessa. We might be heading to our deaths, I think we can stand to be familiar with one another.\" That drew a laugh, however slight, from Emma.[Chapter 3] Hello my friends! Tis I, Hermes! If you're getting frustrated with the slow pace of the story, please rest assured, I am equally frustrated! Tessa is a methodical person, and since the story will probably take place entirely from her point of view, I wanted to do her first meeting with someone as dangerous as Vasquez justice. Additionally, getting his speech patterns down is hard. Bear with me. He speaks good English in the movie, but his syntax is a little strange, which probably means he learned English after he was really small, which is prime language time. Anyway, I'm working on it. I promise the story will pick up soon! Let me know what you think of their interaction. I'm heavily leaning towards Vas as potential love interest. They are definitely interested in one another, that's for certain. Now, on with the show! Living off the grid and being kind of an outlaw brings a dangerous reality. Ron Perlman They were to meet outside of Junction City in three days. While Faraday and Teddy went to Volcano Springs (Tessa had yet to understand how they came up with the name since she doubted very much any of its residents had ever been near a volcano), Emma, Tessa and Chisolm headed into the mountains in search of a man Tessa suspected would have been the next Newell bounty. Teddy didn't look happy with leaving Emma, but he wasn't as upset as he might have been if Tessa hadn't been there. The younger man went without complaint in search of Chisolm's famous friend. She didn't miss the statement Chisolm made, (half in jest, but half seriously) about not making to to the meeting point. His eyes touched hers for a brief moment and Tessa nodded, tapping the worn grip of her gun in understanding. There was no chance to ask Chisolm precisely who they were in search of, since he set a brisk pace as soon as their group split. Scratch was happy to canter a bit, which kept him out of any mean mischief. They made good time and came to the foothills in a matter of a few hours. Plains gave way to thick trees, and Chisolm led them right to a small decrepit cabin in what might have been called a clearing by a more generous person than Tessa. It was a rough place, poorly put together. Exactly the kind of out of the way place an outlaw might find himself in while on the run. She paused and left Scratch's reings dangling as she surveyed the property. The painted horse tied to the porch railing was well cared for, and disinterested in their arrival. She didn't see it's rider, and she didn't miss Chisolm's meaningful glance as he left his gun belt on his saddle horn. Tessa eyed him incredulously. This was yet another incident where she doubted the mans sanity. Clearly he was taking her offer to watch his back for its full worth. Ears pricked for the slightest sound, Tessa waited on the porch while Emma and Chisolm went cautiously inside. The pick-buzz whine of flies permeated the silence and the unmistakable stench of death followed. Taking shallow breaths, Tessa turned her back on the darkened doorway and kept watch. Or tried to. Emma's frightened gasp and hurried steps had her turning sharply, gun jerked from its holster to address the danger. Just as sharply she shook her head. Emma had seen the dead thing. From her expression it had been a person once. \"Emma it's alright-\" she began to comfort her, and then the air hissed. There was the briefest flicker in the air to her right, the only warning she had, just enough to lash an arm around the woman's slender waist and haul her bodily out of the way of the incoming object. Lasso , the distant part of her mind dismissed cooly, even as she drew her gun up to bear on the outlaw swiftly. Pistol , that same voice supplied, as they eyed one another. Tessa didn't flinch, left hand thrown back protectively. There was the distinct sound of another gun cocking behind her, and Tessa grinned inwardly but kept her eyes on the outlaw. His face rang a bell. She definitely had his warrant in her satchel then. It was decent likeness if she recalled correctly. The tension stretched thick between them for a long, unbearable moment. Emma's breath was loud in her ear. He smiled, wolfish. Threatening. \"I think you should put the gun down chica, before someone gets hurt.\" \"You first.\" Tessa smiled just as wide, flashing her teeth. \"Do as he says.\" They both startled (not bad enough for a misfire, but enough to be noticable) when Chisolm spoke. Tessa could have smacked herself for forgetting he was there. Then she could have smacked him, as his words sank in. He met her bewildered look with that same mild gaze he'd given her outside the boarding house, and Tessa's eyes flashed. But she did as he said. \"Give me your guns.\" the outlaw demanded as she lowered her pistol. \"I will not.\" Tessa denied flatly, and firmly (angrily) holstered her weapon. Then she folded her arms and glared expectantly at the crazy man who'd gotten her into this situation. Clearly frustrated, and more than a little bewildered (Tessa could sympathize) the outlaw followed suit. At her shoulder. Emma shifted warily. \"He was already dead, if that's what you're wondering.\" the outlaw offered with a smirk after a tense moment of silence. \"You been sleeping in here?\" Chisolm asked, as if he didn't have a gun pointed at his chest. \"He doesn't snore much.\" shrugged the other. \"You Vasquez?\" \"What is this to you?\" he snapped, shifting uneasily which as good as told them, that yes, he was. Tessa didn't miss the glance he threw her way and itched to grip her guns. \"If I'm going to tear up a warrant, I just want to be sure I'm talking to the right man.\" Chisolm stepped calmly into the doorway holding up a wanted poster similar to the one in Tessa's saddlebags. \"A poor likeness,\" Vasquez scoffed weakly. \"You a bounty hunter?\" \"She is,\" Chisolm gestured carelessly in Tessa's direction and she fought not to be offended at the scornful noise the outlaw made. \" I am a duly sworn warrant officer.\" \"And where's your gun?\" \"Man carries a gun he tends to use it.\" Chisolm replied steadily, as if that wasn't the most insane thing anyone else there had ever heard of. Tessa scoffed softly, but Vasquez almost grinned. \"Dead ranger by your hand, and a 500$ reward.\" \"Maybe he had it coming,\" the outlaw mocked. Tessa rolled her eyes. \"Doesn't matter to me either way,\" Chisolm replied blandly, hands still raised. \"Why? You two plan to get that reward?\" The scorn on his face was plain to see as he glanced from Chisolm to Tessa and she scowled back defiantly. \"Don't tempt me,\" she snapped lowly. He actually snickered. A hot flush stole up her neck and Tessa just knew her nostrils were flaring something fierce. Chisolm cut in before she could sufficiently gather her wits. \"Before you two get into it any further, I have a business propisition for you.\" \"And does this business involve her?\" Vasquez's smirk was nearly a leer, eyes dragging like a live brand up and down her body, and Tessa, utterly appalled, felt herself flushing hot for an entirely different reason. True to form, Chisolm manfully ignored the subtext even as the outlaw chuckled darkly at what he saw on her face. \"It does.\" \"And when our business is concluded?\" Emma's hand touched her back, right between the shoulder blades and it was enough to calm her. Tessa drew in a deep breath and pressed her reactions aside, until she could deal with them later. Now was not the time to indulge in...whatever just happened. She staunchly refused to believe anything happened, and refocused. \"There'll still be a lot of men after your hide.\" Chisolm shrugged. \"And this should give me comfort?\" \"It should. I won't be one of them.\" The two men stared at each other, Vasquez most likely gauging the veracity of Sam's statement. Then he looked at her, and Tessa somehow managed to steadily return his scrutiny, however mocking. \"And you? Will you still be after my hide, chica?\" He managed to turn it into something dirty and Tessa bestowed her most blazing glare, and widest smile upon him. It had scared many a man in her time, and Vasquez's chin jerked, gaze losing some of its heat. \"I'm still deciding.\" It took a long moment but she held his black gaze until he holstered his gun. \"You are loco.\" he said, though she wasn't sure to whom exactly. Chisolm answered for them anyway, mild expression still in place. \"Si.\" The trip to Junction City was, by comparison, uneventful, if a tad delayed. They had to stay the first night in the clearing, but Emma refused to stay in the cabin with its deceased resident. Vasquez offered to drag the corpse outside (an odd concession given his earlier attitude towards them both), but Tessa took one look at the state of decomposition and sided with Emma. It was more than likely the man would literally come apart at the seams if someone attempted to move him and Tessa wanted no part in it. \"You two enjoy the smell of dead flesh.\" Tessa clapped Chisolm on the shoulder and gestured for Emma to to follow her. \"Can you get a fire going?\" \"Yes of cou-\" \"Suit yourself senoras! I was going to share my food-\" \"Yes, day old beans that flies have been in and out of sounds delicious,\" Tessa deadpanned. She didn't give him a chance to reply before she turned back to Emma, who didn't bother to hide the venomous glare she aimed at Vasquez. \"Don't worry about it. I have some supplies, just get the fire going.\" Scratch snorted at her as she dug through her saddle bags, clearly impatient to be out of his tack. Tessa was please to note he'd restricted himself to tearing up patches of turf, rather than attacking his four legged neighbors. She pulled out the bag of beans and the parcel of dried fruit she'd managed to score and turned to give them to Emma so she could take care of the horses, only to abruptly run into Vasquez. The outlaw managed to look like he was leaning on a wall, for all there was only empty air around him, thumbs hooked casually in his gun belt. At least this time he had the decency to meet her eyes. \"Yes?\" \"You cook for everyone then chica?\" he drawled. \"I'm sorry, I thought you said you had food to spare?\" Tessa returned and coolly stepped around him. Chisolm gave her a look as she did, from his spot hunkered down over the fledgling flames. She spotted Emma gathering more firewood a second later. \"Everything alright over there?\" \"Nothing I haven't dealt with before.\" Tessa offered him the food and he took it without complaint, eyeing the dried muscadine and gooseberries appreciatively. She paused, realizing she'd forgotten her pot. Still she hesitated. Chisolm merely waited, coaxing the small fire a little higher. \"Do you trust him?\" she asked after a beat. Chisolm gave her a look so dry she felt her skin blister. \"Course not. That being said, he's been on the run for a long time. Killing a ranger is serious business and they've been after him hard. I think he'll stick around for some respite at the very least.\" Tessa nodded slowly, more to herself than Chisolm and turned to retrieve her cooking implements. It made sense. Only the very worst of the outlaw crowd dealt well with life on the run, the rest became gradually more and more worn down by the lifestyle, such as it was. It was one of the many reasons they were almost always caught. Few of them made it far enough to escape the wanted posters and warrants before they simply became so rundown they got sloppy. She looked at Vasquez with fresh eyes. He hadn't moved from where she'd left him, except to back safely out of Scratch's range. (Smart man then.) One thumb remained tucked nonchalantly in his gun belt, but the other hand fingered his pistol grip, a constant tap-tapping as his eyes shifted back and forth, watching the way they'd come in. He was, Tessa realized with a pang of what might have been pity, stretched thin-to-breaking. He didn't look terribly thin, but there was a tell-tale puffiness under his eyes that said he hadn't gotten a lot of sleep recently. She shut her eyes. This was the other reason why Tessa didn't do recon. Call it what you want, but she hated to see people suffer, even if they did deserve it. \"If you're going to eat with us, maybe you could contribute something.\" she found herself saying. His eyes snapped to hers, startled, and Tessa cursed inwardly but left her face blank. \"You've been here a few days.\" she continued stoically. \"Did you find any plants or things to make beans more palatable?\" He studied her, something like fascination mingling with the confusion on his face. Tessa fought not to blush and tipped her chin expectantly. That seemed to jog him out of his momentary stupor. \"There's some salt in the cabin. Not much, but enough for a few meals.\" \"A few meals is all we need,\" Tessa fished her pot out of the saddle bags and avoided his gaze. \"We're starting if you want to go get some.\" Talk was strained and sparse around the campfire, but at least they had salt to make the beans go down a little easier. Emma stuck to her side like a burr, even when she went to give Scratch his nightly rub-down. They hung on the edge of the firelight, near enough to hear the low murmur of conversation that the men struck up as soon as they left. Tessa shook her head; she missed her brothers in times like these. \"Something eating at you Emma?\" she asked as she got to work with the brush. Scratch huffed, pleased enough with the attention that he didn't take umbrage with the strange womans proximity. \"I don't trust him,\" she said quietly, almost a whisper. \"If he'd gotten me with that lasso of his…\" She trailed off with a shudder. \"I don't like to think about it.\" \"More than likely he would have used you as a bargaining chip with Chisolm,\" Tessa offered absently as she dug a stubborn burr out of Scratch's hide. \"How did you even do this to yourself silly beast?\" Silence from Emma prompted her to look up. It was hard to read her expression in the dim light, but she seemed a tad incredulous. Tessa continued defensively; \"What? Don't give me that look. If he'd wanted us dead he would have shot us straight away. More than likely he would have left you unharmed.\" \"You don't know that,\" Emma protested hotly. \"No I don't,\" agreed Tessa. \"But I do know it's in his best interests to stick with us, and to not harm us right now. He's been on the run for a long time Emma; he needs a break.\" There was a blissful beat of silence and Tessa combed Scratch's rough coat in long strokes, just like he liked. Until: \"It sounds almost like you pity him.\" The words were almost accusatory and Tessa bit back her immediate reply. It would do no good to exchange needlessly harsh words now that she and Emma had gained a common ground. After she'd wrestled her ire into submission, Tessa fixed the other with a firm look. \"Firstly, it isn't pity, it's understanding. There's a difference. You can trust a man, or woman for that matter, as far as you can understand them. Right now we're a respite from what looks to have been a pretty rough life, and he's not going to give that up very quickly or lightly. At least that's what I think.\" Emma pursed her lips in thought. \"It's no less than he deserves Tessa.\" \"Maybe so.\" Tessa slid around Scratch's hind end to start on his other side. \"But beggars can't be choosers, especially not when you need all the guns you can get. Just keep that in mind before you go being too rude to him.\" Emma sniffed delicately, as good as saying, \"I'd never\" and marched back to the fire, back poker straight. As she watched her go, bemused, Tessa scanned the other occupants of the fireside. Chisolm looked as relaxed as he ever did (which didn't mean much considering) and Vasquez was still jittery. But it wasn't as bad as before. A broad head nudged her hard enough to make her stagger as Scratch reminded her she had more important things to tend to. Namely his nightly massage. \"Yes yes, no need to get all testy.\" she muttered and got back to work. The sooner she was done the sooner she could get some rest. They didn't have too far to travel, but Tessa wanted all her wits about her. Just in case.[Chapter 4] Hi guys! I can't begin to tell you how sorry I am that this is so late in coming! I had to give my computer to a friend for a few days, and then I had to find the will to write this chapter. I'm impatient, Tessa isn't, and to Tessa I bow. Plus writing this chapter was a royal pain the butt! Things just weren't working smoothly! If you have any constructive criticism let me know, because I hate this whole chapter and I can't make myself like it. *sigh* Bear with me. Well, on with the show! Literally half the delay for this chapter was researching how many Asian people came to America to work on the railroad. I don't know where I was going with it. Anyway... Half of what I say is meaningless, but I say it so that the other half may reach you. - Khalil Gibran Vasquez talked to Chisolm and only Chisolm for the next two days. Emma was relieved. Tessa did her best to take it in stride and keep busy. Scratch handled the boredom with much less grace than his rider, but on the bright side, the mule had never been so well groomed. It was a wonder, Tessa laughed to herself, she hadn't brushed him bald in places. After two days of relative inactivity, the saddle was a welcome weight on his back; so welcome he didn't fight the girth around his ribs. \"Did you buy him that ugly or is your life so rough he got this way by accident chiquita?\" The question startled her slightly and Tessa turned to face the outlaw. After two days of limited contact, there he stood, one hand on his gun belt, the other gripping the collar of his vest. The posture looked relaxed, right up until you got to his restless brown eyes set in a handsome face. The stray thought drew her up sharply. Since when did she notice something like that? In her distraction Tessa wasn't paying full attention to Vasquez until he moved. The motion rippled along her peripheral as he drew up to his full height and both hands hands went to rest easily on his gun belt. A minute shift, casual looking, except Tessa's senses shouted predator. A smirk teased at the corner of his mouth. \"See something you like chiquita?\" Tessa blinked. Just once. She was not, in spite of what her face was telling her, blushing. Tessa Newell did not blush, and Tessa Newell had hit bigger men for less implied. It was only while she was arguing with herself that she realized she still hadn't spoken. And she was still staring. By that time, Vasquez's smirk had widened into a fully fledged grin, crinkling the corners of his eyes and suffusing his face with unexpected warmth. \"I didn't buy him,\" she blurted out, unable to think under the onslaught of that smile and her own embarrassment. A cocked eyebrow prompted her to rush on. \"He was a mine mule in Montana, they were going to put him down because he kept escaping. And I thought, animal that smart shouldn't go to waste. So I got the miners to give him to me, and we came to an agreement.\" Scratch, animal though he was lived only to prove her wrong; he shoved his coffin shaped head into the small of her back. It was not a gentle shove. Normally Tessa was facing him, and braced for it. She'd learned early in the days of their frustrating partnership to not turn her back on him. He wouldn't hurt her (on purpose) but he'd cause all sorts of mischief, up to and including shoving her bodily places he wanted her to go. Places she didn't want to go , like the arms of an outlaw. Tessa staggered and would have fallen if Vasquez hadn't reached out unthinkingly to grip her above her elbows and brace her body with his. Warm , was her first and overwhelming thought as her brain abruptly stopped working. His hands were broad and scorching on her arms, even through her shirt, and for the first time in her life Tessa truly felt small. He surrounded her, fully, chest to chest and thigh to thigh. Startled gray eyes flew up to meet dark brown, and Tessa was absurdly relieved to find he looked just as surprised as she felt. Her heart thundered in her ears, and neither of them looked away. Then someone cleared their throat and Vasquez literally threw her away from him. He was strong for being so rangy looking; Tessa flew back and bounced off of a very unhappy Scratch with a sharp grunt. Chisolm looked between them as she picked herself up and seemed to have a whole emotion or two while she did. Tessa wasn't sure what emotion it was precisely, but she was sure she didn't want to know. But Chisolm good man that he was, didn't say a word except to inform them that they had riders incoming. Vasquez didn't look at her as he nodded and went to his own horse. Chisolm did look at her. \"You alright?\" Tessa met his eyes squarely and scratched her savage mule behind one long ear. \"It's days like this I wish I had shot this fool animal back in Montana,\" she informed him, because there was no explaining that. For his part, duly sworn warrant officer in six territories Sam Chisolm nodded as if that made perfect sense and went to greet a very thin, very enthusiastic man. Faraday stumbled drunkenly off his horse. Tessa took a moment to gather herself. There was no explanation for that whole occurrence. She didn't know why exactly she'd reacted the way she did, or why she hadn't gone for his throat as soon as he'd grabbed her...and she wasn't going to think of it. Tessa firmly pressed her confusion and her questions aside and filed them away to think about later. Much, much later. Getting on the road was simple after that (even if Faraday did try and pick a fight with Vasquez), as their party grew to include two more guns for the upcoming fight. Goodnight Robicheaux was a true southern gentleman, all bright grins and easy charm. Billy Rocks was...mysterious was the best word, Tessa decided. She was surprised to see someone like him not working on the railroad. Indentured service was tricky to get out of while a man was still relatively young, or able bodied. She had a lot of questions, but the man's stoic facade and belt full of knives did not lend to easy conversation. It wasn't like he needed to converse. Goodnight Robicheaux did enough talking for two people. \"What a merry a band we are,\" he proclaimed loftily. \"Me a gray, Chisolm a blue, Billy a mysterious man of the orient, a drunk Irishman, a Texican, two females and one gentleman caller-good luck ladies-\" Tessa snapped around to glare at him but the Cajun just winked and chuckled patronizingly. \"This is not going to end well.\" \"I'm Mexican Cabron,\" Vasquez spat over his horses shoulder. \"No such thing as a Texican.\" \"Try telling that to my granddaddy.\" Goodnight retorted. \" He died at the Alamo. New Orleans Grays, long barracks, bayonets. Blood. Teeth. Mauled by a horde of screaming brown devils,\" Tessa glanced at Vasquez, and was baffled to see not offense, but that same coyote grin he'd given Chisolm back at the cabin. Men, she thought, shaking her head. The outlaw leaned over his horse, but his hands stayed away from his guns. \"My grandfather was one of those devils you know.\" he replied conversationally. \"Toluca Battalion. Hey! Maybe my grandfather killed your grandfather, huh?\" She couldn't see his face, but Goodnight Robicheaux laughed roughly, \"What a charming thought.\" Then, to Billy Rocks. \"I sense we are bonding, hm?\" \"Men,\" she muttered to Emma, who's only response was a telling look. At that point they came upon a ramshackle little building and an equally ramshackle tent town off across the creek. Tessa peered around curiously as they dismounted before she looked to Chisolm. \"You must have someone specific in mind if we're all the way in the back end of nowhere,\" she remarked. He dipped his chin, acknowledging her point. \"Man by the name of Jack Horne. You might've heard of him.\" \"Jack Horne? The Jack Horne?\" Faraday butted in before Tessa had a chance to respond. \"Did I hear you fella's mention Jack Horne?\" The smaller woman sighed, abandoning the conversation and made sure Scratch was tied securely to the hitching post before she went to sit on the front porch of the fledgling general store. Try as she might, she couldn't exactly ignore the looming outlaw over her right shoulder. She could have sworn she felt eyes on her, but when she glanced up, everyone was focused on the eavesdropper. He and his brother (\"The Pigeon brothers!\") were eager to share what they knew of Jack Horne. Mainly they were very eager to confess to their murdering him, which Tessa found baffling, given they were all complete strangers. Who just went around and confessed to killing a man for money? The Pigeon brothers. Apparently. \"You're talking about Jack Horne? The legend Jack Horne?\" Robicheaux demanded, voicing Tessa's thoughts aloud. \"Ha! Legend my ass! He might've killed 300 Crow, but he ain't never met the Pigeon brothers.\" proclaimed the eavesdropper proudly. \"And you're saying that's Jack Horne's rifle?\" Chisolm had a smile on his face that was more disbelief than true humor. \" Was , it was Jack Horne's rifle. And there's an Army fort wants to pay $1000 for proof of dea-\" He stuttered a bit when his brother knocked him in the shoulder but the damage was done. \"Well anyway, we figure a rifle will do.\" \"You've no body?\" Faraday asked. \"Well you see, Len here smashed a boulder over his head. He fell off a cliff.\" Not-Len explained cheerfully. It was, Tessa thought, a truly astonishing feat that two such miscreants had made it to adulthood. \"Snuck up on him huh?\" Goodnight Robicheaux was equally unimpressed. \"Just what the hell are you imply-grrk!\" It took everything Tessa had not to physically leap out of her skin as a hatchet sprouted from Len Pigeon's chest, permanently interrupting whatever he'd been getting all offended about. She was pretty sure her mouth hung open as he who could only be Jack Horne came marching over the ridge, straight for the remaining Pigeon brother. The man stumbled away on shaking legs and tried (and failed) to shoot Horne, instead hitting only broad blue sky. Before he could even think of adjusting his aim Horne was on him, and bringing him down to the ground. She winced as the mans neck snapped, audible even from several feet away. The blood on the old trackers silver hair stood out like a beacon. That he was upright and hunting down his attempted murderers was nothing short of miracle. \"Seven hells.\" she found herself uttering. There went a man Tessa fervently hoped she never crossed. \"The Pigeon brothers weren't famous very long,\" was Robicheaux's lazy assessment. The others laughed. Horne turned his attention to them, and whoever might have laughed stopped immediately. \"These two ungodly creatures broke a rock on my head. Robbed me of my possessions. I've trailed them for two days…\" he trailed off, glancing around uncertainly. \"They got what they deserved Mr. Horne,\" Chisolm cut in carefully. \"My name is Sam Chisom. We met about six years ago up in Cheyenne. Do you recall?\" By that time Horne had come to his first victim, brusquely rolling the body onto its back so he could retrieve his hatchet. His face was startlingly pale under all the blood and dirt and Tessa felt a rush of concern. The man's eyes were strangely distant, as if only part of him was there in the first place. He spoke again voice increasingly reedy, as if Chisolm hadn't said a word. \"Now I got a right, by the Lord and by the law, to take back what belongs to belongs to me. Are we in agreement?\" he demanded, challenging. No one said a word, but Tessa sensed movement over her shoulder, a collective sense of hands raised placatingly. \"...Yessir,\" Chisom responded after a beat, and that seemed to be what Mr. Horne was waiting for as he pulled the bulk of himself to his feet. \"You still collecting scalps?\" \"The government don't pay a bounty on redskins anymore.\" Faraday added in what he probably thought was a wheedling tone. \"You must be out of work.\" Horne's voice was the softest it had been since they'd met, when he responded to Chisolm. \"Now that's part of another story, ain't it?\" \"Yes it is,\" Chisolm replied softly. But he soldiered on quickly. \"We, uh...we're looking for some men, Mr. Horne, some good men, like yourself, to do a job. Going after a fella name of Bartholomew Bogue and his men. Just...Well, thought you might be interested.\" Horne didn't look at them as he pulled his horses reins from the hitching post and walked away, shoulders slumped, a far cry from the blood and vinegar man he'd been when he'd walked onto the scene. Tessa watched him go, heart pounding with worry, and made a split second decision. She went quickly to Scratch and led him off after Horne. \"I believe that bear was wearing people's clothe- Hey where're you going?\" \"Good question.\" But Chisolm didn't make a move to stop her, merely cocked his head, waiting for an explanation. Well he was going to be disappointed. \"This won't take long. I'll catch up with you shortly. You're heading right back the way we came aren't you? And then West?\" Tessa informed him, smiling when he frowned. \"Yes, but what're you-\" \"Don't worry about it. And it's not like I'm reneging on the deal, not when my brothers are in the belly of the beast.\" Tessa interrupted, tugging Scratch along without waiting for a response. \"Where is she going?\" Faraday's voice rose behind her as he demanded an explanation, along with Teddy's who tried to stop her, but she ignored them and focused on back end of Horne's gelding as it disappeared around the bend. Her pace quickened. Something was telling her that if she didn't catch him now, she wasn't going to be catching him, period. She crested the hill panting and was relieved to see Horne hadn't gotten very far, though he had already made it to the bottom of the hill. For such an old man, he sure moved quickly. Tessa gathered enough breath to call out. \"Mr. Horne!\" Even from a distance she saw him twitch, but he made no move to turn. Growling, Tessa persisted. \"Mr. Horne! Just a moment of your time, please ?\" This time she didn't recieve even a twitch for her troubles. Tessa broke into a jog. It occured to Tessa, as she trotted down the rocky hill, that this wasn't the smartest idea she'd ever had. Particularly because she had trouble running over flat ground sometimes, let alone up or down inclines. It was a miracle she hadn't tripped- Even as the thought crossed her mind a stone rolled out from under her foot, and one leg went flying out from under her with it, entirely without her consent. Tessa barely had time to yelp in surprise before gravity brought her sharply down. While Scratch watched, ears twitching, Tessa rolled a few feet before a much larger rock brought her to a halt. Unimpressed as ever, Scratch bent down and tore up some rough scrub while his rider took a careful inventory of herself. Her ankle throbbed lightly, but she could move it with no troubles, so Tessa left it alone and gently examined her head. A little tender, but nothing terrible. She dropped her hands with a sigh. She should be grateful, she knew, that no one had seen that happen; it wasn't as if she didn't have enough problems already trying to earn respect men were born with. That didn't mean she wasn't exasperated with herself for it. The brush rustled behind her and bumps and bruises aside, Tessa twisted around, drawing her gun and sighting her target with practiced ease. Then she blinked, startled. \"Are you alright miss?\" asked Jack Horne in a worried, delicate voice. He'd snuck up on her, horse and all. She blinked again and holstered her weapon. \"Believe it or not, I was only running so I could see if you'd let me tend your head wound.\" He tilted his head, as if he didn't understand her words, but he did offer her a hand up, and tugged her to her feet with a careless strength she envied. \"That's kind of you Miss.\" \"Tessa Newell, Mr. Horne, and does that mean you'll let me take a look at you?\" she pressed. \"Well, I...that is…\" For such a large man, he was almost endearingly hesitant, fingering his vest nervously while he stared at the ground as if it held all the answers. Tessa felt a rush of compassion for him. Life, it seemed, had not been kind to him. \"Mr. Horne, you have my word that I won't try and talk you into anything, or ask anything of you. I really do want to see about your head. I imagine it hurts quite a bit.\" she said gently. His head bobbed unevenly as he mulled over her words, and for all his size and apparent savagery, Tess found herself unafraid. He hadn't made a move for his hatchet, or the large knife in his belt even when she'd had a gun on him. There was a sense that he didn't relish killing, which was puzzling, but seemed to fit. Finally he nodded and Tessa offered him a smile. It was crooked, but he did smile back. They didn't speak while she got her supplies in order, and he didn't reply when Tessa explained what she was going to do. The most she got for a long time was a quiet hiss when she started stitching his head back together, but that was it. It wasn't a large cut, more a patch of busted skin than anything, but it had been open for two days, and she wasn't taking chances. Tessa kept her work light but firm. It would do no good to flinch from it now, or be tender. The quicker the better, when it came to sewing. The silk thread caught the light occasionally as she worked and Horne didn't flinch from it. Finally she knotted it and clipped the end off with a pleased little hum. It was just as well she was done because when he finally spoke Tessa almost startled out of her skin. \"You're very good Miss. Were you a nurse in the war?\" \"I-no. No I wasn't. This just isn't the first time I've had to stitch someone.\" she laughed shortly as she put her thread away. \"If I thought you'd have listened I'd have pointed you straight to a doctor, but you're headed back into the mountains, so I didn't think you'd find one.\" She almost patted his shoulder before thinking better of it. \"That should do you. Do you think you can find someone to remove them?\" \"I think I can manage,\" he assured her, watching her intently as she went to put her supplies away. Tessa didn't call him out on it. It seemed like he was trying to figure her out. \"...Why did you come after me miss?\" Tessa paused minutely, before sliding the bottle of iodine back into place, took her time to answer. \"You were hurt.\" she said quietly. \"And you were alone. I've done things I'm not proud of, but I never did feel right about leaving people with head injuries to fend for themselves. When she turned back to face him, he was on his feet again ( he moved so quietly for such a large man!) and eyeing her quizzically. She went on with a wry smile, \"And if you're wondering why I, a woman, ran after you, a strange man, it wasn't to try and coerce you into anything. I'd make a terrible whore. I just...I mean we could use your help I think. But I also think, maybe you've done enough killing.\" He flinched, a full body, harsh motion that instantly made Tessa feel like an absolute monster. It was all the answer she needed. She waited until she caught his gaze again and was very careful to keep any pity she might have felt out of her gaze. When she had his full attention she continued, almost tenderly: \"I don't know why you did what you did. You're reasons are between you and God, and I won't insult you by telling you falsehoods. We're going to kill a lot of people, and maybe be killed in the process. Bogue and his men have...well to put it lightly they are abusing their power over the people of Rose Creek. It isn't pretty, and it won't be pretty. I don't know if it's the right cause, a right cause. But I think it's a worthwhile one. Keep an eye on that head wound alright?\" Her piece said Tessa mounted up and tipped her hat to the old tracker, who made an absent-minded courtesy in return. She felt eyes on her back when she rode up the hill, but when she glanced back, Horne had already gathered up his horse and was heading in the opposite direction. Sighing, she let herself sit for just a moment, and lifted her eyes up. I tried , she told herself . I did what I thought was best. That's all I can do. She made it to the bottom of the hill without incident and urged Scratch into a trot, then a canter on the road west. If they kept a brisk pace, Tessa had no doubt she'd find her new companions long before nightfall.[Chapter 5] Okay! Here's chapter five! Keep in mind: I lied when I said it would all be from Tessa's point of view and I've branched out. Additionally, I wrote this whole chapter after researching and talking with my guys friends. I hope I did him justice. The action should start to pick up in the next chapter. For all who are still reading, thanks for hanging in there! Disclaimer: I use the word Indian because that's the word they use in the movie. I don't think the term Native American surfaced until a few years later. Also, about the Spanish...Vasquez speaks excellent English. I have this headcanon he was a vaquero at some point (because of the sash on his waist) and maybe he learned English while on the job? I dunno, but his English is good, but I inserted Spanish words because Vasquez is Spanish, and I wanted to keep true to that. Just, if I write from Billy Rocks POV don't expect Korean. I feel like his POV would be really short and to the point...I'm rambling... Okay enjoy! I don't own the Magnificent Seven! Just Tessa, Nick, Joe, and Scratch. Love them all. \"virago\" -(noun) A word with Latin roots, virago is defined as a strong, courageous woman with a warlike heart; she is a woman who portrays exemplary and heroic qualities. Heavy hoofbeats came up on the trail behind and Vasquez couldn't stop himself from tensing up at the sound. Slowly he turned to look and relaxed in spite of himself. It was the little \"bounty hunter\", riding up on the trail looking no worse the wear for her rabbit trail. He snorted quietly and turned his back on her before those sharp ash-dark eyes could pin him again. He did watch out of the corner of his eye as she urged her mule next to Chisolm's horse and spoke in her quiet, clipped way. Maybe she was saving her words up, he mused. He'd never heard someone speak like she did, in a rush to get them all out neatly before someone stopped her. He swore at himself. He needed to stop thinking about the gringa and pay attention to his surroundings. He was still wanted, even if Chisolm had promised him safe passage. Up ahead she guided her battle scarred mule out of the way so she could fall in beside Mrs. Cullen. The two women exchanged a few words, voices soft enough that he couldn't make out what they were saying, even though he was practically right in front of them. Faraday, having watched the whole exchange much more obviously than Vasquez himself had also pulled out of the group so he could wedge himself in between Mrs. Cullen and...Tessa, he'd heard the other woman call her. He didn't remember her last name, if he'd ever learned it. Robicheaux riding on his right, shot him a smirk, glancing meaningfully at the riders behind him. \"So I guess it didn't work huh?\" Faraday drawled. A beat of silence. Then, quiet and clipped. \"To what are you referring Mr. Faraday?\" \"Well you chased after him to convince him right? You might not be a whore sweetheart but you sure could use some lessons if you can't tempt a mountain man out of his hidey hole-WOAH!\" There was a sudden disturbance behind him and Vasquez tugged his horses head around sharply, as did Roubicheax and his friend, just in time to see Tessa get a hand under Faraday's left foot and, with a jerk and twist, tip him out of his saddle. A startled bark laughter escaped him before Vasquez could stop it, but Tessa didn't even look at him as she swung herself out of her own saddle, long black braid swinging as she stomped to Faraday, one pistol already in hand. Before the man could gather himself, she kicked away the hand reaching for his gun, and pressed her booted heel into his wrist. She cocked the hammer and pointed it directly at his stunned face. \"Mr. Faraday, the last time I confronted you while drunk, I twisted your other wrist. I thought I had made my point-\" \"Woman, OW, Jesus-!\" He watched her thigh flex as she dug her heel in, much to Faraday's displeasure. The gun remained rock steady and her voice was scarily cheerful. \"I'm not done talking, so shut up.\" He did. \"The last time we met, you put your hands on me, and I could have broken your wrist, but I didn't. Now you've called me a whore, when I made it quite clear , what would happen if you called me that again.\" She shifted her weight forward and Faraday groaned low through gritted teeth. \"We need your wrists intact Mr. Faraday. I'll give you one more chance to be as polite to me as I've been to you. Now, do we have an accord?\" The crazy gringo somehow managed to smile, even with his face screwed up in pain. \"I think I can manage that.\" Vasquez couldn't see her face, only the flexing curve of her jawline. She let him up after a beat of silence. Faraday very wisely made no move towards his guns as he climbed to his feet. He stared. The long braid down her back shivered once. \"I think I'm in love.\" The woman snorted and holstered her weapon and didn't bother with a response. Vasquez eyed the man's sappy grin as she turned away to collect her animal. Sam's voice came drew their collective attention: \"Now that that's settled can we get back on the road now? Faraday get back on my horse. And Ms. Newell?\" Her small chin jutted forward defiantly and Vasquez glanced at Sam to see his reaction. He could have sworn the man grinned. \"Try not to go picking any more fights until we reach Rose Creek.\" She rolled her eyes but mounted her angry mule (a very good fit for such una mujer ardiente ) without complaint. But if you asked him later he would have sworn up and down he heard her mutter, \"He started it.\" She was watching Faraday. This meant he could watch her without the risk of her looking back. For a woman, she was very observant. And so quick! He wouldn't have thought anyone was fast enough to get away from his lasso, let alone draw a gun as they did. But she had. Those sharp ash-eyes had fixed on him like a living thing, and she'd stared him right down without flinching. Sam said she was a bounty hunter. He hadn't believed it then, but he was starting to. Vasquez rolled out his bedroll, half his attention on Tessa. She'd set up her own spot as far away from Faraday as she could reasonably be, tucked herself into the curve of the rock face. He knew that look too. She'd picked a fight and now she was waiting for the hammer to drop. The fire cast long shadows across her face and those eyes flicked to him, striking him sharply enough that he looked away. He'd had her pressed against him, could still feel her softness and warmth if he thought about it, but it was those eyes he couldn't get out of his head. His hands balled into fists. He was thinking too much. Shaking his head, Vasquez determinedly lifted his head to find she was watching Faraday again. The gringo was perched on a rock watching the fire, but he glanced up occasionally to wink at her. He didn't have to look at Tessa to figure she was probably getting upset about it. He shifted slightly and her shoulders hitched at the slight noise, but she didn't take her narrowed eyes off of the drunkard. At the rate things were going she wasn't going to sleep at all, thinking Faraday was going to come and stab her or something. He heaved a sigh, loud enough to finally draw her gaze. \"He's not gonna hurt you chiquita .\" She cocked an eyebrow. \"I know backstabbers eh? Believe me. He's already forgotten it. Man like that,\" he lifted one shoulder. \"Doesn't hold grudges. He's an idiota, si, but he settles his fights when they happen. You settled yours. Get some rest.\" Some of the tension bled out of her shoulders, but he could see the lines on her forehead even in the firelight. He almost, almost promised to sleep light, keep an ear on her. Just in case he was wrong (he didn't think he was. Faraday wasn't acting like a man about to even a score. He was acting a lot like a lovestruck fool). But instead he dipped his hat down over his eyes and told himself to go to sleep. \"He's insane.\" Tessa said grimly, and Vasquez had to agree with her. When Chisolm spoke the Indian's language, the only thing keeping Vasquez upright was his will to live. When he walked over to him after handing Vasquez his gun, well… The chiquita was right. Chisolm was loco . The two spoke in tones too low to hear and everyone nearly had a collective heart attack when he got off his horse and pulled out a knife. The feisty woman actually sprang forward a few paces as if she'd go rescue him, but Vasquez made a sharp noise through his teeth without thinking, and to his surprise, she listened. She did glare at him though, eyes gunmetal bright in the dawn. He looked away. They all watched, and no one seemed to breathe when the Indian cut out a piece of the deer and handed it to Chisolm. He couldn't quite see what the warrant officer did, but it was an easy guess. Tessa let out a small disgusted noise, clearly thinking the same thing. Vasquez shook his head. He did not envy Sam Chisolm his madness at the moment, however brave it made him. And just like that, it was over. Chisolm slapped his hands full of dust together and took his gun back, face set like stone. \"Need some water there Chisolm?\" Tessa asked, voice teasing. The man didn't break stride. \"Just get the fire started.\"[Chapter 6] Hi guys! Thank you so much for your patience and your comments! (You know who you are my lovely, encouraging readers). Your comments keep me going and inspired, so thank you so much! So, the story is definitely picking up now! I'm definitely branching out as far as POV's lol. Hopefully I did Joey justice. I think this is my first time writing a fight scene and I tried to write it from a birds eye view, as the title of this chapter suggests. Hopefully I've done that justice too. And yes, poor Joe is reloading quite a lot but it's an old model rifle so cut him some slack! He always gets his man. As always I don't own the Mag7, but I do own Tessa, Nick, and Joe, and they are my darlings. We don't know how far the ripples of our decisions go. We kill one and maybe save a thousand. -Fox, Wanted (2008) For a woman who regularly tripped over air, Tessa sure laughed at other people a lot. She was giggling quietly between harsh whispers while Joe shinnied up the drain pipe at the back end of the general store, shoulders straining with the effort to haul himself up, hand over hand. His boots skidded uselessly against the rough boards, but after a few hauls he managed to use his knees to get some leverage. Below him, he could hear the familiar wheezing noises Tessa made when she was trying not to laugh. He scowled but couldn't spare the attention to tell her off. By the time he made it to the roof, his breathing was hot and harsh across his face, trapped there by the remains of Tessa's red scarf. ! \"Quick put these on!\" Nick jumped so hard he rammed his knee into the underside of the table. \"T-Tess! Wha-\" \"Shhhh! Come on! Things are about to go down, I need you two to wear these on your face so you don't attract friendly fire.\" She held out the ragged cloth straps encouragingly. Joe took his, bewildered. \"That's...great? How did...how did you even…?\" \"Not now,\" she flapped her hand distractedly, casting a glance over her shoulder at the proprieter, who was trying not to seem interested. Then she looked at him. \"How's your climbing Joe?\" ! When he got on the roof, there was an Indian there. He stalled, utterly nonplussed, one leg thrown over the edge and the other dangling in space. The Indian was holding up a dead man with one arm, seemingly unbothered by the dead weight (ha). They stared at each other for a long moment before Joe recognized the dead man as one of the Blackstone agents he'd been pumping for information for the past several days. The Indian kept staring and Joe offered him a nervous smile. \"My sister didn't mention you,\" he babbled by way of explanation. Somewhere below, Tessa sounded like she was dying. If she lived through this, Joe would probably make sure it stuck. It was difficult to tell under all the intricate war paint, but it looked like he smirked, before he turned his (intense) attention elsewhere. Joe dragged himself all the way on the roof and peered over the edge, already forming some blistering words when he saw Tessa, tears streaming down her face, holding a ladder. Oh. Oh . That's what she'd been trying to get his attention about. He fought down a blush. \"Have some dignity woman!\" She cocked her head, hand cupped mockingly around her ear at his hissed words but then gathered herself, flashing a questioning thumbs up to him. He sighed but responded in kind. With a perfunctory nod she tossed his rifle up into his waiting hand and set the ladder up a moment later. With that she was gone, padding stealthily around the corner of the nearest building. ! ! Joe grabbed the cloth and then grabbed her arm, pinning her effectively in place as she got ready to rabbit. \"Tess,\" he said firmly, \"You need to explain better.\" His sister was short enough that with her hat in the way, he couldn't see her expression, but he knew enough to she rolled her eyes at him before she tilted her head back far enough to look him in the face. By the time she got into position her expression was more resigned than impatient. Tessa was smarter than both of them, probably, but sometimes she forgot that other people couldn't read her mind. \"Chisolm has aquired seven other men for this disaster of a job and they're getting into position around town. How many agents do they have here by the way?\" \"Twenty men, all currently in town.\" Nick rumbled over his shoulder. \"Aha. Well, anyway, I don't want you two getting shot but we clearly need the extra lead, so I showed them my scarf and told them if any of them hurt you two I'd give them a reckoning.\" She smiled her wide coyote smile up at them, the dangerous one. \"You should probably wear them around your faces.\" she added. ! Joe kept low on the rooftop and watched it unfold. He couldn't spy his sister but Nick had appeared around the livery on the other side of the street, just outside everyone else's view. He'd be going after the Blackstone's in the barber shop then. Joe sent up a quick prayer that his mettlesome older sister wouldn't bite off more than she could chew. He huffed softly at himself. That was unlikely. A sharp, short whistle cut through his musing and a cold thrill raced up his spine bringing him instantly on full alert. The tense little gathering in the center of town (such as it was) looked a whole lot more tense and he could feel eyes looking at him. But no, not at him, Joe realized, glancing over at the Indian. At Perry-the-former-Blackstone-Agent. The man's forearms bulged as he held the dead man up and hid behind his body. Another sound followed the whistle; it might have been a word, but it wasn't one Joe had heard before. The Indian dropped Perry's body and it fell with a resounding thud. He cocked his rifle sharply and sighted a Blackstone on the saloon's balcony. A arrow hissed through the air and found a neat home in an enemy chest. Joe blinked and for a wild instant wished he'd tried to talk his siblings out of this. The first gunshot was expected, but it still came as something of a surprise. Joe didn't flinch, just took down his first man. Below, on the street there was a sudden seethe of movement, like an ant hill disturbed. The man on the saloon porch looked like he had the balcony handled so Joe turned his attention to the ground, picking off another agent and reloading by feel alone. His mind ticked off what he saw cooly, though later he would probably be a little horrified. Two men down by knives, a bear of a man bringing down his opponent with a hurled axe and shouting-Nick hit a man hard enough that he didn't get up again, spun and shot another. He raised his rifle and got off two quick shots, covering the small man with the knives, before he ducked inside McClay's. While he reloaded again, he spotted a darting shape he knew instantly as Tessa, saw her break upon a larger shape like a wave breaking on a rock. The man fell and didn't get up again. Her pistols flashed as she whirled back-to-back with Nick. Joe turned to cover the man at the end of the street, stumbling with rifle raised but not shooting. He got off his shots, while another man finished off the rest. The very large man tackled a horse. He almost laughed at the absurdity, and picked off a Blackstone tangling with his sister. The whole thing passed in the kind of vicious blur (with its rare moments of clarity), as only fights can. He recalled it in flashes, the moments where he reloaded and wasn't sighting his next target down the barrel of his rifle. Two men fought back to back in the street. Arrows hissed and found their targets. Tessa punched a man in the throat (her brass knuckles were lethal) and while he struggled to breathe, she put a bullet in him. Nick gutted a man and Joe caught a full glimpse of his intestines, a waterfall of pink and scarlet. One man almost escaped. Almost. It was a long shot and Joe almost didn't make the shot. But he put his rifle up to his shoulder, a distant line of his sister's many musings coming to mind. \"Kill one, save a thousand.\" The horse kept running. The man fell off. He didn't get back up. The Indian opted to simply leap off the porch roof. Joe admired his bravery and his athleticism, and was comfortable enough in his own bravery and athleticism to make for the ladder and take the safer way down. Nick and Tessa met him at the bottom, and Joe tugged the remnants of her scarf down under his chin. Nick's own stood out like a flash of blood at his throat. Joe determinedly ignored that and scanned them surreptitiously for injuries. Nicks knuckles were a little torn up but that was nothing new. There was a splash of blood on Tessa's forearm, but her wilting smile reached her eyes, and he relaxed, because that meant she wasn't hurting. They stood a moment, not touching, not speaking. Just rested their eyes on one another and breathing in the sudden quiet. Joe offered her the tattered remains of her scarf and that broke the spell. Her smile widened into something truer and Nick patted him clumsily on the shoulder as they left the alley in step. Joe hadn't really registered just how diverse the group Chisolm had assembled was from his perch on the rooftop; seeing and hearing them up close and personal raised his eyebrows sharply. He studied them while they modestly bragged on how many they'd killed. Tessa added her two cents (because of course she did) and two sets of eyes in particular locked on to her. Joe shared a meaningful glance with Nick over the brown felt of Tess's hat and they both stared at the tall ginger (drunk man who cheated at cards from several days ago) and a tall wolfish Mexican, in unanimous, unspoken agreement. They stared long enough, Nick with his arms crossed and Joe with his rifle pointed innocently down, to make a quiet point. Look or touch at your own risk. Tessa was largely unaware of the agreement they'd come to two years and five states ago. The drunkard offered a smirk and a nod (which could have meant anything Joe thought exasperatedly) and the Mexican tipped his chin in acknowledgement and looked to Chisolm who had crouched down and was coaxing the sherriff out of his bolt hole. The fat little man emerged, looking dirt and scared and he heard Tessa scoff quietly. Silently Joe agreed with her. The man had made his bed, the least he could do was own up to it. \"We want you to send a little message to your boss,\" Chisolm said when the man had complied and dropped his badge into the dust. The former sheriff's chuckled as if he couldn't believe his ears. \"Mister, you already sent him a message only you're not gonna like his answer.\" \"Tell him we have his town, we have his whole valley.\" Chisolm drove placidly on, like the other hadn't even spoken. \"He want it back, he's gonna have to make a deal with us.\" \"He don't make deals,\" retorted the sheriff. \"You can ask anybody here. He's just gonna send as many men as it takes to squash you flat.\" \"We'll be waiting. In the meantime, you tell him this: Lincoln, like the president. Say it.\" The sheriff dutifully repeated, like a large, hairy schoolboy. \"That's right,\" Chisolm nodded. \"Lincoln Kansas. And you tell him if he don't show up himself, he ain't nothing but a yellow-bellied sapsucking coward.\" The man looked away like he couldn't bear the sight of the disgraced lawman. \"Go on git. Git!\" Then, just when Joe thought it was over he stopped him. \"Sam Chisolm. Say it.\" He repeated that too, so quiet Joe had to strain to hear it. But it was enough for Chisolm. \"Well this is quite the welcome party,\" the ginger cut in sarcastically, effectively breaking the residual tension. \"Where is everybody?\" the Mexican added turning as if expecting to see the townsfolk pop out from barrels shouting, \"Surprise!\" \"More importantly who're these?\" asked a scarecrow of a man, addressing Tessa. She gave a minute shrug. \"My little brothers, Nick and Joe Newell. Boys, meet Goodnight Robicheaux, Billy Rocks, Faraday, Vasquez, Jack Horne and Red Harvest. Of course you've met Mr. Chisolm.\" she introduced without drawing a breath, pointing to each man in turn. \"They are not little.\" the man who was probably Billy Rocks said in a faintly chilling monotone. \"I'm the oldest,\" Tessa replied with great dignity. \"It is my God-given right to refer to them as such.\" Nick dragged her hat down over her eyes. \"Shut up Tess.\" While Tessa squawked and they all shared a quiet laugh at her expense, two riders approached calling for their fellow townsfolk to come out from their hiding spots. She followed them all to perch on the porch of the dry-goods store and the townsfolk emerged. Mrs. Cullen looked no worse for the wear after nearly a weeks hard riding and made her way to stand with Chisolm's band. Joe made sure to place himself between Tessa and the rest. He felt the glares of some of the townfolk while Mrs. Cullen explained the what and the why's of the situation; if Nick felt their stares like he did, his hulking brother didn't show it. He pulled out a thin cigarette and lit it. \"Who picked you to deal on our behalf?\" challenged Gavin David, who Joe would not be letting Tessa know he was well acquainted with. \"Seems I was the only one with balls enough to do so.\" replied their employer cooly and Joe watched every man's head whip around to stare at her. Tessa smothered her laughter into his shoulder. \"As I've said these men are here to help us. Mr. Chisolm.\" And with that Emma Cullen neatly dumped the entire burden of explaining the situation into Sam Chisolm's lap. Joe smiled into his hand at the look on the mans face. \"Uh, my name is Sam Chisolm. I'm a duly sworn warrant officer in Kansas. I'm also a liscensed peace officer in the Indian Territories, Arkansa and seven other states. Now what happened here was...just an opening skirmish. The real battle is yet to come. The idea is that when it comes it'll be on our terms.\" \"On our terms?\" scoffed a man who was probably named Larry, if Joe remembered right. \"Yeah, there's no way in hell.\" Others took up the cry. \"Bogue'll come back and slaughter us all!\" The crowd began to writhe. Mrs. Cullen's voice cut through their murmurs, clear and strident. \"If you want to leave, leave . Just don't take anything you didn't bring with you.\" \"You want to keep your town you're going to have to fight for it.\" Chisolm added, tone cajoling. \"Now we're here to help you but you've got to help us. We're going to need every somebody out here-\" \"Some help!\" cried a voice from the back of the crowd. A long bony arm jutted up and pointed straight at Joe. Or Nick. But everyone got the idea. \"Those two are Blackstone agents!\" \"Come and say that up here to their faces.\" Tessa snapped back, pitching her voice to carry easily. Nick shook his head as Joe opened his mouth to intervene and he rocked back. \"Mr. Chisolm sent these men ahead to gather information from Bogue's own agents, and give us a leg up in the fight to come. They've been here six days and have gathered valuable secrets.\" She was bluffing since she had no idea what they'd done for the past week, but the crowd murmured, doubting now and unsure who to trust. Joe had to admire his sister's ability to stare a man (or a crowd) dead in the eye and lie convincingly through her teeth. \"Be that as it may,\" cut in another, \"are you suggesting we wait here to face retaliation?\" \"Hell yeah he is!\" Teddy Q shouted emphatically. \"Let them come! We'll be ready for them.\" The preacher minced forward in his polite way to address Chisolm. \"I beg pardon sir. The spirit is willing, but… we are not killers.\" \"Most aren't till they're looking down the barrel of a gun.\" Chisolm agreed calmly. \"I've never shot at anything that can shoot back, but this is my town and damn if I won't defend it.\" declared a man. \"That's right, and let me tell you the men that are coming here, they're gonna underestimate you. That'll be their first mistake.\" Chisolm replied until a tall, weathered looking woman interrupted. \"That's all well and good, but we don't have enough time. Bogue said he'd be back in three weeks, that was eight days ago-\" \"One week.\" \"What?\" she fell back a step, surprised. \"No, one week?\" \"One week,\" Chisolm confirmed over the murmurs of the crowd. \"Three days ride to Sacramento with the bad news, one day for Bogue to plan and three days back. Seven days is all you've got.\" The angry mutter of the crowd had by then died to a nervous whisper as everyone looked a one another for some leader to emerge. Finding none they all looked more or less back to Chisolm. \"We'll get started in the morning. Get a good night's rest. May be your last for awhile.\" The crowd slowly dispersed and Tessa went to tend to Mrs. Cullen. Nick side eyed their sister and looked over to Joe as the hired guns followed suit. Faraday cast a glance behind him at her, like she was some exotic animal he'd never seen before. \"These seven days are going to be a special kind of hell.\" No one would eat with them. Or sit near them. Joe didn't know about his siblings, but he was keenly aware of the wide berth everyone was giving them. People who ate at the saloon did so in the smaller room, away from the bar. He glanced at them. Nick tucked down, shoveling food into his mouth like it might vanish, and Tessa, staring off into space like she wasn't even in the room. She ate in the perfunctory way she did when she didn't like the food. He snorted into his plate. They knew. They just didn't care. Tessa had found time for a bath somewhere and had let her hair down to dry. When she'd first walked in with Mrs. Cullen, he'd had to fight the serious urge to shoot someone. The way some of them stared, like they'd never seen a woman with hair before! Gold flashed at her throat where she'd left the top button undone, so maybe that was why they stared so. He glanced over again and realized what had been bothering him. Tessa kept her gun belt but had forgone her rust red vest in favor of just wearing her clean shirt. Nobody could see anything, but it was a curiously vulnerable look. No wonder the outlaw kept stealing glances at her. ! \"No.\" Tessa said firmly, palm flat over his heart. \"But that's-\" Nick protested. \"I'm well aware, and I said no. \" Tessa scowled up at them both. Vasquez-the-Outlaw was grinning wildly over her shoulder, and even Chisolm looked on in amusement. \"But he's-\" \"Chisolm decided to hire Vasquez even though he's an outlaw. I've traveled with him for several days and I have not judged him to be a danger.\" She paused, squinted. \"To us that is. So .no. bounty.\" Each word was punctuated with a sharp poke from her finger. ! \"...long as he stops licking his lips over mine.\" That snapped Joe out of his woolgathering. He glanced questioningly at Tess, who always seemed to know when he was in need of an answer. She tipped her head towards Red Harvest, who was, by then, eyeing the table with no small amount of suspicion. She didn't clarify. The meal passed in relative silence and true to form Tessa finished first, and turned her attention to staring out the dark hole of the window. She flicked a glance at him and Joe swallowed his last mouthful before nudging Nick. He grunted but got up to follow them. \"Goodnight everyone, see you in the morning.\" Tessa said politely. Joe didn't miss her toss an apple underhand to Red Harvest as they left the room. He didn't waste energy wondering where she got it. Tessa never failed to sniff out fruits and vegetables. They walked out into the quiet dark and made their way to McCay's boarding house without speaking. It was only when they were safely ensconced in Tessa's room with her pad and pencil out that she spoke. \"What have you learned?\" The pencil quivered expectantly in her hand. \"Bogue's got near a hundred men on his roster,\" Nick began. His chair groaned as he tipped it back on two legs. \"Give or take a few. All of them come well armed, all Blackstone's.\" Her pencil lashed across the page. \"Trained?\" \"Decently. More than few were in the war, and the rest were either rustlers or lawmen.\" A pause, she looked up at Joe. \"What kind of guns? Any surprises?\" \"Maybe a few repeaters, but they aren't standard issue yet so I don't think we have to worry about the whole lot of them having them.\" Joe assured her. \"Standard pistols and rifle assortments. No bayonets though. I think they had enough of gutting people in the war. One thing that bothers me though…\" Tessa's head shot up, a bloodhound scenting its quarry. \"What?\" He looked at Nick who shook his head grimly in the affirmative. Joe sighed. \"Some of the men made noises about Bogue having heavy artillery. I couldn't get them to say what exactly. McCann, Bogue's former right hand man was smart about it. He nearly caught on to us Tess. We couldn't press them for more information without setting him off.\" A match flared and smoke from Nick's cigarette curled towards the ceiling. \"He's right Tess. McCann was a leader for a reason. The man was as dirty as they come but he as smart about it.\" She sat back, eyes nearly black in the lanterns flickering light. \"Aha. We'll come back to that. What else have you found?\" \"The ground from the valley floor and into town takes too long to cover,\" said Nick flatly. \"Couldn't measure it exactly, but I counted it as best I could. Two or three minutes.\" Her pencil scratched and she tapped the page thoughtfully. Joe rolled his coin between his fingers. \"Alright. I'll be thinking on that. Maybe Chisolm will have an idea.\" \"They've got stocks of kerosene and the general store has a few extra jars for sale.\" Joe offered helpfully. \"Few nails and some broken glass, bit of det cord? Ready made shrapnel.\" His sister's grin was downright wolfish. Joe knew his own wasn't much better. Tessa's eyes glittered silver. \"Tell me more about this idea of yours.\"[Chapter 7] Hi guys! Hermes here! PLEASE READ THE BOLD? Okay first off. Thanks to my lovely reviewers, Dalonega Noquisi and Sam0728! Your faithful comments make my day, just so you know, and they keep me writing. The rest of you know who you are you lurkers you. I see your views don't think I don't. SEcond! I have made a poll! PLEASE GO AND VOTE ON IT MY LOVELY READERS! Tessa is going to be shipped with someone because I am a romantic and I can't resist . The poll is on my profile, or it should be. You've got four options, go nuts. Please? This is kind of a filler chapter, but necessary because I am a stickler for detail and like, Tessa is my gal, I gotta show her off. I aim to avoid having all the guys fall in love with her, because ew Mary Sue, but she is going to interact with them all, because hello character development. That being said, I feel like Faraday flirting is well in line with how I've been writing that goof. All that being said, on with the show~! \" I've got to get something inside me. Some coffee or something. And then the world will somehow be better.\" Terry Prachett, Men at Arms She closed her eyes for a few minutes and woke roughly to the sound of Nick pounding on her door. The gun she'd carefully hung on the side of the bed, (safely holstered of course) the night before was in her hand and cocked before she'd fully opened her eyes. \"Tess!\" All the breath left her in a rush. Tessa sagged back against the mattress and pressed a hand to her pounding heart. Usually Joe woke her. She had forgotten Nick's...aggressive methods. \"We're having breakfast in the saloon Tess! Hurry up! I'm not going to save you any.\" \"You'd better at least save me some coffee!\" she threatened, shoving her weapon back into its holster. Her brother laughed quietly on the other side of the door but his light tread vanished down the hall with no more comment. Tessa rubbed the sleep from gritty eyes and made her way to the basin on the far wall with unbalanced steps. She didn't waste time with the mirror; she scrubbed the sleep from her skin and tamed her hair by way of two thick braids. Tessa grabbed her binders and cringed as she eyed the long strips of linen; they were stiff with sweat and had become a beige color she associated with dirt. Or a general state of uncleanliness. The state of them! She shook her head and began the laborious process of wrapping herself, pushing up and tucking what she could. Tessa tried not to hurry. If she did it wrong, they would just get looser and looser until she might as well have worn nothing at all under her shirt. A series of lunges and stretches assured her the chest binding was as it should be and she quickly shrugged the rest of her clothes. A quick glance showed her writing satchel right where she left it. Tessa scooped it up quickly and made for the door. Even as she did she ran the sensitive pads of her fingers across her belt and noted the rough, cracked feel of the leather with a wince. Evidently, her linens were not the only things in need of some upkeep. She ran the town through her mind, considering where best to get the things she might need and swung the door open. \"Oh!\" Tessa snatched for her gun and forced herself to stop just as quickly. Mrs. McClay stared at her, blinking her watery blue eyes rapidly in the face of such a surprise as a customer exiting her room. The younger woman sucked in a deep breath and offered her most polite smile. \"Good morning ma'am, I apologize if I startled you. I'll just be on my way now. Have a pleasant morning.\" She brushed gently past the other, drawing the door firmly shut behind her as she did so. By then the woman had recovered from her shock and was eyeing her shrewdly. \"Don't you own any skirts girl?\" she demanded. The tone as much as the words drew Tessa up sharply and she paused on the step. Slowly, as slowly as she dared she turned to look at the lady. Her mouth was probably a pretty mouth when it wasn't all puckered in disapproval, Tessa noted absently. One foot tapped impatiently and the hand that wasn't occupied with a basket of bed linens made an impatient gesture. Tessa blinked. \"I beg your pardon,\" she began slowly. \"It ain't decent,\" interrupted the esteemed Mrs. McClay. \"And mark my words missy, this is a decent establishment.\" She sneered and wagged a long finger under Tessa's nose. \"Just because your brothers are fighting for our town doesn't mean you get to flounce around like some of them heathens across the way. So missy, you start acting decent, act like a proper lady, and I won't have my husband throw you out.\" Where on earth had that come from? Tessa blinked again and gently moved the accusatory finger from her general space. She touched her guns, equally gently, and loosened the knife in its sheath as if to check it was still there. She did all this, very carefully, while making eye contact. Mrs. McClay did not get the hint, but raised a still dark eyebrow at her, waiting. She shut her eyes and sighed. \"You seem to be laboring under some delusions. Mrs. McClay, so allow me to clarify,\" Tessa gave her a polite smile and held up three fingers. She ticked them off as she spoke. \". . Firstly, I will be leaving, I'm sure the Elysium has a corner I can sleep in. Second, these guns are not for show. And thirdly,\" she leaned into the others space, and the pulse hammered in the older woman's throat. \"I can wear pants if I damn well please to .\" Mrs. McClay gasped and clutched her proverbial pearls, nearly spilling her clean laundry in her upset. Tessa grinned. \"I'll be back some time today to move my things out of my room. If you leave everything just as it should be, I'll leave a generous tip.\" With a wink she left the gasping fuddy duddy at the top of the stairs and sauntered out into the sunshine. \"Did you get lost?\" Nick snarked but he slid a plate and a cup of coffee across the table to her. \"I met Mrs. McClay.\" Tessa replied shortly and gave a general nod to the rest of the table as she sat. Half the table didn't even glance up from their plates. \"Oh.\" Nick gave her a sheepish smile. \"Yes, oh.\" Tessa shot him a knowing look. She surreptitiously sniffed at her plate and tried a bite. With a shrug she tucked in. Better than beans for certain. \"What oh? Why oh?\" Faraday flashed her a grin around his mouthful of breakfast and Tessa raised an eyebrow at his apparent friendliness but didn't comment. \"Mrs. McClay of McClay's boarding house has decided that I am an indecent woman because I wear pants.\" she explained and took a tentative sip of her coffee. It was hot but not scalding and it seemed Nick had managed to scrounge up some sugar. She gave him a grateful smile. Faraday shook his head and swallowed his mouthful. \"Ah to hell with her. You fight decent and you can't fight in a dress.\" Tessa's eyebrows couldn't have gotten any higher if she'd tried. The onslaught of support was pleasant but entirely unexpected. \"I can fight in a dress,\" was all she said and Vasquez snorted from his place. \"I would have like to see that.\" he mumbled through a mouthful of food. \"No you wouldn't.\" chorused Joe and Nick quickly. Tessa glanced at them sharply and neither met her eye. \"What's that like, fighting in a dress?\" Faraday leaned on elbow on the table, into Billy Rocks' space. The other glared at him but gave her a curious look as well. Tessa considered a moment, flicking her gaze from her brothers to the newly watching eyes at the table. \"Breezy,\" she said finally. A few things happened in quick succession. Robicheaux snorted so hard he spat coffee onto his plate, Vasquez choked on his food, and Horne shared a despairing look with God while her brothers laughed. The noise edged on desperate. Faraday blinked at her, mouth agape and quickly dissolved into a gleeful belly laugh, while Rocks just shook his head and went back to his food. This was the scene Sam Chisolm walked into, resignation in every line of his body. He looked at Tessa. \"I'm not going to ask. You come up with anything last night?\" \"As far as strategies?\" Tessa sipped her coffee, meeting his eyes over the rim of her cup. \"I have a few things here, but nothing concrete.\" \"Well we'll need all the help we can get,\" Chisolm said heavily and sat down with his own plate. Tessa slid him her satchel. \"Open it,\" she said encouragingly. \"That's the list of supplies they found, things we can use. Our biggest challenge is shortening the amount of ground the enemy can use.\" He nodded slowly, eyes scanning her scribbles with a promising scrutiny. She chewed quickly and went on, \"I'm thinking if we can't find ways to bottleneck them, then we're done for.\" He found the last page, scanned it quickly and and his eyes widened. The expression on his face when he met her eyes was a strange one, page raised in question. The others made curious noises at him but Tessa met his gaze squarely and calmly explained. \"Shrapnel like that can stop a whole troop of men.\" The wagons began to roll out before they'd even finished breakfast. Tessa watched Joe say goodbye to several painted ladies, all of whom looked genuinely sad to be leaving him, as the others talked quietly behind her. She huffed softly and drained the last of her coffee. When had he become such a ladies man? Joe helped the last girl into the coach and waved her off, hat in hand and over his heart in a move that should have been theatrical, but actually came across as sincere. How he managed it, she would never know. \"You're brother has quite the way with the ladies.\" She turned slightly to regard Faraday who was watching Joe with begrudging admiration. She couldn't help but smile. \"Well you aren't wrong. He can be charming when he wants to be.\" \"What about you?\" He turned to her, voice abruptly low and silky. Tessa cocked her head warily, blinked. \"I don't follow…\" \"Can you be charming Ms. Newell?\" Faraday fixed her with a steady gaze that smoldered, and Tessa realized with an abrupt sense of dismay that he was handsome. Her belly fluttered and heat flooded up her neck. \"I-I don't-\" His smile unfurled like a peacock's tail as she scrambled for a coherent answer. Oh, seven hells . A heavy hand clamped on her shoulder and Tessa threw an elbow back sharply. She realized a split second too late who it was and Nick wheezed slightly. She was pretty sure Faraday snickered but she was so busy apologizing she couldn't confirm. She also missed the entire parade of townspeople willing to fight. Tessa turned to face the building next door, cast a pleading look to heaven, and fought to get herself under control. So,Faraday was flirting. He was probably drunk again. She was a professional , and she needed to focus . She could not afford to get distracted by a pretty face. With a firm nod, Tessa drew in a deep breath and was about to go after Chisolm when a hot puff of air across her ear had her freezing in place. \"That wasn't very charming was it?\" Tessa fought to disguise her full body shudder, but from the extra puff of air she felt, she hadn't succeeded. When in the hell had her neck become that sensitive? \"Oops! Sorry Faraday!\" Tessa narrowly escaped being taken down with Faraday as Nick somehow managed to trip over thin air and accidentally shove the other man off the porch. Concerned, she grabbed his face in her hands, studying his pupils and his color anxiously. \"You're not getting sick are you? You're not usually so clumsy.\" Nick gently pried her hands off his face and patted her shoulder. \"I'm fine Tess, nothing to worry about.\" He smiled thinly down at Faraday who was glaring up at him. \"Sorry again friend. Accidents happen.\" The smile Faraday sent back was more of a grimace and Tessa glanced between them, uncertain. \"No harm no foul. It's like you said, friend. Accidents happen.\" They didn't break eye contact, smiling sharp little smiles. \"Okay,\" Tessa announced, slowly taking a step back. Neither man so much as glanced in her direction. \"'m just...going to, you know, look over my notes. Talk to Chisolm.\" \"I believe he and Mr. Robicheaux have agreed to take the men out shooting.\" Horne gestured to the general area behind the Elysium by way of explanation. Tessa nodded her gratitude but couldn't contain the small sound of frustration. It wasn't how she would have done it, but Chisolm was in charge. Scowling (not pouting) she made her way back inside for more coffee. Might as well go over her notes again. Tessa sank back in her chair with a groan, muscles protesting the move. She frowned up at the ceiling. It wasn't enough to teach the men to shoot, though that was absolutely necessary. They didn't have enough ammo, and they didn't have enough guns. Even if they managed to funnel the men into the breach, that didn't mean they could hold them off long enough to whittle their numbers down to a manageable size. Figures whirled through her head as she tried to make it work. With a growl, she ran a hand through her hair, realized it was braided and swore softly under her breath. She rubbed furiously at her forehead and straightened.. Tension had built up in her shoulders while she was hunched over and they made their displeasure known very clearly as she changed position. Tessa flicked open her battered watch. She'd been at it for an hour and a half, and every hour was important, but she needed a break. Mind made up Tessa plopped her hat on her head, rolled her satchel up and made for the practice field. Guns were sounding periodically and as she rounded the corner of a small shed she almost ran into a group of men heading towards the makeshift shooting range. They were grumbling under their breath as a whole and she only caught a word here and there, something about \"impossible\" and \"better off shooting\" or the like. She watched them go, baffled as to what had gotten them so worked up on the first day. \"If you've come to see a show, don't bother, I'm going to help teach them to shoot.\" came Billy Rocks' low voice. Tessa turned, eyebrows raised. \"What on earth did you do to them?\" she questioned, trying not to laugh. Rocks gave her a flat look and wiped one of his knives off with a handkerchief before he sheathing it. \"I tried to show them how to use knives. They did not find it as easy as I do.\" Tessa folded her arms, appraising the straw dummies and noting the slash marks where Rocks had obviously demonstrated his prowess. She nodded appreciatively. \"I doubt many do Mr. Rocks. You're a regular artist. I like knives myself, but I've never come close to doing what you do.\" Rocks head tilted slightly, black eyes intent on her face. Tessa couldn't read him (which was more than a little unsettling) but she returned his study placidly enough. Then she made a decision. With a little sigh (he was probably going to take it the wrong way) she reached into her shirt and into the top layer of her binders and pulled out her favorite push dagger. By then the man's eyebrows had disappeared under the brim of his hat but there was a curious spark in his eyes. Tessa snorted and curled the dagger into her fist. \"I use knuckle dusters if I want to make a point, but if I'm in real danger I use this. I'm not fancy but it makes my punches count.\" \"May I?\" He held out a gloved hand, and Tessa smiled, flipping the tool so the wicked little blade lay balanced across her fingers, handle towards him. He picked it up carefully and curled it into his own fist. His hands were bigger than hers but it still fit, leather wrap on the handle and all. The leaf shaped blade looked totally incongruous in his clenched fist, but then he made a positively balletic move, slashing and spinning. Suddenly her little blade was dangerous. A wild, bright grin split Tessa's face. \"Can you teach me that?\" she demanded, practically vibrating in place, and quickly remembered her manners. \"Please?\" To her utter surprise, the stoic man gave a quiet laugh. \"Sure. But we'll start with these first.\" And he drew one of the many long knives from his belt and hand it to her handle first. \"Slash, stab, there's nothing to it.\" \"Oh sure,\" Tessa agreed brightly, testing the blades balance. \"But there's always something new to be learned.\" The look Rocks gave her was inscrutable but he seemed concerned, and Tessa just smiled widely. She was feeling better already. It was shaping up to be a nice day.[Chapter 8] Just so you know, none of you are crazy, THIS chapter 8 is very different than the FIRST chapter 8. Thanks to Dalonega Noquisi for your review, but the first version of chapter 8 really bothered me, so as I was struggling with mighty chapter 9, THIS happened. Enjoy! I enjoyed writing it, so much guys. Also you might have noticed, I'm shipping Tessa and Vasquez now! Thanks to the FIVE of you who voted lol. Don't worry my faithful readers, we'll be getting to the romance in a bit. Maybe. \"Isn't it...silly...how...upsetting just thinking can be?\" \"It isn't silly at all. The insides of our own minds are the scariest things there are.\" Robin McKinley, Sunshine Tessa growled under her breath and ducked into the cool interior of the Elysium as casually as she could make it look. She cast a sparse glance around and spotted one of the few remaining painted ladies passed out on the piano. The woman released a sigh of relief and leaned against a table, grateful that no one else was to be found. Nick and Joe had been awfully finicky lately, and she had no desire to see them try to tangle with Faraday. Even though it would be satisfying to give the man a black eye or two. She had nothing against him of course, he'd proven to be relatively benign. (His kindness towards the miners had been...unexpected, but pleasant). He was still annoying . \"Everything alright cher?\" A startled squeak escaped before Tessa could stop it but she coughed sharply and whirled around to face Goodnight, who was watching her, brows raised in amusement. His long rifle was cradled with absent-minded care in the crook of one arm, his hat in hand. The look on his face said he had heard her little slip up, but he was willing to let it pass if she was. \"Everything is fine, or it would be, except for Faraday, \" she responded darkly, aware of the scowl on her face but unable to stop it. Goodnight's smirk widened into a full-fledged grin. \"Oh?\" he asked, managing to make the one syllable three. He leaned next to her on the table. The glass in the cat's hand clinked sharply as it hit the boards but they both ignored it in favor of exchanging looks. Tessa had come to read Goodnight fairly well during their long \"discussions\" of literature, but in turn he'd come to read her just as well, if not better. The man could adopt a hell of a poker face, much to her annoyance. But in this moment, she had no problem reading his expression. \"Don't give me that.\" she pointed at him for emphasis, ignoring his snort. \"I have been trying to get work done, and Faraday keeps following me around.\" With her free hand she held her papers aloft to demonstrate. \"Which, you know, if he was being helpful, well that would be one thing, but he keeps wanting to show me card tricks .\" Her tone tipped up in bewilderment, which no doubt showed on her face. Goodnight smiled, barely restrained laughter in his tone. \" Oh? \" A blush leapt unbidden to her cheeks. \"Look, Goodnight, you and Nick and Joe have the wrong idea-\" \"We most certainly do not .\" the sniper objected, straightening up from his artful slouch in defense of his words. \"That boy has been flirting with you since you tipped him off his horse.\" \"Oh, that .\" Tessa waved her hand impatiently. \"I know that .\" She'd long ago established he wasn't taking her umbrage personally. It had only been a few days, but it felt a lifetime ago. \"But you aren't taking him seriously.\" Goodnight pointed out, finally dropping his smile. \"Well of course not,\" Tessa rolled her eyes and tucked her papers under one arm. \"I've got work to do. I thought that would get him to stop by now is all.\" \"Well, you can't say the boy isn't determined.\" he shrugged and put his hat back on with a courtly bow. Such was Goodnight that he managed not to look ridiculous doing it, even though he was holding a rifle. \"Here now cher, how about I escort you and fend him off so you can get your work done? What are you working on anyway? I thought the trenches were sufficient for whatever you and Sam have cooked up.\" She smiled up at him, pushing her worries about Faraday away for the moment, and pulled out a page to show him her ideas. \"Well, they are excellent of course, but the ground in front of the trenches is important, arguably more so.\" They walked into the sunshine, Tessa setting a brisk pace that Goodnight managed to keep and still look like he was taking a leisurely stroll. Tessa continued, indicating with one finger the line she meant to set 40 yards away from the trenches where the men would stay hidden until needed. \"...and this way, the men are safe from the bits of flying glass and metal that will cripple the enemy. Between the kerosene and the dynamite, it'll create a hell of a bang.\" Goodnight plucked the paper from her hand gently, looking it over with an eye that saw and understood the carnage she was going to cause. His eyes went dark, and faraway, and he adopted a faintly haunted expression. Tessa studied him, growing worried, but he came back suddenly, from whatever distant place he'd gone to and gave her a funny smile that turned her stomach, though she couldn't say why. He offered her the paper and she took it slowly. \"I,\" he said after a long pause. \"I am glad you are on our side cher.\" There was no judgement in his tone, but Tessa felt judged all the same, and her shoulders hunched inward without her consent. Goodnight left her after she'd delivered her news to Horne and Chisolm, who were overseeing the digging of the trenches. Chisolm was grave as he accepted the schematics, but he looked them over with grim approval all the same and went to set the lines where the holes would be dug, and the jars laid. Horne looked at her for a long moment and finally nodded, before going back to his work. Tessa's shoulders hunched further down. With that there was nothing left to do. They wouldn't let Tessa help dig, and the children had the pinwheels under control. Even Faraday had been conscripted into laying det cord rigging the explosives. She wandered aimlessly for a time, listening to Joe and Goodnight harass the men of the town into a better form of shooting, and the hammers rising and falling in various buildings. The work of preparing a town for siege was never done. Eventually she found herself behind the dry goods store next door to the school, staring out over the brush. It was a rare moment of quiet, and Tessa wished she could appreciate it, but she couldn't get Goodnight's expression out of her head, or his words. With a sigh she sat on the cellar doors of the building, set her writing materials at her feet and lowered her head into her hands. It was necessary . That was the issue. It was necessary, to lay the jars, and the dynamite, and-and hurt them to win. But the haunted look on Goodnight's face had jerked her into a reality she'd been carefully avoiding since she'd started planning. These were real people she was going to maim and kill with her devices. Tessa knew of course, that if she hadn't suggested it, someone else would have suggested something like it. Somehow that didn't make it any easier. Tendrils of hair escaped from her braid tickled her forehead as she levered herself back upright and she absently brushed them away, and looked down at her knees. Bounty hunting was one thing, she told herself. But this was warfare, plain and simple, and she'd never….Tessa pressed the heels of her palms to her eyes hard enough that colors burst there in the dark. She'd never systematically broken men before. And she was going to, no mistake about it. What the shrapnel didn't take, the fire surely would. And the sad, stupid thing about it? There was no other option. Not one that didn't devastate half the town and her people. \"Are you alright?\" Tessa's shoulders hurt when she jumped (she'd been holding them so tensely) and she looked up at Billy, startled. She'd been so wrapped up in her own head, she hadn't heard him coming. Something in her face must have revealed what she was feeling, because he read her expression carefully and then just as carefully, sat down beside her. Tessa stared at him, baffled, but he didn't speak, only lit one of his strange smelling cigarettes. He drew in a lungful of smoke and expelled it before he offered it to her. Tessa silently shook her head no. They didn't speak. He took three long puffs from his cigarette before the words found their way out. \"I've never been in a war before.\" she said, and wondered why those were the words she'd chosen. \"I've hunted men, I've trapped them and baited them like you would a fox, and I've seen them swing for their crimes. I've never done war.\" She didn't dare look at Billy, just watched the tall grass wave in the breeze. Tessa drew in a deep breath of smoky air and continued. \"The devices I've designed are enough to cripple a man, if not kill him right out, never mind what they're going to do to a horse. Between them and the dynamite….\" she shut her eyes against the onslaught her imagination offered. \"It will be hell Billy. One can take out up to four men, and we're going to have fifteen of these things out in the field. And I know, I know we won't have a better chance without them. We don't have the manpower, the guns or ammo, and the men can't shoot worth a dam.\" The energy racing through her was unbearable and she shot to her feet, pacing. \"I understand that. I do, and don't mistake me, I want to live and I want my brothers to live. And I also understand that if I hadn't suggested this then someone else would have suggested something else. Maybe something worse, though I seriously doubt it.\" She waved, encompassing the whole town in the one gesture. \"I hope I'm not sounding self important here, because I'm not trying to be honestly, but I've looked at the maps and the defenses we've laid time and time again and, and maybe I'm just stupid, but I can't devise a better way to decimate the enemy- But they aren't just the enemy Billy, they are men with families and lives, and the ones that run into the field in front of the trenches are going to die in the worst way. And I don't know how to feel about that .\" Her chest was heaving with her words and she finally looked at Billy, only to find him studying the sky with a quiet intensity that seemed incongruous with her outburst. She wasn't sure what she was waiting for but when he nodded for her to sit back down she did. She also declined his offer of his cigarette again. He exhaled a long cloud of smoke. \"Do you feel better now?\" Tessa blinked. \"Not really, no.\" \"Good.\" Tessa dropped her head into her hands, a hysterical laughter threatening to bubble over. She addressed her knees because further eye contact seemed impossible. \"Well thanks for that Billy.\" \"Do you think they could make that decision?\" In spite of herself, Tessa glanced up at him, a question in her gaze. He jerked his chin over to the flood of children, recently freed from the schoolhouse, and their mothers trailing after, talking and laughing. Emma was there too, talking quietly with the assistant schoolteacher. Past that scene, men milled in and about buildings, hauling boards and their voices were a low counterpoint to their offspring. It was a painfully domestic scene, even though she knew the children were going to plant the pinwheels and the men were preparing the town for war. Tessa's heart clenched. \"They shouldn't have to.\" she responded honestly. \"True. But do you think they could have?\" Tessa turned to him abruptly, ready to launch a return volley because, what, what was he even suggesting ? But Billy's steady gaze smothered the fire, and the words died on her tongue, and she slumped where she sat. \"No,\" she whispered. Because it was true. They had never seen what she was about to wreak. \"It isn't fair.\" Billy acknowledged. \"But you take responsibility for your bloodshed. And you did what they could not.\" He drew in another deep draught of smoke and the words puffed out white when he added \"And I like living, personally.\" \"So do they.\" Tessa pointed out morosely. Billy nodded. His cigarette was burning low. He didn't ask which \"they\" she meant. He knew. \"They knew what they were getting in to. They decided to come here and hurt women and children. The whole world hurts women and children, but very rarely do you get these clear cut battles, where you know what you are fighting for is right.\" Tessa met his gaze squarely, mouth tipping up at the corner. \"I think that's the most I've heard you say at any time.\" Billy took one last drag of his smoke and stubbed it out in the dirt. \"Don't get used to it.\" A slow smile curled her lips, Billy wouldn't meet her eyes. \"You're secretly a sweetheart.\" she accused, delighted beyond all reason. He turned and fixed her with a glare that had probably made lesser men quake in their boots and Tessa considered being frightened for a moment before she burst out laughing. He walked away, but not before she caught the barest hint of a smile on his face.[Chapter 9] I said there would be romance didn't I? Eheh, well, I don't know exactly where this chapter came from, but the story is quickly taking on a life of it's own, and those are the best kinds of stories. A little longer this time, and from Nick's point of view! Let me know what you think because I was trying to find that line between \"Aww\" and \"This is too cheesy to live\" and I'm not sure I succeeded. Special thanks to: Dalonega Noquisiwho has faithfully reviewed since chapter one! You are so encouraging! TheWorldInADay, you're reviews are always so thoughtful and inspiring, and I look forward to them! Sam0728, who has also stuck it out from chapter one onward! I thank you for mentioning the parts you liked specifically, as that always tickles me. Silly as it seems, you guys keep me going, so thanks so much for your reviews and encouragement. Hermes out! Hey brother! Do you still believe in one another? Hey sister! Do you still believe in love? I wonder. Oh, when the sky comes falling down, for you There's nothing in this world I wouldn't do. Avicii, \"Hey Brother\" In spite of everything, Nick found he liked Vasquez. The man was a murderer, and he tended to linger in his sisters vivid presence as if she held answers to his questions, but for all that, Vasquez was a solid, steady presence throughout the grueling workweek that accompanied fortifying the town. He wasn't perturbed by Nick's near permanent scowl (he had, as Tessa would say, a resting frowny face). Plus he was a good conversationalist. They could exchange a few words, and that would sustain them for the next few hours, whereupon they would exchange a few more words. You didn't find such men every day. Working alongside him was easy, and he never begrudged Nick his ignorance, he only asked that the other be willing to learn. And learn Nick did. The house he and his siblings wintered in had already stood when they'd bought the land it stood on, so no carpentry was required. He was glad to learn a little now, because there were sure to be a few repairs needed come autumn. Nick carefully carried the next stock of boards to the wagon so they could be distributed into town when it was full. Privately, he wondered if they would do any good. But no. Nick shook his head as if he could physically jar such thoughts into silence and nodded briefly to Vasquez before taking up his borrowed spokeshave and peeling strips of bark off the log he was working on. He eyed it critically. Two boards could be gotten from this, for sure. Maybe even three, if he did it right. He went to work a little harder. They were on the fifth day. If Bogue wasn't going to get there tomorrow, then it would be the next day. But they wouldn't get a day after. Even with men working around the clock, every bit of effort helped. \"Slow down,\" Vasquez instructed, without even glancing up. \"If you pull the tool too quickly, you'll get an uneven board.\" \"Does it matter?\" Nick countered, but he did as he said. \"Uneven or not, it'll still cover a window.\" \"Si, but, the boards can be used after the battle.\" Vasquez eyed his own work and gave a slight nod as if he was patting himself on the back. \"Provided the towns still standing.\" Nick muttered. \"Exactamente.\" Nick rolled his eyes and applied his tool as instructed. He'd gotten into a good rhythm when Tessa came striding in, a bounce in her step. \"Hey ho little brother!\" she greeted, and then, more subdued but not unfriendly: \"Vasquez.\" \"Tess,\" he frowned, not wanting to be interrupted. Tessa just smiled, eyes crinkling cheerfully at the corners. Dark wisps of hair edged out from under her hat, framing her face and making her look younger than her 28 years. Nick didn't care to look to see what Vasquez thought of his sisters \"comfortable disarray\" as she liked to call it. \"I've brought you some water.\" she lifted a bucket as proof. \"And for you too Vas.\" The nickname emerged casually, but Nick eyed her sharply, then relaxed. From the look on her face, she hadn't mean to do it. Vas glanced up at her quickly. Tessa quickly corrected herself, a blush showing ruddy under her tawny tan. \"Eh, Vas is fine.\" Vasquez waved aside her apologies, but he was careful not to look at her. Was his own face getting darker? Nick could only watch, with the kind of horrified fascination of one watching a lion rip apart a deer, as Tessa blushed harder. Her face was practically glowing with it. \"Then Tessa will suffice, Vas.\" She lingered on the last word and wordlessly offered him the dipper. He took it and Nick was treated to the sight of them staring at one another like they just couldn't help themselves. She likes him. Sweet Jesus she does. At the very least, she was attracted to him. But knowing Tessa, she probably hadn't even considered that liking him was a viable option at the time. When Vas had had his drink Tessa quickly exited, not even noticing Nick reach for his own drink. He watched her go, braid swinging with the force of her stride, and he knew he was gaping, but he couldn't help it. He'd never seen her so discombobulated over a man before. He slowly turned to look at Vasquez, who was very pointedly not meeting his gaze. There was, however, a hint of a smile on his face. \"If you touch her, without her permission they will never find your body. To hell with the bounty.\" he said suddenly. Vasquez looked up quick, once and away. There was a hint of the devil in his eyes. \"What if I get her permission?\" \"You won't.\" Nick said, aware he was being cruel, needing to say it. \"Tessa may act like a hellion, but she wants a man who won't leave her.\" Anything less is unacceptable. The tool jerked sharply in Vasquez's hands and he glared, but Nick stood his ground and met his dark look calmly. Vasquez was the first to look away. Nodding to himself, Nick turned back to his own work. There was no more conversation after that. Joe flung himself into the room. When he was upset, Joe didn't walk, he flung himself, as if the force of his ire alone could propel him where his legs could not. \"She likes him.\" he exclaimed to the room, empty, save for Nick giving himself a bird bath in the corner. Nick looked up from the soap and rag in his hand and his mind jumped immediately to Vasquez. If he'd made a move on his sister not hours after he warned him off he would- \"We have to do something about Faraday.\" Joe declared, abruptly derailing Nick's homicidal line of thinking. \"Wait, what?\" Nick blinked. \"Tessa doesn't like Faraday.\" Internally he winced. What were they, children, to use words like, well, like ? \"Yes she does, she's always laughing at him, letting him show her card tricks-\" \"Yes, he's flirting with her, but that doesn't mean Tessa is flirting back.\" Nick cut him off. \"She laughs at Rocks,\" (not that Nick knew how, since the man was terrifying) \"do you think she li-I mean do you think she's gone on him too?\" Joe floundered. \"Well, no, but…\" Nick recalled the look Tessa and Vasquez had shared earlier, and his sisters fidgeting. That smile on Vasquez's face. \"No, Faraday is not the one we have to worry about.\" Never let it be said both his siblings were too oblivious to live. Joe caught his tone and expression right away and his eyes narrowed. \"Who do we have to worry about?\" \"Vasquez,\" he sighed, and poured more water on the cloth in his hand. \"He and Tessa have been...looking.\" \"Looking.\" Joe repeated flatly. \"Looking.\" Nick scrubbed through the thatch of hair on his chest and down his belly. Water ran into the waistline of his trousers but he ignored the sensation. The day was warm, and even as evening came they would dry quickly enough. \"I warned him off.\" \"Do you think it worked?\" \"For him?\" Nick recalled the look of almost-shame in the others eyes when he'd finally looked away. \"Yes. But we should talk to Tessa. I've never seen her so...wrong footed...around a guy before.\" Joe sighed and sat on the edge of his bed. \"Tess is smarter than that. Trying to take up with an outlaw I mean.\" he clarified. \"I know.\" Nick wrung out his cloth. \"But I'm telling you, she likes him. Or, at least, she's really attracted to him.\" In his peripheries he could see Joe straighten, clearly startled. \"Tess?\" he asked, dubious. \" Tess ?\" \" Yes .\" Nick confirmed, annoyed. Joe slumped; a weird, skin crawly kind of giggle left him. \"Of all the times for her to get her head out of a book or a wanted poster and...and look.\" Nick nodded solemnly. Tess lived almost entirely in the abstract. For her to, well, notice someone was unusual. There was a beat of silence. \"So do you really think we should talk to her?\" Nick looked down at his scarred hands. Part of him wanted to say no, because as much as they all lived in one anothers pockets, there were somethings that shouldn't have to be discussed. Another part of him wanted to make sure Tess's attraction didn't blind her to any red flags. She was not stupid, but she was unused to romantic relationships. And he'd known smarter women to be burned by them. \"I do.\" he nodded at his hands. \"I will, later.\" Vasquez didn't seem like a wifebeater. But they never did. He waited until after dinner. It was the one meal everyone gathered together for, and more and more townspeople were joining them in the restaurant after they'd realized no one was going to hurt them. Dinner was, to say the least, interesting. \"Her name is Ethel, and I love her.\" Faraday slurred slightly, no mean feat considering how much alcohol he'd downed. \"Hello Ethel, charmed.\" Goodnight responded, amused. \"I consider her to be the love of my life,\" he rambled on, causing Vasquez to nearly choke on his food. \"And she is a no bull-shi**er, a straight shooter-\" \"Calm down now,\" Horne put in, calm-as-you-please, as Faraday took aim . Nick subtly shifted out of the line of fire. Tessa was snickering into her water. \"Put the gun away son.\" \"Her name is Ethel.\" Faraday corrected sharply. Or as sharply as he could while swaying in place. \"You will show her some goddam respect.\" \"Alright, alright.\" Horne said placatingly. \"...It's Maria you can disrespect.\" Joe loosed a honking gout of laughter that caused Goodnight to laugh twice as hard, and Nick saw Tessa nearly spit out her water in her amusement out of the corner of his eye. He shook his head. We who are about to die will laugh at just about anything. \"Don't tell Ethel about Maria.\" Faraday shushed them. \"Wait wait wait, my Maria cabron?\" The laughter died as abruptly as it started as they all turned to look at Vasquez, who, as far as Nick could tell, wasn't drunk, but was pretty serious. His eyebrows shot up and he glanced quickly between the two men. Faraday shrugged, awkward as a startled deer. \"You have a Maria?\" If he hadn't been watching, Nick would have missed the way his eyes flickered. Just a touch, but they touched on Tessa as he said it. Nick studied the man with renewed interest. Maybe Faraday wasn't as ridiculous as he acted. \"I have three Maria's!\" They all burst into laughter again, save for Tessa, who wore an odd little smile and quietly ate another bite of food. Nick studied her silently. Maybe no talk was needed, he considered, now that she saw what kind of man Vasquez was. Not a bad man. Just not good enough for her. Her eyes were flat and stark as rain clouds, revealing nothing as she shot him a questioning look. He shook is head. In spite of everything, his heart broke for her, just a little. \"...talk about guns, talk about women you talk about them separately.\" Horne was scolding, as only the older can scold their younger counterparts. \"It ain't right.\" \"Sure it is my friend, sure it is.\" Vasquez waved him off, talking around a mouthful. He didn't need to see Tess to know she was rolling her eyes. \"I had a family once. A wife, some children too.\" Horne's eyes went distant and Vasquez looked like he regretted his thoughtlessness for a moment. Nick couldn't bring himself to look at the man another moment. He shut his eyes against the onslaught of memories and Joe shifted in his seat so his arm laid against his. A thump brought him out of his memories of Bethany. Thank You Lord for this intercession . He would never be so glad to see another woman as he was to see Leni Frankel in that moment. Of course, the way she was eying Horne detracted from the moment a bit. He could feel Joe shaking against his side. \"Now the stitching will outlast you I imagine.\" \"Thank you, that's very kind of you,\" Horne nodded solemnly, reaching for his newly repaired vest. \"I didn't ask you to do that.\" \"Well I didn't ask you to ask me.\" She cast him a lingering look as she walked away and Nick exchanged a smile with Tessa. It was sweet, in a really...odd...way. Horne didn't look at any of them and Nick's smile spread a little wider. \"Stop staring.\" He wasn't sure who he was pointing to, but the gesture seemed to encompass both Joe and Nick as well as Vasquez. \"I didn't ask her to do that.\" \"Well I'm just saying, the lady did some poking and sticking for you, maybe you should consider return the favor,\" Vasquez giggled and made crude gestures with his fork. Despite everything it took all of Nick's strength not to burst out laughing. Tessa unfortunately didn't have his strength and clapped her hand over her mouth so she didn't send food flying everywhere. Horne took a long sip of whiskey to fortify himself as Tessa's belly heaved with her efforts and the others laughed. Nick walked slowly into the livery, hands in his pockets. He wasn't sure how to broach the subject. It was one thing to discuss protecting his sister with Joe; it was another thing entirely to tell said sister that he didn't approve of the one man she actually had eyes for. Possibly ever. Nick paused at the door to the adjoining stables and caught the soft sound of his sisters mellow alto voice. \"...so fill to me the parting glass…\" He winced. It was worse than he'd first thought. Nick squared his shoulders and walked in. \"Singing to him won't make him any sweeter tempered.\" he said lightly and Tessa's head shot up from her work of tending Scratch. The animal raised his large head and flicked long ears back, clearly irritated to have his nightly routine interrupted. \"I like him the way he is anyway.\" Tessa defended her evil mule, as she always did and haughtily resumed brushing him down. Because Nick was a coward, he let her continue uninterrupted for a few moments. When she'd first, ahem, \"liberated\" Scratch, the mule had been more scars than skin and filled with rage. He'd nearly torn her arm from her socket when she got a little too close too quickly. (He would never forget how she screamed.) Nick had been ready to shoot the animal then and there, in that little clearing in the woods. Tessa had talked him out of it, explaining that mules and donkeys were so smart, they knew to fear cruelty. Life had been so cruel to Scratch, he feared every human being. She'd tamed him though. Looked under the scars and the patchy hide and transformed the hell beast into...less of a hell beast. Her heart was an open gate for broken things, broken people. Maybe that's why she likes him. \"Tess,\" he started, and stopped when she turned to him. Her eyes were nearly black in the single lanterns glow. \"I know what you're going to say.\" \"You do?\" Nick asked, bewildered. He'd known she was smart, of course, but this was veering sharply into sorcery. \"Yes. I know I've been acting like a...a... girl ...in front of Vasquez-\" \"I thought you called him Vas now?\" Nick was unable to help himself and grinned when she glared and continued sharply. \"And I can assure you, it's not going to interfere when we fight.\" Nick ran a hand through his hair. Oh Tess. \"Firstly,\" he began slowly. \"You aren't a girl, you're a grown woman, as you like to point out all the time.\" That got him a smile, and encouraged, he went on. \"Second...that's not what I wanted to talk to you about. I mean it is...but it isn't?\" \"Is it or isn't it?\" Tessa demanded narrowing her eyes. Nick was already regretting his course of action, but he was committed now, by sheer virtue of Tessa's strength of will. \"I mean...it's...well I mean….The thing is-\" \"Nick!\" she threw her brush down and Scratch snorted, turning to eye her as if to say, \" Excuse me? You are not done here! \" She absently rubbed his nose to console him. \"Spit it out!\" \"Vasquez isn't for you!\" he blurted out and closed his eyes as soon as the words were out. \"That's not what I meant.\" \"...Pray tell, what did you mean to say?\" Her voice was cool, measured, and that was when he knew he'd really stepped in it. Nick drew in a deep breath and released it. He desperately wanted a cigarette. \"I mean. Let me just say this first. I'm glad you like-I mean I'm glad to see you paying attention to men. Lord knows you've ignored every man who's ever genuinely wanted to get to know you. I want you to be happy. You deserve to be happy . But Vasquez, he's a good enough man.\" He met her eyes sharply, encouraged by the considering expression he found there. \"But he isn't good enough for you.\" She sucked in a sharp breath. Frowned and looked away. Then: \"Because he's an outlaw right?\" \"Well, that certainly doesn't help.\" Nick agreed dryly. \"He's also got three Maria's.\" Both of the older Newell's startled and Scratch's head flew up, rings of white showing around his big dark eyes. Tessa drew his head down and murmured soothing things while Nick swore up at the hayloft where his brother's head poked out, grinning unrepentantly. \"How long have you been up there?\" he demanded. \"I fell asleep up here after dinner.\" Joe explained cheerfully. \"Tessa always gives Scratch his nightly rub down either right before or right after dinner, so I just figured I'd wait for the two of you. But then Tessa started singing and…\" He trailed off with a shrug. Nick pinched the bridge of his nose, struggling not to snap at his careless little brother. \"I could have used your help you know.\" There, that wasn't so terrible. \"You were doing a great job.\" Joe's eyes were dancing. Nick resisted the urge to throw something at him, but it was a close thing. Seeing the danger Joe hastily craned his head around to address Tessa. \"Tess, Nick's right, you deserve a great guy.\" He paused as if searching for the right words. \"You know, a guy who can totally handle a woman who can break his ribs if she needed to. There must be a guy who isn't scared of you out there, I mean the west is huge-\" \"Joe.\" \"Right, right. Just. For an outlaw, Vasquez isn't, you know, a terrible person. He's just, like Nick said, not good enough for you.\" Tessa looped an arm around Scratch's neck (which was always funny given the discrepancies in their heights) and looked down. Joe shot him an anxious look. Nick cleared his throat and approached the stall, carefully watching it's larger occupant. When he didn't lunge for him, he held out his hand. Tessa stared at it for a moment, but she took it. Her hand was small in his own, belying it's capable strength and he held her gently. \"I know you like him but he's….he could hurt you, and we just-\" \"You've said.\" Tess interrupted softly. Her hand tightened in his. \"Thank you. Both of you. But just because I am infatuated with someone doesn't mean I'll let him ride roughshod over me. My brain hasn't stopped working you know.\" Then, so soft he could barely hear her. \"I'm not Mama.\" Nick gritted his teeth and tugged her into a hug, ignoring the way the stall door bit into his rib cage. Up above, he could hear Joe scrambling for the ladder to get down from the hayloft. He hugged her tighter. \"Tess I know. I know.\" He pressed a kiss to her hair. \"I just want you safe and happy.\" A slender arm snaked out around his back to return the embrace and he could feel the exhale as she huffed a bit of a laugh against his shirt. He felt more than saw Joe hovering awkwardly at his shoulder. \"What an odd thing to say when we're gearing up for a war.\" \"...One conflict at a time Ricochet.\" The hand on his back slapped at him blindly and he laughed. Then he shrieked, a very unmanly sound as Scratch took the opportunity to ruin the moment by sinking his large, square teeth into his forearm. Still making very embarrassing noises Nick tore his arm free, knocking Tessa in the head and stumbling back into Joe, taking them both to the floor. Somewhere in the stall Tessa was laughing, high and sweet, while her hell-beast's large head craned over the door, ears flipping ponderously floor like he was wondering what Nick was doing sprawled on his brother and holding his arm. Nick hated him. But Tess was still laughing as she popped up from under his neck, hanging awkwardly over the low door and taking in the sight of them. Joe was swearing he was going to skin the beast and Tessa was laughing harder, and Nick knew he was going to have a sizable welt on his forearm where Scratch had pinched his skin. A smile still found a way onto his face.[Chapter 10] Hey guys! Sorry about the long time between updates, I am a little over two weeks out of open heart surgery (everything is progressing well!) and this is the first time I've felt like really doing anything other than watching Netflix so I hope you enjoy! That being said, I hope this chapter doesn't come out too disjointed; it was hard to get back into the swing of things, especially since I was trying to find the balance between sappy and serious. I hope its not too sappy. That being said, there are some hints to Vasquez's past, but they're very light hints since I haven't decided yet exactly what's going on. Also! The scene between Vas and Anthony is a deleted scene from the movie, and you can find it on YouTube. I'm so mad it was cut y'all, it gives him so much depth . Anyway, enjoy, let me know if it was too sappy! Next chapter we get into the fight. God help me I have no idea how to write it. \"Laughter went on and on, like sunlight and stone, even if the human beings who laughed did not.\" Robin McKinley, Chalice Vasquez rolled over in his bed and punched his pillow into a more comfortable shape. Even with his shirt off the room was stifling, too still after all the nights he'd spent under the stars. Gavin David had given him a good deal on the room; he hadn't slept so well in a long time. But that night sleep was far from coming, and he was painfully aware of the hours passing. A rooster crowed every so often, but even that was half hearted and muted in the night. He'd heard Tessa's light tread pass by his room hours ago, and Faraday's snores had drowned out any other noises quickly. Growling in frustration he sat up and wiped a hand down his face. A bead of sweat rolled down his temple. The boards were rough under the soles of his feet. She wants a man who won't leave . He bared his teeth in a silent snarl. ...good enough man. But he isn't good enough for you. Finally he gave up on trying to sleep and padded as quietly as could across the creaking floor to rifle through his saddlebags. With a triumphant noise he pulled out the half empty bottle of whiskey he'd managed to save from Faraday. Because he's an outlaw right? He took a long burning swallow of whiskey and shuddered as it settled into a pleasant warmth in his belly. For an outlaw, Vasquez isn't, you know, a terrible person. He's just, like Nick said, not good enough for you A wry smile showed on his face as he planted his elbows on his knees, recalling all too easily the scene in the stables he'd stumbled onto. ...he could hurt you… He wanted to be angry. It had surged in him at first, curling his hands into fists at his sides, followed quickly by a burn of humiliation that he hadn't felt since- \"Hijo! No lo hagas!\" They were right. He took another pull of whiskey and this time didn't shudder. That was the worst part. He was no good for her. No puedes irte, no puedes hacernos esto! Vasquez glanced out the window into the dark. The stars twinkled their distant brightness at him and he sighed. It was a long time till sunrise. Sam cast him sharp looks over breakfast but didn't try to figure out why he was so ill, a small favor for which Vasquez was grateful. A headache pounded behind his eyes but it wasn't his first hard morning, so he forced some water and food down his throat before getting to work in the the barn they had set up. Nick elected to work with one of the townsfolk rather than Vasquez that morning, fortifying the walls and support beams. He was in and out all morning. The schoolteachers boy took over his former station, attempting to peel the bark off a sapling. Even through the pounding in his head Vasquez noticed the mijo was just as bad at it as Nick, that cabron , had been. With a sigh he set aside his own tool and moved carefully to urge the boy aside with a sharp noise. The nino did as he instructed, eyes large and worshipful in his face. Vasquez shook himself demonstrated how to move the tool so it did most of the work. He nodded determinedly and did as the other instructed, glancing up at him for approval. Vasquez didn't know precisely what to do so he nodded to show he was doing well. His shoulders burned as he set the massive screw in his hands to work boring the through the log, but he knew his work well enough to keep an eye on the nino. He couldn't place him. Why was he here and not with his mama? \"Where's your mother? I haven't seen you with her.\" The boy kept his gaze on his work, shrugging like it wasn't a big deal, but his words cut Vasquez to the quick. \"She died having me. It's only me and my father.\" Vasquez cleared his throat, kept his eyes on his work. \"He runs the school yes?\" The nino scoffed under his breath but his answer was clear enough. \"He ain't much good for nothing else.\" Against his better judgement, Vasquez paused. \"Why do you say it like that?\" \"Cause he ain't.\" the nino (he was nearly sure his name was Anthony or something like that) shot back defiantly. \"I heard him talking to Mr. Stoner! Said he was afraid.\" The scorn for his own father was clear on his face and in his voice and Vasquez felt the events of the past day come crashing in. The throbbing in his head receded as he marched over to Anthony and snatched him by the ear, dragging him over to sit on the wagon, waiting to be filled with fresh-cut lumber. \"Sit down,\" he ordered sharply. \"You think I am brave because I carry a gun? Hm?-\" \"But I can help fight-\" \"Shh! Your father is braver . He carries something greater than a gun. It is called responsibility, and he carries it for you alone, all by himself! This responsibility is like a big rock that weighs a ton. It can kill a man. If he's not strong enough to bear it.\" His anger ebbed away leaving him exhausted and bitter than when he'd started. \"I don't have the guts to be responsible for anyone but me. That's why I never had anything. That's why…\" Anthony gaped up at him, wide eyed and he couldn't bear to look at him anymore. \"Just go. Go. \" The boy scampered off, right on out of the barn and Vasquez leaned in the doorway, knocking a fist gently against his forehead. He should not have done that. He should not have said that. \"Qué estoy haciendo? \" he muttered. When he returned to his work everyone was carefully looking elsewhere, except there was Nick Newell, at Anthony's workstation, watching him with a unreadable expression. Vasquez barely suppressed a snarl of irritation. \"I haven't even seen your sister today.\" he snapped peevishly, the throb in his head nearly unbearable. Nick looked down at the hat in his hands but didn't say anything. For a moment, he looked ashamed. Vasquez looked again, certain he was mistaken, but Nick didn't meet his gaze again. \"They're about to raise the bell in the church, Sam was wondering if you'd come help.\" Oh. \"Si , I will go now.\" The other nodded slowly and put his hat back on to go back out into the noontime sun. Vasquez followed quickly after and easily kept pace with the man, who was nearly of a height with him. Or maybe it was the other way around? To his surprise, Nick spoke. \"You look like you got hit with the wrong end of the bottle.\" Vasquez eyed him suspiciously, but the pain wasn't getting any better. \"Something like that.\" Nick still didn't look at him. \"Funny, didn't see you drink near as much as Faraday did last night.\" ...he's not good enough for you… Vasquez sneered at his bushy profile. \"Had trouble falling asleep.\" The words spilled out without his consent, even as the church came into sight. \"I heard some interesting things in the stables last night.\" Nick stopped dead in his tracks and Vasquez just kept going. It was a good thing Nick didn't try to talk to him after that because Vasquez wasn't sure what he would have done if he had. As it was, he quickened his pace and left the other man where he stood in the street, and Sam spared a nod his way before turning to Joe to discuss something. For once, Tessa was not at his elbow, waving papers and eyes alight- The sight of her didn't strike him, like in the stories his father used to tell about meeting his mother. She didn't take his breath away. But he steeled himself at the sight of her all the same, arms folded and weight held back on one heel, watching the proceedings with a gentle expression. She hadn't seen him yet, but he found himself wondering what she'd do when she noticed him. Vasquez shook his head slowly and walked into the church. He had work to do. Between all the menfolk they got the bell raised. Joe provided a running commentary that kept their spirits high, and in spite of himself Vasquez couldn't help but laugh at him. Neither of the Newell men knew much about carpentry, (or general upkeep) but they were good men in a crisis. Even Nick cracked a smile or two at his brothers antics. The metal was black with soot under his hands as he helped to raise the bell, but it was still sound and Vasquez proudly watched it rise under the combined power of all the men. Somewhere outside the church the clear, bright sound of Tessa's laughter sounded, followed by Faraday's voice raised in response. \"At least someone is happy in all this.\" Vasquez felt more than saw Nick look at Sam as they exited the church to find Tessa and Faraday arguing loudly about something. Strange woman. Tessa looked delighted to be fighting with someone and Rocks was shaking his head, an amused tilt to his mouth. Faraday leaned in close and said something he couldn't hear. Tessa froze, only to tilt her head to the side, eyes narrowed. Nick started laughing. The preacher shot him a concerned glance but Vasquez and Sam exchanged a knowing look. Whatever was going to happen was bound to be entertaining. They all watched (Nick just laughed harder) Tessa abruptly grapple Faraday, twist his arm sharply and lever him to the ground, with said man looking confused the whole way down. Sam laughed like he was surprised he still could and Vasquez shook his head. \" Mujer loca. \" \"Si.\" Sam chuckled. And then Red Harvest came riding in, trailing a plume of fine dust behind his horse. He dismounted easily and went straight for Sam, speaking his own language, a clatter of sharp syllables. Sam's face had dropped its smile as soon as he'd come riding in, but it quickly grew unreadable as he listened carefully. Nick had stopped laughing. The bell rang as the Comanche finished speaking and Vasquez fought not to shiver at the sound. Chance, nothing more, made the bell sound (well that and the school teacher) but he crossed himself anyway. Sam looked away and down without speaking. Everyone watched him, waiting to see what he would say. They all knew, Vasquez knew too, but they waited anyway to hear him confirm what they all were thinking. \"He's coming. Be here at dawn.\" There was not a lot of talking during dinner. True to form Faraday drank, but with a lot less laughter and much more silence. Goody and Billy didn't speak, they ate and smoked and Horne looked down at his plate, ate like he didn't see what was on it, and didn't care anyway. Sam was miles away, lost somewhere in his own head. He wasn't sure where the Indian was, but he never took to the food anyway, so that wasn't surprising. Tessa, Nick, and Joe murmured softly to one another, sharp lines of worry in their faces. For the first time since the siblings had stepped foot in Rose Creek they acutally looked like they were going to war. For his part Vasquez managed to eat, though the food tasted like dust. The three were the first to get up, but they didn't go far, moving out onto the Elysium's porch. Tessa had a hand on each of them, one gripping Nick's wrist, the other tucked into the crook of Joe's arm. The two men didn't seem to mind, and let themselves be herded out into the dark. Vasquez didn't watch them go. The whole moment seemed intensely private, something he should not be seeing, even if all he saw was their backs. \"Awful young for this sort of fight.\" Horne said suddenly. Since no one else seemed inclined Vas gave a questioning grunt. \"Them, I mean. Red Harvest too.\" He nodded to the darkened doorway. \"Too young to have been in the war, but not old enough for this.\" \"They chose to be here.\" Sam addressed his plate in a measured way. \"True enough,\" Horne nodded slowly. Sam cut him off before he could speak again. \"We all did. It seems to me we're lucky to get to choose where we might die.\" \"I didn't.\" Faraday snorted. \"I pay off my horse yet Sam?\" \"So far so good.\" A half-hearted chuckle rippled around the table and it seemed to set Robicheaux off; he jerked up and away from the table with a clatter. He grimaced politely at them and muttered something about needing a bit of air before taking the back way out. Billy hesitated a moment before quietly going after him. Their plates were half empty and Vasquez wondered idly if it would be poor form to finish them. He wasn't hungry per say, but you never knew where the next meal might come from, if it came at all. The air seemed to leave the room at that and Faraday cleared his throat sharply and went out on the porch where Vasquez could hear the Newell's talking softly. A half full bottle of whiskey dangled from his fingers and Vasquez shook his head. If the guero made it to morning without drinking himself to death it would be a miracle. Horne nodded to himself and scraped the last of his meal off his plate before he excused himself as well. That left Sam and Vasquez. Sam stared down at his plate, and Vasquez gave up the ghost and lit his cigar. He exhaled a long cloud of fragrant smoke into the air. \"You ready for this my friend?\" he asked. \"I…\" he hesitated, something Vasquez never thought he would see. \"I reckon so. Man can choose to run or die. Running ain't gonna stop death from coming for him though, so I believe I'll face mine straight. If it comes to that.\" The words touched a chord in him, a guitar string being plucked and as he pulled in a deep lungful of smoke, he briefly touched the pendant at his throat. \" Creo que entiendo lo que quieres decir. \" Sam surprised him by nodding like he agreed before he pushed away from the table and he left Vasquez wondering just how much the man understood. Low strains of conversation drifted through the doorway, interrupted by a low chuckle from Faraday. The lone man at the empty table released one more long cloud of smoke before he pushed away from the table and walked outside. It was an odd picture that greeted him. Nick and Joe sitting on the edge of the porch, Tessa leaning back against a post with a pad of paper on her knees. He thought she was writing (that had been her near constant state as long as he'd known her) but she didn't make the right gestures to be writing. Instead, when he looked closer he realized the smudges on her paper were drawings, graceful black lines that he couldn't quite make out in the low lamp light. Faraday probably couldn't see them either but that didn't stop him from pestering her to \"get his good side\", while Horne shook his head at the younger man's antics. Red Harvest flanked the other side of the doorway and Vasquez paused minutely to give him a nod. To his surprise the other nodded back. He found a pillar of his own to lean against and listened to the townspeople sing a hymn. The sky was large enough to swallow the sound, but that didn't stop him from losing himself in the music for a moment. Slow and solemn, the song, a song of redemption and blood and sacrifice, (which was a little on the nose for his tastes) bled away into the night and the preacher began to preach. \"They're good people.\" Joe said suddenly. Nick grunted quietly in response. It might have been a question. \"As good as any.\" Tessa's dark hair gave off a faint shine as she tipped her head to the side in a gesture that Vasquez already knew meant she was thinking. She inhaled sharply as if she would go on, but then she bent over her art again. \"Well go on and finish.\" The words left his mouth before he thought about them and all three Newell's turned to look at him. He chomped on his cigar, cursing at himself internally. He had not meant to say anything to any of them. Without their hats they did look as young as Horne seemed to think they were, and he saw Tessa smile crookedly. \"It wasn't anything important.\" \"Well now I'm curious,\" Faraday drawled. \"Sounds like a nice change from being confused.\" Vasquez snickered in spite of himself. \"You ought to be nicer to me, we might all be dead tomorrow.\" Faraday replied insolently. \"I believe being nice means being honest.\" This time it was Horne who cracked a smile while Nick coughed loudly into his hand. \"You're a hard woman Tessa Newell.\" Faraday slouched into the wall and pouted like a child. \"Oh my heart bleeds buttermilk for you Faraday.\" The guero opened his mouth to reply, looking deeply insulted but nothing came out. Vasquez craned around his post to see the tail end of Goody's mare as he road out of town. His stomach sank somewhere to his knees at the sight and he heard Tessa gasp softly. He felt more than heard Nick growl. The sniper rode past the townsfolk as the preacher closed in prayer and Sam stepped wearily up onto the porch. \"Where's Billy?\" he asked, searching their faces. \"I believe he has started to drink.\" Horne replied. \"Alright,\" Sam nodded almost to himself. \"Anybody else want to leave, now's the time. No one will hold no ill will towards you.\" Vasquez tapped his cigar against his palm thoughtfully. \"What about you?\" \"I...I believe I'm going to see this through. These people deserve their lives back.\" \"I have nowhere else to go, so...I'm in.\" He smiled at his own words. Who would have thought? \"I knew tomorrow was gonna be a dark day, but now there's one less of us, it's gonna be darker.\" Horne looked at each face as if searching for something. \"But...to be in the service of others, with men -and women- that I respect...like you all...Well I shouldn't have to ask for more than that.\" \"We're staying.\" To his surprise it was Nick who spoke for his siblings. He went on gruffly. \"Wouldn't be right to leave these people. We know what might come, we're as ready as anybody can be I think.\" \"We hope.\" Joe corrected. He smiled a smile that the darkness couldn't dim. \"Anyway, after all the work we put into this, I'm not going anywhere.\" \"Same.\" said Tessa firmly. Sam looked at them intently and nodded once before heading off to the church. Faraday cut and shuffled his deck and they all watched him go. An unexpected voice broke the silence. \"I'm hungry.\" They froze and almost as one swiveled to eye the Comanche. While Horne sputtered in surprise Tessa cackled and slapped at Faraday's knee. \"Pay up, I told you he could speak English!\" \"Wait you knew ?\" \"Hijole de la chingada, \" Vasquez swore. \"I suspected,\" she laughed and held out her hand expectantly. Scowling, Faraday dropped some money into her palm. \"You little sh** !.\" Horne laughed, and followed the Comanche inside, demanding an explanation. Tessa did the same, still laughing up into the guero's face. Faraday made grumbling noises like he was angry but Vasquez saw him smiling. He was grinning himself as he followed; he didn't even mind that Nick and Joe were right behind him, muttering to each other. Their priorities were certainly strange, Vasquez concluded. Gringos. You'd think they'd care more about their sister possibly dying than who showed an interest in her. Vasquez shook his head and walked behind the bar to pour himself another drink. Gavin probably wouldn't mind, there were bigger things to worry about. Nick and Joe closed in on Faraday and Tessa and wedged their way between the two. Gringos locos y autoritarios , he thought and knocked back his drink.[Chapter 11] Y'all. Y'all. My first battle scene! Holy crap I can't believe I did it! I worked really hard on this chapter, so I hope you guys like it! *ducks and hides* Sorry about the cliffhanger? But seriously, if anything is utterly incoherent, let me know , because I want to fix it. No doubt I'll be tweaking and editing as time goes by anyway. Thanks to Dalonega Noquisi for your review, and Sam0728...the time has come! Enjoy, and Hermes out~! \"One day all of us will die but-and this is the important thing-we are not dead yet.\" Terry Prachett, I Shall Wear Midnight Concentrate on your breathing . In on the count of four, release on the count of seven. The trench was cloying, smelling of sweat and the rank stench of fear. Tessa breathed anyway. In-two-three-four , and one slow breath out. Some men muttered back and forth, voices shaking but no one gave them a hard time. They were all afraid. Someone was reciting a quiet prayer down the line. She was acutely aware of her own heartbeat in her chest, in-two-three-four, of how her pulse struggled to race, but she didn't let it. Adrenaline would be no good in the fight, it would serve only to make her sloppy. She pressed one palm to the rough boards, cool even in the stifling space and let the rough sensation ground her. There is only this right now. Let there be only this. The bell began to sound. In-two-three-four-Exhale-In-two-three-four. Someone tried to play a harmonica, but they were quickly silenced. Tessa half wished he would play. A nice distraction from the oppressive silence in the trench. She could hear teeth chattering somewhere down the line. She clenched her own before she forced herself to relax. The drumming against her back as what seemed like a hundred horses rode down the valley floor disrupted her count somewhat and she felt more than heard the others in the trench stir uneasily. Tessa looked up at Billy and his eyes touched hers briefly. He nodded once, just slightly. Her stomach clenched hard with dread. Her jars were going to do their work soon; she was almost glad Goodnight wasn't there to see them blow. The horses were close enough that she could hear their riders whooping. How can men cheer when they go to kill? she wondered wildly for a moment before she wrestled her thoughts under control. \"Mask up.\" She pulled the tattered remains of her red scarf up over her face. (Nick and Joe had the rest. \"If this ends badly, these are how we can find what's left.\" ) They were close enough that she could make out individual words, blood chilling snatches of conversation they shouted at one another. Billy counted, quietly. To her right, the man shook so hard she wondered how he didn't shake to pieces. Her own hands shook in sympathy, and Tessa willed stillness. ... In-two-three-four... \"Five.\" They shuffled so they sat against the opposite wall. \"Four.\" Peter Gall's (nice man, worked in the livery Joe is by the livery supposed to be in the steeple what if he-) breath was rasping loud in her left ear. \"Three.\" By now some of the riders had split to head to mining camp. Faraday hadn't set his charges off yet. ( -Nick is in the mining camp he doesn't have any cover how can he-) \"Two.\" A cold sweat broke over her body. \"One!\" She knew it was coming. Billy counted, but the concussive blast rocked her back against the rough wall. It deafened her, followed quickly by another blast that drowned out the screams. The air smelled like gunpowder and kerosene. Ears ringing, heart pounding, shoulders tense with adrenaline, she forced herself to breathe and loosened her grip on her rifle. Somewhere, the distant part of her brain not in shock catalogued what she heard, what she felt and smelled. Horses were screaming, men were screaming... They waited to the count of ten, the most unbearable ten seconds of her life. Then sunlight flooded he trench and her body acted without her. She raised the rifle, sighting through the smoke ( -why am I in the trench I'm not that good a shot- ) and flames and firing quickly. Her man fell off his wheeling mount and she picked off another. The gun jerked against her shoulder but the pain didn't even register. Empty the chamber, reload, in-two-three-four- Tessa let Peter Gall pull her up out of the trench and drew her pistol, shot the man who would have shot him and they followed Billy into the fray. She drew her long knife with her free hand as she went and drove it into the stomach of her next opponent. Sickening warmth flooded her hand and wrist. Men were dying all around her, the acrid scent of smoke mixing with the tang of blood. A man came rushing up on her left, but Peter Gall took him down before he got closer. She nodded at him briefly and rushed one of the few men still on a horse. With a twist and a heave that made her shoulders burn she tipped him off his horse and Peter shot him. Peter twitched and fell, brown eyes wide with surprise. Tessa let the horse go and lunged for Peter's killer, teeth bared in a rictus of rage. Three bullets in his stomach and her gun was empty. She tossed it aside with a grimace and pulled out her push dagger. Three men rushed her, but Billy dropped them. \"Tessa come on!\" She swung, slashed and stabbed. The smoke stung her eyes and maybe she was crying, but surely it was just the smoke. A Blackstone pointed his rifle squarely at Jack Horne's back and before she knew what she was doing Tessa hurled her knife desperately, catching him in the shoulder. Lucky shot . His scream of shock drew Jack's attention and the big man finished him off, quoting Psalm 23. \"Behind you!\" He managed to bellow in his reedy voice. She spun and drove her push dagger once, twice, three times into a man's chest, and pulled a little more blood from him each time. He fell, and Tessa was gone before he moved on, but not before she yanked his gun from his belt. The windmill exploded as she lined up her first shot, courtesy of two of her kerosene jars and Tessa whooped (or screamed), pure terror and exultation coursing through her. The pistol was full, six shots exiting the chamber smoothly, dropped six men. Tessa lost count after that, hot on Billy's heels as he bolted back for town. The dynamite shed exploded as they did, more men and horses screaming. She dodged a bucking horse, but managed to keep her feet. The ground was lost, they'd done what they could. She lost Billy in the melee, when he swung around and fired as he fell through the air. Tessa paused, breathless behind the restaurant and took stock of her situation. -Where is Joe where is Billy where is Nick -. She forced herself to breathe. No guns, one knife gone, she had her push daggers, but unless she wanted to waste valuable time and energy killing each and every man by hand- Sam Chisolm rode up and forced his godd** horse through the back of the restaurant like it was a viable option. Shrieking, breathless, Tessa dove into his wake. Blood from his poor horse, splinters of wood and broken glass littered the floor, she burst out onto the street just in time to see Chisolm shoot a man in the face. Grinning triumphantly she turned and covered him as he trampled a man beneath his horses hooves. \"Head for the church!\" he ordered and rode off. She did. She tried. Three men in the street, one man in the alley between McClay's Boarding House and the grocers-her gun clicked hollow, the cylinders whirling on empty. The Blackstone grinned. -I'm going to die, Nick, Joe...- \"Tessie!\" A gunshot nearly deafened her left ear as Joe took aim over her shoulder and dropped the man who tried to shoot her. She grinned up at him, fiercely happy to see him alive and followed willingly when he grabbed her hand and towed her to the church. Past the school, past the Elysium and the -there's Nick, there's Nick!- a Blackstone lunged from an alley and Tessa didn't think, yanking her hand from Joe's grasp and neatly punching his throat with her push dagger in hand. Arterial blood sprayed over her face and Tessa instinctively slammed her eyes shut. Familiar hands dragged her away, hastily dragged a cloth smelling sharply of sweat and gunpowder over her face. \"Open your eyes Tessie!\" Copper spread across her tongue as she licked her lips, but it was a futile gesture, she couldn't muster enough saliva to clean them, or to spit the taste from her mouth. It was like hell, and the smell...Tessa scavenged another gun from the dead (. ..their dead my dead… ) and covered Joe as they made their way to the church. They tried, they tried. \"Get those wagons out, light 'em up!\" Wagons jutted out around the church settling between the barriers they'd erected, closing off any escape routes there. What Blackstone's remained on horses began to circle and Nick's face was awash with terror as he dragged his siblings into the Elysium. She scanned him quickly to see if he was hurt (why is he making that face?) and turned to Joe, who was looking green himself. \"You're supposed to be in the church!\" she shrieked at him furiously. \"I was, I saw you run in!\" he shouted back, eyes wide with panic. \"You're more use in the steeple you idiot !\" \"I-oh.\" \"This is great and all but could you two shut up and shoot before we all die?!\" one of the townsfolk shouted sarcastically. Tessa slapped open the cylinder of her stolen gun and swore. \"Three shots. Nick, we've got to get him to the church.\" Her brothers eyes, so similar to her own, blazed, but he nodded, and drew two pistols from his belt. \"Lets go.\" She grinned, well aware she looked something like a monster, and they swung back out into the fray. Men on horseback made easy targets. Tessa dropped on, tucked and rolled to his body while dodging his horses hooves and grabbed his rifle. She cocked it and emptied the chamber. Smiled when she saw it was a repeater. \"Go Joseph!\" she roared and fired point blank at the man attempting to ride her down. The impact knocked him off his horse. She spun around, slammed the butt of her rifle square into another's face, and slashed at his neck before he could get back up. Chisolm swam into her view. \"Joe's got to get to the church!\" she cried, hoping like hell he could hear her over the pitch of battle. He didn't look at her, sighting down the barrel of his rifle and dropping more Blackstones heading their way. Tessa spat a curse and wheeled to the do the same. She saw Joe ( his hats gone the sun will get in his eyes ) sprinting for the church, and miracle of miracles, Vasquez and Faraday were covering him from their end of the kill zone, dropping anyone who sought to stop him. Nick was halfway, brawling in the street; he'd gotten Joe halfway there. A triumphant war cry rose up without her consent and she fired again, catching a Blackstone in the chest. A man half dead in the dirt tried to shoot her but she kicked the gun from his hand and brought her rifle's butt sharply down on his skull The blood abruptly froze in her veins as a sound like she'd never heard came from behind her. A body thudded into the dirt next to her and she spun, badly startled and fully exposed to see Goodnight riding into the middle of town, firing ( hit them every time ) at a full gallop. He reined in his mare sharply, voice a rasping scream: \"They've got the Devil's Breath! They've got a goddamned gatling gun !\" A high, whining keen clawed its way out of her throat and her knees threatened to give way. Goodnight looked right at her, held out a hand. \"Get on girl!\" He hauled her up behind him with surprising strength and kicked his horse into a gallop, screaming a warning the whole way. The horse navigated the fallen with ease, she shot the survivors, or tried to, she was no Goodnight. As the rode she caught a familiar shape was stretched out on the street and Tessa's heart stopped. (- no no no no no-) \"It's a gatling gun get inside, get inside, get inside!\" Tessa half leapt half tumbled from the mare's sweat dark back, still clutching her rifle. Vasquez's eyes met hers for only a moment and widened with horror even as he turned away to keep shooting. \"Get inside chiquita!\" \"You get inside you stupid Mexican!\" she shouted wildly back and bolted forward to meet a Blackstone before he could get closer. She was out of bullets again, and caught his jaw in a wide swing with the butt of her rifle. Another gunshot sounded off behind her and a rough hand snatched the collar of her shirt and hauled her into the blackened ruins of the church, punctuated by angry Spanish. Tessa watched dumbly, had enough time to see the wooden walls of the church spontaneously spit chips of wood (-bullets, those are bullets- ), and she stumbled as her right leg abruptly stopped working. \"¡Baja a Tessa- Ah! \" Vasquez fell down over her, yelping and pinning her to the floor. His mouth was just by her ear, voice guttural with pain. \"Stay down, stay down! If she'd had any breath to spare she would have told him she wasn't going anywhere. As it was, the breath had been knocked from her lungs by the sheer weight of him, and anyway, he probably wouldn't be able to hear her over the gatling gun. Her side and leg were burning, a persistent sprawl of heat spreading from her wounds. It didn't hurt until Vasquez rolled off her, grinding her thigh into the wooden boards and Tessa's eyes rolled in her head, white spreading over her vision. \"Tessa? Tess-Dios mío, estás sangrando, ¿cómo lograste esto?\" Someone pulled her so she laid on her back. \"They're reloading, stay down!\" Had the gatling gun stopped? Tessa blinked her way back to sight, breath tinny and whistling in her ears. Y ou're hyperventilating you stupid girl, the working part of her brain pointed out, but she wasn't able to stop. Vasquez's face swam into view, punctuated by black spots dancing in front of his face. He was saying something but he might well have been talking in Spanish for all she understood him. She tried to tell him she needed a tourniquet on her leg- A wave of agony swamped her, and Tessa screamed-or she thought she did? Distantly she understood what was happening as Vasquez lifted her left to get whatever cloth he'd managed to scrounge up under her thigh, she felt the pressure as he pulled it tight. All of that was a distant second to the pain of her leg being moved. Tendon must have been cut, or a hamstring? Tessa tried to arch away from the pain only to stop herself as the bullet just under her shoulder made itself known. \"Is she hit? Oh sh** she is!\" \"Put pressure on it!\" \"I am putting pressure on it cabron.\" \"The children!\" \"Go, go on!\" \"Come on Billy!\" Get up girl don't be deadweight. Tessa forced her eyes open and met Vasquez's worried stare with a grimace. \"Help prop me up I can shoot.\" That might have been a lie, but the tourniquet was tied and someone pushed her into a sitting position so they could get at her shoulder. Vas shot her an incredulous glance as he stood and directed the others into position. \"I can!\" she insisted. \"We need every-\" Whoever was working on her back pressed exactly wrong and she cut herself off with an embarrassingly high pitched sound. Tessa shook her head, dizzy. \"Put me at a window, I'll put my weight on my good leg.\" \"You'll fall over you crazy woman.\" he retorted, but then, to the person behind her said, \"Here let me take her.\" He got a grip under her armpits and dragged her upright. The pain from her leg was bad and her shoulder clamoured loudly for attention, but she stayed conscious this time, even if her head swam. With effort she refocused, and declared hotly up into his bemused face: \"Yeah, but I'll get off a good shot before I do. I'm not dead, so I'm not done.\" Of course, the effect was somewhat ruined when she swayed on the spot, pain lancing up into her groin as the ruined muscles of her thigh protested. Tessa pressed her lips together sharply but Vasquez wasn't fooled. He made a sharp, exasperated noise between his teeth but his hands were gentle as he helped situate her in a kneeling position. Tessa hissed when he accidentally pressed on her shoulder wound. He was right, she wasn't able to brace herself and when she cocked the blood spattered rifle she recalled she had no bullets. \"You are a ridiculous- give me that.\" He plucked the rifle easily from her grip and handed her one of his pistols. He took a shot out the window. \"They're coming get ready!\" \"Oh and here I thought you liked me.\" She aimed to be charming but the words came out more breathless than she would have liked. Tessa squirmed into a better position and took careful aim. It took a lot more effort than it should have. Vas turned back to her and she noticed for the first time the blood staining his shirt. \"Like has nothing to do with it chiquita, I've never met a woman so crazy as you.\" \"Good to know,\" she gasped and sagged against the sandbags. The gatling gun chattered again and Vasquez was suddenly on her again, smelling strongly of sweat and blood and gunpowder as he pressed her into the sandbags. ( -I probably don't smell too good myself- ) There was a grunt and audible thump as someone didn't get down quickly enough. Somehow her fingers found their way into his shirtsleeve. She hoped it wasn't his bad arm. There were men outside shouting, but the gun was quiet, and Vas came out of his protective crouch. \"Ammo, andele!\" \"I've got four shots,\" Tessa panted, and watched the preacher press a handful of bullets into Vas's hand. \"And this is all we've got.\" said the man. Tessa made a decision. \"If you can use your other arm here,\" she said quickly and held out the gun he'd given her. \"You're a better shot than I am and I think I'm going to pass out.\" The look he shot her was nothing short of alarmed but he took the gun, and handed her the loose bullets. \"Stay awake long enough to reload this eh?\" \"I'll try.\" She wanted to be witty at that moment (dying with anything less than sass was simply unacceptable) but the words came out in a reedy whisper and she wondered distantly how much blood she had lost. She clenched the shells in her fist and reloaded them with trembling fingers. Another pair of hands, bloodstained, (- the preacher, he must have patched my- ) worked with hers to load the chambers. \"Five bullets.\" he told Vas, as the other fired. Somewhere in the steeple Goodnight was loosing that haunting yawp of a war cry. \"Plenty to shoot out there preacher!\" He took the pistol and fired off three shots in quick succession. Then he was up, bolting out the door and into the firefight, shouting something about a guerito and a cabron, urging them to go. \"Ride, Faraday, ride!\" And Tessa heard her brother's voice, from up in the steeple. \" Go Nick! \" . ..Like we're at a sports game… she thought vaguely. Why was Joe cheering for Nick? Hadn't she seen- \"Miss are you alright?\" \"...thas' a st'pid ques'ion.\" she slurred up at the blurry preacher. \"I-\" The steeple was peppered with bullets and Tessa knew a moment of breathless fear that dragged her back into full consciousness. Joe was in the steeple. It was a futile gesture that had her struggling to stand. The preacher, bless his soul, was trying to keep her down when they both froze at the sound of the belfry crackling and crashing. A body slid off the roof. She saw it fall through the window and tattered boards. \"Joe, Joe-No..\" she tried dizzily to fight off the hands that held her, but she was cold and weak. They held her down. Spots were dancing on the ceiling...[Chapter 12] It occurs to me you guys might be getting bored? I hope not! I'm not trying to be slow, honest, this is just the way the story is going. I'm flinching back from writing grief, because I'm more attached to some characters than others, so like, I get secondhand embarrassment or a case of the feels. Anyway, I did a LOT of research into the Comanche history and belief system and all that, and it's like the foundation that built this chapter. Not so many facts, but to help me characterize and write Red Harvest, I had to really study. So, there are no Comanche phrases or anything, because I am not touching an non-Latin-based language with a ten foot pole. I'm restricted to English, Spanish, and French y'all, so bear with me. The hardest part of writing this chapter was finding the balancing act between Red Harvest being distinctly other and him knowing he is an outsider, and him being a human being who has compassion on these people and wants to help. So like, let me know what you think of how I'm writing him, because he's such a cool character and should be well represented. Also I researched both mules and horses, for this, and...like is this chapter pointless y'all? I like it, I think it's important, but I don't know how or why it's important. Ah the joys of writing. Finally, you'll find out some of the names of the dead. We aren't going to see Tessa's reaction until chapter 13. God help me. \"Battle is gruesome, but it is vigorous, alive. The aftermath is the worst of it; adrenaline fades, quiet sweeps in, and there's nothing to distract you from the mess of bodies and churned earth.\" -Darrell Drake, A Star-Reckoner's Lot The street was a nightmare. Even after the initial confusion and hurry of gathering the wounded, there was still much to do. Blood soaked the dirt, the copper scent mingling with the piss and other leavings from dead men. Flies had already started to swarm the dead. A horse occasionally picked it's way through the carnage, or tried to, the whites of their eyes showing in the high flung heads. Most of the horses were collected by Red Harvest, who knew horses better than he knew people. There was one who refused to come to him though, and did not let him near. The mule, that ragged and scarred beast. Red Harvest had seen all manner of horses, every shape and size, and he was familiar with the donkeys white farmers favored for smaller projects. He had been given to understand that mules were the best of both horse and donkey. This mule was clearly the worst of both. He had heard Tessa call him Scratch. He had seen how she cared for him, the easy trust between the two, and his aggression towards anything that wasn't her. The large animal lowered his head and flicked large ears forward, clearly inspecting him. His instincts were rarely wrong, and they were telling him to be very still. Scratch didn't seem concerned with the dead, or the flies, or even the buzzards that had started circling, no matter how fast the surviving townspeople worked to gather the bodies. He stepped with care around them, over them even, but the whites around his eyes were gradually shrinking, It was a dangerous animal that could adjust to bloodshed like that. Red Harvest felt he could respect that. Still, he had to get the animal out of the street. He was too violent, and he would get in the way, since he refused to flee like the horses had done. Tessa couldn't remove him. Two men had carried her between them into the doctor's house some time ago. She had been an unsettling shade of white -even for a white person- and the bandage on her thigh was soaked with blood. There were so many wounded, many worse than her to be seen by the one doctor, he wasn't certain she'd live long enough to get good medicine. His mind strayed to his ration bag, tucked safely away in his buffalo hide. He'd packed it while he was out scouting with all the good herbs he could find, things like snakebite medicine, buffalo plant, yarrow, and more. He could use them. He could help. If he could just get Scratch to yield. Red Harvest took a step forward. Scratch took a step back. The knowledge that people were dying while he danced with this foolish animal itched between his shoulder blades and Red Harvest fought to keep his body relaxed. If mules were anything like horses, they would pick up on his stance, on how he walked, and react. Scratch's nostrils flared inquiringly, and an idea struck the Comanche. He sighed through his nose. How could he not have thought of that before? Stepping quickly and quietly through the ruined street he ducked into the livery and picked up a few withered apples, a rope and halter, and a lump of salt. No one was there to tell him he didn't belong or that he had no right, and he returned to where he had left Scratch, breathing a silent prayer of thanks to the creator that the stubborn animal had not wandered off. Scratch's ears flicked back, and then forward again, and Red Harvest took a large bite of the apple. ! The woman tossed him an apple underhanded and smiled at him. Red Harvest looked down at it in surprise, and with no small amount of suspicion. But it was just a normal apple, firm and sweet smelling and a nice rich red, if a little on the small side. Had she really noticed he hadn't been eating? ! Scratch's head picked up at the audible crunch of food and he took a step forward, curiosity in every line of is body. Red Harvest held out the apple and looked away. He could feel him hesitate. The animal was proving to be smarter than most horses, and much more suspicious. If he'd had more time… The Comanche felt more than saw Scratch move, stepping carefully forward and nudging at the fruit. His neck was fully extended, the mule kept his body away. The apple was taken, teeth scraping across the ball of his thumb, but Red Harvest refused to flinch. Very slowly he transferred the other apple to the same hand. Scratch stepped closer. The second apple followed the first and in one smooth move he slipped the halter over the mule's large head. It was pure luck that it fit, and Scratch stiffened, eyes flashing white and lips rippling. Quick as a cat Red Harvest slipped a little salt into his lower lip and over the bottom row of teeth. Scratch stopped, lips and tongue working furiously. He was distracted enough that Red Harvest was able to lead him to the corral. He would be alone with other animals, but at least the townspeople could get on with their duties. As he shut the gate the mule thrust his large head over the top beam, as if asking how he had come to be here. Knowing he needed to be respectful of the beasts teeth Red Harvest slid the halter back down off his head, stroking quick and light, just once, down his rough forehead as he did so. Scratch's large ears flicked back, forward, back again, and finally relaxed. He nodded to himself, considering. Red Harvest hung the halter back where he'd found it and detoured to retrieve his ration bag. He would go find Sam. If anyone could convince the white people that one of the Numunu could help, it was him. If his path was going anywhere, he had a feeling it was going to be alongside Sam Chisolm's The doctor was too busy trying to keep his companions alive to bother with Red Harvest. The front room of his office -so Sam had called it- was overflowing with the wounded, in different states of pain and alertness. Some men groaned like they were dying. Some men truly were dying. Women of the town moved among them, giving water and bandaging what they could, but until the doctor came there was nothing they could do. He looked at his ration bag and privately wondered if such a small thing could make a difference. He didn't notice the elder at first, but the boards behind him creaked and Red Harvest quickly turned to meet startlingly light blue eyes. He would never get used to the paleness of such eyes. The person they belonged to was one of the town elders, stoop-backed with age but his hands were still steady. \"Are you wounded young man?\" He plainly wasn't. But Red Harvest lifted the flap on his ration bag to show him the herbs he had collected only yesterday. The elder's blue eyes lit up in delight. \"Ah! Yarrow, I see, and greenbriar, and buffalo weed! This will help. My stores have been depleted already. Will you help me mix these? I have other herbs in store of course, but fresh is best-\" Somehow Red Harvest found himself following the elder out into the street again, and unthinkingly offered his arm so he could make it safely down the steps. The other barely paused for breath to thank him, clutching his forearm and setting off more quickly than Red Harvest would have thought possible. \"-we'll need teas to strengthen the blood and poultices to draw the infection from the wounds. Not to mention we'll need to make-Ah, what is your name young man?\" \"...Red Harvest.\" \"Ben Truebill, town apothecary.\" Sharp blue eyes twinkled up at him briefly, but the light suddenly died. \"This is my shop,\" he waved a hand at the building they stopped at. \"I underestimated just how many wounded there were going to be. I have to get more medicine. Do you know any of your peoples remedies that might help? We need all the help we can get and quickly.\" The shop smelled comforting, after the massacre out in the streets, like herbs and green things growing. Red Harvest quickly took in the rows of boxes lining the wall and the shelves full of bottles as they passed through the front room and into the back. There he understood. This was where the elder mixed his medicines. Bowls, and pestles and mortars for grinding littered every flat surface. Bundles of dried herbs hung from the ceiling and plants, herbs for good medicine were carefully tended and sitting in pools of sunlight. The carnage outside had not touched this place. \"Some.\" he finally said. Ben Truebill nodded. \"Then get to work. We'll need things to staunch the blood and tea's to replenish the blood that was lost and much more besides. You can use anything in here you want, but if you need something I don't have, I'm afraid you'll have to go find it yourself. I'm not as young as I used to be and my apprentice is-\" The elder coughed, voice growing rough. Tears glittered in his eyes and he made no effort to hide them as he smiled weakly at Red Harvest. \"-I mean he was the one to go and gather new herbs for me.\" \"I understand.\" The others shoulders straightened and lifted his chin proudly. \"Good, good. I'm going back to Dr. Hinz's office with some more medicine. Hopefully we won't lose any more today.\" With that the elder limped back out into the front room, and Red Harvest could hear him rustling about, muttering to himself about what was where and what it did. He looked down at his ration bag and carefully tipped it's contents onto the largest table so he could begin. The rest of the day was spent in and out of the apothecary and Dr. Hinz's office, forcing medicine down gasping throats, changing bandages and applying poultices to encourage broken flesh to mend. Of the few of his companions that had survived, Goodnight was the worst off, having fallen off the roof after getting shot. Until he woke up -if he woke up- the doctor couldn't tell if his back was broken or not. Rocks was a close second, he'd taken fire too, but not as much as he could have if not for Joe Newell. They'd found the young sharpshooter dead, and Rock's breathing. He'd died shooting, and had taken most of the bullets in the doing. Both Goodnight and Rocks were alive because of him. Faraday wasn't as bad as the other two. He'd taken several shots, but Nick Newell had shielded him from most of the explosion. Vasquez had found Faraday senseless, but alive, under what was left of Nick. Red Harvest had seen Tessa earlier and was the one to tend her leg and shoulder. Of all of them, she would be back on her feet first, but the blood loss kept her down and sliding in and out of the waking world. She still didn't know her brothers had died. He'd left the widow Cullen with a tea from Ben, and instructions to give it to her every time she woke. There had been no chance of saving Horne though. Red Harvest had collected the old trackers body himself. It was long after dark when Sam pulled him aside. He pointed to the doctor, slumped at his desk, and Ben Truebill, fast asleep on a spare pallet (some could not be saved) and told Red Harvest it was time to eat and rest. The women could take it from here, and someone would be woken up if any of the patients got any worse. He cast a glance at the sleeping forms, lit by a few candles here and there and nodded slowly. He was hungry. Sam led him to the battered remains Elysium where most of his companions had been staying. Someone had been hard at work while he had been healing, sweeping up the broken glass and setting tables and chairs back up right. There was no covering up all the damage with a single days work, but a tired woman smiled at him and gave him a plate of food. Red Harvest was tired enough that he ate it all. Vasquez nodded at him, weariness in every line of his body, even as he numbly shoved food into his mouth. Red Harvest ate two plates of food. He hadn't realized until that moment just how hungry he was. Sam didn't eat. He sat at the table and stared down at the glass in his hand but didn't drink it. They sat that way for a long time. He was used to silence of course, he'd been in his own company for a long time. But the silence at the table was heavy and thick. Just when he thought he'd have to leave -he was tired too- the widow Cullen walked in. She sat without asking and nodded at each of them. Sam looked at her closely and slid his glass over to her. Her eyes flickered around the table, but she shook her head and drank it in one gulp, shuddering as she did. The 'clack' it made when she brought the glass back down was loud in the silence. \"How is she?\" They all looked at Vasquez, who had his own glass and a bottle at his elbow. He stared back, expressionless. \"...Doc thinks she'll make it.\" the widow replied after a time. \"Some blood loss, but that tea you gave her seemed to help.\" To his surprise, she spoke to Red Harvest, who didn't let it show on his face as he nodded slightly. \"She said anything?\" She opened her mouth, shut it, looked down at her hands. Her voice was thick when she managed to speak, \"She keeps asking for her brothers.\" \"You didn't tell her they're dead?\" said Sam sharply. Emma Cullen shook her head helplessly. \"I didn't know how to tell her.\" she whispered. \"She'll find out soon enough. Let her-\" \"Her thinking those boys are alive for one second longer than she has to isn't gonna help her in the long run. They will be buried tomorrow .\" Sam cut her off, voice hard. He climbed heavily to his feet. \"I'll...I'm going to tell her.\" The woman surged to her feet, furious and blocked his path. \"What good will that do? So she can spend the night wide awake and knowing the people she loves are-\" \"And tomorrow is better? When she has all day and the rest of her life to know? What's one more day? You aren't doing her any favors in the long run Mrs. Cullen. Believe me, I know.\" For the first time since Red Harvest had met him, Sam Chisolm actually looked angry. Mrs. Cullen swallowed sharply and looked away. No one tried to stop Sam after that. He put his hat on and left quickly. Emma seemed to fold in on herself, sinking into her chair like her legs wouldn't hold her anymore. Wisps of red hair fell into her face but she didn't bother push them out of her eyes. Vasquez sighed and poured her another drink. \"He's right.\" \"I don't think-\" \"They are already gone.\" Red Harvest was surprised to hear himself speak, but he went on. \"They died like warriors, and she should know. Their stories should be told.\" Vasquez nodded slowly through his surprise. \"He is also right.\" Emma looked him square in the face, grief heavy in her eyes, and it dawned on him that she knew about grieving too, and her own was fresher than Sam's. Maybe she had wanted a time of not knowing. It seemed like years ago, but he had seen her kneeling on her husband's grave just that morning. Still she had fought. Her husband had fought. He nodded slightly, respectfully, at her. \"I'm going to bed gentleman.\" She drank her second glass of whiskey and set the glass down much more gently than she had before. As she stood she nodded respectfully to them both, but said to him: \"Thank you for saving my life Red Harvest.\" Vasquez shook his head and drank straight out of the bottle. \"Strange woman.\" Red Harvest cocked his head slightly and corrected the other. \"A strong woman.\"[Chapter 13] Okay my feeble turtle ducks, I actually teared up a little during this chapter so, I have no idea how you're going to take it. Keep in mind that I start out every chapter with only a skeleton of a plan, and sometimes that skeleton picks up a sword and goes running off to parts unknown, so this is just the way it came out. Many thanks to everyone who favorited and followed my story, I'll do my best to please. And last but never least, to: Dalonega Noquisi, who is not only encouraging but also thoughtful and willing to discourse. Sam0728...sorry? TheWorldInADay, still laughing at your review my friend. And don't pin all your hopes on Vasquez getting himself into gear just yet. ;) \"It is useless for me to describe how Violet, Klaus, and even Sunny felt in the time that followed. If you have ever lost someone very important to you, then you already know how it feels, and if you haven't you cannot possibly imagine it.\" Lemony Snickett, The Bad Beginning The crickets were singing. The air still smelled like blood and smoke and the crickets were singing. The scar on his throat burned and Sam rubbed at it absently, trying to ease it, but it was no use. He knew it was more in his mind than anything at that point. It was discordant, the scents and the sounds that surrounded him; the night hid the damage that scarred the town and as he walked to McClay's Boarding House he imagined the street under him soaked and squelching with blood. Sam shuddered. He was too old for those sorts of flights of fancy. He steeled himself and walked on. Low moans drifted out of the makeshift infirmary, and he could hear the undertaker Garrett still hard at work, hammering together the coffins for tomorrow. He was swearing a blue streak at his apprentice, at the boards, Sam thought he heard God mentioned a time or two in there. He shook his head and stepped carefully up the creaking steps of the boarding house. Everyone was still reeling. The world felt like it should have ended, but it hadn't. Life spun on and demanded that you get on with it. Coffins needed to be made, houses patched, and bodies healed. Life didn't give you time to sit and ponder your griefs; it forced you to go on by sheer necessity. The door wasn't locked. Sam's eyes stung and he sucked in a sharp breath hand lingering on the knob. Had the day gone any different, there might not have been a door still standing. He stepped into the dark foyer and spotted a seam of light under the nearest door. It was very quiet as he knocked on the door gently. A brief rustle sounded inside and an older woman opened the door a crack, revealing a thin sliver of cheek and eye. When she saw who it was Mrs. McClay opened the door fully and raised expectant eyebrows up at him, but she didn't move to let him in. \"I'm here to talk to her.\" he explained, feeling slightly wrong footed under her imperious stare. To his surprise, she sighed heavily and stepped back to allow him into Tessa Newell's room. To preserve her modesty -and to make room for those worse off- the doctor had felt it best to have her moved somewhere else. To everyone's surprise, the McClay's had immediately volunteered. Someone had cleaned her up, propped her up on a startling amount of pillows. When he'd seen her in the street she'd been blood spattered, gripping a gun and a knife, but fully alive. Out of all the terrible things he'd seen that day, seeing her limp and covered in blood -hers and others- had hit him hardest. Someone had cleaned the blood from her, put her in a white shift, and wrapped her hair until it could be washed. Her skin was waxy and pale in the lantern's light. She looked, for a moment, so much like a corpse, that Sam Chisolm knew a brief moments panic. Then her colorless lips parted on a soft exhale, and he felt like he could breath too. \"She's been stirring. She'll wake up soon.\" Mrs. McClay went to her chair and scooped up a pile of fabric. Her eyes were solemn. \"You going to tell her?\" \"That is the plan.\" They both studied her and Mrs. McClay shook her head. \"Poor girl.\" Sam took her chair as she walked out and pulled it a little closer to Tessa's bedside. She'd always addressed him by his last name, but insisted he call her by her first, since it was easier. He hadn't been able to say it aloud, had limited himself to Newell, or Miss. She felt like a Tessa now, for the first time. Sam set his elbows on his knees and bent his head. When he'd finished his prayer he looked up and Tessa's eyes were open. As always they struck him. He'd never met someone with eyes that could go from nearly black all the way to silver before Tessa Newell, depending on the time of day. They were soft as rain clouds at the moment and he straightened up quickly. \"You're alive.\" Her whisper was a rasp. Sam spied a tumbler on the nightstand and quickly handed it to her. He made to help her but she waved him off, and gripped the cup with shaking fingers. She drank the last of the tea with a grimace, studying him. Sam held her stare steadily and she brought the cup to rest in her lap. Fear was rinsing out her eyes, turning them hard and shiny. Tessa licked her lips, \"What-what is it?\" Sam watched the pulse flutter in her throat and cleared his throat. \"Nick and Joe didn't make it.\" The words arched and fell flat between them with an impact he could almost hear. He watched them strike and slide off her. Tessa blinked uncomprehendingly at him, eyes wide. She shook her head back and forth slowly. Sam pressed on, struggling to keep his voice even: \"Joe was in the steeple, and he-\" \"No.\" \"He took most of the fire from the gatling gun. There was no saving-\" \" No .\" The pieces left of his heart cracked and Sam mouthed soundlessly at the air before he found his breath. \"-he died long before anyone could get up there to get him down. He saved Goody and Billy.\" She was still shaking her head, a desperate look on her face. \"Nick and Faraday went to take out the gatling gun.\" A sharp, painful noise he hadn't known a person could make left her but he doggedly went on. \"Got shot up along the way but they managed to get close enough to blow it up. Nick saved Faraday's life by taking the worst of the blast. He took a shot to the belly Tessa, he couldn't have lived-\" \" Stop.\" Sam did, shame following hot on the heels of his relief. She had lost everything today, and all he had to do was tell her. She had to live with it. Tessa's breathing was jerky and she looked so small in the bed, fragile like he hadn't realized she could be. Sam waited. Finally she looked up at him. \"They can't be,\" she said desperately, dissolving into tears. \"Maybe it was a mistake, maybe you got it wrong. Sa-Chisolm they can't be . They-I'm supposed to go first, I'm the oldest. I'm supposed to go first !\" She slapped a hand against the bedding for emphasis and jerked with the pain it caused her. Before he could think better of it he'd grabbed her hand and pulled her into his arms. \"Let me go, let me go , I have to-I have to go-\" She thrashed in his arms and Sam held her firmly, tucking her head under his chin in an move that brought back a slew of painful memories. He found himself rocking her and murmuring softly into the thin cloth of her head wrap, nonsense things that neither of them heard. Eventually the fight drained out of her and she sobbed against his chest, sharp and ragged. She weakly beat her fist against his arm, babbling brokenly all the while. \"I need them back, I need to go to get them, I have to see-I need to know-\" Sam cast a silent prayer up to God for help. There was no gripping this pain, no catching it and wrestling it into submission. She shook so hard he thought she would fly to pieces. He held her tighter. He didn't mean to start humming, but it turned into the song his mother used to sing to his sisters when they were afraid. Bring them in, bring them in, bring them in from fields of sin… When he'd hummed the last of the chorus she pulled herself out of his grip and looked at him. Sam wasn't quite sure what to say. He wasn't supposed to be this close to a white woman and if she were anyone else, this would be a hanging offense. But she didn't seem to care. Like it hadn't even occurred to her that it might matter. She didn't feel like just some white woman. She was just a young woman, sad and angry, reminding him painfully of his sisters. She was Tessa. Her eyes were red and swollen with weeping and they searched his face. \"You're sure?\" Sam took a deep fortifying breath and reached into his vest for the little rolled up bundle he'd made and placed it in her hand. Tessa looked from it to him quickly, and unrolled the red fabric stiff with old blood. She started crying again as she pieced through the valuables he'd carefully collected from their bodies. A silver pocket watch -as scratched and battered as the man who had carried it- a bolo tie that had survived the gatling gun, and a piece of silver so worn from handling he wasn't sure what was on its face. It didn't matter. Tessa knew it. She clutched them in her hands and pressed them to her eyes. Somehow the soft weeping was worse than her sobbing and shouting. Sam discreetly wiped his face. Eventually she stopped, hiccuping gently. She stared down at her brothers keepsakes \"When will they…?\" \"Tomorrow.\" He considered the time. \"Today. I wanted to tell you...I wanted you to have some time to get used-\" He winced. That was the wrong thing to say. \"I didn't want you to find out and then just bury them.\" \"Thank you.\" She looked up at him finally and he understood she was thanking him for more than his thoughtfulness. Sam shook his head. \"No. Don't. Not for this. This is just what...what good people are supposed to do.\" Tessa's lips twitched, the bare bones of a smile. \"I suppose. Kept me from flying to pieces.\" The admission embarrassed him and Sam cleared his throat sharply, looking away. \"Will you be all right now?\" He winced internally. That was a stupid question. One he knew the answer to better than anyone. Tessa laughed at him, a low rasping sound that had nothing to do with humor and he shut his eyes against it, heart clenching. \"This isn't the first time I've lost someone.\" Her smile was bleak and more tears gathered in her eyes. \"I'll be here. I'm alive. And that's all I'll be for awhile.\" Sam couldn't bring himself to look at her. But he understood. And for a moment he thought of his mother and sisters, what he had become after them, and knew a moments worry for Tessa Newell. More than. He nodded at his knees and carefully gained his feet. Exhaustion hit him like a sledgehammer, as if his body had waited until he'd finished this last task before giving up. Tessa read him correctly and a thin thread of warmth entered her voice. \"Go to sleep Mr. Chisolm. Go rest.\" He studied her, sitting in a pool of lantern light, swallowed by her bedclothes and shadows. It seemed to him that she might fracture and shatter the moment he turned away. Her eyes were cloudy and she stared back impassively, before drawing a shuddering breath and carefully straightening her shoulders. Tessa jutted her chin forward, and her expression -a pale imitation of yesterday's fight- dared him to argue. \" Go. \" So he did. Mrs. McClay came out of her bedroom, ghostly in her shawl and nightgown, carrying a single, guttering candle. She lifted it high and looked from him to the bedroom. He couldn't quite tell under the shifting shadows, but she seemed concerned. \"How is she Mr. Chisolm?\" \"'Bout as well as one might expect.\" he replied, weary down to his bones. \"Time will tell.\" She nodded slightly and her words drew him up short. \"I'll keep an eye on her, don't you worry. And Mr. Chisolm? Thank you. For all of it.\" His throat closed up with grief and he left without replying. The crickets were still singing in the cool night air, and his internal clock told him dawn was not far off. Sam thought he could sleep for hours, but there was still work to be done. Dead to be buried. The undertaker's workshop was finally quiet and still, and he knew without looking that that was where Jack Horne, Nick and Joe Newell were all waiting before being moved to their final resting place. His feet carried him automatically to the Elysium, ownerless now that Gavin David had died too, and as he stepped onto its porch a faint buzz had him stiffening in spite of himself. After a tense moment he realized it was snoring. In fact- \"That you Vasquez?\" There was a snort and a thump, followed by Spanish-sounding mumbles and a sleep rough voice replied out of the dark. \"Who-\" \"It's just me. You been sleeping out here?\" A pang of nostalgia hit him and Sam shook it away tiredly. Vasquez yawned. \"Was waiting for you. ...Does she…?\" He trailed off meaningfully. \"She knows.\" He paused, testing the sort of silence surrounding the other man, and felt a sudden urge to smile. \"You know, I don't think she'd mind if you visited her.\" \"I don't-not tonight-she's very- I'm very-\" Vasquez sputtered and Sam allowed the smile to grow, where no one could see. \"Not tonight of course.\" Sam agreed easily. \"But sometime. Should get some real sleep now.\" He left the Mexican on the porch, still sputtering and protesting and hiked up to his room. The smile didn't leave his face for a long while, his amusement warring with the sorrow banging in his chest. Maybe something good would come out of this after all. That thought in mind he rolled over and shut his eyes. After everything that had happened, he didn't think he would sleep. But before he knew it, it was morning, sunshine slanting across his face, and someone knocking on the door, telling him it was time.[Chapter 14] Hi! Hermes here! I just want to thank everyone who reviewed, it means so much to me and you all are so encouraging! Genuinely, I wish I could make all of you the cookies of your choice. I guess you'll have to settle for my undying gratitude? This chapter wasn't fun to write in the least , but narrative wise I think it needed to happen. I'm so not done with this story, there will be another climax to come and another story arc. Everything is off the reservation at this point! Stick with me, it'll be fun! (I hope). That being said, I've never really gone so far off the beaten trail so to speak, so I hope I can keep your interest. And for my shippers, yes, Tessa/Vas is endgame! he's still an outlaw so that'll be ALL sorts of fun to write. If you want to have more emotions than you'd like to just listen to \"Gone\" by Ioanna Gike while you're reading this. Or, or \"I'll Be Good\" by Jaymes Young. you know, because I don't torture you lot enough. \" No one ever told me that grief felt so like fear. I am not afraid, but the sensation is like being afraid. The same fluttering in the stomach, the same restlessness, the yawning. I keep on swallowing. At other times it feels like being mildly drunk, or concussed. There is a sort of invisible blanket between the world and me. I find it hard to take in what anyone says. ― C.S. Lewis , A Grief Observed Later, when she could touch those days in her memory without flinching, she would realize that she remembered none of what she did or said after Sam Chisolm left. The only thing she knew clearly was that somehow she slept with the lamp burning in the dark. When she finally woke the lamp had burned itself down, but that didn't matter. Tessa stared out the window into the late morning sun and gently prodded her new reality. The knowledge that Nick and Joe were dead spilled over and she gasped aloud. It didn't feel real. It couldn't be real. She didn't know what to do with it. Part of her, not part of her, she held it- Tessa became abruptly aware of the pain in her hand and looked at it, surprised. It was almost disconnected from her at this point and she looked down to see Chisolm's sad bundle clutched in her fist, knuckles white with effort. She willed her hand to loosen it's grasp and her heart made a noise of pain -maybe that was her- but slowly her fingers complied. She didn't cry. She… Mrs. McClay found her like that, staring down at the quilt and the pieces of silver laid on it. The older woman said nothing. She didn't ask how Tessa was. She didn't cluck and say how sorry she was that all this had happened. She pressed a careful hand to Tessa's forehead and nodded, apparently satisfied with whatever she found there. Her palm was calloused and warm against Tessa's skin and she found herself at once welcoming it and rejecting it. Before she could try to parse the two thoughts Mrs. McClay proclaimed that the blood in hair needed to be washed out, and they would figure out a way to get her to the gravesite. The words punctured her lungs. Tessa submitted to Mrs. McClay's bustling and fussing without comment or feeling. She couldn't. She held a storm in a teacup, and as long as she didn't nudge it, or look at it, the storm balanced inside it. While Mr. McClay carried in bucket after bucket of water to slosh into a basin by her bedside, Mrs. McClay had pulled out a blouse and skirt that would \"probably fit you let me see what I can do.\" Some part of her wanted to smile and thank them, if only for politeness sake. Another, larger part of her was getting irrationally angry about occasionally being splashed with water. She settled for looking down at Nick's watch, feeling the scratches and dents in the metal, tracing the stupid bolo Joe insisted \"completed his outfit.\" Her eyes burned and mucus began to clog her nose. It was just as well that Mrs. McClay sent her husband fleeing the room with a sharp word to go and get that wagon ready Willis, this girl can't walk! If it had been any other day Tessa would have laughed at them. \"Here girl give me your feet.\" Without waiting to see if Tessa objected Mrs. McClay lifted up the bedclothes revealing pale, freckled limbs. Her right leg gave a warning throb. Something must have shown on her face because the other gingerly patted her knee. \"We'll just have to be careful. Here shift, I've got you.\" With a surprising amount of tenderness she slid her hands up under Tessa's leg and took the weight as she pushed with her left leg and turned so she was sitting on the edge of the bed, facing the basin of steaming water. The pain had her teeth chattering and Tessa struggled to breathe through it, because she certainly couldn't fight it. She had no idea she was swaying forward until Mrs. McClay braced her. \"Steady, steady. Here, let's get your hair washed.\" Tessa's gorge rose as soon as her matted hair fell around her face. It smelled strongly of blood, kerosene, and dirt. For a moment she was back in the trench, back in the church - Joe was in the church- , and only Mrs. McClay's voice and hands pressing her's brought her out of her fugue state. The hands that clasped hers were rough from a life's hard work, and warm, but Tessa was still shaking, a full body quiver that made her bullet wounds twinge. One long fingered hand pushed her hair out of her face, taking the brunt of the scent with it. \"Cut it off. Please .\" The voice was strange. It took her a moment to recognize it as her own. Wide blue eyes blinked up at her and narrowed in thought. Belatedly, Tessa recalled that this was the woman who'd kicked her out of this fine establishment. But then, to her surprise she nodded once, sharply, and went to get some scissors. Tessa tucked her nose into the collar of her nightgown, but she could still smell her own hair. It was so long, she realized with some dismay. It was probably soaked with blood. The thought made her gag and clapped a hand over her mouth, just barely managing to keep her stomach from rebelling. \"I've got you girl. Just sit up and be still.\" Tessa spared a moment to be grateful that she was being so matter-of-fact about everything. Kindness, or worse, pity, would have undone her. She submitted to the scissors and breathed through her mouth. A truly startling amount of hair fell to the wayside, matted with dirt and blood, and Tessa watched it go dispassionately. Several pounds of hair shedded later Mrs. McClay directed her to lean over the basin face first. She did as instructed and was abruptly thrown back to when her mother would wash her hair over the sink. Tears pricked at the corner of her eyes and she took a deep, shuddering breath. The soap was strong and stung her scalp -little dings and knicks she hadn't realized she'd acquired during the fray- and Tessa resisted the absurd urge to rub some under her nose, if only to smell something different. Mrs. McClay patted her shoulder, indicating she should rise a bit and then rinsed her hair out with water so cold she gasped. Then, with rough practiced hands she toweled off her hair with a rough bit of wool. The younger woman fought not to lean into the motion. There was nothing gentle about it, but it was familiar in a way. Tessa set her jaw. \"I know you prefer pants, but here, these'll be easier on your leg.\" Mrs. McClay handed her a bundle of folded clothing, smelling faintly of cedar. The smell, the gesture, nearly broke her, and Tessa nodded shakily, unable to speak for a long moment. She plucked at the fabric of her nightgown shyly. \"I think I'll need help getting dressed.\" \"Of course.\" said the woman crisply. \"Bum leg like that? You'll be lucky if you can stand without help.\" She wasn't hungry, but she could not deny the hard work of the McClay's so she forced down something she didn't taste, and let Mrs. McClay help her stand. It was time. Mr. McClay -call me Willis- had borrowed one of McLaughlin's wagons from next door. It wasn't far, and it wasn't a large wagon but they had underestimated just how short Tessa was. She looked at the wagon and a dark amusement welled up in her. Wasn't it enough, she wondered, that she had to bury her brothers today? Did she really have to walk and jump just to get to say goodbye? The undertakers wasn't far, and it drew her eye while the McClay's quietly bickered. Had they moved them already? Beyond Garrett's she could see activity in the graveyard, hear the impact of shovels into the red ground. They were digging graves. A lot, if the number of men working was any indication. Tessa blinked. Who else had died? Who else was grieving? \"Are you alright Tessa?\" Emma. Tessa shook herself free from her thoughts and looked up into Emma's concerned face from her seat. She hadn't heard the other come up. \"Yes? Emma, who else...who else died?\" The words hurt to say, like chewing rocks. Emma blinked in surprise. \"Jack Horne, Gavin David, Harold Platt, Peter Jeffries…\" As she listed the dead, one by one, Tessa swallowed hard and shut her eyes. Jack . She hadn't even asked - \"Tessa you only just found out about Nick and Joe, and you're injured. The sweetest saint wouldn't have asked before now.\" A blush crept up her cheeks and Tessa rubbed a hand over her face in embarrassment. She hadn't realized she'd said that aloud. Emma made a noise that was not quite laughter, and sat beside her. They watched the McClay's bicker and talk about finding a stepstool -she can't use her right leg Willis what good is a step stool going to do?- and sat in silence. Occasionally a child or two ran back and forth accross the street, either playing or delivering something, Tessa wasn't sure. She finally managed to ask: \"Everyone else…?\" Vasquez and Red Harvest had not been among the dead but if they were-she hadn't known them that well but-unbidden she thought of Vas's smile and just as quickly shoved the thought away. \"Red Harvest, Vasquez, and Mr. Chisolm are fine.\" Emma answered, unaware of the turn her thoughts had taken. \"Faraday, Goodnight, and Billy haven't woken up to tell us one way or the other.\" A small burst of relief lightened the grief and guilt in her chest and Tessa listed forward where she sat, sent up a prayer of gratitude to whoever was listening. \"I want to see them.\" Emma looked over at her, startled and followed the line of Tessa's gaze to the undertakers. Her sigh came quick and sharp. \"Tessa, they won't look-\" \"I know how death looks Emma. I've seen it. But I have to see them myself. Because this doesn't feel real , and if I don't see them before they go in the ground I think a part of me will always be looking for them.\" Tears threatened to spill over and she looked up, refusing to let them fall. She could tell Emma nodded in her peripherals. \"I don't think there's anyone in this town that wouldn't give you what you asked for, within reason. But take it from me…\" For the first time since she'd known the widow, her voice cracked and it startled Tessa. Emma was staring out at the street and stubbornly trying to keep her own tears in check. \"...it don't feel real. At least it hasn't yet for me. There are nights, I know my Matthew isn't there, but I still find myself turning to ask him something.\" A desperate bubble of laughter escaped before she could stop it. \"That's not very comforting Emma.\" \"No it's not.\" Emma said grimly. \"But it's true.\" Tessa studied her in profile and hope she could be as strong as Emma Cullen. She would have to be. That or lay down and die, like a dog been beaten too many times. The realization lodged somewhere under her breastbone, burning and she suddenly felt so tired . Laying down sounded good at the moment. Emma patted her shoulder and stood, shedding the grief like shedding water. But it was still there, underneath. Her hand lingered and touched the feathered edges of her shoulder length hair. \"It was too much.\" Tessa explained. Emma just nodded. \"It suits you.\" Tessa returned to her study of the street and locked eyes with Sam Chisolm standing a ways from the wagon and the arguing couple. He made a questioning gesture. She shrugged. \"Will you help me up Emma?\" To her credit, the red head did as she asked, sliding an arm around her waist and bracing her right elbow with her other hand, doubt heavy on her face the whole while. Tessa explained through gritted teeth as her leg throbbed. \"I know everyone's busy, I don't want to hold anyone up-\" \"Don't worry about that.\" Emma assured her. \"Lot of graves to dig.\" And that was that. Eventually it was Red Harvest who solved the issue of how to get her to the undertakers. Once he understood the problem, he walked over to her and held out his arms, question clear in his face. Tessa tried not to cling to Emma too tightly, but she was shaking with the effort of standing and her heart was loud in her ears. She nodded. \"I'm heavy though fair warn-\" Red Harvest snorted and scooped her up as if she weighed precisely nothing. Tessa couldn't contain a squeak of shock. Her thigh twinged, but it didn't protest too much. Lacking any sort of expression whatsoever the warrior carried her to the undertaker's workshop. Emma followed. Jake Garrett led them in. People cast her strange looks along the way as they went about repairing the town. There were several coffins in the room, but the smell of fresh cut wood couldn't fully disguise the scent of rot underneath. Her skin crawled and she shuddered in Red Harvest's arms. He glanced down at her sharply and only set her on her feet after she nodded. \"I had to make Nick's special Miss Newell.\" Garrett stood, hat in hand, and nodded at the box to her left. The bags under her eyes were evidence of his hard work. \"We worked all night to get everything ready.\" In spite of herself Tessa was touched and she nodded gratefully, unable to speak. \"Joe's is right here.\" The older man pointed to the coffin lying next to Nick's. \"You understand, they aren't going to look...they aren't going to look like people so much. My wife and I, we did the best we could...\" \"I know.\" He lifted up the coffin lids one by one and Red Harvest and Emma helped her limp over to them. Tessa looked into them long and hard, steeled herself so she couldn't convince herself of anything but the truth. Her little brothers were in those coffins. They looked like poor wax replicas of the men she knew and for a moment her mind rejected what she was seeing. She shook her head and forced herself to pick out the features she recognized under the purpling-green skin and sunken eye sockets. There was Joe's broken nose, busted by an irate husband. There was the scar on Nick's eyebrow, where a bounty had gotten off a lucky shot. Tears started to slide down her face and she didn't try to stop them. Someone had gotten their spare clothes from their saddlebags and dressed them, cleaned the bodies. A low keen of pain escaped her before Tessa could stop herself and Red Harvest's hand tightened on her elbow. She quickly smothered the sound. Their faces were untouched. If she look at their bodies, they didn't look like they'd been shot to pieces and blown to hell. They didn't look like they should be dead. \"Thank you Mr. Garrett.\" she managed around the lump in her throat. \"You and your wife, you did-did a good job.\" Emma's hand found it's way to her forehead, the contact too warm for comfort. \"Do you need to sit down, you look pale-\" she whispered worriedly. Tessa jerked her head away from Emma's hand and fixed her with a narrowed gaze that was fiercer than she actually felt. \"I was there when they were born. I'll be there when they're buried.\" Red Harvest took that as his cue, gently lifted her again and carried her out to the wagon. To her surprise, both Chisolm and Vasquez were there too. Chisolm was as inscrutable as ever dressed in black, but Vasquez looked as if he'd been working hard all morning. It was strangely comforting to see that hadn't changed. \"'Preacher says Jack and your brothers can't be buried in the church yard because they didn't live here.\" Vasquez began without preamble. \"But if you like it, I picked a spot up on the ridge-\" he pointed the direction. \"-for them.\" Tessa touched the bundle she'd hung around her neck and nodded absently. \"Does it much matter? Nick and Joe aren't-\" She caught herself and stopped before she could insult the man any more. 'I mean thank you, Vas. That will be a good place.\" Their eyes met and he didn't flinch from what he saw there. He nodded quietly and gestured for Willis McClay to get moving. \"Let's go then.\"[Chapter 15] Hi guys! Hermes here! Still not exactly sure where the story is going in the long term (other than Vas and Tessa finally getting their acts together ) but here's a chapter to tide you over until I do figure it out! Also! I start a new job on the 18th, so updating may be a little more sporadic after that, but I hope you'll stick with me! Thanks to SugarRed for your thoughtful review, and Dalonega Noquisi for mentioning the things you liked specifically, as that helps me write later chapters. Something about this chapter bugs me, so if it bugs any of you guys let me know what it is about that does, because I'm drawing a blank here. As always, enjoy! Hermes out~! \"Guilt is the worst demon to bear Strangling you from the inside of your body.\" Nikita Gill Six Weeks Later \"I have had enough.\" Goodnight looked up at her from hollowed eyes, clearly startled. The dark circles around them, the gauntness of his cheeks struck any pity she might have had abruptly from her heart. Tessa glared back. \"You aren't even trying to get better!\" She loomed over him, hands on her hips and well aware she was quickly losing her temper. It was something that happened more and more these days. A look of pain, followed quickly by resignation flitted quickly across his face. Her temples throbbed and her nostrils flared. \"Goodnight Robicheaux I swear to God-\" \"Yes?\" he asked, almost lazily. His eyes glittered. Tessa hauled off and slapped him hard. The old snipers head snapped to the side with the force of her blow and a handprint quickly started raising on his cheek. \"Tessa!\" That was Billy, somehow managing to sound murderous even from his bed and full of holes. He was struggling into a sitting position, grunting with pain. He was going to tear his stitches the foolish man! \"Shut up and lay back down!\" she snarled at him and quickly turned back to Goodnight, who made no move to defend himself. That only made her angrier. She jabbed a finger in his face. \"Why are you doing this? Starving yourself to death, refusing to get better!? Joe didn't die-\" The full body flinch must have been painful, Goodnight shut his eyes against the pain and it drew Tessa up sharply. She straightened up and stared down at him. The room, the whole bleeding building even, had gone suddenly still and quiet. \"Is that it? This is because Joe died and you didn't? \" she asked, incredulous. It was small but Goodnight flinched again. He drew in a quick, shaky breath. \"Believe me Ms. Newell, if I could trade places with your brother I-\" Tessa snatched the pillow from under his head, mad enough to tear it to shreds with her teeth. She settled for beating him with it. \"You-you-you inconsiderate. Stubborn. self - flagellating. Idiot .\" Each word was punctuated by a smack with his pillow. It was a good pillow, heavy, full of feathers. It was better than punching him, and Billy needed to be grateful. His growl was audible. She finally stopped, teeth bared. \" How dare you ?\" \"Tessa-\" That was Vas, cautious sounding, from the doorway. She whirled and he actually backed away from her like she was dangerous. Satisfied he wouldn't interfere she wheeled back to Goodnight who was wheezing from pain. \"Do you think this is going to solve anything?\" she demanded. \"Will this bring my brother back? Will dying make you feel better? Do you think it will make me feel better?\" With each question he blanched a little paler, either from the pain or the strain she'd put him through. A flicker of shame gave her pause but it drowned quickly in the anger that had been stewing for the last six weeks. Tessa bent forward and was rewarded with Goody pressing himself into the sheets as far as he could go. The shame won that time, and it smothered her anger. Abruptly, tears welled in her eyes. \"None of it will bring him back. The answer to all those questions is no , Goodnight. You're alive and he's not, and I don't care if you blame yourself for it; I don't.\" Tessa hesitated, surprised at the truthfulness of her own words. She swallowed hard and straightened up. \"Do you understand me? Do I need to hit you again?\" It was a poor threat. Her longtime companion, anger, was nowhere to be found for the moment and she didn't quite have it in her to dredge up the appropriately threatening expression. But he quickly shook his head, wide eyed. Tessa nodded firmly, sniffed. \"Good.\" She folded her arms and raised her voice slightly, turning to the open door where Vas was still watching, but not with fear, more like he'd finally grasped something that had long eluded him. \"Faraday?\" \"...Yes?\" \"Do I need to have a similar conversation with you?\" \"...\" Well that answered that . Tessa sighed sharply and marched to his room, a bit of the familiar anger resurging. Faraday had woken up shortly after Billy, but he'd studiously avoided behaving anything like himself, at least to her. She'd thought it stemmed from him nearly dying, but was quickly disabused of the notion when she walked in on him flirting with the schoolteacher Jemma Wilkin, who doubled as a nurse until the school officially reopened. As soon as she'd walked in, he'd clammed right up and become endlessly polite and conciliatory. So very un- Faraday-like. She found him lying, one leg propped up on several pillows and resisted the urge to pinch him to get his full attention. He didn't quite meet her eyes, staring somewhere in the vicinity of her nose. \"Listen here you drunkard, I'm only going to say this once. Nick dying wasn't your fault. In fact if you want to blame anyone you can damn well blame me , y-you understand?\" She stuttered. She hadn't meant to say that- \"He chose to do what he did, and he would have died anyway even if he hadn't. More than, you'd be dead too. So stop beating yourself up about it and get better. That goes for all of you!\" With the parting shot Tessa whirled sharply out of the room, brushed quickly by the line of heat and muscle that was Vas, and nearly tripped down the stairs in her haste to get away. There weren't many people in the saloon of the Elysium, (now under new management), but they all studiously did not look at her. A blush rose up in her face and she quickly crossed the room and limped out into the sweltering July heat. Her leg was protesting fiercely after all those stairs and marching about but the woman was careful to let none of the pain show on her face as she made her way to the livery. The stables were cool and dim, and just walking inside caused a good bit of the tension she'd been carrying to bleed away. Scratch poked his large head over the stall door and whuffled softly at her in greeting. Tears started to form but Tessa willed them back and went to him, limp more pronounced now that she was sure no one could see her. McLane was always in the feed store at this time of day. That was enough to allow her to lean on the stall door, arms folded to cushion her head. Scratch lipped softly at her hair and that made her want to cry even more. Shame was roiling hot and heavy in her stomach. Tessa hit her head on her arms, ignoring Scratch's snort of displeasure. \"I hit him.\" she told the mule from the safety of her folded arms.. \"I shouldn't have done that. What am I doing? That wasn't good. God what am I doing?\" Goodnight's pained expression flashed behind her eyes and she ground the heels of her palms into her eyes, welcoming the burst of color and pain. Which also meant she was a hypocrite. \"I am an awful person.\" she admitted aloud, to the empty stable. \"Oh I don't think so.\" Tessa jerked around, startled and not a little embarrassed. \"Vas? Did you-why are you-?\" The Mexican shrugged, hands in his pockets, looking uncharacteristically shy. \"I wanted to see if you were alright.\" She blinked. \"Yes. Yes I'm fine. I'll be-\" Vas pinned her with a look , equal parts self-conscious and determined. \"Then what did you mean about to being to blame-\" \"Nothing. I misspoke. Death happens. It wasn't anyone's fault.\" Tessa denied automatically. Vas was clearly not convinced, he took a step closer. \"Tessa-\" \"No.\" Tessa pressed her back into the stall door. \"No. It's fine Vas. There's-\" \"You haven't been sleeping.\" \"Well I don't think anyone has, really-\" \"You don't eat like you should.\" Vas forged on, brown eyes relentless on her own. \"You are angry all the time. I see it chiquita.\" Tessa suppressed a burst of irritation. \"Your point?\" she said icily. \"My point ?\" Vasquez spread his hands helplessly. \"I- we are worried about you.\" \"I am grieving . And in pain.\" Her voice rose without her consent and she advanced on the man, who, to his credit, didn't back down. Her own heartbeat was loud in her ears. \"I'm sorry if that's such a bother to you lot-\" \"It's not a bother you crazy woman! Dios mio!\" Vasquez had never raised his voice like that, not in the time she'd known him and Tessa fell back a half step before she caught herself. It was enough. As the outlaw visibly fought to get himself under control, the bounty hunter knew a moments regret. She didn't want to yell at Vas; she didn't want to yell at anyone for that matter. She wanted-she wanted….something. The tall Mexican took a deep breath through his nose and released it before he opened his eyes and looked at her again. \"What did you mean,\" he said calmly. \"When you said you were to blame?\" Tessa's mouth set in a hard line. On the whole, she preferred the anger. It was harder to fortify herself against kindness. \"Nothing. There isn't anyone to blame-\" \"Maybe not.\" Vas's hand wrapped carefully around her upper arm and she stiffened, drawing her arm away. He let her. \"Maybe not. But that doesn't mean you don't blame yourself.\" His eyes were warm, and knowing, and that made her suddenly, irrationally, angry. \"You know what? You want to know? Fine. Here it is. It's my fault. It has to be. If I hadn't talked them into this my little brothers would still be alive. If I hadn't gone after Jack Horne and sewed him back together, he would still be alive. Nick and Joe warned me about the gatling gun, or something like it, and I didn't account for it. I could have done more. I should have made a contingency plan for it, but I messed up and my brothers are gone , and God knows how many more! Because I failed.\" Her chest was heaving and she was aware she was crying, but she couldn't bring herself to stop. Vas was staring at her like she was a crazy person. \"What could you have done that you did not already do? How could you have stopped the gun?\" \"I could have-I could have-\" the words tumbled over themselves on the way out as her mind tried to offer a solution the problem that had plagued her for weeks. \"You could not have.\" Vas objected sharply. \"You are not God, to know all things. You saved more lives than lost with those jars! And your brothers, they were not the type of men to be led around by the nose! Do you think they would have come if they hadn't wanted to?\" \"They wouldn't have left me.\" Tessa spat. \"Of course not! But would they have come in the first place if they hadn't wanted to? Would they have let you ?\" \"Let-!\" \"Don't pretend like their opinions and thoughts didn't matter to you!\" Vas snapped, clearly getting frustrated again. \"They chose to come, same as you, same as Jack! You yell at Goody and Faraday about self pity? You are a hypocrite . You sit out here and blame yourself, and won't listen to anyone, won't talk to anyone-\" Never mind that his words echoed her own thoughts, Tessa was livid. She shoved at his chest, further incensed when he barely budged. They were practically nose to nose, despite the height difference. \"Oh and what do you call this?\" \"I call this arguing ,\" Vas growled, lowering his face till it was inches from hers. \"With a foolish, stubborn, angry woman who won't let someone help her.\" For the second time that day Tessa's hand lashed out of its own accord. The slap rang loud in the silence and a few horses stirred uneasily in their stalls. They stared at each other, and Tessa wasn't sure who was more shocked. \"I'm sorry.\" It came out as a whimper. She hadn't meant-. What had she done ? She fell back a step, pale and wide eyed. Vas had yet to move. \"Oh my God, Vas, Jesus.\" He reached for her and Tessa flinched away. He let his hand fall to his side. She couldn't bring herself to meet his gaze. Her breath was coming in sharp little pants. \"Vas, Vas I shouldn't have-I'm so sorry .\" One hand reached up and clutched the necklace hanging around her neck and the other ran through her hair, mussing it even further. She didn't noticed Vasquez sidle closer. What was wrong with her? She couldn't breathe. \"Vas-Vas please just go .\" she choked out. \"I'm so sorry .\" \"Hey, hey. Breathe. Respirar.\" Surprisingly gentle hands curled around her wrists, and Tessa couldn't help but flinch in spite of how light he kept the contact. His thumbs traced soothing circles over the delicate skin of her inner wrist, murmuring to her to breath. In spite of herself, she found herself matching his breathing, inhales and exhales. Vas was a solid wall of muscle, inches from her, and the woman felt the sudden, inexplicable urge to just burrow into him and not come out. Blinking, she raised her face. And winced. A hand print was already raising on his face, but he didn't look angry... \"I shouldn't have hit you.\" she whispered. His head tipped to the side, eyes sweeping over her face in a way that made her feel as if he saw everything inside her and her blush intensified. \"I'm sorry-\" \"You've said that.\" Tessa shut her eyes and swallowed hard. She opened her mouth to...apologize again? Vas beat her to it. \"You will not do it again.\" Her eyes shot open in surprise. It wasn't a threat. He wasn't threatening her. Tessa had heard all kinds, from all kinds. But Vasquez, outlaw and murderer, (and hero, some part of her mind stubbornly insisted) wasn't anything but calm and sure in the face of her guilt and shame. Unwillingly her gaze dipped to the clear handprint on his face and she grimaced. The words spilled out without her consent and it took all her effort not to roll her eyes at herself. Couldn't she, just this once, take the win? \"I hit you so hard….\" Abruptly an impish grin tipped up the corners of his mouth, sunlight breaking through, and Tessa's heart gave a sudden, distressing, jump. She just knew she was staring up at him like an idiot. \"It's not the first time a beautiful woman has hit me.\" And the moment was gone. Tessa scoffed weakly, heart pounding, and shoved him away. This time he went, laughing quietly at her. That was one thing she admired about Vas. He meant what he said, and if he had a problem with you, he didn't mind saying it. Sighing, she ran both hands through her hair in an attempt to get it under control. It was probably unacceptably messy at this point. Her face was tacky with tears and she dipped her bandana into the water trough to wipe it clean. To his credit, her friend didn't make it obvious he was waiting for her to gather herself, he busied himself lighting a cigar and patted a nearby, curious horse. Rose Creek had a surplus, after everything. \"You're right.\" she said aloud when she was a little calmer. \"Of course I am. What about?\" Tessa bit back a smile. \"I won't hit you again.\" \"I know. You did not mean to do it this time.\" Vas puffed contentedly away at his cigar and smiled at her again. Wonder rippled through her, drew her up short, and Tessa peered up at him, at a loss for words. He had pierced her, words striking some hurting place in her heart that she hadn't known was in need of healing. Some of the ice around her heart sloughed off and an inexplicable fondness for him welled up. \"Thank you\" seemed inadequate. So she didn't say it. Vas would just wave it off gruffly anyway, muttering about women. She limped to the trough (she would need to sit down after this), dipped the bandana back in the cool water and wrung it out as she made her way back to Vas. Feeling bold she pressed it to his cheek, and he startled lightly, hand coming up and briefly covering hers before she pulled away, sans cloth. Her hand tingled and she blinked. Just as quickly she pressed it aside and offered him an apologetic smile. \"For the swelling. Now if you'll excuse me,\" Tessa drew in a fortifying breath. \"I've got to go apologize to Goodnight.\" Tessa paused in the doorway of Goodnight and Billy's shared room and blinked at what she found. Goodnight, sitting up, eating like a normal person. It was broth and a slice of bread, but he was intent on the tray in his lap as only a starving man could be. Tears stung her eyes but she managed not to break down. This time anyway. Billy, reclining in his own bed, noticed her immediately and his eyes narrowed sharply, but he didn't say anything. Before she could chicken out she rapped on the doorframe. Goodnight looked up. His cheek was still red. Their eyes locked and Tessa opened her mouth just as he did: \"I'm sorry for-\" \"I must apologize-\" They both stumbled to a halt, blinking at one another in surprise. Tessa tried again. \"I should not have hit you.\" \"No you shouldn't.\" \"Billy!\" Goodnight scolded, and then turned to her. To her bemusement, he smiled wryly. \"Ignore him.\" \"Hey!\" \"Ms. Newell-Tessa-\" \"Goodnight, I am sorry.\" she said firmly, before he could say anything else. The man shook his head grinning slightly. \"I am sorry I upset you.\" Tessa threw her hands up in the air. \"Goodnight I slapped you!\" she cried. Be angry you foolish man, I deserve it! He lifted one shoulder in a shrug, and didn't quite meet her eyes. \"You had a point. And you weren't afraid to say it. I'm not going to say I enjoyed it-\" \"Just don't do it again.\" Billy interrupted, clearly exasperated. With her or Goodnight, she couldn't say. When she laughed it startled her. Tessa clapped a hand over her mouth in surprise, cutting herself off. Both men carefully looked somewhere else. She cleared her throat and her voice was a raspy whisper. \"I won't.\" A familiar voice drifted in from the next room. The walls were thin as paper. \"...Do I get an apology?\" \"No!\" \"Oh hush Faraday.\" Goodnight rolled his eyes. \"I almost died you know!\" \"Join the club.\" Billy grumbled. Tessa laughed a little helplessly as Faraday started complaining. They did not mention her tears.[Chapter 16] So! Some things I want you to know! I just started a new job, and while it's great to have a decent paycheck again, I'm usually really tired in the evenings, so while I will definitely be continuing this story, I will not be updating as often as I used to. I will try to update on a semi-regular basis, but I just don't have as much writing time as I used to. That beings said, I will do my best! Anyway, this chapters quote is from Rachel Hartman's Tess of the Road , and no, that's not where our Tessa got her name haha. This was just a nice coincidence. Thank you to all who reviewed my last chapter, y'all are precious, precious people, and I'm so pleased you like it! To all who favorited the story, or just followed, also thank you! Let me know what you guys think, comments and constructive criticism keep me going. Hermes out~! \"The road was possibility, the kind she'd thought her life would never hold again, and Tess herself was motion. Motion had no past, only future. Any direction you walked was forward, and that was as must be.\" ― Rachel Hartman, Tess of the Road As long as she lived, Tessa was never, ever going to admit she had no clue what was going on. At least, not to Faraday. She eyed the cards in her hand and struggled to remember what type of hand she had. Two jacks, a queen, a two, a four. They weren't good cards, of that she was (nearly) certain. Her brows furrowed and her gaze flickered up over the cards only to catch Faraday wink at her. Why did I agree to this? \"I fold.\" she declared, just to be contrary, and set her cards down on the blankets. She didn't throw them, which was an improvement on the first two games. A smile lurked at the corner of Faraday's mouth as he lifted up the edge of her cards and it widened into a full fledged grin when he saw her hand. He showed her his own. She studied them blankly and then it clicked. Her eyes narrowed and she knew her nostrils were flaring fiercely as she snatched up her cards and threw them at him. He didn't even have a single pair! If she'd called his bluff she would have won. Faraday just snickered and some of her outrage evaporated. At least he was acting more like himself. \"Tell me the suits again?\" she commanded stubbornly, folding her arms. \"Hands,\" Faraday corrected absently as he easily gathered and shuffled his deck. \"Woman if I lose a single card-\" \"You'll still be stuck in that bed.\" Tessa snarked. She offered him the queen of clubs. \" Rude .\" He reshuffled the deck, cards dancing between his hands with enviable ease. The bullets and the explosion hadn't hampered his dexterity at least. \"First you've got your Royal flush, all from the same suit, from 10 to an ace. You follow?\" Tessa nodded, fixing his words in her mind. He went on, still absentmindedly shuffling the deck in his hands. \"A straight flush is just five cards in order, like one-two-three-four-five, and they're from the same suit too. Four of a kind-\" \"Is four of the same cards in a hand.\" Tessa finished. \"I remember.\" He smiled crookedly. \"Well what's a flush then smart aleck?\" \"...\" Tessa racked her brain for the correct sequence of cards but kept coming up blank. Faraday's smile took on a smug edge. \"That's what I thought.\" \"Oh hush.\" she muttered grumpily and sat back in her chair. He looked like he was trying hard not to laugh, and quickly explained the other hands and dealt out the cards. \"Okay I'll go easy on ya this time.\" A knock on the doorframe drew their attention before Tessa could contest his statement. (Not that he needed to cheat, she was bad at poker.) Faraday gave a lazy smile that didn't quite hide his genuine pleasure at seeing Sam Chisolm lurking in the doorway. Tessa's eyebrows shot up of their own accord and she offered him a smile, studying him all the while. Dustier than when he'd left, thinner maybe, but lacking that rigid tension that had been clawing at him. She was only a little surprised to be so happy to see him. Some part of her that had been clamouring at the back of her mind settled, seeing him safe and whole. \"Well if it isn't the mysterious Mr. Chisolm, hero of Rose Creek.\" Faraday drawled, and shot her a twinkling look. \"Returned safely after a successful bounty, the townsfolk shall rejoice to see him,\" Tessa pronounced theatrically, and was rewarded with the older man ducking his head in a way that made her think he was blushing. Faraday sniggered. \"Join us for a hand Sam? I'm teaching Tessa here how to play.\" He leaned forward as much as the bullet wounds in his torso would allow to whisper conspiratorially. \"You won't meet a finer mark, she's terrible.\" Tessa rolled her eyes and flicked the side of his head (the only part of him without a serious injury, ironically) in silent reprimand. \"Ow! I am an injured man, woman!\" \"Actually,\" Sam cut them off before they could really get into things, amusement coloring his tone. \"I was wondering if I could speak to Tessa.\" \"Certainly.\" She was careful to keep any trepidation out of her tone as she stood and brushed off her borrowed skirt. (Blue. Not her favorite color.) It was disconcerting, just how young Sam Chisolm could make her feel just by saying such a thing. Her thigh gave a sharp pang of pain, making no bones about her having overdone it today, and she gestured to the door. \"I'll come visit tomorrow Faraday. Goodnight.\" \"Did I hear my name?\" Said man's voice drifted through the wall. \"No, go to sleep you nosy Cajun!\" Faraday banged a fist against the wall and winced. Tessa shot Sam an exasperated glance, and Sam just shook his head. Passing by Goodnight and Billy's room saw them arguing with Faraday through the wall, a more and more common occurrence as they healed. Sam led the way downstairs, into the bustle of the saloon and they ducked around the bar to the quieter area that was the restaurant. Tessa couldn't contain a slight grin, seeing the stretch of canvas they'd put over the hole that Sam had made. Someone, no doubt Vas, would get to it eventually, but at the moment it was no ones priority. \"You eaten dinner yet?\" He tipped his head to a table near the canvas, with a respectable four chairs. The sight struck her with a sharp moments sadness but she pushed it aside. \"No. And I'm sure the McClay's won't miss me.\" She pulled out her own chair, and her expression dared him to try being polite. Sam's eyes crinkled like he wanted to smile and he sat himself. \"They haven't kicked you out yet?\" Tessa glanced up at him sharply and relaxed when she realized he was kidding. \"I'll have you know, I kicked myself out that fine establishment.\" she retorted loftily. \"Welcome back Mr. Chisolm.\" Etta Macom, new owner, came to their table herself, arms akimbo on her generous hips. \"And Miss Newell, glad to see you up and about.\" It was her standard greeting and Tessa just smiled. \"What'll it be? We've got a beef stew on the stove and a good bit of venison, some nice potatoes and greens.\" \"Stew, please, a fifth of whiskey.\" Sam ordered politely, and put a handful of coins on the tablecloth that Etta just as politely ignored. \"Stew as well, and milk if you've got any.\" Tessa requested. Etta didn't bother writing their orders down and swayed to the kitchen. \"I usually sneak money into her apron.\" Sam snorted like the sound caught him off guard and smothered a smile into his palm. \"Pretty sure if I tried that Mrs. Macom would take offense.\" \"I don't know.\" Tessa paused and thanked Etta for the milk, and once she'd walked off continued. \"I think you could get away with pretty much anything, as the hero of Rose Creek-\" \"Stop it.\" Sam said pointedly and took a sip of his whiskey. Sam had taken to his fame about as well as a porcupine took to cuddling, that is, both gracelessly and with a hilarious degree of discomfort. Tessa snickered into her milk and Etta brought their meals out. There was a bustle of napkins and spoons and she breathed in the good smell of it. Etta was a much better cook than whoever Gavin David had had working in the restaurant. She let Sam get settled and ate a bit of her own meal. \"So how was hunting?\" He paused over a spoonful of stew and narrowed his eyes a bit. But he did answer. \"Caught him three towns over.\" \"You were gone for a month.\" Tessa pointed out, but didn't ask. He'd left as soon as their wounded (and when did she start thinking of them in the possessive?) woke up, to pursue a bounty. Privately, she suspected he needed some time to himself. But some part of her had wondered if he would come back. \"Red is still gone.\" he answered, not lifting his eyes from his meal. Tessa rolled her eyes. \"That isn't the point. And I think we both know he'll be back.\" She took a bite of stew to gather her thoughts. She wavered a moment and bit the bullet. \"Are you alright now?\" The question came out softer than she intended, nearly lost in the conversations flowing around their table and the clatter of silverware, but Sam heard. He usually did. Eyes so dark as to be black lifted from his meal and met hers squarely. They softened unexpectedly and he almost smiled. \"I don't reckon alright is on the table Miss Newell, but I'm here.\" Hearing her own words echoed back from that night was bittersweet, but a rush of affection pushed the emotion aside and Tessa shook her head. \"That's enough sometimes.\" \"I believe so yes.\" They finished their stew in silence, which she was grateful for, but he made no move to go when Etta cleared their bowls. \"I hear you beat Goody with a pillow.\" Tessa nearly spat out her milk. \"Well! He was being foolish.\" she protested, coughing. Sam actually smiled . \"I don't disagree. I hear Billy wasn't too happy about it though.\" \"When did you even have time to ask them?\" Tessa scowled, unmoved by his uncharacteristically cheerful expression. \"Vasquez told me.\" His downed the last of his whiskey. \"He says you got Goodnight to eat.\" She lifted one shoulder awkwardly. \"I think he would have eventually. I just...expedited the process. The glance he pinned her with had Tessa fighting not to squirm in her seat. Nearly thirty years old and traversing half the country and along came Sam Chisolm, who made her feel all of five. \"Vasquez does talk a lot.\" \"He says,\" Chisolm continued idly, as if she hadn't spoken, \"that just about everyone is eating better now.\" Tessa flicked her eyes up at him sharply, but bit back her reply before it could escape. \"Vas talks too much .\" He laughed , a low husky sound and threw up his hands. \"Well I did ask.\" One long forefinger tapped against his glass, tap tap tap , slow and methodical and Tessa's eyes narrowed and her head cocked slightly to the side. Chisolm swallowed the last of his whiskey and didn't meet her eyes. He was stalling. But why? Tessa twisted a finger in the rough material of her borrowed skirt thoughtfully, and waited. If he wanted something from her, (and in her heart of hearts, she thought she knew what it was) then he would have to be direct. She kept her face impassive and calmly wiped her mouth, just for something to do. Finally those dark eyes drew slowly up to meet hers. \"Given any thought of what you want to do when you're all healed up?\" The first thought had her mouth opening, lips forming the words before she fully processed the words. She was essentially healed. The doctor was certain she would have a slight limp all her days, the muscle of her thigh torn and warped, but functioning. The bullet wound in her shoulder had mostly struck bone, and her binders had kept it from bleeding too much-that had never been a real issue. Then it hit her what he'd said. Tessa stared at Chisolm, blinked once. The subject she'd been carefully, diligently avoiding for the past 2 and a half months suddenly demanded her attention. She swallowed sharply and smoothed her skirt out, buying time. \"Some.\" she hedged. Chisolm's gaze was a live thing on her skin as she studied the scars on her knuckles. The tan had faded somewhat. She hadn't been as diligent in her practice - where are my guns?- as she could have been… \"You planning to give up bounty hunting?\" Tessa's thoughts swarmed. Bounty hunting was what she was good at. Something she excelled at. But without Nick and Joe, without someone to watch her back, what was the point? More to the point, it would never be the same. Without them, without them-. When her head cleared she carefully smoothed out the fabric she'd been clutching in clenched fists and met his gaze unflinchingly. Her head was pounding with that familiar anger; it was irrational and she held it firmly close. \"...I don't know.\" He nodded, like that was the answer he had expected and signaled for another drink. \"Why do you want to know?\" she asked through tense lips. If he picked up on her tension, Chisolm didn't show it. He smiled slightly in thanks to Etta for his new drink and returned his full attention to her. Tap. Tap. Tap. \"Got a business proposition for you, if you'd care to hear it.\" he said carefully. The pain struck her firmly under the ribs, followed quickly by a bitterness that forced her to take slow, steady breaths so she wasn't overwhelmed. It wasn't an accident, the working part of her mind pointed out, that he chose those words. Meeting his gaze was a little harder this time, but Tessa forced herself to do it and found Chisolm watching her with a steady, calculating gaze that said yes, he chose those words for a specific reason. Her voice was so low the air between them vibrated with strain. \"Sam.\" she said very calmly, ignoring how very wrong his first name sounded in her mouth. \"I'm going to need you to get to a point. Now.\" If nothing else, Sam Chisolm had nerves of steel, or at least a hell of a poker face. He bore her scrutiny evenly and set his glass down, giving her his undivided attention as he propped his elbows up on the table and leaned forward slightly. \"Got word of a small gang of bandits a few towns north of Rose Creek. They've been expanding their territory for weeks now. I could use a strategist-\" \"How is that my concern?\" she demanded in a harsh whisper, matching his posture aggressively. Neither of them noticed the conversations in the restaurant began to ebb. \"You know very well that you are just as good a strategist as I am, if not better. You do not need me for that!\" He rubbed at his mouth and tried again. \"You've got experience taking down gangs-\" \"Don't you bullsh*t me Sam Chisolm.\" she hissed through bared teeth. By then she was aware of the eyes on their table, but she locked eyes with him. \"Tell me what you hope to gain by this.\" His eyes flicked around the room, noticing what she already had and he made to stand. \"This may not be the best place to discuss this.\" \"Sit. Down.\" It came out louder than she'd intended, cracking like a whip in the sudden silence. Etta stood off to their left, a pitcher hanging aloft in a dangerously slackening grip. Very slowly, Chisolm did as she said. Tessa sank back in her chair and watched him with glittering eyes. \"Don't you try to manipulate me. I'm as healed as I'm going to be, no I haven't given a lot of thought as to what I'm going to do with the next few years, and I want to know what you want. You could ask Vas. You could ask Red Harvest. You could wait for the others upstairs to heal. You could go and round up an entirely new posse. Why did you ask me? \" Why did you ask me like that? Why did you ask me like that like nothing has changed? The silence stretched between them and Chisolm finally sagged back in his chair, lines suddenly more prominent in his face. \"I want someone I trust at my back.\" he admitted. \"But I didn't want to press you into something you weren't sure about. Or give you any ideas if you weren't ready.\" She thought she knew what he carefully didn't say: I want to know where your head is. Tessa sighed sharply as the anger drained away, try as she might to hold on to it and rubbed at her face in an attempt to clear her head. She thought of the McClay's boardinghouse, where her workload slowly but steadily increased as they came to rely on her more, where Mrs. McClay kindly altered her daughters old skirts so she could wear them. The dark blue fabric of her skirt scratched against her legs and across the numb patch of scar on her thigh. Tessa considered the town and how easy it was to fall into it's rhythms. If she wanted to, really and truly, she could stay in Rose Creek, bring flowers to her brothers graves. Build a life. Then the thought came (guiltily, shyly) of lingering at their graves for something other than mourning. Watching the grass ripple on the valley floor, past the mass graves and the ridgeline, and wanting, suddenly, desperately, to saddle Scratch and go . Just go, even though her little brothers were dead and buried. Unbidden she thought of another, sad little grave, one with no cross and preacher and she shot to her feet and managed to choke out: \"I will let you know.\" She felt the weight of the rooms eyes on her back and set her shoulders. The sun beat down on her shoulders as soon as she walked outdoors and she knew she'd get a scolding from Mrs. McClay for not wearing a bonnet or some such thing. It dawned on her, as her feet picked their way to the stables without conscious decision, that she'd been drifting in something of a daze for the past two months. Carefully not making a decision, not putting up a fuss as Mrs. McClay dressed her like a doll and made noises about taking her on permanently. A word or two at first, but lately she had been more than hinting about it. The thought of staying at the boarding house and losing the open sky closed around her throat like a fist. She walked up to Scratch, and he kicked the door of his stall, anxious to be let out, to go. Tessa stroked down his nose and he flung his head up, not having it. She let him out every day, put him in the corral so he could stretch his legs. For the first time since the battle, she really looked at him. Rings of white flashed around his eyes and told her in no uncertain terms, that he was upset. She hadn't ridden him in months , and no one else was brave enough. \"Hey ho little brother.\" she whispered. \"I'm so sorry. Hold on.\" Her saddle was right where she'd left it, and it was heavier than she remembered - I've gotten soft- . Tessa hefted it onto his back, and he settled down almost immediately. He didn't fight the bit when she slid it into his mouth, and he let himself be led outside the stable without much fuss. It was the end of the day, so people were eating dinner. Except there was Mrs. McClay, concern pinching her face, and it quickly morphed into a scold. \"Tessa Newell! What do you think you are doing?\" It was an easy decision to firmly set her left foot into the stirrup and mount up. Her right thigh twinged sharply at the move, and the skirt was too narrow to allow her to fling her leg over, so she hooked her knee over the saddle horn and firmly gathered the reins up. Mrs. McClay hadn't stopped talking and her voice had risen enough to draw curious eyes to their little scene in the street. Tessa breathed deep and Scratch didn't, well, prance in place, but it was a close thing. He wanted to go, and suddenly, that was all Tessa wanted too. \"I'll be back before dark.\" she raised her voice slightly, ignoring Mrs. McClay's protestations and wheeled her mule around. He wanted to run, his muscles bunched under her but Tessa held him firm and eased him into a trot. They hadn't practiced side saddle much, but she was confident he wouldn't spill her. In spite of everything, a quiet thrill sang through her and she let him start to canter when they reached the edge of the town. Heart pounding, they came to the ridge line and the road stretched before them to the west, a ribbon of white in the rolling grass, and swallowed up by the horizon. Tessa gave him his head and Scratch's powerful muscles, even after weeks of soft living, coiled and sprang into the gallop. For one breathless, endless moment she left her grief behind. The wind whipped her hair back and Tessa was distantly aware she was laughing, hard, like a mad man. It didn't matter. She knew her decision, had known it in the stable. This? This she couldn't give up. She wouldn't. Where she might go without Nick and Joe didn't matter. Living a half life without them was worse than living a full one without them. Scratch began to tire and she slowly drew him to a canter, a trot, then a walk. His sides heaved like a bellows as they both cooled down, but Tessa thought he was pleased. As it always did, the grief caught up to her. Tears filled her eyes and she didn't bother to push them back. \"I can't do this.\" She missed them like a limb and Scratch puffed to a stop before she absently prodded him on. He was too hot to stop walking. Tessa addressed his long ragged ears blindly: \"I can't do this without them. I can't. But I can't stay here. I can't just stop. I can't go and marry someone I don't love, I can't just settle… \" Shame flooded her cheeks and pulled her head down towards her chest. The words found their way out in time and they weren't for Scratch. \"I miss you. I miss you so much. I miss you, and I miss Mama, and I can't- I can't go out and be what I was-do what I did-\" Tessa let herself sag forward over her leg, burying her face in the scratchy material of her borrowed skirt. Sobs choked her, made her words incomprehensible to anyone but her, culminating in the shameful truth that she'd been carefully avoiding for months. \"I don't want to stay here! I don't want to live and die in Rose Creek! But they died for it, and how can I-\" Somewhere in the midst of her tears Scratch had stopped and was pulling up grass by the bushel and Tessa stumbled from his back, and curled up, rocking back and forth. \"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!\" she managed, and it came out like a scream. \"I'm sorry I did this, I'm sorry I can't stay!\" Tessa wrapped her arms around her waist and rocked. \"I can't stay.\" Shadows started to lengthen and the sky burst with color. Tessa eased off her scarred thigh and wiped at her face. Her eyes were gritty but she could breathe again. There was a part of her, the part of her still rational and whole (as whole as any piece of her could be anyway) that quietly piped up in the aftermath of her fury. Nick and Joe knew her better than anyone. Out of all the things they expected of her, settling down probably wasn't one of them. Tessa wiped her nose on her sleeve and sniffled, the sound pitiful even to her own ears. The thought of giving up the open sky for four walls and a husband (because she would get married off if she stayed, Mrs. McClay and all the old biddies would hound her until she died) who knew nothing of her life, of who she was…. The thought made her skin crawl. Home had been Nick and Joe, not the house they wintered in. There was nothing to stop her going back of course, but….the winters were long and hard. Tessa shuddered. Better to die in the saddle. Better to have died with Nick and Joe . Tessa shook her head as if she could physically shake the thought from her mind and resolutely climbed to her feet. Scratch didn't bother raising his head until she forced him away from his delicious meal of prairie grass. As if he wasn't fat from all the oats. Snorting, Tessa levered herself back into the saddle, and turned his head to Rose Creek. She wished briefly that she'd brought a canteen if only to wash her face so no one could tell she'd been crying, but it would be dark by the time she got back. Scratch was displeased, but he went. The return gave her a little more time to think and Tessa tilted her head back, listening to the prairie hiss and seethe as the wind blew. Of all the choices before her, (which really boiled down to those three) getting back on the road was the only one that didn't make her want to scream. Going with Chisolm though...That hadn't even occurred to her. But, she reflected, it was better than nothing. Better than being alone, even though they would doubtless run into some trouble, being respectively a black man, and a woman. No doubt he had thought of that. The red in the sky bled into purple and steadily into a beautiful blue that made her breath hitch. No, no she couldn't give this up. Tessa urged the mule into a faster pace and soon they were cantering back. The moon hadn't risen but she could see the pale dirt of the road clearly in the waning light. True dark fell as she reached the ridge line above town. They passed the sad little crosses, hung scraps of red and a pinwheel she knew was spinning even if she couldn't see it. The woman both was and wasn't surprised to find a lantern burning on the porch of the Elysium, and Sam Chisolm sitting there waiting for her. She dismounted, legs screaming after months out of the saddle, and let Scratch's reins dangle. He leaned forward as if to say something but Tessa cut him off. \"This job you want to do? Requires at least three people.\"[Chapter 17] Hi guys~! Hermes here. Thank you so much to those who liked and followed my story, here's a new chapter for you! Thanks also to those who commented on chapter 16, as always it made my day. :) Most importantly, thank you to my enthusiastic and fantastic beta reader, TheWorldInaDay , you have been the proverbial wind beneath my wings when it came down to getting this chapter off the ground (and subsequently getting the story restarted after my inadvertent hiatus) and I couldn't have done it without you. So here we are! I didn't intend for this to happen, but both Tessa and Vas have a way with words, in that, specifically, they use the wrong ones at the wrong times. Bless their bonny bones. So, that being said, on with the show! Please comment and review as you like, I always love getting your feedback! Sincerely, Hermes. PS, I'll try to have chapter 18 a little more promptly. Unfortunately, I work really long hours at this time. Gotta pay them bills y'all. \"There's always, always a choice. My options might really, truly suck, but that doesn't mean there isn't a choice.\" ― Jim Butcher , Cold Days Her leg ached fiercely. They both did really. Riding hard after several months of walking had not been her brightest idea, but Tessa couldn't bring herself to regret it. After briefly conversing with Chisolm, she stabled Scratch and brushed him down quickly. For his part, the mule ate like he'd been denied such fodder for years, and not mere hours. Tessa snorted. He was a genuinely ridiculous animal, even at the best of times. The stables were quiet and flush with heavy breathing from it's occupants, and none of them so much as twitched as she walked out. It wasn't late, but the streets were quiet and still. Occasional bursts of noise came from the Elysium; she would have company if that was where she decided to go. But Tessa turned to the McClay's. They were owed an explanation, and once she and Chisolm put their heads together, she knew she would easily be able to let herself put it off until it was the day of, and she could ride off without a qualm. They didn't deserve that. Tessa climbed the steps, purposefully treading hard on the creaking board just in front of the door so the building's occupants would have some warning. The light in the kitchen didn't so much as flicker, and there were no other sounds as she stepped inside. Mrs. Martha McClay was a force of nature. Tessa found herself respecting the woman for her alacrity and no nonsense attitude. She was ruler of her boarding house, and Willis McClay just seemed to hold on for the ride. She was sitting at her kitchen table, mouth pursed and furiously sewing something in the light of a kerosene lamp. The smell made her shudder, but Tessa forced herself to walk further in. She didn't speak; Mrs. McClay knew she was there. The fury in the lines of her shoulders and furrowed brow kept her from speaking. On the table, in the place that had become her place, somehow, there was a plate covered by a clean cloth. All at once, shame choked her. She carefully sat down and started to eat. Tessa was halfway through her small meal and feeling lower than low, when the older woman finally spoke. She jabbed the needle in and out of the shapeless bundle of cloth fiercely, and didn't look up. \"I could just kill that Sam Chisolm.\" Her throat worked furiously around a lump of cold potatoes and she swallowed painfully before Tessa could manage a choked \"Oh?\" Not that Mrs. McClay needed any further encouragement. \"That man! Getting you into trouble again! Who knows what sort of trouble you could get up to out there, without your brothers, all on your own…\" The other sniffed sharply and brought Tessa to the jarring realization that iron-willed Marth McClay wasn't just angry, she was genuinely upset. If she'd felt bad before, there were not words for what she felt then. It dawned on her, slow and sure, that she'd come to care about the old, tough couple. She looked down at her plate and the effort of finishing it seemed too much. With a watery sigh she would not admit to, Tessa slid it to the side and hesitated briefly before reaching across and touching the work rough hand. Mrs. McClay allowed the contact before huffing and brushing her off to keep working. \"I knew you'd leave.\" she said abruptly into the bristling silence. \"I think I always knew it. Of course, I hoped…\" \"I'm sorry.\" Tessa said softly. \"Not sorry enough to stay.\" For the first time since she'd walked in the door sharp blue eyes met grey. Tessa was the first to look away. No, not sorry enough to stay. Mrs. McClay went on, ruthless. \"Don't think I don't understand girl, because I do. Every young woman dreams of...being what you are , at one time or another.\" \"A hellion?\" Tessa scoffed weakly. \"Her own person.\" The words struck her into silence and Tessa studied the other carefully. \"Don't misunderstand me girl, I don't strictly speaking, approve of this lifestyle of yours. It's dangerous, and it makes you look like a woman of ill repute. But I understand it. Most girls dream of riding off into the sunset and being their own hero. Of course,\" she straightened the bundle in her hands to get at a seam better. \"They usually grow out of it.\" Tessa blinked, lifted out of her ill mood. \"I...don't understand.\" \"I am saying ,\" Mrs. McClay flung the cloth out in a quick, jerking motion and it finally took shape. \"That I don't want you to go. I've grown quite fond of you and you are not a terrible guest in my house-you could have a place here, if you wanted it. But I don't think you do.\" Stunned by what she saw, Tessa met the other's gaze helplessly. Martha McClay leaned across the table and pressed a hand firmly over her heart. \"You could be happy here, if you let yourself. But whatever caused you to run west in the first place has still got you running scared girl. Until you face that, you are always going to run.\" She had cried so much that day, but more tears tried to fall. Tessa refused to let them. She wasn't right, not completely, but the words struck closer to home than she liked, and the old pain was closer to the surface than it had been in years. Instead she went on impulse and walked around the table, into the other's startled embrace. There was only a moment before those strong arms closed around her, and in spite of her best efforts a tear did escape. \"Thank you for the pants.\" she whispered into Mrs. McClay's shoulder. The older woman ended the embrace before Tessa did and held her at arm's length eyeing her critically up and down. \"Don't thank me yet,\" she sniffed, seemingly over her bout of emotion. \"Let's see how they fit first.\" Tessa fussed with her saddlebags and knew she was stalling. Nearly a week after Chisolm had first asked her to go with him, they were finally ready to go. Red Harvest had shown up sometime in the night of their fourth day of preparation, and the shopkeepers had been generous in their supplies. Vasquez had agreed to go, though why, she couldn't quite understand. Faraday and Goodnight had offered their own advice ( and called her no small amount of names for going and putting herself in danger again ). Billy merely told her not to die. Tessa shook her head to clear it and tightened the strap tying down her bedroll. It didn't need it and Scratch craned his long neck around as if to ask her what was taking so long. A slight scuff in the dirt behind her pulled her attention and she turned and looked up at Vas, already firm in the saddle. His paint whuffled and tossed her head. The Mexican looked solemn in the early morning light and he chewed absentmindedly on the remains of his cigar. \"Are you ready?\" \"Always.\" with a brief grin she planted her foot in the stirrup and swung herself up onto Scratch's tall back. \"You said your goodbyes?\" Vas nodded to the McClay's boarding house as she guided the mules head around. The building was still and quiet. \"I did. But you make it sound like we're going off to war.\" Tessa scoffed as he mounted his own paint. \"Aren't we?\" he said darkly. Their mounts fell into step and Tessa shot him a quizzical look even as she tightened her grip on the reins before Scratch could get any ideas. \"And what is that supposed to mean?\" He threw the remains of his soggy cigar into the street and spat over his horses shoulder. \"Are you so desperate to fight chiquita, that you would leave behind people who care about you?\" Tessa suppressed a flash of irritation. \"I don't see that you have any right to talk Vas. You're riding out with us.\" The look he gave her was nothing short of contemptuous and for a long moment there was a stranger in front of her. She'd forgotten somewhere in the midst of all the things they'd been through that Vas was a dangerous man. \"I have no choice.\" He clicked to his paint and the horse picked up it's pace, quickly leaving her behind as he went to wait beside Chisolm. Scratch, not to be left behind, stepped up his pace and not a moment later Red Harvest joined them. She couldn't bring herself to look at Vas. Some mutual understanding passed between the three men and they started out. Tessa swallowed sharply and stared at the tight line of Vas's shoulders. There was no good reason for her to be feeling the way she was, wrong footed and-and off . But she couldn't get his face out of her mind. By the end of the day, Tessa felt like one big bruise. Two and a half months out of the saddle had seen a clear loss of muscle mass-yet another tally against them. Only her not-inconsiderable pride kept her from making a sound when they dismounted at the end of the day. Scratch, for once, did her the courtesy of being still when she stepped down and the pain lancing up from her hips and thighs forced her to pause. She exhaled sharply through her nose and considered the steps she would to take to get his saddle down and curry him. He could do without for one night, surely? \"Are you alright?\" The grudging question jerked her from her musings and Tessa turned stiffly (if she didn't bend her legs, it hurt that much less) to face Vas. Or was it Vasquez now? The man had been in a foul mood all day and Tessa had given him a wide berth as they'd ridden. They had paused long enough to water the horses and wolf down a bit of jerky, and her brief attempts at conversation had fallen flat, and that was that. Vas had walked off from them as they'd stretched their legs muttering darkly under his breath in Spanish. He hadn't so much as looked at her all day. But he was looking at her now , even though for all the world he looked like he'd rather be anywhere else. The woman was at a loss. Months of tentative friendship, and suddenly she was a pariah. Until she wasn't. A body could get whiplash- He quirked an eyebrow, waiting. Tessa's mouth snapped shut with a soft click and she nodded, bending (still stiffly) to loosen the saddle girth. She took a deep breath to fortify herself against the coming pain and reached up to pull the saddle from the impatient mules back, when large capable hands brushed her aside and lifted it over her head. Dodging a stray strap Tessa swung around as quickly as her protesting muscles (even her back ached) allowed. Vas hefted the saddle in his arms, face utterly expressionless, and deposited it with a thump, bedroll and all, by the beginnings of a fire pit. Chisolm glanced up and raised his eyebrows meaningfully. The Mexican stalked off before she could even begin to thank him, tension in the high line of his shoulders. Mouth working soundlessly Tessa looked back when she felt eyes on her. Chisolm was watching her, perfectly expressionless. \"What?\" Tessa snapped, defensive for no reason she could name. \"Whatever's going on between you two, I'm going to need you to fix it.\" Chisolm dead panned. \"Nothing- I didn't-\" Tessa sputtered, ears burning but he held up his hands as he placed the last of the ring of stones for the fire. \"I don't need to know.\" was all he said. \"But it's you that's got him all in a twist, not me, so you'd best fix it.\" \"But-but-\" \"I have enough to worry about.\" Chisolm nodded once, like that settled the matter, and walked off, perhaps in search of Red Harvest, and leaving Tessa alone with the animals. \"But I don't know what I did .\" she muttered. Scratch took her distraction as the perfect opening to plant his nose in the small of her back and shove her jarringly to her knees. When she managed to get herself back into rights, Tessa turned and glared at the beast, who flipped his ponderously large ears forward curiously. \"You are not helping .\" The mule whuffed a gust of breath her way and bent back to inspect the ground for more fodder, having decided his human was just too strange to deal with. By the time Tessa had gotten Scratch and the other mounts (she was not stalling) curried and safely picketed Red Harvest had returned with a rabbit and was busily skinning it. She hadn't known he'd arrived, only that when she'd turned from brushing down his leggy gray he'd been there, clutching the poor thumper by the ears and watching her with a considering look. In spite of herself, she'd nearly jumped right out of her skin. The barest hint of a smirk tipped up the corner of his mouth but he'd given her a nod and bent to his work. Chisolm himself had also returned and left again, depositing a load of kindling, and giving her a look that managed to be both exasperated and pointed all at once. It reminded her painfully of Nick; Tessa also wanted to throw something at the older man. Hands on her hips she watched the man go and reminded herself she was an adult, and throwing something at him would help no one. He also might have had a point. She couldn't afford to be distracted when they went in, and neither could Vas. Decided, she addressed a careful question to Red Harvest. They hadn't interacted that much, but she vaguely recalled him there at her bedside, tending her leg and shoulder (under the watchful eye of Emma Cullen), and wasn't quite sure where she stood with him. He glanced up at her and jerked his chin in the direction she needed, an dropped his eyes back to his work without waiting for her response. \"Thank you.\" she replied politely. Even with the vague directions she'd been giving Tessa managed to find Vas in record time. The lanky man was skulking around a knotty tree by the creek, angrily puffing away at one of his cigars. At least she assumed it was angrily, given how fast the puffs of smoke were coming. Up until that moment she'd never seen Vas do anything but indulge with a cigar. Suddenly nervous, Tessa swallowed and purposefully scuffed a boot on the ground so he wouldn't be startled. It was, she considered, a mistake, given that he was an outlaw and jumpy as all get out. Vas loosed a string of (presumably) swear words in Spanish and rounded on her with a glare, the poor cigar clutched tight between two fingers. \"What?\" he snapped. More than a little taken aback, Tessa scrambled for the words she'd rehearsed and came up empty. \"I-\" \"Can't a man get a minute to himself?\" Vas cut her off, uttering what was definitely an oath. He turned his back on her, waving her away. \"Go. I will go back when I am ready.\" \"If you'd stop sulking like a child for a moment I would like to apologize. I'm not sure for what but I've apparently done something to set you off.\" The words were out of her mouth before she thought better of them, and her fists clenched by her sides as Vas stiffened and slowly turned to face her. \"¿Qué acabas de decirme, mujer?\" \"You know I don't understand you,\" Tessa shot back annoyed and on familiar ground. Anger, she could deal with. The outlaw paced forward a few steps with a slow prowling gait that had her hackles raising. His eyes glinted. \"What did you say to me woman?\" Tessa sneered. \"You heard me. Instead of sulking like a child you could just tell me what's wrong and I'll fix it.\" \"Oh you will, will you?\" Vasquez scoffed, and flung his cigar to the ground, absently grinding it out. \"I don't deal with passive aggressive people,\" Tessa cut him off before he could get any farther. \"If you have a problem with me, with something I did -and believe me I'm struggling to understand what I did!-then you talk to me! You don't storm off in the trees like-\" \"Call me a child again chiquita,\" he said with deadly calm, and stepped into her space. \"Don't you threaten me, not when it's true!\" she hissed between clenched teeth, and gave no ground. As close as they were she watched Vas's nostrils flare in his ire with detached interest. If he tried to swing at her, she could easily duck out of his reach. She sensed more than saw his hands curl into fists at his sides and shifted her weight onto her left foot. Just in case. Just as suddenly, the tension dispersed. He still looked plenty angry but less inclined to take her head off. \"Did it ever occur to you to leave well enough alone?\" Tessa mouthed soundlessly at the air for a moment, thrown by his sudden change in demeanor but managed to gather herself enough to protest. \"Chisolm insisted this was my fault and…\" A blush rose in her cheeks, and his unimpressed look prompted her to go on. \"...and that I come fix it.\" Vas stared at her, unreadable even to her eye and waved her off. \"There is nothing to fix. Go back to camp.\" Such a firm dismissal would ordinarily be enough to send her packing. Tessa wasn't one to keep bothering a person when they clearly wanted to be left alone. But she persisted. Just this once. Before he could get back to his brooding (he already had another cigar in hand) Tessa wrapped a hand around his arm. Well, wrapped was a mite strong. She got as good a grip as she could on the smooth muscle above his elbow, heat bleeding through the rolled up fabric and pulled him to an insistent stop. The contact drew the other up short and he stared at her hand, then at her face. Tessa quickly took her hand back and folded her arms, raising her chin in challenge. \"What did you mean when you said you had no choice? This morning I mean.\" He huffed softly and struck the match he was holding against the rough surface of his gun belt. \"You're smarter than that chiquita.\" \"But everyone loves you in Rose Creek,\" Tessa threw up her hands, puzzled. \"You could have stayed.\" Brown eyes met gray and he shook his head disbelievingly. \"Maybe not as smart as I thought-\" \"Now just one second-!\" \"-I will tell you then.\" Vas went on as if she hadn't spoken. \"I am an outlaw . There are still men hunting me.\" It wasn't like Tessa had forgotten. She blinked, and cautiously pointed out: \"They wouldn't turn you in.\" \"I know.\" For a moment he softened. She blinked again, and it was gone. \"I do not want to put them in danger.\" Tessa blinked, lips parting slightly in surprise. Slowly she nodded and wracked her brain. \"That...makes sense. But what did I do that made your day worse?\" Try as she might she couldn't keep the hurt from her voice and Tessa bit at her lip in self-reprimand. That had no place here. Vas looked at the darkening sky and shook his head slowly, before he looked at her. \"You left.\" he said simply. \"And you didn't have to.\" The blood surged in her temples as she went to fire something (she didn't know what) back, but he touched her shoulder. Just a bare brush of fingertips on fabric, and confusing enough to derail her before she could say something truly awful. \"You had the choice, you still do, and you chose to go out and pick another fight. That is why I am angry.\" Tessa sucked in a shuddering breath, scrabbling for control, and fixed a burning gaze on him. Her heart pounded so hard she could feel it in her fingertips. \"Let us get one thing settled, if nothing else. You know nothing about me, about the choices I make- absolutely nothing , and you do not get to be angry at me for my decisions , when they do not affect you. My reasons for not settling in the town my brothers died in, are my own, and I will be damned before I let you tell me that I made the wrong one. You are not my father, my husband, or my brother, and you have no right to-\" She cut herself off abruptly and spun on her heel. She didn't even feel her aches and pains in that moment. \"Forget it. You stay out here as long as you like. I'm hungry.\" The walk back to camp was fraught with shadows and Tessa almost tripped a time or two, which only made her angrier. She knew, somewhere inside, that she was being irrational. It didn't matter. How dare he?! How dare he spend the entire day treating her like a pariah just because she didn't settle down and become someone's \"goodwife\"? How dare he act as if he had any right to make comments on her life choices! When it came down to it, Vasquez was little more than an acquaintance and, to date, not a pleasant one. She had thought of him as a friend but- Two sets of eyes were immediately drawn to her as she burst back into camp, but all Tessa had to do to forestall any stupid questions was turn a blazing look on Chisolm, and the man wisely went back to whatever he was doing. Her teeth creaked where she clenched them and Tessa forced herself to relax as she snatched up Scratch's brush and comb. She was too wired to do anything that involved sitting; the mule certainly didn't complain about getting two rub downs in one evening. Some time later, when her breathing had calmed and the strokes of her hands slowed, Tessa was aware of Vasquez joining the circle around the fire. Lips pursed, she refused to turn. Let him see how he enjoyed getting the cold shoulder. When she had regained some control, Tessa left off her work and went to sit down herself. Chisolm wordlessly passed her a bit of rabbit and declined to comment about how both she and Vasquez refused to look a one another. She tore off a strip of flesh and smiled to herself. Chisolm, at least, knew when to back down.[Chapter 18] Hello good people! Sorry for the long time between updates. They may not come as frequently now. If this chapter seems a little disjointed, I apologize, I'm having to get back into the swing of things and it certainly isn't easy! That being said, I hope it's coherent and will tide you over until the next one! Thanks to all my readers and reviewers, and the people who've favorited this story, you are all so sweet! \"He is clever and cunning and careful. He knows how to listen. And he has a kind of magic.\" ― Terry Pratchett, The Shepherd's Crown Chapter 18 The night was so thick and hot Vasquez thought he might drown in it. It had been hot and all day, but at least the wind had been blowing. As soon as night had fully fallen, every breeze was gone. Even the act of reclining by the fire, (as far away as he could safely manage) was enough to soak his shirt with sweat. Even Sam had loosened a button or two, while Red Harvest seemed not to notice, sleeping lightly by the fire without trouble, one hand curled loosely around his large knife. He knew the younger man could snap to in a moments notice, however, because every time Tessa stirred, the other did as well. Eventually, REd Harvest seemed to settle, either so tired that her tossing and turning no longer registered, or he had adjusted to her sounds and tuned them out. Vasquez wearily suspected the latter. Of the three of his companions, Tessa was the only one who seemed as miserable as he did. Whether it was her sore muscles (he hadn't missed that her walking stiffly), or the heat, she tossed and turned something fierce. At some point in the night she'd given up her vest, and treated Vasquez to the sight of the homespun cotton of her shirt clinging closely to her back and the curve of her waist, before she'd snapped it away from her in a vain attempt to cool down. He'd heard her gasp out like the very act of breathing was a chore and then she'd settled back down, flat on her back and palms up as if in supplication. He couldn't blame her. He'd stripped his own vest not too long after she had and finally settled into some sort of restless, half asleep state. The night's earlier argument went round and round in his head, but he didn't have the energy to be upset about it anymore. Not truly. Mujer obstinada, he mused, stinging from her words even still. Couldn't see what was good for her if it bit her on the nose. He'd thought for while there that she'd take a swing at him but, this time at least, she'd restrained herself. The amusement that bubbled dimly up in the wake of that thought was followed quickly by a renewed irritation and the barest brush an idea that maybe he'd overstepped. But, Vasquez thought-one of his last- someone had needed to say it. If no one else would, why not him? A distant, restless whimper filtered through his stupor, before all thoughts slid abruptly into dreams. Or memories, he couldn't tell. When he saw her ride out of Rose Creek, Vasquez genuinely thought she'd never come back. He'd come out of the ruins of the church, mopping the sweat off his face, to see her clinging to her mules back, a blur of blue and white and gray, as she'd cantered and then galloped right out of town and out of sight. It wasn't a surprise really, but it sent a pang of fear through him all the same. Fear for her, and, strangely, for himself. Tessa hadn't so much as looked at gun since her brothers had died, he was willing to bet she didn't have one on her now. It took a lot of strength to keep from going after her, to make sure she was alright. All he knew was that it took him a long time to stop watching the horizon. His steps, when he finally made himself move again, were slow, and they turned to the Elysium, where no doubt Sam would be. Dusk was just beginning to fall. Vasquez leaned on a support beam and was a little mollified to find Sam watchin the road out of town too. \"What did you say to her?\" The other turned his dark gaze away from the horizon and studied Vasquez briefly. \"I asked her to come with us.\" The anger that surged through him caught Vasquez fully off guard and he stepped towards Sam, teeth bared and hands curled into fists. \"Eres un hijo de puta! How could you do that? She cannot come with us, it is too dangerous!\" Sam was up and on his feet with a smooth, deadly grace and though he didn't reach for a gun, the threat of doing so hung between them, enough to draw Vasquez up sharply. He was aware, through the haze of his rage, that he was breathing harshly, and the saloon had become very quiet. When he spoke, Sam spoke in that measured way he had the night before the fight. \"It's her choice Vasquez. Tessa gets to decide her future.\" His hands were balled tight at his sides. Vasquez sneered. \"Don't give me that cabron. If you hadn't said anything-\" \"She still would have left. But she would have left by herself and run headlong into trouble.\" Sam said firmly. \"Do you really think she would have stayed here?\" Vasquez bared his teeth at the other. \"Si! Hombre egoísta, she could have!\" The look Sam gave him was almost pitying. \"If she wanted to stay, she would have. Nothing could have moved her otherwise. And you know that.\" He struck a fist against his own leg and stomped off into the darkness, because, God help him, Sam was right. He walked back to the makeshift carpenters shop in the church as the light died around him, and sat in the dark, breathing in the mingled scents of sawdust and soot until most of the anger had died. Vasquest drew a cigar from shirt pocket and absently lit it. The familiar scent settled him further until he could look at the situation without wanting to hit something. Why was he so angry? It was Tessa's choice, Sam was right. So why was he so angry? There, in the dark, he told himself it was because he'd accidentally saved her life. That sort of thing forged a bond between people. It wasn't because he wanted her to stay there in town, with McClay's, where she was safe, and cared for. It wasn't because he wanted her to stay in town with him. It most certainly was not because he wanted to stay in town himself. It wasn't. Next he knew, someone kicked his boot. Vasquez startled into a sitting position with a snort, gun drawn and up, and found Red Harvest standing over him smirking. Before he could gather his wits the younger man turned on his heel and strode away without making a sound. He passed by a scowling Tessa who packed her bedroll so roughly he thought she'd tear it to shreds. She glanced up once, eyes mirror shard bright and just as quickly looked away. Vasquez growled, yesterday's argument coming right back, and the last of his dream slipped away. Huffing he found his feet, and just as carefully didn't look at her as he rolled his own bedroll (generously donated by the people of Rose Creek) tightly up. When he was finished he rounded to the fire and found Sam Chisolm watching him, face utterly blank. One eyebrow rose slowly as he sipped his coffee. A dull flush crawled up Vasquez's neck and he snorted, gaze skittering away before he thought better of it. Pointedly ignoring the man who'd gotten them into yet another crazy mess (El tonto cree que lo sabe todo) he poured his own cup and squinted in the early morning light as he helped himself to the food. Tessa had limped over to Scratch and was speaking softly to the evil beast as she saddled him. Every move looked stiff and painful. Sam cleared his throat and Vasquez blinked himself out of his thoughts. After a long moment, the warrant officer cleared his throat again. Meaningfully. Vasquez glared. \"What?\" Sam looked more exasperated than Vasquez had ever seen him, and he straightened where he sat, offended. Vasquez knew, at the back of his mind, that he was playing right into the other man's hands but he couldn't seem to stop himself. \"What? No te sientas ahí, habla claro.\" Sam rolled his eyes. It was such an uncharacteristic expression Vasquez actually gawked at him for a moment. \"It's none of my business-\" \"Si.\" Vasquez agreed firmly. Sam ignored him. \"-but seeing as we're going to be fighting an entire gang of bandits in the next few days, it is my opinion that you two-\" he flicked a gesture between the still seated Vasquez and the stiff limbed Tessa, who had her head cocked as if she was listening in. ¿No puede esa mujer ocuparse de sus propios asuntos?, he thought caustically. \"-should get yourselves straightened out.\" \"There is nothing going on, nada.\" Vasquez denied flatly. \"Just because she did not like what I had to say does not mean anything is going on between us.\" He choked on his own words, swearing up and down at himself for the slip. Sam leaned back where he sat, carefully studying the cloudless morning. \"I said nothing about that now.\" \"Callate!\" Vasquez hissed between clenched teeth, and glanced down as Tessa limped up to the fire. She looked unwell and dropped hard into her chosen place, pale under the wide brim of her hat, lips pursed into a thin nonexistence. Vasquez viciously clamped down on any concern he might have felt and swallowed the last of his breakfast. Tessa Newell had made it quite clear that her wellbeing was none of his business. As he climbed to his feet, brushing the crumbs from his palms, Tessa addressed Sam; totally ignoring Vasquez in the process. His teeth ground together audibly and he forced himself over to Peca. He'd lifted up two feet, to check them over, before he realized someone had brushed her down until she was shining. The friendly mare butted his shoulder with her nose as Vasquez cast an unwilling glance over his shoulder to where Tessa and Sam were discussing the days plans. Had she…? An odd, soft crunch from behind his left shoulder had him turning to locate the source. Red Harvest eyed him from over the graceful back of his own horse, munching on...something. The younger man's eyebrows cocked up slightly. \"You shouldn't stare. You are fighting.\" Vasquez goggled, more at the fact that he was speaking English than at what he'd actually said. Then it caught up to him. He shot another glance at the two by the fire to make sure they hadn't heard. \"Horne was right, ladrón de caballos, you are a little shit.\" The Comanche made a muffled noise, like he was laughing at him but when Vasquez looked up sharply, Red Harvest's face was as unreadable as ever. Scowling Vasquez hefted his saddle onto Peca's back; they had a long day's ride ahead of them and he used that excuse to keep himself busy until the others were ready to go. He found himself next to Red Harvest for the first stretch of the day's ride. The warrant officer rode ahead, and Tessa brought up the rear, where Scratch couldn't hurt anyone. (And where he wouldn't have to talk to her). Sam was the one who knew where they were going, and had an idea of where the gang had last been sighted, so there was no need for the Indian to go ahead and scout. The younger man seemed...not upset by this but a little unhappy. Two hours into the day, with the hot morning sun beating down on them (it was promising to be another burning day, but at least the wind had picked up), Vasquez took pity on him. And he might have been a little curious. \"Why did you come?\" The other cut his eyes at him and Vasquez met his gaze squarely. Red Harvest had what his Mama would have called \"ojos sabios\". Just because the man was quiet didn't mean he did not understand, as they had all learned quickly. He and Ben Truebill had probably saved half the town. And then, as soon as it was clear that everyone who was going to make it was out of the woods, he'd vanished. Vasquez couldn't really blame him. The memory of those first hours after the battle surfaced and had him suppressing a shudder. He had almost run himself. A mixed flock of birds tearing overhead broke his line of thinking. Both men watched them go. The sight nagged at some memory, but since Red Harvest didn't appear concerned Vasquez shrugged it off. \"Why did you?\" The older man affected a casual shrug. \"I had no place else to go. This seemed as good a way as any to go.\" He felt the other's eyes on him and tried to quash the sneaking suspicion that the other knew more than he was telling. Just where, Vasquez wondered, had the Indian been while he and Tessa had been arguing at the creek? He forced the thoughts aside and raised his chin to prompt him to answer. For a long moment he thought it was a waste of effort. \"...The elders of my people said my path was different. My path led me to him.\" He nodded to Sam Chisolm who rode easy ahead like he didn't have a single worry-but his head was swinging back and forth, slowly, scanning for trouble. \"So where he goes, you go?\" Vasquez thought of Billy Rocks and Goodnight. But Red Harvest shook his head. \"I follow my path, where it leads me.\" he said simply. \"For this time, it goes with Sam.\" Vasquez nodded slowly. \"I see.\" He didn't. But he almost wished he did. As if on it's own his had reached up to touch his medallion. They rode in amicable silence, occasionally punctuated by a bird startled into flight or Tessa muttering at her caballo demonio . Vasquez fixed his gaze forward firmly, making a show (if only for himself) of scanning the horizon. Red Harvest was either kind enough, or disinterested enough, not to call him on it. The land was broken up by scrub brush and small bunches of trees, and it was under one of those that Sam called a halt during the hottest part of the day. His face was as placid as ever, but he'd rolled up his sleeves and unbuttoned the top two buttons of his shirt. Probably, Vasquez thought, the closest he would ever come to admitting the was uncomfortable. Of the four of them, Red Harvest the pequeña mierda, seemed the least affected. Fanning himself with his hat, Vasquez was hard pressed not to smack him. Eh. It was too hot to bother. \"We'll rest here for a bit, til the heat lets up.\" Sam said with only a hint of weariness. Tessa dismounted, face scrunching briefly in discomfort, but she didn't make a sound. Vasquez shut his eyes and leaned back against a skinny tree. A hot, wind cuffed his face, and brought him no relief. Mujer obstinada . \"How long until we reach bandit territory?\" she questioned. She sounded a little breathless, but not as tired as he thought she would. Vasquez swore at himself when the thought crossed his mind. He had no business paying so much attention to her! \"-give or take, to where I last saw them.\" Sam had answered while Vasquez cursed himself. \"Then it's just a matter of tracking them down.\" She nodded slowly, more to herself than to Sam. \"About that. We don't need to be in any great and tearing hurry to find them. Not as long as this heat wave continues.\" Sam didn't even look up from where he was unsaddling his mare. \"Oh?\" The smile she offered was pale and crooked. \"They won't be so keen to move in this heat. Not if they don't have to. We can use that.\" Vasquez paused in his fanning, both intrigued and a little annoyed by her self assured tone. \"You know this from experience then?\" She flicked a glance, needle sharp, his way but answered, stiffly. \"Men who don't have actual work to do won't be willing to do much on days like this. More than likely they'll be holed up somewhere near water and where they can lay low and not be disturbed. Her eyes flicked up and away thoughtfully as she mulled over her own words. She raised her voice slightly. \"Do you know of any places like that up ahead?\" Sam, smart man that he was, had dropped his saddle under a thoroughly shady patch and was reclined on it with his hat over his eyes. He seemed to know he was being addressed. \"More'n likely. But give it a rest for now. It's too hot to think.\" Red Harvest gave a low laugh from where he was seated against the trunk of a tree, which set Vasquez off in spite of himself. Tessa's sniff of disapproval had him nearly doubling over, and she left the three where they lay, clearly irked. It was good to laugh, in spite of things. After a long moment her mule followed ponderously after, and he heard the unmistakable sound of him shoving his rider into what sounded like a tree. He snickered to himself under his hat, unable to help himself. Served the stubborn thing right. ","Summary":" Hello Hello! Hermes here. I just want to lay down some facts for you before you get started on this"},{"Movie":"Let the Right One In Låt den rätte...","Title":"Till the End of Time","Author":"Arc31","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5004700","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 The train they had boarded was quiet, there was hardly no one else here within the same cart as him and Eli . This was a better fit for their departure, Oskar couldn't believe that it was happening, what Eli had done in the gym to those bullies and the mess that was left behind would change his life from here on. Life here with his mom would be difficult for him if he didn't have Eli by his side, they had to be secretive about there travels not to cause alarm to themselves and to the authorities that would be looking for him. Eli laid sound asleep in a box that Oskar made for her, this above anything else was the last thing she wanted for Oskar but he coursed her into it, knowing she couldn't say no him after all they been through but on top of it all is that her own heart wouldn't allow Oskar to leave her even though she knew it had to be done. (Flashback) Back at the pool Oskar stood motionless in the water, while his tormentors were ripped apart like paper only to be scatter across the gym. A low grow escaped her lips as she turn her attention back towards Oskar and slowly pulled him up by the arm out of the pool. \"You came back, Eli. Why did you leave without saying anything we were going steady weren't we?\", said Oskar looking into her eyes \" I made a promise to help you if there were to many and me being here am keeping that promise. But I can not stay here Oskar\", said Eli \"You didn't answer my question. Why did you leave me?\", said Oskar rephrasing his question \"Oskar , things here have gotten complicated for me. Many people will be asking question about tonight and many nights before. I didn't want to leave you that was the last thing I wanted, we are going steady Oskar and that's something I wouldn't give up. If you only knew how much it hurt me to just pack up and walk away from you\", said Eli while she stood up, her cloths covered in blood, the smell was intoxicating but she knew that with him her will and ability to control herself was to strong. Oskar step over onto the ledge and out of the pool with Eli's help, there was one kid left on the bench wearing a yellow winter coat. He was untouched and remained there sitting with his head held down and whispering some prayers, she walked over to the bench where he sat while Oskar dried off. Not wanting to open his eyes, he felt her presence near him and kept his head down, Eli whispered into his ear \"Did you see what happen to your friends? That could be your fate unless you do as I say, understood\", said Eli the boy frighten slowly nodded his head in response to her demand \"You will not tell anyone what took place here. Let this serve as a reminder that if you treat anyone like how you treated Oskar that's how you will be punished. If I should find out that you said anything to anyone, I will come for you and now that I have your scent there be no place to hide from me\", said Eli in a low growl showing her teeth. The boy just stood up not even looking at her and walked calmly to the exit. She took the boy's place on the bench and waited for Oskar to take a sit next to her on the bench which he did. \"Oskar, part of me never wanted to leave and still don't but I have to look out for your safety along with my own\", said Eli. Oskar caressed his back hand across her left cheek allowing his fingers to linger for a minute; Eli didn't pull away from his attention but accepted it. \"I don't want you to leave me again. You being here has changed me in a great way and the more time we spend together my feelings for you have grown. When I asked you awhile back about going steady, I meant what I said back then\", said Oskar. Eli felt awkward and couldn't look at him directly in the eyes \"To tell you the truth I didn't know what going steady actually meant, no one asked me that before and since you are my first and only, I was surprised Oskar. My answer to your question was real, I meant every word of it; I do wish to continue to be your girlfriend even though everything tells me that I shouldn't\", said Eli \"Why?\",asked Oskar, she looked at him, his right hand was still on her cheek. Eli began to purr a little at his touch \"With you Oskar I feel human rather then a monster they have in horror movies. You know what I am and yet you're not afraid, showing me a kind of friendship and love that I haven't felt for a long time. I tried to stay away from you Oskar and the kindness towards me has open my heart which I had though was gone forever. There a place in my heart that you occupy and no one else, that is how I feel but if you don't feel the same I can leave and not come back\", said Eli surrendering to his touch \"Then we should leave , there nothing for me here if you're not by my side\", said Oskar. Hearing him say that brought a smile to her face Eli lean forward her forehead touching Oskar's, his words sent waves of calmness that washed away any doubt that still lingered in her head. \"Oskar , I know how you feel towards me but before we do anything I want to know if this is something you really want because theirs no going back\", whispered Eli \"I want this as much as I want you Eli\", said Oskar. Eli Stood up took a hold of Oskar by his hand and led him out of the gym, \"Were We heading Eli?\", said Oskar \"We need to get your stuff together if we want to leave unnoticed by anyone. This place will be crawling with police, You Oskar are my life now and always will be and am somewhat eager to start a new life with you by my side \", said Eli pulling Oskar behind her as they both left the gym and the bloody scene behind. \"Where can we get cloths and lugged, I wont be able to get my stuff from my house with my mom around she'll be suspicious \", said Oskar \" I'll take you there so you can pack but if your mother decides to come in and tries to alert the police I will be force to take action, I will not lose you that easily. Understand! \", said Eli in a brute tone as she took him by waist and carried him to the apartment, within minutes they had arrived \"How am I going to get in without causing a scene?\", said Oskar \"You have no faith in your girlfriend do you? Have you forgotten what I am and what I can do? I'm going to climb this wall while carrying you up to your room so you can get your things. Pack what you can, anything else we can buy later \", said Eli then she added \" This is may be the part you want to close your eye's Oskar or you might get sick \", whispered Eli with a smile. Oskar secured himself on her back arms tightly around her \"You ready?\",said Eli \"Yes\" said Oskar and with that Eli run to the wall with great speed and began to crawl up the wall with ease, one hand after the other she moved at a quick pace never faltering the firm grip she had on the wall of the apartment, Eli could feel the brick start to crumble under her grip from the pressure and strength she had to hold herself and Oskar up the wall to his bedroom window. \"Here we are Oskar, now be quick\", said Eli Oskar opened his eye and was in his room , Eli on the other hand was sitting crouch on the window seal waiting patiently for him, Oskar grab what he could and what he thought were the essentials like pairs of cloths including underwear, blanket, pocket knife, duffel bag, and some matches. \"I think that pretty much covers it all\", said Oskar \"Are you sure? I wouldnt want for you to leave anything behind that may be important\", said Eli \"Oh, which reminds me I can't forget this\", said Oskar as he went to his cloths draw and took out a note with writting on it\"What's that Oskar?\", asked Eli curious about the piece of paper that Oskar now held in his hand. \"You don't remember this Eli?well I do this happens to be the first note you wrote me after we started going steady and this is a very important keepsake. One that I will treasure forever \".said Oskar \"You are one of a kind Oskar but I'm glad your mine and know one else's \", said Eli. With that she made sure Oskar was secure before leaping out of the window, landing with a soft Thud. Now back on the train she laid in a box cloaked in darkness her only amusement was when Oskar played the game Morse code that he came up with , a way for them to communicate to eachother without anyone knowing. Though she knew what she was doing and the dangers that lay ahead of them, Eli was still unsure if Oskar had made the right choice to leave with her. He gave up everything to be with her and yet she had nothing in comparison, no family, no one who'd miss her and do anything to search for her no matter what but Oskar would and it made her feel sad but for the wrong reasons. \"I love you\", said Oskar through Morse code and Eli responseded back with \"I love you aswell\". The gym was swarming with police and a crowd of people along with the parents of the kids who were murder, There was the gym teacher being asked questions about the night before , \"I was in the middle of a water arobics class when the attendant told me there was a fire so I had left to investigate\", said the teacher \"Can you tell us who was taking the class at this time\", said the officer \" Ummm.... I believe his name was Oskar\", said the gym teacher while the officer wrote down the name in a notepad. \"Please tell us what going on here\", yelled a person in the crowd. A heavily covered man manuvered his way through the crowd towards the yellow tape and was allowed to pass, He wore an old french victorian soldier coat that had some alterations made, the collar had a few buckles and was made to cover his face up to the nose, its tail was extend acouple of inches and it was alittle baggy for room to hide anything that was small. The design was not of the traditional style due to the fact the coat was made from leather and with matching shoes and gloves, the sun was out that day in mid morning. \"Hey, why is does he get to go through? We like to know whats going on\" the officer looked at the female then at the him leaning forward to listen \" Ti ku taaka hidu\", said the cloaked man the officer's eyes widen then turned towards the crowd \"There was an evil act commited here and we are trying to determine if there maybe a link between the killings we had these past couple of days. Please go so we may do are job\" said the officer. The crowd still made no attemp to move so the cloaked figured turned to face the crowd then spoken \" Neshadi Kua do nit aoa nune kotoa\", said in a hypnotic voice, one by one they began to turn around and leave without saying a word... A/N This was my First Story that I've written and would like to here what \" You \" the readers think of itso far, Please review. I will try to respond to all those who give me a review but i cant make any promises. Hope you all are eager as am I to put chatper 2 so keep a close eye. Thank you to those who've read my story.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 The crowd began to dissipate slowly but soon every one had left the premises, He followed closes behind the officer that lead him through the men's lockers and out towards the pool, where three other officers were waiting and taking notes of the scene. \"What is he doing here? Nobody is allowed back here, we haven't processed the scene yet?. If word spreads out that there this maybe another murder connected to the others, then will have panic\", said an officer. \"That Why Vral been assigned to the case from the beginning, as you all know the suspect which was apprehend for the murders had disfigured face. After five hours of him being committed to the hospital he was killed\" Stepping forward from behind the officer Vral took his position \"Their was no forced entry but the suspect had a distinct mark on his neck which we can only assume meant that someone was there prior before his death\", said Vral. \"What are you doing here were capable of handling this case on our own, we don't need any outside help. Plus you'll just get in the way\", said an officer bagging an arm for evidence. Vral scanned the entire gym with his eye's panning everything over; there were three or four different blood splatters on the floor and the walls. \"Me being here is to ensure that this criminal is put away before any one else is hurt. I have orders to assemble a task force dedicated to doing just that, you all here will be in consideration for the job only if you feel strongly about bringing this person in to pay for their crimes\", said Vral. All the officers continued with there gathering of evidence \"Before coming in Vral had ask if he could have a moment alone with the crime scene to look things over, in case there something that was over looked\" \"Over looked, what does he expect to find that we were not able to?\" All the officers stared at each other frustrated knowing theirs more too this, Vral had to have some Information or known what he was looking for. All complied with the request, following in suite out of the gym \"It's all yours. Let me know when your done so we can finish processing the scene\" The officer said before stepping out. Vral waited till there was no one within eye sight, then stood silently and listened for unwanted spectators. Once the close was clear he took a deep breathe of the air surrounding him taking it all in and closing his eyes at the exact time. Images and glimpses all alike of this area by the pool flashed through his head in fragments at first, only to become a movie that you watched in reverse. What he was doing was taught to him by a person far beyond years. Memories of that day came flooding back to him over powering the glimpse he was able to obtain through merely just a scent \"Vral don't try to force it or it wont work. You have to practice it many times before it becomes like second nature and you can do it without thinking. Imprinting though can be dangerous in itself\" said a middle age man \"Why could that be dangerous\", said a young Vral. \"Because the amount of information you get through imprinting is too much, you also must know how to interpret these images and how to control them and not the other way around. That is why there are only a few who can imprint. Others have tried without proper training and have gone mad or died from it\" said the middle age man. \"Once I'm able to imprint will I be able to see everything about that person or thing that I am tracking\", said Vral \"No. only what they've done in that immediate area but you can slow, stop, rewind and even see it from a different angle\" the man said with a grin \"Nice. Hurry up master I want to learn this quick\", said Vral eager to learn. \"Wasn't it just a couple days ago you said that this was boring. What made you change your mind?\" \"The things you mentioned I could do with imprinting\", said Vral. Back to the present , Vral allowed the images to flow through his head, it wasn't long till he saw the three kids walk in from the locker room to join the one who was already there taking over the routine that the instructor was doing before leaving to deal with a fire outside the gym. The oldest one or teen by Vral guess had taken out a butterfly knife and approached the pools edge, he was talking to some one in the pool so Vral stop the image and played it from a different angle, from the center of the pool and allowed it to play again but still to no vale he couldn't see who the teen was talking to. It didn't dawn on him till later that the pool its self could damp a person scent if they were in it due to the chemicals in the pool. It was quick and he almost missed it, something unforeseen attacked the boys from their right, ripping apart limbs like it were made from clay. Whoever this attacker was seemed to be protecting the person who might have been in the pool. There was one only explanation why he was unable to see the attacker and that meant it had to be a vampire, slowly opening his eye and back to the bloody seen, being able to have this much self control over his body and hunger took a lot from him. \"You left a big trail of bread crumbs for me to follow, Vilpari. Follow you I will, because of your action here and the unwanted attention which has surrounded you after your first kill here that has put us all in the spotlight of the humans\", said Vral to himself. The looming hunger he had began to grow within the passing minutes and was becoming too much for him to bear, the officer did say to tell them when he was done with his own walk through of the scene. Vral walked around the pool and headed towards the lockers before entering he said \"Dua nita iula \"then waited for a moment at the entrance, like clock work the three officers including the one that led him to the scene entered the locker locking the entrance behind them and Vral closed the door behind him locking it so no one could open it, turning his attention towards them he smiled , Lunch was the only thing on his mind. A/N Ok everyone Another chapter Down And a new character brought it to the mix, What are his motives in all this?... remember Please R&R; Oh before I forget please let me know what you Think Of Vral The New Vampire. Your comments are always welcome[Chapter 3] Chaptern3 Vral stood in thenlocker with the four police officers; the last one who entered hadnclosed and locked the door behind him. His hunger was steadilynincreasing with each passing second, the need to feed have never beennthis evident in him and has slowly begun to crept up from his stomachntowards his brain. Their was something he remember his master sayingnto him ( Flashback) \"Vralnthere is something that you will need to know\", \"What is thatnLucion?\",said Vral \"It has to do with our kind insidious need tonfeed. Some thought it could never be controlled but that's werenthere wrong, only for a discipline few have discovered a way tonconquer it with it consuming them\", said Lucion in a raspy voice.nVral looked a t Lucion \"How can that be possible? Even you yourselfnsaid in the earlier teaching it cant be controlled because it isnapart of our nature\", said Vral \"That's were I was wrong, Indidn't want to reveal that piece of vital information until I knewnyou were ready\", said Lucion \"Is it evennpossible for me to achieve that?\", said Vral \"My dear pupil I'venseen you grow in many ways since I first chance encounter. Many ofnvampires allowed the thirst to become their whole existence leavingnthe human side behind. Just like imprinting Vral I will teach you hownto develop a strong will power that will allow you to overcome thenthirst at any time but it will take practice and hard work to reachnthat level\", said Lucion. \"Yes master. May I ask you somethingnMaster\", asked Vral \"You may\", said Lucion \"Why have you beennteaching me all this\", said Vral \"I'm teaching you all thisnbecause it will save your life\", said Lucion he paused for a momentnbefore continuing. \"I cant reveal that information to you just yet.nDo keep in mind that I'm doing this for the greater good and whennthe day comes that I can no longer be here it will be up to you tonwatch over them for years to come\", said Lucion ( Flashback). Henstared down all four police officers, it be that easy for him tonslaughter them all draining them dry quenching his hunger \"Wasnthere something you needed Vral\", said an officer \"No not at all.nDidn't find anything new with my walk through but I was examining ancouple blood splatters. If you come up with any new leads or anprofile on what did this\", said Vral \"Nothing yet but we hope tonhave something from the evidence that we gathered today\" \"Let menknow, I like to be the first one you contact if something new comesnup no matter what it may be. I have to go there's another leadnthat I need to go check on\", said Vral heading for the door openingnit and leaving them behind in the gym locker-room. It took a lot ofnself-control to keep himself from giving into his hunger and justnrunning back into the locker room to feed on the fellow officers. Allnfour looked down on the floor their was a card placed on the benchnwith a number to contact Vral, what he didn't tell them about hisnother lead was that he got it from imprinting of the murder scene. Henwas able to determine that there was another boy who was present onnthe scene had witness it but some how was allowed to live while thenothers were slaughter like pigs. This child who he saw during nimprinting would be the next person to visit and get some newninformation on this murder or the one who did it but he had alreadyndiscover that answer from the imprinting. As he went outside Vral wasndigging through his coat pockets looking for a syringe that contain ancrimson liquid, walking further out Vral surveyed the entire blocknfor any who might notice him. He quickly took the syringe out andninjected himself in the neck, then discarding the syringe afterwards. Oskar tapped on thenbox, sounds of movement from within the box could be heard while henwaited patiently next to the bed for Eli to emerge out from the boxnthat he carried her in. Rubbing her eyes from the sleep she justnawoken up from \"Hi Oskar, where are we ?\", asked Eli \"Were innStockholm staying in a hotel but not for long this is just a pit stopn until we can find our next heading\", said Oskar setting his bagndown on the bed \" Cant you give yourself a rest from all thisnthinking that you do. I like to spend our first of many days togethernwithout any worries of any kind\", said Eli standing next to Oskarnslowly cuddling his left shoulder she seem so content from what Oskarnsaw. Eli was vibrating against Oskar the whole time she held himnclose to her. He looked down at her knowing that she was overjoyed nEli was purring \"Why do you do that Eli?\",said Oskar she stopped nlooking up towards him \"What do you mean?\",said Eli \"Yournpurring like a cat. You did it in the gym and just now, so amnwondering the reason behind it that's all\", said Oskar \"Don'tnknow really? It never happened before and only when am with you itnseems\", says Eli with a smile \"Interesting. Hope its only fornme\", said Oskar \" If you want me\", said Eli just enjoying thenmoment. \"Maybe not all thentime but I cant control how you feel\", said Oskar , Eli looked naround surveying the room . Oskar had covered everything in cardboardnand taped up with a black plastic bag so that no light may enternthrough any crevice that would allow light to enter from the outside.nShe took a step away from him spun around slowly only to stop innfront of him \" I want to ask you something about the Old man thatnlived with you\", said Oskar \"You mean Hakan?\", said Elin\"Yes…him. Did he do anything to you that was not appropriate\",nsaid Oskar \"No he was only allowed to touch me after I ate ornwhen I said it was ok for him to but nothing got out of hand\", saidnEli \"It was wrong for him to do it\", said Oskar \"Would younrather it be you then instead of him that was allowed to touch me\",nsaid Eli in a teasing tone. Oskar almost choked on his saliva rightnthen an there \"Umm..mmm. I guess it should only be me since we arengoing steady right. Isn't that what people do when they gonsteady?\", said Oskar. Eli slowly approached Oskar \"I don'tnknow. You're the only person that I have actually gone steady withnso this is all new to me. I'm not sure what to do or not do\",nsaid Eli Oskar was nervousnand it showed on his face, he couldn't find the wards to form ansentence after hearing what Eli had said. \" I was just saying itnEli, we don't have to do anything am content with just being herenwith you\", said Oskar \"Its ok I wasn't opposed to yournstatement but your right about us going steady. There shouldn't benany limit for what we do for each other and I only want to make younhappy. If that's what you want I will do it for you if you want mentoo\", said Eli \"I do\", said Oskar he didn't know what camenover him before he could even think the words just came out. Elinapproached the bed, crawled up and onto the mattress closing thendistance so she was facing him. \"Were going to have to change hownyou get blood from now on Eli because people will catch on to thenbodies of missing people and will have to keep moving. The policenwill be after you since you killed those boys and they'll assumenthat you kidnapped me\", said Oskar quickly Eli growled in responsento what he said \"Have them come after us and try to take you awaynfrom me. They will see that coming after you will be the worsenmistake they've made in their lives\", said Eli still growlingnafter she spoke, the thought of someone trying to take him away fromnher pissed her off. \"That won't happen. Its very important thatnwe change your eating habits\", said Oskar \"How do we accomplishnthat?\", said Eli \"I Know you need blood to survive but what needsnto change is how we get it and the source of where we can get it\",nsaid Oskar \"Its odd how younthink Oskar. Do you ever give yourself a rest and enjoy life for whatnit is\", said Eli pouting her lips \"I want to but can't seem tonstop thinking, my nerves have gotten me on overdrive from worryingnabout our future and what we plan to do next\", said Oskar. Elinscooted closer to Oskar \"I think there's a way I know of to calmnyou down\", said Eli \"How\", asked Oskar, she leaned forward intonhim pressing her lips against his in their first passionate kiss. Hisnmind came to a brut stop and all the things he was thinking of justnvanished into thin air, only thing that had his attention was Elinkissing him. Oskar did one thing he could only do and that was tonjust give in to the kiss and respond with just much passion but wasncautious because this above all was new territory for him. Eli on thenother hand just surrenders herself to the kiss and allowed to meltnaway anything that had been dwelling in her. Eli pulled back a littlenbreaking the kiss \"Does this help Oskar?\", said Eli \"Yes. Inwould be lying if I said no. I rather not think of anything and justnresume what we were doing\", said Oskar. Eli moved her headnin for another kiss but at the exact same time took a hold of Oskar'snleft hand guiding it down the curves of her body \" I'm glad thatnyour mine Oskar. I have been alone for many years of my life and thatnvoid of not having someone to enjoy the simplest things can be hard.nNow that I have you I have this joy and happiness which I cantnexplain but don't want it to go away\", whispered Eli into Oskar'snear \"I feel the same\", said Oskar. She had stopped his hand aboventhe band of her pajama pants then slowly inched his fingers one bynone underneath the waistband \"Eli am not sure this is a good idea\",nsaid Oskar \"Were you not just saying moments ago that there arencertain things your entitled to since we've been going steady fornweeks\", said Eli. Oskar nodded \"Well that's what am doing, younwere angry that Hakkan was able to touch me so now am reassuring younthat you will be the only one who has the right to. I don't wantnyou to be angry at me\", said Eli awaiting his response when hendidn't give one she continued to inch his fingers down her waistnunderneath her pants until his hand was touching her bare skin.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 \" This had to be contained; the boy who witnesses it can cause serious problems if he decides to tell the other officers. I don't want t kill him if I comes to that but I need to think of something but I would have to taste his blood in order to see what he saw\" Vrael thought to himself and if he did that it would be the first, in 300 years that he has even tasted human blood since he was with Lucion. He'll pulled out a crimson liquid which wasn't human but contained vampire blood, odd yes but his teaching from Lucion taught him that he would indeed need to feed on blood it didn't really matter who it belong to as long it was not human blood. While with Lucion told him that there kind has been deemed as monster by society and they were right for some. ( Flash Back) \"AGGGGGHHHHHH! I can't take it anymore Lucion I feel like my insides are being torn apart. Please master help ease the pain\" said Vrael, Lucion stood on a ledge looking down on Vrael who was locked in a cage \"Your will has to be strong Vrael, the mind controls the body not the other way around. I have brought something that might ease the pain a little but you will need to concentrate and focus\" said Lucion pulling a lever that unhooked a latch. There came demonic growls from the door that opens from the inside of the cage, instantly something lunged directly at Vrael tackling into the opposite wall. He punched it in the gut and moved away from it to see what it was, crimson eye stared back him \"What is the meaning of this Lucion? Do you expect me to feed on the blood of another vampire?\" said Vrael. Lucion inclined \"exactly what I expect you to do? You have forgotten that before your transformation that you were human. It is because of that which I have been putting you through all these trials in order to save your own humanity before you become like it. That will be the only thing to separate you from them\" said Lucion pointing to the ravenous creature standing in front of Vrael. \"You want me to kill him?\" \"Yes or be killed, the thing you see before you has been starved for weeks, so you should really get on with it\", said Lucion. It crouches for a moment sizing Vrael fully before preparing its next attack from where it was in the cage, then like before it launched itself towards Vrael; he moved to the left and punched the vampire in the back of the head as it passes him. Knocking it out for a minute giving Vrael the moment he needed to feed, Looking back at Lucion the look of sadness and guilt evident in his face, Lucion nodded the Vrael turned back to the vampire and like instinct he fed on the poor thing as it screeched in pain. The blood gushed into his mouth and the need to feed consumed his entire body not allowing him to relinquish his death grip on the vampire's neck. It tried to struggle and get free but Vrael wouldn't let go and fidgeting around was becoming annoying so Vrael Snapped it neck like a twig. Lucion only looked on deep on thought \" Maybe there is hope for him after all. He'll still need more training in order to be ready for when they come\" Vrael was hunch over the body and shaking it violently as he drained every last drop of blood contained in the body. The hotel room was quite and frigid the heater wasn't turned on last night, Eli had fallen asleep in Oskar's arm entangled in blankets that were wrapped around them both. Oskar had been very curious about her past and kept prying at her to reveal any details to where she was from but Eli only told him that it wasn't important. What concerned Eli was that now they would have the police after them trying to get anything from the gym that can be linked to her or Oskar. Brushing her hair like a comb seemed to put her at ease again causing her to purr like a cat next to Oskar chest \"Are you not sleeping?\" asked Eli, while she opened her eyes halfway \"Can't sleep. Everything that has happen so far is overwhelming and I can't seem to fall asleep, so I been awake this whole time\" said Oskar \"You need to sleep I don't care what is on your mind. Not sleeping will do you no good and you won't be able to function properly, that's something I don't want. I am going to keep watch while you sleep ok?\" said Eli , who then shifted so she was on her side cuddling up on Oskar right leg while he wrap his arm around her and began kneading the small of her back. \"Th…\" Eli cut him off \"I know there is a fresh supply of blood in the fridge, don't worry I will be ok Oskar\" said Eli. Vrael stood for a second allowing the blood to fulfill his hunger in order for him to be able to talk with the boy without attacking him. \" Now off to find the boy and get some real answers\" he took off like a speeding bullet, the child's scent within his head guiding him through the city going through changes leading him to the boys house like a guided missile with one destination. As he ran the world around him was a blur, shadows of people he passed by, the speed in with he traveled went unnoticed by the naked eye but he pass a speed gun of a cop on duty and the monitor read as N/A , the cop took it as an error or malfunction. \" There was another scent faint but familiar. If it happens to be a vampire I will have no choice but to kill it. I must uphold Lucian's will. My actions will depend on how willing the boy is to give me details about what really happened in the gym, let's hope he makes the right decision. Lucion you were right because of you I was able to save my humanity and control this hunger that has doom so many others like him\" Vrael came to a complete stop in front of a white two story house, a shadow was seen in the second floor behind the closed window. Taking a sniff of the air to be assure that this was the place \" This is it, hopefully he is alone I don't really have time to deal with his parents and resort to other measures\" He walks up to the door breaks the handle and lock before entering the house hold, using his speed to comb through the entire first floor \"All clear no sign of his parents but I will need to move fast people will notice that I broke in and that will mean the police will be called\" with that he went upstairs. There wasn't any reason to be quite, opening the second door before the bathroom. Eric was going through his drawers pulling out random cloths then stuffing them into a gym bag \"Going somewhere\" said Vrael the boy jumped startled and frighten \"Who the hell are you and how did you get in?\" said Eric \"I'm with the police department, I came here to ask you some question about what had happen at the gym. I noticed that the door was open so I came in expecting the worst\" \"What happened at the gym?\" said Eric \"I don't know but was hoping you can tell me since evidence we gathered puts you there\" the first part of what Vrael said was a lie he did know what happen \"How?\"said Eric worried and scared because he needed not to say anything or she'll come for him \" I'm an officer we have technology for that. It seems like you were in a hurry to leave. Did something scare you?\" said Vrael. Eric shook his no but that was a lie \"We have reason to believe that an individual responsible for what took place at the gym is sick and might come after you\" said Vrael. Eric looked worse than before after he told him he could be next \" This is going nowhere and this child is testing my patience. So much for not using extreme measures\" Vrael moved quickly behind him place a hand on Eric's forehead before he could react. Within a second Eric was in a trance \"I'm sorry but I don't have time to beat around the bush and time is of the essence. I will need to take a sample of blood from you in order to figure out who actual did this. So please if you would stick out your arm\" said Vrael in a hypnotic voice, Eric complied by lifting his right arm while Vrael took out a leech and placed it on the arm. \"After I leave you will have no memory of me ever being here. I thank you for your corporation in my investigation it does me a lot and don't worry I'll make sure that whoever has done this will be punish\" said Vrael. The leech was already getting plump so he took it off his arm and left leaving no trace that he was even there, Eric snapped back from the trance looking around \"How did I end up in my room?\" said Eric confused. Vrael ended up 15 blocks away from Eric's house, took the leech out and cut it in half, like tooth paste he worked the blood out from the cut into his open mouth closing his eyes. The same scene played in his head but now the missing piece was finally put in place, the she was standing before the boy raven black hair, bags under her eye's \" It all makes sense now you were protecting the boy little one but doing so you brought the spotlight on yourself and him. I will find you with every little bread crumb that you leave behind and don't notice. You can't escape your punishment for the murders you have committed here\" Vrael threw the two halves of the leech away and wipe any remains of blood with his right sleeve, he vomited the human boys blood back up, it was so o painful his body didn't want to give it up but he had to force himself to do it. A little exerted and now hungry.\" Time for me to feed, Never again will I do that!. It only seemed to drive the hunger more into overdrive, luckily for my training and will power I'm I able to withstand it for all these years without killing a human to feed\" A/n : Hello all yes I'm back and will be updating this fan fiction with a little help. What do you guys think Vrael should do?, in the next few chapters more of Vrael's past will be reveal but the real question is who is Vrael and what is his purpose. Is he good or bad? .[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 Eli awoken to her stomach aching for food, it has been awhile she thought to herself. Looking towards Oskar who was well asleep and it be rude of her to disturb him while he slept. Stepping out of bed feet touching the matted carpet of the hotel room that Oskar paid for, Eli's mind began to wonder on her need for food and where to get it and instantly her thoughts focused on Oskar who was sound asleep. At that moment Eli's body went into auto pilot every action she made wasn't her own doing, her body was now acting on instinct when on the hunt No I need to get away from him now, Eli tried with all her will power to move her limb on her accord but they wouldn't budge. She was at war with her own body, this had never happen to her before and when she needed to feed she was in full control. Eli crept closer to the bed and hunched her body forward so that her head was half an arm length away from Oskar. Taking in a deep breath he body allowed his scent to electrify all her senses. The crimson nectar that provided her with life was only a few inches away from her and her body couldn't take it much longer the impending need to feed become more of an influence that she could not ignore. Eli stepped onto the bed; it moved for brief moment still not enough to wake him up, the switch in her head was turned off and was focused on the blood lying before her. \"I need to stop this I cant let my instinct take over then Oskar will be in danger, I wont be able to live a life without him\", said Eli but it would be hard to make that statement stand true since the bloodlust was building in her after they left and not being able to feed correctly. The intensity of it swept through her, Eli had to physically make mental notes to keep her from drifting off to nature and each time was harder then the next. Her body slowly crept its way onto the bed until she was lurched over him scanning him with her eyes taking him all in and allowing her senses to guide her for the kill. Eli drew her head closer to Oskar's neck sniffing it; his scent sent her body into overdrive. Oskar slowly turned to the other side of the bed He mumbled something in his sleep state that cause Eli to stop in her tracks as her mouth was half open and only inches from his neck. Her will to fight this bloodlust came back in full force and renewed her body all with the sound of Oskar's voice, jumping off the bed landing on her feet like a cat \"You saved me from making the biggest mistake of my life Oskar. As I told you before you are everything to me and will always have my heart. It pains me to leave you for this short bit but I must go and feed and sate this monster within me or I'll injury you\", said Eli whispering it. She walked to the side of the bed where Oskar was now sleeping, caressed her back hand across his cheek and just like that Eli disappeared into the cover of night to feed while Oskar dream of peace untainted by evil. Vrael stood in the woods using his senses to catch his prey for him to eat. There was long silence as the wind blew in caring the scent of a deer that was 400 hundred feet away \"Forgive me master for what I'm going to do but I need blood and I didn't bring vial with me. I have followed the trail and it leads to a young Vampire who was protecting a young boy. I don't know her true intentions but he's from the old ways. She has brought a lot of unwanted attention to us I will have to finish her off before others find out\", said Vrael to himself remembering back in England there was a covenant that was killing on a killing spree and He had to eliminate all of them. The worst thing was to see in their eyes a question he been asking themselves \"Why is he doing this\". Deep down he hated what he was and what he would become and it was for that reason he hunted all those like him regardless of if there were bad or not because it only took a brief second for everything to go wrong. \" Every time I kill one of them I don't feel any closer to being human since after you had been training me. THIS BLOODLUST WILL NEVER GO AWAY . I am doom along with other to forever carry this burden. Never be able to truly love a person without succumbing to this need to feed. Not even the blood of animals can sustain me for long \" Vrael punched the ground with his right hand creating a descent crater as he lifted his hand away. Eli jumped from rooftop to rooftop trying to get away from the city limits in order for her to feed but this time a different choice then before, Now it was herself she was looking out for it was Oskar as well and she were to attract attention then there peace would be ruined and that is something she couldn't let happen. Now that she was outside like a blood hound she allowed herself to be controlled by her own bloodlust, never really giving it full control but enough for her to focus on the scent of blood that was filling her head. A/N So I am sorry to my readers this was a long time overdue but I was busy with school and work. There will be more to come from this story, tell me what you think and what you like to see happen or should I continue with how its going or change it.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 Chance Encounter Eli traveled well out of the city limits to hunt for prey that wouldn't give away her and Oskars presence . In the midst of her hunt she traveled to a nearby forest to avoid any thing that would draw attention, this would be a first for her being use to having to hunt for human blood to survive. Now things are different with Oskar with her she had to be careful about every action she took because any trail could lead the cops to Oskar and try to take him away \"In order for me to keep Oskar safe I will need to change my tactics and eating habits. That all starts with what kind of prey I choose to hunt and from this point on it will have to be animals. Its a drastic change but the source of blood doesn't matter as long as I am feed\". Vrael was on his knee's while a lifeless deer laid next to him, he took out a couple of needles from his coat pocket and began to syphon blood into small vials for him to carry. \" There seems to be a connection with the one I am tracing now. You've told me that their were others that have been here long ago\" Flashback Vrael stood still his cloths were covered in blood that wasn't his own, the crimson haze in transition faded away but left behind. Down by his feet was the vampire that his master gave him to sate his hunger that was at a moment tearing him apart from the inside out. His master overlooking him \"That was just the beginning but you'll need a lot more strength to endure the trails ahead of you. In your journeys you will encounter what we've grown to call the Alduirs, unlike anything in history they are true evil born to what we become while our existence is merrily a commencement. They go unchallenged and it is because of them we must live a life of suffering and torment of not being able to enjoy the simple things that made life worth living\". Vrael looked confused by what his master had said \" You said Alduirs were evil born but don't we fall into that same category because were veered as evil by default?\", said Vrael. \" You and I didn't start our lives as vampires but as mankind natural design. Your life was that of a human Vrael, it wasn't till your town was attacked by a group of Alduirs, leaving you alone without a family. You chose this as an outlet to exact your revenge. That's a human response and anger is an emotion by definition we shouldn't be able to experience because we lose that part of ourselves. The Alduirs don't have that\". Vrael took his masters words then slowly started to formulate a thought \" Its because they have no human origin and born as monsters with no soul\" Flashback . couple of yards away there were voices followed by a scent that was too familiar with him, seems to be coming in this direction must be from my kill the blood is in the air which can mean they'll be drawn to it. I can't use imprinting yet since I am no at full strength and drinking deer blood isn't replenishing my strength like I wanted too. He didn't have enough time to devise a plan since whatever was heading in his direction was like a missile lock onto it's target. They approached from either side trying to cut off his exit so he wouldn't escape, this is a tactical move then some random hunt due to the blood of my kill. In a split second a figured charged at him. Vrael was tackled into a tree while the other came from his right side sending him bouncing of the tree. On his knee's the two circled around him \" Odd isn't it that just as I was in the need to hunt for food God works in mysterious ways\", said Vrael chuckling as he said it. \"Your the one we've heard whispers of ? A vampire that feeds on his own kind to survive? Didn't think we come across you for awhile\", said the female Vamp while looking at her partner. \"What I am failing to understand is that why would someone choose to kill our own kind that just doesn't happen and yet here we are standing before a cannibalistic vampire. You have been drawing attention from within the circles. Now its our job to put you down\", said the male Vampire Vrael got up and the two charged at him again, Eli stood quietly in the forest immersing herself in her senses allowing them to take over so she could hunt but not giving up to much control. Vrael tackled the male vamp into a tree opposite of him while the second came at him swiping at his face with blade like finger nails. He elbowed the first directly in the spine, the force of the blow cause crunching noise to emerge from within the body as the male vamp howled in pain. Vrael shoved him away from him as he now must focus his attention to the female. \" I remember you saying something about putting me down. Doesn't seem you two are capable of completing the task but it was a valiant effort\", said Vrael. The female right hooked for him while he did a dodge roll underneath ending up behind her. She took a double take behind her to see where he went but couldn't find him or her partner anywhere, silence is what she heard for the brief moments but now she had to focus on her sense of smell and hearing simultaneously allow to become aware of her surroundings and pin point Vrael's location though she was eager to accept this task doesn't mean she is inexperience and that's something he'll find out. Like a cement bricks crashing to the ground , Vrael speared her partner into the ground from the tree. Blood ran down his lips and his throat, she growled intently at him as he slowly stood up unawared that she had a dagger dip in dead mans blood in a leather sheath in her back pocket at the ready. I didn't have time to even attempt to counter attack him and yet he feed on my partner . my only chance is to get him with the dagger or I am done with. reaching for the dagger and her one last chance to end this. A noise back from her left and both looked in the direction, Eli came out on all four while the female was surprised and reacted by withdrawing the dagger and aiming for Eli's head but Eli did a back flip kicking her in the head and hurtling herself into the air on the vamps shoulders, with seamless movement Eli spun off her while her feet held the vamp at the neck popping the head off like Lego toy. She landed a few feet away from Vrael , the body went limp as Eli turned her attention towards Vrael her body crouch read to attack him if he makes a sudden movement her body was still in hunt mode since she left Oskar in the hotel. \"What are you doing here?\" asked Eli baring her teeth. \"Following your trail of bread crumbs\", said Vrael A/N Sorry that I havent updated with a chapter in awhile just been busy with family and school and when you add work into the mix things can get hetic. I will be updating as soon as I can I already have 2 chapters lined up[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 Hidden truths Oskar woke up instantly from his sleep surveying the room looking for any signs of Eli's pressence, the blinds were still held shut which would mean that she was still here so reaching to his side to where Eli would be there was nothing but an empty bed with a imprint of were a body once was. His mind had been full of thoughts of Eli and he half expected her to be next to him since the best part he did enjoy being with her was waking up next to her each and every day. Out of the emptiness, a familiar touch reassured him that he was not alone \"Eli\", he said softly \"I was out feeding Oskar just a few moments ago I just got back. While I was out I've been thinking that you have your life to live Oskar and I shouldn't take that from you\", said Eli. \"Didn't we go over this already Eli? My life is with you regardless of what you may think and I know what thoughts you are thinking you do not really believe. To you it may seem short but for me it is a lifetime\", said Oskar. His words didn't seem to make her happy, there will be forces that will try to tear them apart and what this man Vrael said to her held any truth to it then Oskar would be in danger and she would have to become stronger for Oskar. (Flash back) Eli stood across from Vrael as the female vamp she killed layed behined her, every fiber in her body said to attack this man \"Kota du venikato. You reek of the scent of the boy your traveling with little one. I would say thank you but I could have handled my own affairs. You left quite a mess in a gym a few towns back, you did not happen to do that for the boy now did you?\" said Vrael. Eli remembered the gym but chose not to responsed \"I see. It makes sense now that all the pieces are together but I went to a great deal of covering it up for you\", said Vrael taking out a zippo lighter from his inside pocket igniting it then tossing it at the male vampire that was at his feet. The flames engulfed the lifeless corpes within minutes illuminiating Vrael's eyes \"Why have you been following me ?\",said Eli \" I was following you so that I can kill you and seeing what you did just a few moments ago ha change my mind breifly. As you can tell from those to that your not the only vampire in the world little one. The sad part is that we outnumber the human 50:1 , these two belong to a powerful Coven that has been trying to kill me since I don't follow the same rules as they do\", said Vrael with a smile. Eli crossed her arms \"Which are?\", she asked \" Don't cause a ruckus and reveal ourselves to people and important one don't kill vampires. For me the only blood that spilled is those of vampires that I feed on. One thing about are kind is that they have lost the one thing which allows them to connect with there humanity little one. Only to give in to their own bloodlust and becoming the monster that people are frighten of. I am able to retain that part of my humanity\", said Vrael \"You speak of humnity as though you are human but were not just empty shells of a life that long sice passed. If there was a way to obtain that I would cold heartly grab the opprotunity. If you still contenplate killing me then we will be enemies\", said Eli \"I am pass that little one but I see that the topic has peeked your interest a great deal, to a regular person you seem normal and nothing out of the ordinary but your not and yet your appereance is human. The emotions connected to you are human and not something of a monster, your willing to protect a boy that would have been killed by your bloodlust and yet you didn't. Would you say the emotions your feeling toward the boy to be human or that of a monster\", said Vrael. Eli tried very hard to ignore his words but each one was a grain of truth. She loved Oskar and would allow no harm to come to him, \"I don't know who you are and what your trick is but I must keep him safe\", said Eli and with speed. matching lighting she charged at Vrael who nimbly move away from her as Eli dealt a blow to a tree that was ment for him. The tree cracked from the trunk down to the roots of the tree, Vrael smiled \"You have intent to cause me harm good but you should not focus it on me but those who will come for you\", said Vrael \"You said that you were going to kill me\", said Eli . She did leg sweep kicking Vraels legs from underneath him then lunging forward with her left hand grabbing him by the neck as she landed on top of him. \"It seems that your actions speak louder then I am going to talk. The female vampire that you killed is mentally linked to her master that turned her and him as well with that being said. Her last images were of you and he'll be able to see that and come after you. I can see that your fighting the hunger\", said Vrael \" I don't care if they come for me then I will kill them and protect him even if it means I have to die doing so. I'll learn to control this hunger I won't let it control me\", said Eli Vrael eye's began to glow, \"There is hope for you. For your hunger there is an alternative then the usual human blood. When you drink human blood your carnal instincts take over and it becomes more like a drug and your need to feed will become more frequent. Animal blood works but you'll be weaker so theirs only one option left\", said Vrael and with a blink of an eye he was gone and all that remained was the lifeless female vamp that she killed. ( Flashback ) \"Remember what you said for me to find an alternitive to feeding and I did. It's not human by your standards. I am going to harvest the blood from the body myself I don't want you to get near it. As much as I like you to do this part for me its just too dangerious and you need my proction\", said Eli. Oskar wekly smiled at Eli conveying her words She only saw me as fragile like baby always need her protection \"I cant always rely on you Eli to be there to protect me and so I'll have to defend myself from all kinds of things I wont get bulled again. I want to protect you\", said Oskar looking at her while she faced away from him, Eli chuckled \"Your admirable , my knight in shinning armor my love but what I fear will be coming its more than you be able to handel. I do like your unyeilding perseverience though just don't push your luck or I'll be forced to pin you\", said Eli deeping her tone on the last few words. Her mind wondered to Oskar's statement since she did want him to be able to protect himself but what happened earlier with Vrael was just the beginning. He had her question herself but she new the answer though that memory was locked away for many years. It was hard to think about her life before this and yet from what Vrael said she had a soul that was saving unlike those who have succumb to their hunger. Oskar had asked her frequently about her past and though she wished to answer, she just could not and the parts or fragments she did remember could Eli really do that to Oskar put more stress on there relationship and would endanger his life even more. Eli would now have to be on alert from an unknown threat and whatever is coming there way they will have to deal with her first before they can get to Oskar. \" I know you want to protect me but your mind should be on how your going to treat your girlfriend since we made it official a month ago. You did only take me out just once and I do expect more\", said Eli with a smile when she turned to face him, Oskar got flusttered has it really been a month already, I need to do something special. Eli set her attention on the body she brought back with her and now she had to be quick since she did kill her a couple of minutes ago, her nails extended like talons and she hook them into the body like a meat hook and proceeded towards the bathroom while Oskar sat there on the bed Vrael entered a town a few miles away from where he ran into Eli; there was a run down home that he had a street kid keep. Just as he order the child was still there at his post , walking up Vrael pulled a bag with cash an coins \" I kept everyone away from it Vrael\", said the little boy \"You did good, as promised your reward. Use this to help your family because if I find out that you did something else with it. You will know what will happen to you\", said Vrael as he patted the boy on the head and watch him leave as he went home. He entered the house, inside there was a bed where he slept , a chest that contained valuables from his past and a shower but that is all he needed. Vrael had drunk enough blood to sustain him for weeks. Eli chucked the dead vampire into the tub. She felt the hunger nawing at her seeking sustance from a red liquid running through its veins. It took a lot of self-control not to just dive in and forget everything but the thought of Oskar outside on the bed gave her the strength to control it until she was ready. Eli Inched closer until she could not take it anymore and like a cobra struck. She devoured the blood as it flowed into her mouth, drinking it as though it was water. Some leaked at the crevice of her mouth an ran down her chin. Her hunger slowly faded away and her body was on autopilot. Eli was a great white shark thrashing her head from side to side trying to get more blood then the body already had. Pulling away from it She felt not like herself, Eli could feel the blood slowly begin to pump in her veins, the feeling she got was totally different than that of human blood she drink. In London under the protection of night a local Tavern Bloodheart was getting an usual increase of business and its not for there beer. There was a secrete backroom where there was about 10 – 15 Vampires feeding on wanderers, Daniel sat at the center table observing the guest as he sip blood froma whine glass[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 Eli awoke in the bathroom tub, blood soaked cloths along with it all over the rim of the tub itself. Things were alittle fuzzy, like she had been drinking ale or a cold but these effects shouldn't be happening because o her curent state. She looked at her feet and their was a body of a vampire, recalling events from what happen that night. Running her hand up and don her body checking for anything in pecular that would give an indeication as to her whereabouts. All I have is a lifeless body and blood along with a numbing headach. There are some fragments, I do remember another vampire was present due to the scent with the body, his stench lingers in my nose She wrinkled her nose a few times, Eli attempted to stand but her legs felt weak and her body felt like it would give way any moment but she slowly began to stand adjusting herself accordantly. Oskar was in the room still on the bed waiting patiently for Eli to emerge from the bathroom. He laid on a make shift bed, Vrael's thoughts drifted back to his time with Lucion during the completion of his training. Back then, he did not fully understand his purpose and as a result, his being with Lucion until light was shed on the subject. *Flash back* Vrael sat in an oval office where Lucion stood with his back to him, scrolls on tables and two shelfs that contained Lucion's private library of literary books he was fond of during the ages. \" It seems were drawing near the end of your training and soon there will be nothing left for me to teach you. I lived a long life and with that I witness mankinds history but at the same time watch as those I loved grew old and died,\" said Lucion Vrael wasn't sure where Lucion was gong but he understood that there was a price in living forever \"Did something happen master? There a reason why your telling me this\", asked Vrael showing concern for his teacher \"I know your wondering as to why I have been training you mentally and physically all these years? The reason is that I am tired of this life were I am frozen in time never changing. Feeding off people's blood to survive and never being able to feel the sun against my skin again. What I have become is not natural. I have longed for death for ages. I have trained you up to this point to kill our kind and feed off them instead of humans\", said Lucion \"I don't follow Master?\", said Vrael Lucion turned around to face Vrael who was sitting across his desk, an expresion of sorrow and sadness came over him as Vrael stared at him \"I have been lying to you Vrael. Yes I have been training you but it has been for my own benefit and personal vendetta. You are an instrument of destruction that I will unleash on to all vampires and even the inner circles I was apart of and turned me into the remnant of a man you see before. I think now is a good enough time for you to know the truth about me Vrael, only then can you truly understand what I have been doing with you and your training. You will have to feed on me Vrael and through my blood bear witness to my life\", said Lucion extending his hand out towards Vrael couldn't say a word after hearin Lucion telling him that he would ave to feed on him in order to understand the truth about Lucion \"I wont feed on you Master\", said Vrael Lucion smiled at Vrael knowing his stronge will to cling to his humanity but he must know the truth \"I commend you on your resolve to deny my resquest and if I was in your position I too would have done the same but as years passed by that resolve has weaken. I am nothing as to what I once was, this will be your fate Vrael. I am truly sorry for what must come next, Tu kovato Durimu Vio \", said Lucion Instantly Vrael body began to move on there on accord, though He fought against it as hard as he could their was, no response. Vrael was immoblized his movements were controled by none other then Lucion. He could only look into the eyes of Lucion as he slowly crept in his direction \"I have compelled you Vrael. There is no use trying to fight my will, I knew you would not do as I had requested so this was the alternative. You will see life through my eyes and with an uderstanding as to why I have done this but along with that you will inherit my gifts and strength for which will be an asset in the coming trails\" Vrael was close and only inches away from Lucion neck, he struck like cobra his teeth peircing into the flesh of Lucion and now blood flowing into Vrael. A surge of memories began to flow into his mind, slowly as ghostly images then as more solid pictures before his eyes. Eli had her hands out streched before her, things looked okay but appeared to be different. She couldn't help it but everything is not okay her body was off, this was new she didn't know what to expect from drinking vampire blood and so far the feeling were way off. Was this the wrong choice, I feel different and I am not sure if it is a good thing while Oskar is still here. Is this what the vampire meant She didn't know how much time has passed while she was in the bathroom and was Oskar worried for her waiting for her to come to him. So Eli decided to clean up the best she could and finish up later. It was ,ore important to stay at Oskar's side at the moment and whatever happens they'll both deal with it together. Hearing the door open Oskar remained still on the bed heeding Eli's words as to not come near the bathroom . When she had come back from feeding \"Oskar dear I didn't keep you waiting long did I?\", said Eli walking towards Oskar, her raven black swayed from side to side. \" Not at all. I'd wait forever for you and then some, whatever did happen you will tell me right? I was worried\", said Oskar \"Yes but that's not important right now. What I do think is important Oskar is that I have neglected my boyfriend and I crave your touch, so I think its best that you hold me\", said Eli who sat next to him putting her head on his shoulder. Like a cat snuggling against him until he wrapped his arm around her providing a sense of protection in his mind he felt was nesscary. Eli knew thoughts of her own safety ran inside Oskars head him knowing what she is capable of. She loved it because he didn't see a monster but a girl a human girl and that's all she ever wanted, being able to witness her darkness but still love her regardless. Oskar was hesistant to speak \"Eli I know from this point on things will be hard but I want you to experience life with me. Halloween is today and I like to go out and go trick or treating toegther as opposed to being inside all day\", said Oskar \"Whats Halloween and what do you do ?\", asked Eli She didn't turn to look at him as she was going to speak due to the fact that Eli was too comfortable and didn't want to move. \"It's great. One day of the year people everywhere, get dressed as monsters for a night and get candy. I been doing for awhile and I enjoy it, there also scary movies being shown that I like\", said Oskar \"Sounds like it be more fun for you then it would be for me\", said Eli grinning She already knew what Hallow's Eve was as it was called back during here time, back then it was more a ritual sense and tradition of paying respect to the dead. It was unique how something so simple as to Oskar voice had the power to soothe her and bring her peace. Vrael layed and renmisenced as memeries of his past flowed into his mind, things about Lucion he didn't know or was neglected by him. His lifed flow before him like a movie, Vrael witnessed Lucion fight during the crusades fighting under the churches banner. Lucion had develope a ruptation on the battlefield as a force to be wrecking with. It was durin this time at a battled were Lucion under estimated the enemy and suffered great losses along with an injury he sustained during the fight. The enemy he faced in battle had some advantages that were deem supernatural, because Lucion's bravery against this enemy it decise to grant him a gift of internal life. Then the scene changed to a glorious hall and at the center was a table were a group of girls no older then 11 were being lined up before the lord only to be slaughtered like cattle and drained of blood. The man was yet again and Lucion stood behind him watching this act of cruelty, something caught his eye and in the corner of the room was a girl who was sligtly familiar to Vrael. Raven black hair flowed down her waist, everything seem to click that little girl was the vampire from earlier. Was this what Lucion was trying to tell me that this girl and the man who turned you are connected and if so then she'll be the key to finding the monster whose eluded many for years. Vrael stepped away from Lucion \"I witnessed your life through my eyes and I understand that you too fought against the darkness for many years, even now your fighting it. I saw the man's face the one who turned you and others\", said Vrael \"So you understand that he is evil. I was unable to topple him myself and in the proccese he almost took my humanity away from me. He is different from you and me\", said Lucion \"He's that powerful?\", said Vrael Lucion could only nodded \"Beyond what I know, yes don't underestimate him. His knowledge is goes beyond our time\", said Lucion as he knew his time was almost up Vrael lowered his head \"How do I kill him and others like him\", asked Vrael \"There a sword I made for this purpose forge with the blood of dead people and plant that can be duplicated but is harmful to vampires. With this blade, you will be able to kill him and others like him. I am sorry that my task has befallen on you Vrael\", said Lucion as the last minutes of his life slipped away causing him to fall infront of Vrael *Flash back* Vrael laid in his bed looking up towards the ceiling contemplating memories that are the reason he wont stop \"I made a promise which I intend to keep Lucion, that this vampire will fall before my blade and that girl will be the key to flushing him out. Tonights Halloween, which means they'll be out and I'll be out hunting as usual. I will see this through to the end Lucion\", said Vrael A/N Sorry that this chapter has taken so long just been bust with school and work so I havent forgot. I am going to do a holiday special for you guys the fans, So I would like you guys to come up with questions you like to ask the characters and the next chapter will be a holiday Q/A. I will pick the best questions from you guys for them to answer[Chapter 9] Vrael sat up from his daze of memories and moved towards a wooden chest that was far older then him but belonged to Lucion and held his affects. It was carved with intricate designs of an era that was beyond him. Opening the chest it held Lucion's armor and sword that had seen many battles and blood shed from the crusades, He had become a big part of his life during his training and it was because of Lucion that he is who he is today and the reason why he will be carrying out his will. \" I shall keep the fealty I made. You will be with me Master as I wear your armor as tonight is Hallows Eve's, which will spell difficulty for me since there will be children out at night.\", said Vrael lifting up the armor as the light from the candle reflected of the metal plates It has been awhile since he fed and tonight was important that he'll need all his strength to handle all the vampires while they were out hunting for fresh blood. Past experience has taught him that this will be when their the most dangerous due to the hunger. So every action he makes has to be perfect and every blow must be instant kill otherwise he would have to chase them but the main goal is to protect the children and their families. Night was fast approaching and Vrael still needed to feed in order to take on the vile creatures who preyed on the living for blood. After he placed the armor aside along with the broad sword next to where he laid for the night. He was unlike others, Vrael never fed on humans but Vampires instead and it was a difficult change for him during his training with Lucion but in the end he became custom to it and even stronger then most. There was a cabinet that he kept blood he syphon from other vampires, opening it the sound of 30 vials bumped against each other. Back at the hotel Eli sat on the bed with Oskar as he explained the wonders of Halloween and as to why it was his favorite holiday because you got to dress up as a monster and scare people \" Hmm be a monster for a day? The holiday truly changed from back when I remembered it. Maybe I should just go out as my true self\" the thought made Eli grin alittle Oskar noticed Eli's grinned \"why are you smiling?\" asked Oskar Eli looked at him with soft eyes \"You mentioned people dress up as a monster and I was thinking about how I am a monster\" \"Your not a monster your my girlfriend\", said Oskar \"I know but every time you say girlfriend just makes me forget of who I once was. I do like how the thought of scaring people has gotten you all excited\", said Eli \"Halloween is the best because of the candy and I like it be something we can do together without fear of the local police chasing us\", said Oskar Eli rolled back onto the bed away from Oskar but was behind him, standing up on the bed with her hands stretched towards the ceiling. He stood up from his sit looking back at her \"Curious as to what you would be dressing up as since I know what costume I am wearing for tonight\", said Eli gesturing her hands at herself. Oskar looked at her then himself then back her again only to realize what she meant with the statement, Oskar got the hint and tried to think of a costume that would complement hers as they both went out tonight. \" So I am curious to the fact that while were out getting candy. An officer who might be looking for us or someone house we go to\", said Eli \" I don't think that they've have time to be looking for us since everyone will be out enjoying the night and they might have better things to do so don't worry\", said Oskar. Under ground beneath the city hidden from the citizen's was a tunnel system that stretched out to the country side out of the city limits. A bum had been lured into one of the crevice by a charming young women and was now being fed on by five vampire's who were stopped by sharply dress man who told them a urgent meeting had been called by there sire. All five followed the figure further into the tunnels that seemed to be hand carved and left the bum they had been feeding on to bleed out into a painful death from the amount of bite marks. They reached an inner chamber at the far side had a elgant chair and in the chair sat him the one who sire they kin. Within the chamber itself more had gathered and awaited for the rest to form in. \"Seems there is a problem the two that were sent to deal with it were killed\", said the sharply dressed man There was silence as all didn't want to speak and be penalized for it, they last person who spoke out of turn was compelled to hook himself on to fish hooks and drain the blood from his body and allow himself to starve. As it was quite He began to speak \"I expected much. This particular thorn has began to annoy me for some time now. I find it amusing that one of our own would turn against his nature\", the voice was cold as ice but at the same time it foretold his intelligence of his time. \"Understood but how should this problem be address? The dagger laced with dead man's blood, we have to assume that he took it\", \"If he did is no concern to me the fact that this thorn still manages to prick the gardener is astonishing to me. With all our strengths it would seem that this problem would have dealt with by now. I do mourn those who have fallen but failure will not be tolerable within this order and someone must be punish. Who will bear this cross?\" None spoke knowing that any who did would be elected to be tormented, a door opened from te right side behind him. It was a handmaid who held her head down and was holding a garments of fine linen for the Vampire who sat in the chair. \"Seems like none will accept the punishment and I must choose\" As the handmaid drew closer to him \"Today is an unfortunate day for you as you can see my subordinates can't admit their failure and because of that you will be the one to suffer\", he said as his cold calming voice seemed to be soothing the young women who smiled as he admittedly told the girl she was to die A/N* Unfortunetly this chapter took awhile and for me had things going on but I am back and I promise this story isn't over nope far from it and the next chapter I have a lot in store for you guys with Vrael. I will also go into Eli's history aswell[Chapter 10] Vrael watched as the sun settled beyond the mountains peak the light reflecting from his eyes as he stood dead center of the windows view. Behind him on the table were containers that held blood but as the day slowly became night the container which were filled to the rim were now almost empty, Vrael had devoured at least 6 cups. Tonight was important for him as this was Hallow's Eve and there would be a lot of children out at night trick or treating with their parents and thus made them vulnerable to the impending vampire attacks that he'd been preparing for. He was in possession of the blade that was tainted with dead man's blood, for the sole purpose of killing. It would seem that his actions have caught the eye of the one he's been hunting and now they wanted him dead. The thought brought a smile \" It appears you do have emotion and not unmoved by your once human emotions. That you feel threatened by my actions in a way you must sever the head off a serpent. Hope you received my message through your pawns who were unprepared for combat, it is only a matter of time before it is you\", Vrael said to himself \"What do you think? Do I look adequate for the tradition of trick or treating? It's not too frightful\", said Eli to Oskar Oskar glanced over his shoulder at Eli, She was putting a lot of effort into looking her best for hallows eve and oskar neg;ected to tell her that it wasn't about how good the costume looked but Oskar eyes were admiring other parts of Eli. By his momentary silence that he approved of the costume and her appearence. He knew how important this is to Eli , being together in the open as a couple not having to hide who she was on the one day in which it was acceptable to dress up as a monster. \" You look like my kind of monster\", said Oskar with a smile Eli was overtaken by his response that if she could she would be blushing by his comment. Walking up to him so gracefully \" I understand that a good thing\" said Eli , once close brush her cheek against his Back within the catacombs the vampires stood in awe as the handmaiden was compelled by the shadow sitting on the throne. She simply placed her tray on the floor then stepped forward to the wall which held to hooks that were attached to a chain. There she waited for her next set of intstructions. \"Look upon her and view her weakness as he is helpless to obey my command. You all will be punished for the mistakes of two. Coursing through the veins of this women is blood, the scent clings to the air. You can't deny your instincts and the need to feed and today you shall feed\" he nodded to the women. She then took the hooks and proceeded to cut herself, the scent became too powerful as the mass of vampires bodies twitched as they went into feeding mode but fighting there impulse until they were given the word to feed. it would appear that their bodies were in pain from the amount of blood that was now dripping onto the floor. \" I can see the anguish of pain your bodies are going through as the need to feed becomes unbearable. I would not neglect my children the right to eat. You may feed\", He said with a grin Hearing those words were like a signal for all as they charged the handmaiden. Each one fighting to get a taste of her blood. As quickly as they came soon each one had fallen to the floor with a hand covering their mouths. Some attempted to cough up the blood and began to bleed themselves. He slowly walked around the group observing them intently before explaining what was happening to them, seeing them in this state amused him greatly \"You are probably wondering what has happen? She has been tainted with Lorvain. You asking yourselves why could I do this and that answer is simple. Two of my kin were killed and the rest of you act like chickens with their heads cut off. You all shouldn't show any sign of weakness, those are human faults which none of you are human. If one fails me then you all fail me.\", \"Why and for what purpose do have to poison us?\", asked one vampire before he began to gurgle blood \"Lorvain has been around for many generations and it was a few alchemist who discover its affects on our kind and passed that knowledge on to those who would use it to kill us. I wanted to see these effects for myself. This test was successful and all of you as the subject will die as I alone will be in the sole possession of a weapon that can kill our kind\" he said as he left the catacombs, leaving those poison behind \"Sire what is our next plan of action?\", asked Daniel who was waiting patiently for His master. \"Daniel you please me with your presence. With the death of two of my kin I was able to see this abominations face along with another who was present. We shall be patient like the snake as it's prey approaches and then strike. You will need to gather a group that will go hunting after him and other that I saw with him\", \"Understood. Will we use the Lorvain against them?\", asked Daniel \"Of course why else would I have cultivated it in a way not to be used as a weapon. \" It seems a great discovery was made by alchemist\", said Lucien \"Why would anything they do be of importance to us Master\", said Vrael who was practicing his forms \" The importance of their discovery will be a key factor in killing our kind. They were creating a new form of medicine from a plant they had recovered. The properties of the plant was unknown but they were certain it would be able to cure many things that ail mankind today. Unfortunately during their testing of the plant, they were attacked\", said Lucien \"Attacked by what?\", asked Vrael \"A vampire who been starving. One of the alchemist had taken the medicine and was bitten by the vampire and what happen next marveled them. The Vampire who attacked them died shortly after, it seems that the plant they recovered did not harm humans but was lethal to vampires. The extent of how lethal is unknown. I was able to corner one and talk them into giving me a sample and the body to examine\", said Lucien \"What does this mean?\", said Vrael stopping in mid swing \"It means you be closer to your goal Vrael. All the pieces are coming together\", said Lucien The memory faded away leaving Vrael to contemplate those words that all this time there now was a weapon he had to kill the vampires for good. Would the little girl he met earlier share his same interest, He couldn't quite place her but felt that she was somehow connected to all of this A/N Sorry for taking so long just been busy with school. I know you guys have been waiting patiently and your patients will be rewarded. I will do something special for you guys the Next will be a Q/A with Eli. So you guys can live questions you wish to ask and the best ones will be answered by her. If not then I will post a regular chapter lol[Chapter 11] Night had cast its grip on the world and for some this night held significance for the children of the world, as they would be out among peers and parents, as they go house to house demanding candy on this hallows eve. Vrael walked among the people seeing the children with his own eyes, so much of himself was lost to the creature he had become to destroy Vampires. Tonight was unique because as it was a night that who did not have to hide himself and walk among the civilians without causing panic. Things had been different compared to his time with Lucion as when he was being taught to use his hone in on his killer instincts that would be used for hunting prey. Lucion showed him to use these attributes turning them into skills needed to carry out his mission and for his survival. \"You seem to forget what I had taught you Vrael? I'm I just wasting time\", said Lucion , walking around Vrael in a circle watching him intently. \" I haven't forgotten Master, I can 't seem to focus. The scent of blood is too strong and I won't be able to control myself in order for me to perform the imprinting like you have told me\", said Vrael \"You must master your own body and mind or you will succumb to it's will. The pain from the hunger does not control you Vrael. Once you allow it to set the tone then you become what people label us. Monster\", said Lucion Vrael stood there before Lucien deep in thought, reflecting back on what Lucien taught him but it seem very difficult. A struggle was beginning form within him as he closed his eye's and opened them only to find himself standing before him. \"What's going on Master? is this another trick your using as a tool to teach me a lesson?\", said Vrael, looking around him for Lucion. There was only silence the voice of the man he knew would push back the demons within him was now gone and here stood before him. \" Vrael I have not abandon you to face this challenge alone. You have enter a trance like state created by your subconscious tha-\" Lucion voice was cut off \"You going to let that old frail man speak for you Vrael? Don't be upset? where do you think things have gone for you up to this point?. Vrael was confused there before him stood himself but that wasn't at the same time. \"Who are you?\", asked Vrael \"Can't you tell who I am? I'm you after all. Well the better half of you of course. I don't understand why you been listening to that old man when you should be listening to me the one who knows you best\", \" Stay strong Vrael, It will try to unsettle you by using your emotions against you forcing you to lose control\" , said Lucien \"What is it?\", asked Vrael while he watch the copy of himself bare his teeth at him as if awaiting something. \" You remember I mention that to become what were are fully, there are those who given up their humanity to indulge in there blood lust craving . What you see before you is the monster inside all of us a darkness that has taken a form\", said Lucion Darkness? He mentioned I would have to conquer this side of myself in order to keep my humanity, Vrael looked at himself in disgust. He would never allow himself to become a mindless creature with only one primal instinct Eli walked along side Oskar, as they had started this evening with two empty pillow cases that they took from their hotel room for the exact purpose of getting candy. He seems so content. How is that? We merely been out getting candy for free ? it didn't cost a thing and these people continued to give more. I am going to have to inspect all the candy Oskar got just to be safe. Eli was deep in thought and Oskar sensed it as she was normally talkative around him as the went out together \"Eli is everything okay? you seem somewhere else\", said Oskar gracefully stroking her cheek as the continue down the main street of the town itself , Eli took in glimpse as children dress as monster would go to each house saying \"Trick or Treat\". Looking at him she couldn't deny that the way he made her feel was human and is something she had been for many years now \"You know Oskar this is a lot of candy I will have to inspect it for yo dear\", Eli pointed to both bags . \"Still over protective of me sweetie\", he said with a smile. Eli suddenly stopped walking while Oskar continued until it felt that he was pulling her arm \"Eli everything okay?\" asked Oskar, Something doesn't feel right? I didn't want to cause alarm to him but I think were being followed. Eli took a sniff of the air, Her eyes widen as her body took in every ones scent. There was one that seemed familiar and it wasn't Oskar's but something else. \"Grrrrrrgh\" Eli pulled Oskar by the forearm slightly and had to be careful not to use too much strength, It happened so quickly that Oskar was just in the air for a brief second till he was safely behind Eli while she looked forward at a scrawny man who looked like he hadn't eaten in days. Dried up blood crusted on the corners of his mouth and eye's black as night. It took a stance like a cat before it pounces. No! It growled again baring his teeth \"Eli whats going on?\", said Oskar \"Please don't make any sudden moves Oskar. I don\"t want you to get hurt\", said Eli The male vampire lunged at both Eli and Oskar with killing intent and arms stretched out. Vrael held the sword handle with both hands as he delivered a downward stroke. The vampire on the other end flailed on the ground holding her chest. The blood vessel slowly became evident as Lorvain from the sword made its way through the body. \"You can feel it can't you? the impending doom of your pathetic life. Consider yourself lucking that you are the first because the night is young and my blade is hungry\", said Vrael. He walked over to her putting his sword away as he reached her, Vrael looked down at her for a few moments then grabbing a lock of her hair yanked her up so she could see him clearly \"Your like us a vampire\", she said softly \"No that is were your mistaken , I am not like you and will never be as such. I don't feed on humans but on vampires\", said Vrael tosssing her back to the floor, the Lorvain was progressing rapidly through her system and her once while pale complexion was now the color of ash and he sudden movements force her to fall apart until she was nothing but a pile of dirt surrounding by clothing.. *A/N* Sorry guys for the long awaited delay. I know you guys have been waiting for this chapter. Lets just say life happened and it keep me from writing. I assure all my readers that the next few chapters will be great. You all will get to See Vrael hunt but also use his abilities, some you guys may already know about but there are some new ones that I have kept secrete. I will be taken suggest on how you guys want Vrael to kill the vampires he hunts. R&R;[Chapter 12] Night had cast its grip on the world and for some this night held significance for the children of the world, as they would be out among peers and parents, as they go house to house demanding candy on this hallows eve. Vrael walked among the people seeing the children with his own eyes, so much of himself was lost to the creature he had become to destroy Vampires. Tonight was unique because as it was a night that who did not have to hide himself and walk among the civilians without causing panic. Things had been different compared to his time with Lucion as when he was being taught to use his hone in on his killer instincts that would be used for hunting prey. Lucion showed him to use these attributes turning them into skills needed to carry out his mission and for his survival. \"You seem to forget what I had taught you Vrael? I'm I just wasting time?\", said Lucion , walking around Vrael in a circle watching him intently. \" I haven't forgotten Master, I can 't seem to focus. The scent of blood is too strong and I won't be able to control myself in order for me to perform the imprinting like you have told me\", said Vrael \"You must master your own body and mind or you will succumb to it's will. The pain from the hunger does not control you Vrael. Once you allow it to set the tone then you become what people label us. Monster\", said Lucion Vrael stood there before Lucien deep in thought, reflecting back on what Lucien taught him but it seem very difficult. A struggle was beginning form within him as he closed his eye's and opened them only to find himself standing before him. \"What's going on Master? is this another trick your using as a tool to teach me a lesson?\", said Vrael, looking around him for Lucion. There was only silence the voice of the man he knew would push back the demons within him was now gone and here stood before him. \" Vrael I have not abandon you to face this challenge alone. You have enter a trance like state created by your subconscious tha-\" Lucion voice was cut off \"You going to let that old frail man speak for you Vrael? Don't be upset? where do you think things have gone for you up to this point?. Vrael was confused there before him stood himself but that wasn't at the same time. \"Who are you?\", asked Vrael \"Can't you tell who I am? I'm you after all. Well the better half of you of course. I don't understand why you been listening to that old man when you should be listening to me the one who knows you best\", \" Stay strong Vrael, It will try to unsettle you by using your emotions against you forcing you to lose control\" , said Lucien \"What is it?\", asked Vrael while he watch the copy of himself bare his teeth at him as if awaiting something. \" You remember I mention that to become what were are fully, there are those who given up their humanity to indulge in there blood lust craving . What you see before you is the monster inside all of us a darkness that has taken a form\", said Lucion Darkness? He mentioned I would have to conquer this side of myself in order to keep my humanity, Vrael looked at himself in disgust. He would never allow himself to become a mindless creature with only one primal instinct Eli walked along side Oskar, as they had started this evening with two empty pillow cases that they took from their hotel room for the exact purpose of getting candy. He seems so content. How is that? We merely been out getting candy for free ? it didn't cost a thing and these people continued to give more. I am going to have to inspect all the candy Oskar got just to be safe. Eli was deep in thought and Oskar sensed it as she was normally talkative around him as the went out together \"Eli is everything okay? you seem somewhere else\", said Oskar gracefully stroking her cheek as the continue down the main street of the town itself , Eli took in glimpse as children dress as monster would go to each house saying \"Trick or Treat\". Looking at him she couldn't deny that the way he made her feel was human and is something she had been for many years now \"You know Oskar this is a lot of candy I will have to inspect it for yo dear\", Eli pointed to both bags . \"Still over protective of me sweetie\", he said with a smile. Eli suddenly stopped walking while Oskar continued until it felt that he was pulling her arm \"Eli everything okay?\" asked Oskar, Something doesn't feel right? I didn't want to cause alarm to him but I think were being followed. Eli took a sniff of the air, Her eyes widen as her body took in every ones scent. There was one that seemed familiar and it wasn't Oskar's but something else. \"Grrrrrrgh\" Eli pulled Oskar by the forearm slightly and had to be careful not to use too much strength, It happened so quickly that Oskar was just in the air for a brief second till he was safely behind Eli while she looked forward at a scrawny man who looked like he hadn't eaten in days. Dried up blood crusted on the corners of his mouth and eye's black as night. It took a stance like a cat before it pounces. No! It growled again baring his teeth \"Eli whats going on?\", said Oskar \"Please don't make any sudden moves Oskar. I don\"t want you to get hurt\", said Eli The male vampire lunged at both Eli and Oskar with killing intent and arms stretched out. Vrael held the sword handle with both hands as he delivered a downward stroke. The vampire on the other end flailed on the ground holding her chest. The blood vessel slowly became evident as Lorvain from the sword made its way through the body. \"You can feel it can't you? the impending doom of your pathetic life. Consider yourself lucking that you are the first because the night is young and my blade is hungry\", said Vrael. He walked over to her putting his sword away as he reached her, Vrael looked down at her for a few moments then grabbing a lock of her hair yanked her up so she could see him clearly \"Your like us a vampire\", she said softly \"No that is were your mistaken , I am not like you and will never be as such. I don't feed on humans but on vampires\", said Vrael tossing her back to the floor, the Lorvain was progressing rapidly through her system and her once while pale complexion was now the color of ash and he sudden movements force her to fall apart until she was nothing but a pile of dirt surrounding by clothing.. *A/N* Sorry guys for the long awaited delay. I know you guys have been waiting for this chapter. Lets just say life happened and it keep me from writing. I assure all my readers that the next few chapters will be great. You all will get to See Vrael hunt but also use his abilities, some you guys may already know about but there are some new ones that I have kept secrete. I will be taken suggest on how you guys want Vrael to kill the vampires he hunts. R&R;[Chapter 13] Eli whispered her words towards Oskar \"I need you to stay behind me not matter what. He acknowledge with a subtle nod, both moved as a unit while prying eyes watched never taking their gaze from the two. She was focused on her target , every fiber in her body was lighting up like fireworks. The body transition to hunt mode was apparent as the scent of Oskar filled her mind causing the body to shiver but a new scent caused her to gasp and shake her head slightly. They've slowly crept in from the shadows, one at a time then in groups bearing their teeth to signify their presence , \"We can share the morsel\" said a voice from the far left near Eli. Startled she pushed Oskar back as a group came from the shadows of their left \" looks like you have a good one there girl. We can all have a bite?\". Eli continued to walk back while being the shield for Oskar. He has his scent and like a great white in water with the scent of blood, instinct will take over for them. \" I don't like sharing… so you may have to move along\" , said Eli , this time the vampire continued to progress forward ignoring her statement. \"Come on, just a taste\" the male Vampire insisted persistently. Things were slowly going out of control and their wasn't much she could do to prevent the inevitable fight. Her only concern was protecting Oskar at all cost; Eli was not quick to respond the vampire reached out with his right hand. Instinctually Eli swatted his arm away and he took this act towards him as an insult reacting volatile towards Eli, the other vampires within the area who kept themselves hidden were observing intently awaiting the signal to engage. Eli pushed Oksar back with a shove as the Vampire lunged. He stumbled backwards tripping over a crash can, the scene that laid before his eyes was hard to explain. Eli grabbed the boy vampire by the neck spinning it around with enough force to toss it across against a building opposite from her. Letting out a snarl baring teeth with Oskar behind her. The others seeing one of their own tossed aside began their descent upon Eli. Rushing towards her at full sprint with crimson red eyes and unsustainable hunger. It was a battle of gods displaying before Oskar eyes. Eli didn't allow any one of them to pass and her expression was feral as she lashed out at the other vampires who sought to get to her beloved. She had one by the throat and proceeded to choke slam it into the floor before chucking it backwards. One from behind jumped on her and attempted to bite at her neck, Eli turned at the waist quickly to shake it off but could then with full speed ran backwards into the wall keeping her distance from Oskar by a few feet. Punching the male vampire that was on her back as she had him pinned against the wall, she continued punching it in the face with enough force that brick began to crumble from each punch that Eli delivered. She knew that in no way her attacks would let up knowing that Oskar life was depended on her. At this point the other Vampires figured to improve their odds for the hunt means to increase their numbers, three more jump down from the rooftop and panned out. Eli caught this from the corner of her eye, the formation was to flank her from both sides so that it would keep her from Oskar. She knew all too well the hunting patterns from her days with a pack. There was a split second or more that time just slowed down, this was due to how fast a Vampire moves that it can't be caught by normal eyes. This was the key to their success when it comes to hunting people. If she wasn't careful they'll pick off Oskar if there was miscalculation on her part. Eli movement was a bluer as she juggle Oskar behind her and deflecting their movements. Four more jumped from the rooftops and joined the fray in order to get Oskar from her, Eli was holding her own for now but soon they would have the advantage due to their increasing numbers. Wanting hands extended out to reach Oskar as Eli swatted them away while moving him in one direction away from them… Frustrated She grabbed one by the neck then proceeded to use it as a human shield/ Battering ram against the other Vampires. As time went on Eli felt the slight movements of the vampires as an attempt to corralling them in to a corner, She glanced back at Oskar \"This isn't what I wanted for you and Us my love\" she thought to herself looking into his face. Eli punched the female vampire that was towards her left in the throat and quickly turned around and grabbing Oskar by the collar of his Jacket and jumped into the air having Oskar on her back as she latched to the wall of the building and proceeded to scale the side of the of the building. Climbing up the building with Oskar on her back moving as quick as possible up to the roof, glancing behind her the other vampires with giving chase as well. Not deterred by Eli actions to keep them from Oskar. She hurled over the ledge and onto the rooftop with him on her back and began to Sprint while the others followed in pursuit. \"What is going on?\", asked Oskar Eli responded \" We need to move my love. There numbers are too great and it would be just a matter of minutes before they would overwhelm me and take you from me. In order to protect you we are fleeing and their giving chance. Hopefully I will be able to pick them off\", said Eli. As she jumped off the rooftop to another keeping distance between them and her , she secured Oskar for a brief moment before continuing her sprint. Vrael had been following the scent of vampires throughout the night as he was hunting them down one by one. He gotten hungry a few times and fed on them as others watched. \" Your are not of our kin! Abomination is what you are feeding on your own kind\" Vrael looked at a male who was shaken to the core by what he witness. \" You're right I am not one of you but something different entirely and I need sustenance and you will not go to waste as I consume all that you are through your blood. You will become apart of me and all the sins you committed will be gone as I will use the strength given from your blood to wipe your kind from this earth\" said Vrael petting the Male Vampire before he fed on him. This image flashed in his head for a brief moment before being snapped back to the task at hand when a familiar scent caught his attention. He remember who this scent belongs to as the vision of the young girl formed in his mind, after he was done dispatching the vampire from moments ago. He closed his eyes and shut off everything from the outside, within his mind a visual map of the town formed which gave an Ariel view. Their near the town center moving quickly was the source of the scent. Vrael opened his eyes and darted off quickly in the direction of the young female vampire. Eli hurled over chimneys with Oskar on her back doing what she could to make it difficult for those hunting them to get her love. She was coming up to what seemed to be the center of town and the furthest building was a little bit aways. By herself she could make it but didn't want to take the chance. She stopped for a moment looking for another way around \" My love I will need you to take cover as I am going to fight. If I keep running they will only follow and I can't lead them to our home\", Eli told Oskar. In the distance she heard their snarl and growls get closer with each passing minute then there was silence, turned around to see unfamiliar figure standing near the other Vampires with two dead and the third he was holding by the throat as he proceeded to shank him with his sword in the stomach multiple times then letting the body fall to the floor shaking once it slid off his sword.[Chapter 14] Vrael Stood before Eli and Oskar watched stunned by he was witnessing, collapsing to the ground into ash was that if the Vampire that was skerward by Vrael's sword. \"Seems that our paths cross again little one. Seeing that the boy that is with you is untouched means you took my advice on feeding and began consuming your own?\" he said looking back at her while wiping the blade of his sword out of habit only to realize that there wasn't any blood , then proceeded to sheath the sword. \"Who are you?\" asked Oskar who is still trying to gather himself after what happen just moments ago. Vrael looked over the boy before \" I am an ally. Do not be alarmed by my appearance as I am one of them but I do not crave the blood of the living and only feed on those who contracted the same ailment as me\", said Vrael \"Um… You eat Vampire's ? How is that even possible?\" asked Oskar taking a step in front of Eli slowly \" Yes I feed on other Vampires and I am not sure I can explain the mechanics of it to you or anyone as I fully don't understand it myself. We need to leave as these were part of a hunting party and the covenant will come looking for them. When that happens they will pick up your scent boy\" Said Vrael removed a a small vial from his pocket then dropped it on the floor. A clear and white smoke arose from the ground \"This will eliminate your scent and keep them from tracking your lover little one\" Said Vrael looking at Oskar who the weight of the situation has slowly hit him like a ton of bricks but kept his composure to not worry Eli. While she was also looking at Oskar then apologized to him for what happened earlier, all because she wanted him to be happy and get candy. Eli took Oskar by the hand and left while Vrael followed closely behind in case there are any following behind. It didn't take long for them to arrive at the hotel they were staying at, Eli entered first then followed by Oskar. Vrael waited outside the door \"I can not enter unless you invite me in\" said Vrael pointing to the entrance. Oskar before answering Vrael remembered back at his place where Eli entered without being granted permission and bleed out. \"I am sorry. You may enter\"said Oskar. Vrael walked in closing the door behind him \"Do you know why you have to ask permission before entering? I ended up causing harm to Eli for being inconsiderate to the situation not fully understanding what she was telling me\", said Oskar. Vrael went to the window and gave a quick glance outside before closing the blinds then turned his attention to Oskar \" What I was able to learn from my Master is that Vampires did not just appear out of nowhere but were created but by accident\" \"By accident?\", asked Oskar \" Yes by accident. Many centuries and details explain that there was one and through him many were sired out of loneliness\", said Vrael. \"Loneliness?\", inquired Oskar \"That is correct. You may understand quite well that our existence is a lonely one and knowing that we are frozen in time never allowed to progress with others that we love. If a person isn't killed during the feeding then they become unintentional sired\", said Vrael. \" Then why are you here then? It doesn't seem Like Eli hasn't done anything wrong?, said Oskar crossing his arms. \"I am here because of her. I followed here trail of bodies and had to adjust the investigation in a new direction. She left one alive after displaying a great deal human emotion towards you\", said Vrae as he walked towards Oskar \" I tracked her through the boys memories leading up to that event. I know all too well what those boys did. If it means anything they were dealt a swift end. What I am after is the Vampire that Sired Eli\" said Vrael, Eli looked confused by what Vrael said to her. \"I don't know who sired me because I never saw his face. To me it was a shadow that attacked me\" said Eli \"There is a Method I have learned that will help in discovering this shadows identity. The process in how it will be done may cause a little discomfort. If you choose to go forward, then there is one thing I will be able to offer you\" said Vrael. \"What is it that you may offer? If I decide to go through with it?\", asked Eli taking a defensive stance in front of Oskar. \"There may be a way to cure/ reverse what we are\", Oskar's eyes widen \"You mean that ….Eli ….can be cured?\" \"There is a possibility. I had a mentor who helped me deal with this condition and the hunger. Through his travels over the centuries he discovered that there was a plant that held properties that can harm us and that it can be weaponized for that such purpose\", said Vrael. Oskar's mind was racing thinking about there was something that could harm Eli and instinctively he wanted to protect her. \"What is the plants name?\" asked Oskar Vrael grinned a devilish smile before stating \"Lorvain, which can be used in many ways to harm or kill a vampire. It causes an adverse reaction in our bodies depending how it is administered\", said Vrael… \"What kind of reaction?\", asked Oskar, Vrael pulled out his sword admiring the blade and twirled the sword in his hand for brief minute. \" This blade was created by my Master and he was able to refine a concentrated extract of Lorvain then applied it during the forging process. It is the only one in existence that I know of but it can kill our kind. Lorvain deteriorates the blood in our bodies at a cellular level and does it rapidly. Vampires are not living but an imitation of immortality, We rely on the consuming of the blood of others for our own survival in order to keep living\", \"Lorvain can kill a vampire? I witnessed today that there strong enough to bend steel. It is hard to believe your sword can pierce them let alone kill them\", said Oskar.[Chapter 15] Eli Stepped forward towards Vrael \"What do you intend to do?\" , asked Eli \" I intend to find the vampire that turned Eli\", said Vrael. \" How would you do that? She doesn't remember when that happened!\", yelled Oskar stepping in front of Eli. Vrael pointed to Eli's head \"Her memories. She may not remember but they are hidden and are they key to tracking and eliminating the covenant that has taken root in this area. Information is key among vampires as they do not age and are equivalent to a walking history books archived within their memories\", said Vrael. Oskar still at the corner of the bed with the bag of candy spilled out in s pile on the bed \"It will be okay Oskar. There are remanence of that incident that comes and goes. I spent all my time pushing it away and not wanting to remember because then the realization that someone made me a monster that is hated and feared\", said Eli as she glanced at Oskar sadness in her eyes. \"I didn't know about your past other then you being a vampire. You expressed no interest in wanting to discuss it with me\", said Oskar. She looked at Oskar \" I didn't want you to worry then ask questions to a past that I can barely remember. When I rather spend my life creating new memories with you\", said Eli. \"There is a way to look into your memories little one and uncover that which has been forgotten. The incident at the public pool, I was able to uncover your identity and cover it up to prevent the authorities from pursuing you\", said Vrael \"How ?\" , asked Oskar \"It is a method that requires blood. I am not sure how to explain it to you but it was one of the many things that my master taught me\", said Vrael \"There was one kid that Eli left alive. I didn't question it or realize he was even there\" said Oskar. Vrael's eyes locked on Oskar for a brief moment \"I paid him a visit. It wasn't hard to track him down. He assured me that he wouldn't tell a soul, I can be convincing when I need to be\", said Vrael as he stood up and felt energy fleeting from his body and the hunger build up inside him \"I only wanted him to experience a sense of normalcy for this one day. I have taken so much from him and he has abandon his whole existence to be at my side\", said Eli. After all the time he spent with her, this was the first time since being with her that she expressed any human emotion. She was very poised an emotionless it hit him in the heart that Oskar couldn't hold back tears \" My love you shouldn't weep. I have forsaken you and took the things away that have made you unique to me. Here you have to hide from monsters who seek to take you from me\" said Eli \"Little one it is not your fault. I too understand the situation you that your in. I have been this monster for what seems like seconds but time moves rapidly around you. As time passes you lose bits of your humanity as those you love fade away and you are a still picture untouched by time. During those years under the guidance of my master, I had a family that I could never see but admire from afar. I could never participate in the celebrations of birthdays weddings, things that seem trivial back then but now I've would trade anything to have those memories. What I became was not a gift but a punishment that took bits and pieces of me each year until I was nothing but a shell of a man\", said Vrael turning away from both Eli and Oskar. Vrael looked through the closed blinds of the window as he continued on \"This life is one of isolation and I do not wish it on anyone, seeing you with him reminds me of the person I was before I allowed this to consume me\" said Vrael. \" How long will it take to dive into her memories through her blood?\" asked Oskar who was concern for Eli's safety \"I will say these as it is no easy task and that it will force her to relive those traumatic moments from her past along with deep emotion that is connected to those memories. I will have to restrain her for your safety and hers\" said Vrael. \"Why would you restrain her?\" asked Oskar who was confused \"In order to keep her from killing you. Not only will repress feelings come back but so will her natural state in which she has kept in check all these centuries. It is for your own protection. Now let us prepare while we have time. We will be here awhile. Eli I will need you to sit in down here\"said Vrael as he placed a chair in the center of the room away from the window and near the bed. \"This may be difficult for you to witness Oskar I will ask for you to be behind me as I do this\" said Vrael as Eli sat in the chair, then looked at Oskar with just her eyes telling him to do it. He drugging walked slowly and took his place behind Vrael. Eli sat in the chair that Vrael place in the center of the room; Vrael swiveled to the front of Eli while she sat still, he proceeded to bind here to the chair with old leather straps that he made centuries ago \"This here have been treated with Mountain Ash and Lorvain. I made these specifically for to restrain our kind in order to obtain information or torture\" said Vrael and as the last word was utter he smiled. \"Mountain Ash ?\" asked Oskar \"Yes. Mountain Ash is used for vampires but is commonly known for Werewolves\" said Vrael , Oskar eye's widen by the statement that the leather straps \"So Werewolves are real then? I mean of course if Vampires are real\" said Oskar. \" Children of the Moon is what they are called. To answer your question. They are real but never encountered one before. But how people portray them in your films is incorrect. I have read literature that my master had on Werewolves. The text said that they are consider to be the left hand of god. An instrument to combat anything supernatural. There are like warriors but I myself never have encountered one\", said Vrael. Finishing up securing Eli in the chair \"Now little one there will be some discomfort during the process and will take time for me to find your memory. I will not try to linger in your mind\" said Vrael titling Eli's head to one side before lunging his head forward for the initial bite. Vrael's teeth sank into Eli's skin and blood started to trickle down; what was different about this bite was the intent not to kill Eli but keep her alive. His eye were closed as he was sent through mortedtude of memories of Eli's life from her birth and days as a living person. Oskar witness the erratic movement of Vrael's eyes underneath the eyelids. He stood in darkness as he fast forward images in search for that memory she has forced herself to forget over many centuries. 2 mins seemed to pass and He was still no closer to finding that memory until a image flown by that was shrouded in darkness and was also distorted; one hand outstretched Vrael stopped the image before him then stepped through it. He found himself in a room with no lights, Vrael scanned the area quickly looking for any indicators that he could recognize where he was until he notice the young girl face emerge from beneath the covers of the blankets. He recognized it to be Eli's face, Vrael had found the memory in which she forcefully blocked out of her head. He turned his head to the right because he noticed movement from the far left a window and a figured cloaked crept slowly into the room through the window. This what Vrael was anticipating once realising that this was the key moment that Eli was robbed of her humanity by a monster that snuck into her room. Vrael allowed the cloaked figure to inch closer to the bed before pausing the entire scene. Vrael walked forward and around this figure, there was nothing to indicate that this person held any title of nobility but his cloak that this Vampire wore had an ornament of designs that represent a family crest. Vrael made a mental note of these different designs which were a set of three to form a family crest / shield. This was the moment of truth as he made his way to the front of the man he reach out to pull the hood back to reveal his face as his fingers were on the hood and yet Vrael seemed for a brief moment not able to perform the act. Something felt different and yet he willed himself to pull back the hood revealing an elder man who was frozen by time. \"I know what you look like old one. Been chasing you through history and now the mystery of who you are is gone. I will be coming for you\" said Vrael as he placed a finger on the Vampire's neck leaving a sigil of some kind. Then the unexpected started to happen, the eyes of the old one slowly moved towards him as if it could see him. Vrael didn't falter but felt an invisible force pushing against him, the hold he had on this memory Vrael sense he was losing his hold on it. The old one now titled his head at Vrael and displaying his fangs at him then in a low tone muttering a sentence before Vrael closed his eye. Oskar observed Vrael for a second, during the procedure he started to say things in low tone that he could barely hear. Eli who had been restrained to the chair made subtle movement during the time Vrael was searching through her memories. She began to shake violently in the chair , Oskar stepped forward \"What is going on here Vrael? She didn't display any involuntary actions while you were in her mind\" shouted Oskar. Vrael went around to the front of Eli \"I need you to stay back as she will lash out. Her physical state is reliving the trauma she experience of being attacked and turned\" said Vrael \"Will she be okay? Is there any lasting damage that a person may have or experience after you done your thing?\" asked Oskar. \"Not that I know of but there's more to this as I encountered something that I didn't expect nor did I even know was possible. We will need to monitor her and allow this to subside, then once she comes too I will give details of what I saw\" Vrael. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 The train they had boarded was quiet, there was hardly no one else here within the same c"}]