[{"Movie":"Count of Monte Cristo","Title":"Afterward","Author":"RoyalNonesuch","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9363104","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Fernand Mondego stared off blankly into the crowded, noisy tavern as he drained another glass of Scotch. His wavy blonde hair, a particular favorite of the ladies, or so he thought, was a disheveled mess. His clothes, the high fashion of Paris, matched his coiffure. His neckloth looked like it had been arranged by a blind valet and his waistcoat was an embarrassment. A man is allowed to look like this, however, when he loses his family, fortune and reputation in a matter of days. He placed the glass down on the table in front of him. To his surprise, a young attractive woman now stood before him with a baby in her arms. Fernand's intoxicated mind labored to recall the woman, but remembering mistresses had never been his strong suit. \"Monsieur Mondego?\" she asked by way of confirmation. Fernand mustered a roguish smile. \"The very same\". \"Oh good, I was desperate to find you.\" Suddenly he remembered her face. It was the Viscount Toville's wife recently made a widow by Fernand's own hand. \"It was an unfortunate business with your husband, but it couldn't be helped.\" \"Yes it was, but I'm not here about him, I'm here about my baby.\" Fernand's face took on a disdainful glower. \"Oh let me guess. This baby, you'll tell me is my bastard son. Well I'm quite through supporting bastard children, and besides, I have no money presently\". \"No, no monsieur. This baby belongs to Edmund Dantes\". Fernand's smile evaporated and was replaced by a look of suppressed rage with a dash of confusion. \" You've got to be kidding me \" he thought. \"Then why in heaven's name do you need to see me?\" \"You were his friend and I thought you might like to meet him— \"Well I don't, and I can't imagine why you'd think I would now get out of my sight wench.\" The angered young woman scurried off. Fernand was too far into the Scotch to consider the peculiarity of the exchange. He dispensed with the glass and reached straight for the bottle. After draining it in another long draught, he dabbed the clammy, drunk-sweat from his face with the absurd cuffs of his shirtsleeves. He stood up from the table and headed to the bar for a fresh carafe. He felt like he was standing on the prow of a cargo ship being drawn into a whirlpool, but he managed to reach the bar. As he waited for the barkeep to bring him a bottle he heard a female voice shriek: \"Fernand!?\" He turned to regard her. \"Madame?\" He was feeling just a might too terrible to attempt to charm her. \"Do you remember me?\" Fernand gave a slight shrug. \"Paris?\" \"Paris? I'm afraid you just made this memory exercise even more challenging.\" \"I just wanted to thank you for that amazing dinner party you hosted…where I met the Count of Monte Cristo\". Fernand was speechless. His piercing blue eyes took on a vacant quality. He reached for the fresh bottle. \"Never have I met such a gentleman before. He was just the most breathtak- \"I'm glad I could be of service, my dear\" he said as he boozily waved to her with bottle in hand cutting the conversation short. He made his way back to the table. It was a good thing he had been a sailor, otherwise he never would have made it. Fernand slowly opened up the new bottle, beginning to think even he couldn't handle that much alcohol. As he contemplated exactly how much more he could drink, a well-dressed older gentleman approach his table. \"I swear if you bring some news of Edmund Dantes, or any of his bastard children I will run you through.\" The well-dressed man laughed amicably. \"No monsieur, I'm here to see you.\" Fernand gestured for the man to sit down. \"Would you like a drink?\" \"No, thank you.\" Fernand smirked as he poured a little into his glass—he decided to be a little more decorous with a guest at the table. \"You really don't look well, monsieur\". Fernand found the over-concern more laughable than offensive. \"I admit, I have looked better. But don't worry, it's not going to kill me.\" The older man's gaze never left Fernand's eyes. He was beginning to feel unsettled. \"No, indeed it cannot…because you are already dead.\" This declaration caused Fernand to choke on the shot. \"Listen you daft old man, leave me in peace. Everyone in this tavern seems intent upon upsetting me.\" \"I can prove it to you.\" With this the older man reached forward across the table. Fernand reflexively leaned back and reached for his sword handle—he wasn't wearing it. \"Where is my sword!?\" The older man paused and gave Fernand a reassuring gaze and gently drew open the left side of Fernand's tail coat—revealing a deep, nasty gash. Fernand gazed down bewildered, more than terrified. \"You'd think I'd remember something that serious,\" He slowly touched the gaping wound. \"Fatal, in fact. Unless your heart is situated somewhere other than the left side of your chest\". Fernand's ears perked up at the phrase. It began to dawn on him just how bizarre the place was. Madame Toville would never be in such a place, and she never had an affair with the Count. The strange older man seemed to have personal knowledge of Fernand's greatest hits and, as he reflected on it, he couldn't even remember how he got there in the first place. \"I suppose this is my own personal hell, then? An eternal alcoholic stupor interrupted by Edmund Dantes' fanclub?\" \"Actually, monsieur, you should be very relieved. This is your own personal purgatory. You just made the cut\" \"I'm hard pressed to tell the difference,\" he replied as he looked down at the ugly wound. \"Oh there is a significant difference, my friend. Once you serve your time here, you get to enter eternal paradise. Of course, it is unpleasant to be confronted with your own misdeeds and personal fears, but Hell, I'm afraid, is a one stop shop.\" Fernand smirked a little and observed, \"So this is like prison, then?\" The older gentleman straightened in his chair. \"Yes—not unlike the Chateau d'If.\" He stared into Fernand's eyes for emphasis. More resigned than angry Fernand replied: \"St. Peter must have a sense of humor.\" The older smiled a little. \"A sense of justice. Which, in fact, is why you are here. You weren't always so bad Fernand Mondego. And, truth be told, you got a bit of a raw deal yourself.\" \"I did, didn't I?\" Fernand said genuinely agreeing. \"Not really, but your wife should have been honest with you from the beginning. Paternity fraud will earn you a little time here to be sure.\" Fernand felt a little more sober, even eager, to understand what he had to do next. \"Well how long must I stay?\" \"Let's see\", the older man began as he tried to recall all of Fernand's misdeeds, \"you got your best friend put into a miserable prison, you murdered a man, piracy, corruption, you ignored your wife and child— \"Not my child—I believe we already established that\" \"You didn't know that and besides there is more. Serial infidelity, oh and you shot your wife— \"-who was leaving me\" \"Not an excuse.\" \"So I can expect to be here some time then?\" \"However long it takes for you to become the man who was Edmund Dantes' greatest friend.\" \"Of course it would come back to him…well what should I do to start?\" Fernand said as the older gentleman rose from the table. \"It's complicated,\" this clear reference to his own words cut Fernand to the quick. \"But you will figure it out.\" The man rose from the table and took the bottle of Scotch. \"You can start by swearing off this stuff. Got you into enough trouble,\" with that, he strode off. Fenrand was once again alone with his drunken misery sans the comfort of another glass of Scotch. He decided it wouldn't do much harm to have one more bottle so he made his way back to the bar with as much dignity as he could muster (not that it really mattered given the setting) and asked the barkeep to bring him one more. \"Sorry, monsieur, we are all out.\" Fernand's heart sank. \"Purgatory indeed.\" ","Summary":" Fernand Mondego stared off blankly into the crowded, noisy tavern as he drained another glass of Sc"},{"Movie":"Count of Monte Cristo","Title":"A New shot at Life","Author":"NWszolek2010","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7825173","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After The Château... Edmond, Mercedes Albert and Jacapo are home in their Mansion, They are very happy they are at peace. I own nothing. \"Edmond I need you...\" \"Mercedes, What is it...\" \"I Feel Faint...\" she ran over to the open window and threw up... \"Mercedes!\" Edmond ran over to his wife catching her just before she fell over... \"Albert get a doctor! Your mother is ill, can you hear me darling.\" he scooped her up and laid her on the bed \"uhhhhhhhh, darling I think I'm fine now...\" \"No, the doctor is on his way He is going to take a look at you, I will not risk your health.\" \"father, the doctor is here, Do you want me to fetch Jacapo..\" \"there is no need to bother him, thank you for coming so quickly...\" \"Countess Dantes, can you tell me how you are feeling?\" \"Call me Mercedes and I was feeling as if I were about to pass out and then I was sick... I haven't experienced such terrible spells since...\" A smile came about her very quickly. \"Since When Mother?\" \"Since I was first pregnant with you. oh Doctor is it possible? She wanted Edmond to experience the joy of raising a child with her. \"I will have to examine you further; however a woman knows her body better than a doctor at times...\" \"we will leave alone so that you can do so Doctor, I love you Mercedes...\" \"Could Mother really be pregnant...\" \"Anything is possible\" \"But father, at her age, it's just not healthy for women to have children, even for young women, it's hard... I'm worried for her...\" \"Do not dwell on the things that scare you my son, your mother has survived worse things than Childbirth...\" Edmond embraced his son. \"What things father..\" \"Well for starters she was very ill as a child, One night she developed a very high fever, many were sick in those days, but after a few days, the fever just ceased... your mother is the strongest woman I have ever met..\" \"I've decided that I want a little sister...\" \"Now Albert, know this, first of all, I could never love a child more than I love you, if we were to have another son, he would not replace you... I wish I could have been there for every moment of you life. The Moment your mother revealed that you and I were father and son I was filled with so much unending happiness. you are my pride and joy\" \"I know, I just would like to see you fuss over a little girl instead of trying to protect me all of the time, I am an adult you know...\" he said jokingly \"Count Dantes, your wife appears to have a gift...\" \"hmm?\" \"Her assumptions were correct, congratulations!\" oh my dear lord, you are blessing me again... do I deserve such gifts, I am not complaining though... Edmond thought to himself... \"Edmond, Albert...\" \"Oh my dear, is it true?\" he embraced \"Yes Edmond... Albert, how do you feel about this my son?\" \"I just want happiness for you and Father... But I am scared for your health\" \"You have nothing to worry about Albert..\" Edmond layed beside Mercedes in their bed, something he had just recently gotten used to. He couldn't help but start to cry. \"Edmond, my love, are you alright?\" \"Yes, I am just so happy, you have filled my heart with so much joy it is begining to overflow...\" \"when you came back into my life I just knew we were going to be happy for the rest of me life.\" \"And now we get another child to watch grow... oh how I wish I could have been there for you and Albert...\" He starts to weep harder.. \"you had to endure all that pain without me...\" \"None of that can be changed my love...\" \"And when I was so blinded by revenge, I put my son in a dangerous situation I had him kidnaped and tied up, he must have been so scared, I almost killed him when he fought against me, and if you had not shown up, our son would be dead...\" he was still filled with remorse over this, the thought of him almost killing his own son just to get revenge ate him up every day even though Albert had taken an immediate liking of him. He just couldn't forgive himself. \"He is not angry with you, he loves you so very much and besides, It would have been My fault for not telling you that night, the night that we made this little one...\" she smiled and pulled him in for a kiss. Edmond scooted his body down, positioning his head on Mercedes' stomach. \"This baby is a second chance for me to be a father and words can't even begin to describe how happy I am to have you, this baby and Albert in my life... I would endure all the pain again, every scar on my back every briuse every bit of sadness was worth coming back to you!\" Both with tears streaming down their faces they began to kiss. Edmond with one hand on Mercedes' stomach and the other behind her head. \"I love you so much.. \"We Love you to Edmond\" \"Good morning Father, Mother, Jacapo\" All were in the dining room ready for breakfast. \"So how are you feeling mother?\" \"I'm feeling fine.. Jacapo there is a reason we called you down to breakfast so early, We wanted you to be the first thing to know..\" \" Yes Countess...\" \"Please call me Mercedes Jacapo, we have discussed this!\" \"My apologies Mercedes, what is it that you wish to tell me?\" \"Edmond and I are expecting another baby!\" \"Zatara! This is wonderful\" \"I know Jacapo, we are so happy and we have discussed this and are in agreement, we would like you to be our child's God- Father.\" \"It would be my pleasure Zatara...\" He lay there gazing at her pregnant form. She had just bathed and was putting on her night clothes. In a few months he was going to be a father again and this time he would be damned if he missed a single moment of it. he watched as Mercedes placed a hand on her stomach and start to cry. Edmond leaped from the bed, \"What's wrong my love is it the baby..\" \"No, nothing is wrong, the baby is leaping in my belly, come feel.\" He didn't hesitate, \"my goodness, our little girl seems so happy\" \"girl... you seem so certain...\" \"I'm Never wrong, even when I'm Wrong\" He smiled coyly \"We will see\" A/N What do you think, Comment and I will continue… Hope you like it ","Summary":" After The Château... Edmond, Mercedes Albert and Jacapo are home in their Mansion, They are very ha"},{"Movie":"Count of Monte Cristo","Title":"He's my son","Author":"erica.phoenix16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11115035","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own any characters. The Count of Monte Cristo belongs to Dumas. The 2002 film adaption belongs to Touchstone. \" Albert, you are the son of Edmond Dates. The man you know as the Count of Monte Cristo.\" The words Mercedes said rang through Edmond, a.k.a the Count of Monte Cristo's ears. All these years of careful planning and scheming could not have prepared the count for this. When he spotted Fernand attempting to disappear from France, he challenged Fernand to duel, eager to take revenge on the man for ruining his life. But then, during the duel between himself and Fernand, Albert intervened, preparing to defend his father with his life. Edmond didn't want to kill the boy, but he would, if Albert interfered with his vengeance…at least until Mercedes arrived and uttered the words that shocked both himself and Albert to the core. All this time…I had a son. Albert is my son. Albert is my son. Edmond thought to himself, her words echoed through his mind. Suddenly Mercedes's choice to marry Montago, after he was taken away made perfect sense. She never betrayed him at all; she was trying to protect their son! His son! As he looked at Albert, a wave of emotions pasted through him, Surprise, joy, releaf and regret. He never imagined that he would be a father, Edmond thought all those years in the Chateau d'lf had robbed him of that chance to start a family with Mercedes. But he already did without realizing it. What luck! Then he remembered how he planned to use Albert as a tool of revenge against his father. He allowed Lugi and his bandits to nearly cut off his finger! If it wasn't for Mercedes, the count would've killed his own son, his own flesh and blood! Then Edmond's mind flashed back to Albert's birthday party. Fernand had refused to make the birthday toast, choosing business over family. So, he himself stepped in and made the birthday toast. Life is a storm, my young friend. You will bask in the sunlight one moment, be shattered on the rocks the next. What makes you a man is what you do when that storm comes. You must look into that storm and shout as you did in Rome. Do your worst, for I will do mine! Then the fates will know you as we know you: as Albert Mondego, the man! Edmond recalled. Yes, though Edmond wished he could've witnessed it, Albert had grown up to become a fine young man. Edmond was proud of the man Albert had become; proud that he was a kind hearted man, proud that Montago's influence hadn't corrupted him. Albert had grown close to him enough that Albert thought of the count as a father figure, what did he think of him out that he knew the truth? Had he known that Albert was really his son, then he would've found a way to get Montago without putting the boy at risk. This almost caused a few ripples in Edmond's perfect plan, almost. He would have to adapt, which was something that the count of Monte Cristo was quite good at. My vengeance isn't worth it. Not it means harming Albert. Edmond decided. Out of respect for Albert's idolization of Montago, he would let him go. Edmond would take Jacopo, Mercedes and Albert. They would escape to a place where could put this mess behind them. Hopefully he could learn from Mercedes what he had missed during Albert's childhood, atone for Albert and putting him at risk. Then maybe he and Albert could have the father-son relationship they should've had. Would he forgive him for what he had done? Maybe? But he had to try for Mercedes's sake at least. She wanted all three of them to be a family, and if that's what she wanted, that's what he'll do. Besides, he was looking forward to getting to know Albert, learn what his favorite activities are, his favorite foods and drinks. Oh there was so much about his son he didn't know, but he looked forward to the challenge and the Count of Monte Cristo always enjoyed a good challenge. ","Summary":" I do not own any characters. The Count of Monte Cristo belongs to Dumas. The 2002 film adaption bel"},{"Movie":"Count of Monte Cristo","Title":"The Count of Monte Cristo: Edmond's and Mercédès's Lost Love","Author":"TJ Jordan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9244174","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Count of Monte Cristo: Edmond's and Mercédès's Lost Love Okay, this will be my fifth fandom and also my very first one-shot story. It was a little idea that came to my mind about a certain scene in the Count of Monte Cristo movie. The story will revolve around when Mercédès confronts Edmond at his mansion. I plan to use a little bit of the 2002 movie in this story, while at the same time, putting in some new stuff. I want to go into more detail about Edmond's and Mercédès's lost love, and also how they both come to realize that they cannot truely live without each other. The point of view will be on Mercédès only. Well, please relax and enjoy the story! Summary: Sixteen years after being separated, Mercédès awaits for the Count of Monte Cristo inside his own bedroom. Taking the chance to win back her long lost love, Mercédès will have to fight the dark corners of Edmond's hatred and revenge. Can she save her long lost love? Retold and redone, experience a whole version of the Edmond's and Mercédès's love story. Long Lost Love Mercédès sat in the bedroom of the Count of Mounte Cristo's mansion. Her hands were in her lap. Her legs crossed together. She sat next to the doors of the bedroom and waited. Everything felt so strange to her. Her emotions were out of control. Excitement. Anger. Saddness. Love. They were all moving inside her. Making her stomach feel like it had butterflies inside. And her heart... her heart felt warm. It spread all across her body as she sat on the chair. Even in the darkness of the room, she had adjusted to it and could see much better. She noticed the furniture, the bed, and the large space across the floor. Mercédès knew that this room and the entire mansion didn't just belong to the Count of Monte Cristo. It all belonged to her long lost love . The one man who vanished over sixteen years before. The one man who pleased her more than anything. The one man who remained true to her. Edmond Dantès! The very name in her thoughts made her heart jump. She shivered and felt it fly across her spine. It was an uncontrolable reaction. She couldn't help it, even if she wanted to. Oh, Edmond! she cried to herself. What has happened to you? It was a few weeks ago that she had believed the Count of Mounte Cristo to be Edmond. She thought that she knew it for sure. The Count arrived at their mansion for her son's birthday party. He had saved her son's life in Rome a few weeks before, and his invitement to the party was for repayment for his kindness and bravery for saving her son. Mercédès was dazzled by the Count's charms. But it wasn't the charms that got her full attention, it was the fact that his eyes and his face ressembled Edmond in almost every way, except for the beard and mustasche of course. She almost believed him to be Edmond. Almost. But... then, at dinner, she noticed the way he played with his hair. That was when she almost knew for certain. Mercédès remembered when Edmond would always play with his hair. She once told him that doing that would make him go bald. And seeing the Count, who had his face and eyes, doing the exact same thing, her heart came to live after nearly sixteen years of almost being dead on the inside. She remembered when she confronted him in his carriage after the party that night. Mercédès watched as the Count walked up the steps and into the carriage. He signaled the rider and his servant, Jacapo, to head on home. At first, he didn't notice her. She was consealed by the darkness of the night, and the color of her dress made her invisible. Even the veil over her face helped. But it didn't take long for the Count to realize the presence of someone else. It was almost like he was always on alert. This was unusal for Edmond, as she once knew him. He was always enjoying life that he never noticed things like this. The Count looked her way and immediatley saw her. Mercédès removed her veil, exposing her face and looked into his eyes. Tears were beginning to form. Some part of her saw excitement in the Count's eyes. Like he was happy she was with him. He was allowing himself to be vulnerable for the moment. She moved to the other side of the carriage and moved down towards the Count. Her side came next to his and something rushed across her body as her body touched his. Without a word, she leaned forward and kissed him, her eyes closed. She thought her entire body was melting. Her heart stopped and jumped. The Count didn't pull back. He kissed her back and moved his gloved hand up to her face. Finally, they both pulled away, but she kept her hands on his clothes, not wanting to let go. \"Oh, Edmond!\" she whispered against his chest and allowed the tears to fall. \"I thought you were dead.\" She paused and looked into his eyes. \"Villefort told me that you had been executed.\" The Count didn't seem shocked or surprised. He stared at her and moved his hand away from her cheek. Suddenly, he said, \"Did he?\" It sounded more of a statement than a question. Like he already knew about it. In fact, it sounded like he was admitting to be Edmond Dantès. Mercédès's heart started racing. She could feel the every fiber in her body rejoicing and begging to have him. She wanted to be as close to him as possible. \"Oh, God! I've missed you so much!\" Mercédès cried out. She pressed forward, trying to kiss the Count once more. She for sure thought that this was her long lost Edmond. The Count held her back, refusing to let her come any closer. Instead of embracing her, he said, \"Countess, you are mistaken.\" He turned his head towards the door and commanded to his driver, \"Back to the Mondegos!\" The carriage could be felt turning around on the road. Heading back towards the Mondegos estate. Fear and shock ran through Mercédès mind and heart. 'Why is he doing this?' she asked herself. \"No!\" she protested, grabbing a hold of his clothes again, tightening her grip. \"I won't leave you! You are not leaving me again! Not again!\" The Count turned back to her and smiled, gently. The smile had effect on Mercédès , but it did nothing to keep her quiet. \"I beg of you, Edmond! Take me with you! I can't be without you again!\" The Count seemed to ignore her and said, \"You have mistaken me for someone else. I am only protecting your reputation. I am just trying not to dishonor you.\" His voice was calm and kindness. Mercédès didn't back down. She somehow knew it was Edmond. He was trying to confuse her. \"I don't care how you've returned! You will always be my Edmond! I love you so much! Always have! Always will!\" She leaned forward again, this time, hard. The Count had amazing strength as he held her back. \"I am not this Edmond!\" he raised his voice a little bit. Finally, Mercédès exploded. Anger and fustration all came at once. Tears began to fall even harder now. \"STOP IT! STOP IT! STOP IT!\" she yelled and cried. \"I can't take this anymore!\" She brought her hands over her face and sobbed. The Count looked away, almost like he regretted hurting her feelings. 'Is this my Edmond?' Mercédès asked herself. 'Or is he just a man who ressembles him? Has God sent this man to torment me of my lost love?' \"What are you?\" Mercédès looked at the Count, bringing her hands to her lap. \"So, what are you? A spirit? Some ghost, sent to torment me? Is that what you are?\" The Count showed hurt in his eyes but he remained firm. \"This Edmond, you loved?\" the Count asked. The question stunned Mercédès , but she answered, \"Yes! With all of heart! Soul! And spirit! I loved him!\" \"For hold long?\" \"For all of my life! I never once thought the opposite! I will always be his true love!\" The Count swallowed and looked down, but quickly looked back up at her. \"And how long...\" he paused. \"... how long after he died, did you married the count?\" The question came hard at Mercédès . It shocked her that he would even ask that. Was it that hard for him to realize the truth of why she married Mondego in the first place? She sacrificed a lot in order to secure her family's future. \"That isn't fair!\" she protested. \"I thought you were dead! I didn't have any way of securing my future! I had no one to cry on! Mondego was nice to me, at first! I thought I could at least be happy and secure my future! But, I was wrong! My excuse of a husband, Fernand, has cheated on me! He has been disloyal!\" \"I. Am. Not. This. Edmond.\" The Count stated, but not yelled. \"I am sorry that my face reminds you of this Edmond. But...\" He paused, he made a small gasp, but Mercédès didn't hear it. \"But, you need to let go of him. Move on.\" Mercédès shook her head, refusing to listen to him. \"I can't move on!\" she protested, moving closer to him again. \"I lost the will to move on when I thought my one true love was dead!\" The carriage came to a stop at the front entrance of the gates of the Mondegos mansion. \"We've reached your home, Countess,\" the Count said, looking straight at her, showing no regret. He pushed open the door of the carriage before his servant could and got out, stepping to the side and using his arm to present her the way. Mercédès slowly, but sadly, got out of the carriage and walked forward. Then she turned to look at the Count, who was paying her no attention. Not daring to look into her eyes. 'This can't be him!' she tried to convince herself. 'The Edmond I knew would never do this! Not my Edmond!' \"Your right,\" she said to him. The Count didn't look back at her still. \"You cannot be my Edmond!\" she stated. \"My Edmond died a long time ago!\" The Count seemed to smile, but only at her last comment. \"There!\" he said to her, still not daring to look into her eyes. \"You said it yourself, 'Edmond Dantès is dead'. Good night.\" Mercédès sighed and breathed in the cold, night air. She swallowed down the words that the Count had said and turned away. \"You're right,\" she forced herself to say. \"Edmand is dead. He will never be mine again.\" With that, she walked away. Never looking back. Tears falling from her cheeks and her heart broke into two. Mercédès could still remember that moment. It was a painful memory. One that was sure to haunt her life once more. How she came to realize that the Count was Edmond, was actually more simple that she thought. It was back when they were outside the carriage that proved her suspicions. She only mentioned the name ' Edmond' to the Count. Not once had she ever mentioned his last name, ' Dantès'. She realized it when she remembered her conversation with him. That was when she realized the Count's true identity. It was the one proof that helped her realize it. My Edmond is alive! she said to herself. After all this time! There was so much to tell him. But there was one thing that she for sure, needed to tell him. One that she has kept from her own husband and friends. Her son, Albert, was actually the son of Edmond Dantès. She was pregnant by the time that Edmond was arrested and taken away. She married Fernand so that she could protect her name sake and her son's reputation. She also wanted to make sure that her own son was not named a bastard by society. Her marriage was a way to protect her family and her son. No one else. Mercédès remembered that one night that she and Edmond spent together, sixteen years ago. It was right after he had arrived from his last voyage and was named captain of the ship he was on. They celebrated by swimming in the secluded part of the sea-side of Marseille and also, making love for the very first time. It was also there that Mercédès made the promise to keep a piece of string on her marriage finger for him, never to take it off for any reason. And to this day, she still has it on her finger. Suddenly, the door to the room swang open. Mercédès almost jumped a little bit. She looked over to see who it was. Making sure that she was consealed by the shadows. The Count of Monte Cristo walked forward. He rubbed his forehead as he moved towards the bed. Mercédès's heart jumped when she saw him. Her own body shivered by looking at him. Because now, she fully knew who he was. There was no changing that now. She shot up from the chair, moving as fast as she could. Fearing that he may disappear from her again. \"Edmond!\" she cried in a quiet voice, full of worry and love. The Count turned towards her, his sword drawn and pointing directly at her, expecting an attack. She stopped at the sight of his sword but ignored it. She removed the veil that was covering her face. She stared into his eyes. Fully recognizing his soul. The Count lowered his sword and sighed. \"I thought we had finished our conversation in the carriage,\" the Count said, almost like he was suspecting her to leave. Mercédès blinked and said, \"So did I. I really thought so too.\" She moved foward, coming closer to him. The more closer she got, the more she could feel the warmth of his skin, even from a foot away. It made her heart race and jump. \"Until I realized...\" she paused. \"... you said the name, Dantès.\" She came to a stop, about a few inches from him. Every fiber in her body begged for him. She wanted to kiss him. To hold him. To make love to him. She wanted him so bad. \"A name that I have never mentioned,\" she stared into his eyes. \"I know it is you, Edmond. Nothing can convince me otherwise.\" The Count sighed and turned away from her, walking away. He threw his sword across the floor and began to take off his trench coat. \"What do you want of me?\" he asked harshly, not facing her. Mercédès swallowed. Hurt by his tone of words. She walked forward, trying to keep up with him. Without thinking, she said, \"I want to be free of you.\" The words weren't true to her. She never meant to say them. It was her way of trying to capture his attention once more. \"The way you are so obviously are free of me,\" she forced the words out. Finally, the Count came to a stop and threw his coat onto the sofa away from him. \"Just a few answers from you and I shall be gone forever.\" Everything she said right there was not true. She could never leave him again. Her love for him was too strong to resist. Even when she was told of his '' death \", she found life to be hard without him. She even considered suicide, until she found out about her pregnacy. When the birth of Albert came, Mercédès found a reason to live for. Her son was a piece of Edmond, one that helped her continue to live on. He reminded her so much of Edmond, that she would sometimes find herself calling him that. It was a miracle that Fernand never found out about Albert not being his son. The Count turned around and looked in the eyes again. \"Ask you questions!\" he said harshly again. \"Then be gone!\" Mercédès held back the tears and turned away from him. She walked towards a sofa and sat down. She looked up at him and felt her heart breaking again. Finally, she asked, \"Where have you been?\" The Count remained quiet for a while and said, \"Thirteen years on the Château d'If. And any other hell-hole you can imagine.\" Mercédès gasped. She knew about that prison. It was considered a living hell of all the prisons in Europe. She sobbed and wiped away the tears. \"Château d'If, for thirteen years?\" still shocked. She continued to look at him and asked, \"Did you suffer?\" The Count scoffed and said, harshfully, \"Are you finished now?! Because, I got a really good deal on a mind right now!\" He paused. \"What else do you want to know? I don't have all night!\" He turned away from her and walked towards the window, where the full moon was shinning in. Mercédès felt anger rushing through her. She couldn't believe that he had changed this much. Let alone, trying to get rid of her like this. \"What happened afterwards?\" she asked, succeeding in covering her anger tone. The Count stopped at the window, still not looking at her, and said, \"Much.\" Now the anger came. Mercédès flew up from the sofa and ran forward. She faced him and stood in the moonlight from the window. \"WHY DID YOU NOT COME TO ME?!\" she yelled. \"We could have ran away together!\" The Count's face lit up red and he pressed his face into hers. \"WHY DID YOU NOT WAIT?!\" he yelled back. \"YOU MARRIED THE VERY MAN WHO BETRAYED ME!\" He paused. \"A MONTH! ONE MONTH WAS ALL IT TOOK FOR YOU TO MOVE ON TO THE NEXT GUY! MY OWN ENEMY!\" Tears came down Mercédès's cheeks. She couldn't believe that he would yell at her like that. But what shocked her more, was that his eyes were filled with hatred and saddness. All consealed inside of him. Playing one last card, Mercédès broght up her hand, revealing the marriage finger that held the piece of sting that represented their love. The Count saw it and his mouth dropped. He was shocked at what he was seeing. \"Remember that night on the rocks?\" she asked. \"Remember?\" Tears were still coming. \"I promised that it will never leave my finger. And it never has.\" The Count looked into her eyes. Tears forming in his own eyes. \"Why?\" he barely asked. \"Why do you have thing? Even now?\" \"You know why,\" she stated. \"I love you. From the moment we were kids, I loved you. From the moment we started dating, I loved you. From the moment we made love sixteen years ago, I loved you.\" She paused. \"The moment I saw you again at Albert's party, I loved you. I still do. Even right now.\" For the first time, the Count was at a lost of words. He could barely speak. Finally, he said, \"If... if you ever loved me. If you truely did. Then... don't... don't rob me of my hate.\" He fought in vain to hold back the tears. \"It's all I have. I need my revenge. I don't need distractions to keep me off my path.\" Mercédès cried again. She could see the pain inside his eyes. \"Please,\" she begged. \"Let it go, Edmond. Just... let it go. I can see it inside your eyes. The pain. The suffering. The hatred. But you need to let it go. It will destroy you.\" The Count backed away, still crying. \"Please don't,\" he begged. \"You have no idea what you are doing.\" Mercédès pressed foward, trying to stay closer to him as possible. \"I don't know what dark plan or what revenge you may have stored away inside her heart. I also don't know why we were kept a part for these sixteen years. But I have suffered too. We both had to live without each other.\" She paused, her heart acked. \"But God has given us a second chance. He has rewarded our suffering by bringing us together once more. To finally make peace and renew our love for each other. I want to be with you, Edmond. Even if it costs me my life. I want to be with you.\" \"God?\" the Count asked, his voice full of anger. \"God has nothing to do with all that has happened. He has allowed it to happen.\" \"Don't slap His hand away,\" Mercédès protested. \"He has brought us back together. Don't deny our second chance because of our anger at the past. Take what we have now and use it. Please, I love you. I don't want to lose you again.\" \"Can I ever escape Him?\" the Count asked. Mercédès smiled and said, \"No, you can't. Either can I. That is the beauty of it. We can never escape Him. He is in everything. Everything.\" She paused and turned her head sideways a bit. She then moved forward. \"Even in a kiss.\" The Count stared into her eyes and watched as she came closer and closer. Finally, their lips met. She kissed him softly and slowly. Mercédès felt something inside her. It was like a rush of air, excep that it wasn't air. It was different from how it felt in the carriage. This kiss was filled with long lost love and happiness. Her body shivered by the kiss and her legs felt like they were about to give out. Then, the Count didn't something that she didn't see coming. He kissed her right back and threw his hand on the back on her neck, pulling her towards him. Mercédès followed along with him and kissed him harder. Her arms went around his neck and pulled him against her. Their bodies together as one. They pulled back and stared into each other's eyes. \"I love you, Mercédès,\" Edmond said. Not the Count, but Edmond himself. Her long lost love. Mercédès smiled and laughed with joy. She could feel her heart repairing, healing. She has never felt like this in over sixteen years. \"Oh, Edmond, I love you,\" she responded and pulled him towards her again. She kissed him harder than ever. Edmond kissed back, his hands tracing her body from her cheeks to her thighs. Mercédès started to take off his clothes. Starting with the buttons of his shirt. Edmond helped her with her dress, unzipping the back of it with his hands. She felt her dress beng discharged on to the wooden floor. She kicked off her shoes and helped take off his clothes. Taking their time, they finally stood in the middle of the room together. Their clothes laid across the floor and on some of the sofas. They kissed and laughed together. Mercédès couldn't help it. She pressed her body against Edmond's and felt his warm skin against hers. It made her shiver more violently. She lunged for him. It was like two magnics being pulled together. Finally, Edmond picked Mercédès up, arms around her waist, fully embracing her, and he carried her towards the bed. \"Make this night last,\" she said, stroking his hair. \"I want to have all of you again. Let us make this night last as long as we can.\" She paused, sighed. \"I love you so much.\" \"I love you so much too,\" Edmond brought his forehead on hers. He sat her down on the bed and crawled on to the bed right next to her. They kissed for a little while longer. Both of their right hands intertwined together, holding tight. \"We've been separated for so for long,\" Mercédès pulled the coveres over them. \"How did we survive without each other?\" She stroked his cheek and kissed him. \"I don't know,\" Edmond responded, kissing her back. \"And I don't want to know. All I care about is that we are together now. I love you. Nothing will take that away now. Not hatred. Not revenge. Not Fernand. Not Villefort. Not Danglars. No one will separate us ever again. I promise you.\" Mercédès smiled and said, \"I like the sound of that.\" She kissed him, one hand on his cheek. \"I'm happy that our love has survived all the obstacles in our lives. We were meant to be together.\" She tighten her grip around his waist. \"Make love to me.\" Edmond nodded and got on top of her. They kissed and made love through the rest of the night. Soon enough, they fell alseep in each other's arms, covered up by the blankets of the large king size bed. Mercédès awoke from a dream and saw Edmond's face right next to her own. His hand on top of hers. She smiled and leaned over. She kissed him on the cheek and then rested her head on his chest. For once in her life, Mercédès had finally found her Edmond. Who was, once again, sharing her bed... and her heart. She loved that their love was very real itself and had not died during the last thirteen years. It was real. Their love was real. One sent by God himself. Just like Adam and Eve. Two long lost lovers, back together once again. She didn't know what horrors or what dark fate lied before them. But one thing was for certain. They weren't separating ever again. Their love was never again going to be lost. They were going to make sure that nothing comes between them ever again. \"I love you,\" Mercédès whispered to him and fell back to sleep, still holding his hand, her body right next to his. How was that? Did you like my vision of this scene from the movie? Did this have more detail than the movie did? Well, I hope you romantics like it. Just for the record, even boys came be romantics too. Please review! I love them reading them! ","Summary":" The Count of Monte Cristo: Edmond's and Mercédès's Lost Love Okay, this will be my fifth fandom and"},{"Movie":"Count of Monte Cristo","Title":"There's More Than Meets The Eye?","Author":"loltextit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9154538","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Albert de Morcef popped his collar with bucket loads of swag as he slowly walked into the Roman Gaynival. He reached down to grab the hand of his beloved friend, Franz d'Epinay, but Franz was not in the mood for Albert's antics. Albert and Franz had just gotten into an argument about who has tighter pants to show off their family jewels, and now Franz was furious at Albert. Albert felt really horrible about the argument, especially since he has an undying passion for Franz. When they got into the carnival, Albert instantly wanted to go on the Ferris wheel. He asked Franz to go on with him, but Franz told him he didn't want to be stuck on a Ferris wheel car with him. Obviously, Franz hasn't forgiven Albert. Franz slowly galloped away into the sunset to get some cotton candy while Albert went on the Ferris wheel. Since there was only one car left, he had to get into a car with a stranger. After getting into the car, he realized he was paired with a very beautiful woman, but too bad Albert bats for the other team. She had long, black hair and a very distinctive jaw line. Albert felt a thud on the floor suddenly, and found a grapefruit on the floor. \"Aye shawty, is this cho grapefruit?\" Albert questioned the beautiful woman as he slowly picked up the grapefruit from the floor. \"Oh yeah, that's my chest... Warmer.\" \"What's a darn tootin' chest warmer?\" Albert pondered out loud. \"It's a thing to... Uh... Keep my chest warm...\" The beautiful woman said in a nervous tone. \"Sounds legitt.\" The Ferris wheel ride was long and Albert couldn't wait to be done with it so he could go tell Franz how sorry he was. He hoped that Franz would take him back. Suddenly, the beautiful woman who had ridden with him in the Ferris wheel stopped him. \"Would you like to spend the rest of the day at the Roman Gaynival with me?\" She asked in a sweet tone. \"#Sorrynotsorry gurl. I got my man to meet and apologize to,\" Albert said in a not – meant – to – be sassy tone. \"Oh, okay then. I was just thinking, maybe you liked me, but guess not...\" The beautiful woman said slowly turning away from Albert. \"Gurl, I bat for the other team!\" \"You mean to say-\" \"I like my women with flesh swords,\" Albert said with a sly smile on his face. \"Well you know-\" the 'women' started. \"K bai beyotch!\" Albert interrupted like the sassy butt cave he is. He immediately skipped off, leaving rainbow glitter on the ground behind him. The women started to hear \"Hollaback Girl\" by Gwen Stefani being played in the distance. Looking over, \"she\" saw Noirtier de Villefort having a diva-off with a Royalist General. She was positive GleeCon wasn't for another three weeks. ","Summary":" Albert de Morcef popped his collar with bucket loads of swag as he slowly walked into the Roman Gay"},{"Movie":"Count of Monte Cristo","Title":"A second chance","Author":"Gabbi77","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11005482","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This story is based on the 2002 movie „The Count of Monte Cristo\". The Count of Monte Cristo ~A second chance~ Fernand Mondego was dead. But Edmond was not completely relieved. His revenge had turned him into a murderer and he had almost gotten Mercedes and Albert killed. When Albert came running and knelt in front of the dead body, Edmond looked at him for a moment and the words that Mercedes had said before his final fight with Fernand, came back to his mind. Albert was his son. The boy whose kidnapping he had ordered in Rome, the boy whom he had been ready to kill in order to accomplish his mission of revenge, was his son. How was he going to win his affection after killing the man that Albert knew as his father? How could Albert ever forgive him and accept him as his father? With those questions plaguing his mind, he returned to Mercedes, leaving Albert behind to mourn and say goodbye to Fernand. Mercedes was not moving and her eyes were closed when Edmond returned to her. She had fainted, most likely because of the pain coming from her wound. He gathered her in his arms and held her close to his chest. Tears formed in his eyes and rolled on his face like waterfalls but he didn't stop them. „My love...\", he said in a low voice. „Forgive me for putting you and our son in danger...I would have never forgiven myself if anything happened to any of you...\" Albert was still on his knees in front of the dead body of the man he had been knowing as his father since he was born. He was crying, but not for Fernand. Yes, Fernand was the only father he had known until that day and the one who had raised him, but he was also the one who had wounded his mother and made him fight with his real father. „No\", he said wipping his tears. „I will not cry for you, Fernand Mondego. You were my father, the only father I knew. I loved you, I admired you, but you almost killed my mother and I will never forgive you for that. You knew who the count of Monte Cristo really was and you didn't stop me when I attacked him. And God knows what else you did in the past and how you managed to separate my parents and marry my mother despite the fact that she loved my real father and not you!\" „Albert! Come on, we must take your mother home!\" It was Edmond's voice calling out for him. „I'm coming! Just a moment!\" answered Albert getting up on his feet. „Goodbye count Mondego. May God have mercy on your soul\". He took one last glance at the dead body in front of him and then returned to his parents. Jacopo, who had been watching him the entire time, came after him. „Zatarra, I will bring the carriage\", he said and then he disappeared. „What about count Mondego? Are we going to let his body here?\" Albert knelt next to Edmond, who was still holding the unconscious Mercedes in his arms. „The gendarmes are on their way. They were coming to arrest him, but since he's dead...they will take the body\", said Edmond. Sadness and pain could be read in his eyes. Indeed, there was a history there that Albert knew nothing about. And he regretted that he had refused to listen that history. „I will never forgive him for hurting my mother and letting me fight with you...I'm sorry I didn't listen to you...\" Albert lowered his head and looked down ashamed. „Albert...He's dead now, just let it go...I couldn't forgive him either and I wanted revenge and look what I've done, I put you and your mother in great danger...\" „No...it was my fault, for being a fool. I came here because I wanted to leave the country with my father. When I arrived here, you were pointing your sword at him and I was sure you were going to kill him so I did what I thought it was right to do. I attacked you and I defended him. How wrong I was...\" „Look at me Albert. Don't ever say that again. It was not your fault, I'm the only responsible for everything that happened here. Me and my stupid revenge. You did what any good son would have done, you defended your father\". „You're wrong, I didn't defend my father, I attacked him, I was ready to kill him. And for who? For a man who called my mother a whore and then shot her! Well, I am indeed a good son!\" „What's done it's done and it can't be undone. You and your mother are both alive and safe and that's all I care about now\". Albert smiled sadly hearing those words. Ten minutes later, Jacopo returned with the carriage. Edmond carried Mercedes inside the carriage and put her on his lap. Albert sat on the other seat, facing his parents. Both father and son were silent. While Edmond didn't know what to say to his son, Albert had a lot of questions plaguing his mind. After a mental debate and hesitation whether to ask his questions or not, he finally spoke. „Count...you mentioned a history that I do not know and revenge...and I have so many questions to ask you...What happened? Where were you all this time? And if you and my mother loved eachother and had me, then why did she marry Fernand Mondego?\" „It's a long and painful history. Do you really want to hear it?\" Edmond knew that his son deserved to know the truth, but a part of him didn't want to tell the terrible story of his life. The memories were too painful. „Yes, I really do. I'm part of that history and more importantly, I'm your son and I deserve to know why my father was not with me and my mother all these years, don't you think?\" answered Albert. Any trace of his earlier hesitation was long gone from his mind. „You're right, you do deserve to know the truth. And I will tell you everything, but wait until we arrive home. I want your mother to hear this story too. Because I thought she had betrayed me too and I was wrong. So I have to explain everything to her...\" „Ok, I will wait. It must be hard for you, I imagine, but I need to know what happened, so thank you for accepting my request\". „Don't thank me. After hearing the story, you will probably hate me more than you already do\". „No...I don't hate you and I will not hate you after hearing the story either. I don't know your story yet, but what I do know, is that you had good reasons to get revenge. My heart tells me that I have to listen to you and not judge your actions\". Edmond smiled. He was glad that Albert was nothing like Fernand, despite having been raised by him. Meanwhile, the carriage passed through the gates at the Monte Cristo estate and stopped in front of the huge castle. Edmond took Mercedes to his room and laid her on the bed. Albert and Jacopo came with bandages and alcohol for Mercedes's wound, which Edmond tended himself. Then he tended his own wounds which he had gotten during his fight with Fernand. Twenty minutes later, Mercedes opened her eyes and she was relieved to see both Albert and Edmond by her side, safe and well. „Edmond...is Fernand dead?\" she asked with a trembling voice. „Yes...do you regret his death?\" answered Edmond. „Well...I hated him, I wanted him to pay for what he did to you, to us...but I never wished his death...\" „I didn't want him dead either. But it was the only way to stop him. I'm sorry...\" „No...I'm sorry...for being so weak, so naive...After you were taken, your father, Monsieur Morell, Fernand and I went to Villefort to plead for your innocence. Fernand defended you and swore that you were not guilty. I trusted him, I believed in his good intentions...and when I got that letter from Villefort announcing your execution, he was there for me, he comforted me...how could I be so blind?\" „Sssh...it's not your fault. He planned and did everything with cold blood, with no remorses. First he got rid of me and then he played the role of the comforting friend and then it was easy to convince you to marry him. I don't blame you Mercedes for trusting him, because I trusted him too...when the gendarmes were trying to put me on a boat to take me to Chateau D'If, I managed to escape. I stole a horse and I ran to Fernand, to ask for his help. At the beginning he acted like he was going to help me, he even asked me if I needed money. But then he attacked me with a sword. I fought back, I tried to run away, but he kept me there until the gendarmes arrived\". Albert was listening to his parents and he couldn't believe what he was hearing. He remembered that Fernand tried to convince him that Edmond wanted Mercedes and she had chosen him, Fernand. But it was the other way around. It was Fernand the one who wanted Mercedes, but she had chosen Edmond. So Fernand got Edmond out of his way and then he had Mercedes for himself. „I was the one who talked about marriage first\", said Mercedes, interrupting her son's thoughts. „A month after you were taken, I discovered that I was pregnant with your baby. It was after I got the letter from Villefort. I thought you were dead and I didn't want our baby to be called a bastard. So I rushed the wedding with Fernand and when I told him I was pregnant, he was convinced that he was the father. I never told him the truth until today, when he was packing some things to leave the country and asked me to find „his son\" so we could leave together. Forgive me Albert, I should have told you the truth a long time ago...\" „Mother...I have nothing to forgive you, you were just trying to protect me, I understand that...\" „Well, now I will tell you the rest of the story, the things that none of you know. Mercedes, do you remember that night on the beach when you asked me if I was keeping secrets from you?\" „Yes, I remember. I asked you that because Fernand had told me that you had secrets\". „I didn't have any secret. But Fernand was reffering to a letter that Napoleon Bonaparte had handed me\". „A letter from Napoleon Bonaparte? Oh my God, that's why they accused you of treason! But Villefort also said that you killed one of his agents when they were trying to arrest you...\" „That's a lie. I didn't kill any agent. And you were there when I was arrested. I didn't try to resist when they took me, but I wanted to know the charges. And they said it was a classified information. They took me to Villefort, who interrogated me and then released me saying that I was innocent. That's until I told him who was supposed to get the letter that Napoleon had handed me. Villefort threw me in prison because the letter was for Monsieur Clarion, his father!\" „So he sent you to Chateau D'If to protect his father? But what did Fernand have to do with all this? You said he knew about that letter. And in God's name, how did you ever get to talk to Napoleon Bonaparte? He was exiled on Elba at that time!\" „When we were returning to Marseille, our captain got sick, he contracted fever and since we were close to Elba, we decided to land there and ask for help. The chief of the crew, Danglars, refused to go with us, so Fernand, me and the other men put the captain on a saving boat and we landed on Elba as planned. Fernand and I went on the beach to look for someone to help us and we saw the British soldiers. I almost got both of us killed there trying to get their attention. They attacked us but we were saved by Napoleon Bonaparte himself, who also had his doctor tend the captain. Later that night, I had a private conversation with Napoleon and he gave me that damn letter, saying that it was „just a sentimental letter from an old soldier to another\". He said that the British soldiers had the habit to open his mail, so he wanted me to deliver that letter to an old friend of him, named Monsieur Clarion, who was supposed to find me once I arrived to Marseille. Fernand saw when Napoleon gave me the letter but he pretended that he didn't know anything and since Napoleon had told me that nobody, not even Fernand, had to know about the letter, I didn't say anything either. And when we arrived to Marseille and I was made captain of the Pharaoh, Danglars was furious. So Fernand and Danglars became allies and because of their denunciation, I was arrested and taken to Villefort's office. And like I said before, he gave me permission to go home, but he changed his mind when I told him who was supposed to get the letter. He burned the letter and offered to drive me home in his carriage, but it was not his carriage and it was not taking me home, but to Chateau D'If, to be imprisoned for the rest of my life. And no my dear, he wasn't protecting his father, he was protecting himself. When I returned as the count of Monte Cristo, I used my relations and I found out that Fernand killed Monsieur Clarion in exchange for the letter which was announcing my execution\". Edmond stopped for a moment. Mercedes gasped in shock. Albert was pale but his eyes burned with anger. „You were taken to Chateau D'If, where you were supposed to spend the rest of your life. And yet you managed to escape. How? From what I've heard, nobody ever escaped from there\", said Albert trying hard to hide his anger. „That's true. I would have never made it if it wasn't for poor Faria...he came when I had no hope left. On my first day there, the governor of the prison whipped me so badly and he did it every year on the anniversary of the day I had been imprisoned, every single one of the thirteen years I spent in there. One day I wanted to hang myself, but something told me that I had to live. And then Abbe Faria appeared...he was digging a tunnel towards the outer wall but he ended up in my cell instead. And from then on, everything changed. In exchange for helping him to dig the tunnel, Faria teached me everything I know now, mathematics, economics, physics, reading and writing, the Italian language, he even teached me to fight with a sword and with my empty hands, he knew everything about weaponry because he had been in Napoleon's army before becoming a priest. Everything I know and I am now, I owe it to him. Poor Faria, he was as innocent as I was. And yet he had been in prison for eleven years when I first met him\". „And what happened next? How did you escape? And where is Abbe Faria now?\" asked Mercedes. „One day, we were in the tunnel, Faria was digging and I was studying. He suddenly stopped digging and showed me that there were plant roots in the ground, which meant that we were close to the outer wall. I went to take my chisel to help him dig, but as I was crawling back to him, the tunnel collapsed and he was caught under the rubble. I took him back to his cell but he was badly injured and I knew he wasn't going to survive. Before he died, he gave me a map, which was supposed to lead me to a treasure buried on the Island of Monte Cristo. I took it, but I didn't know what was the use of it, since I had no chance of escaping with the tunnel blocked. The jailors put him into a body bag and left him there while they were going after the governor. I had been hidden in the tunnel all that time and when they left, I came to see Faria for the last time and to say goodbye to him and that's when I got the idea which saved me from that hell. I took him in my cell and I took his place in the body bag. They threw me in the sea and that's how I escaped, but I had to drown the governor who had fallen off the cliffs with me. The next morning I woke up on a beach and that's how I met Jacopo. Jacopo was a smuggler and a thief. His chief, Luigi Vampa, wanted to bury him alive because he had kept some money for himself, instead of sharing them with the others. I saved his life and I asked Luigi to keep us both on his boat, which he did. So I became one of them, a smuggler and a thief. After three months, we stopped in Marseille and without knowing my story, Luigi told me that whatever happened to me, I wasn't going to make things right by staying on his boat. He gave me my part of money from the last gains and we parted our ways. I remained in Marseille with Jacopo, while Vampa and his crew sailed away to a new destination\". „You were a smuggler and a thief and then you became the count of Monte Cristo. How did you do that?\" asked Albert anxious. „After parting ways with Luigi and his crew, I sent Jacopo to buy a small boat, something to take us to the Island of Monte Cristo. Meanwhile, I visited Monsieur Morell and I introduced myself as Zatarra, the name that Luigi had given me. The news I got from him were terrible. He had been taken out of his business by Danglars after making him his partner, my father had hanged himself and you Mercedes, you had married Fernand, who had become a count after his father and brother died and you had moved to Paris. If there had been any doubt in my heart until that point, it vanished after I talked to Monsieur Morell. I was going to get my revenge and nothing could stop me anymore. The second day I went to the Island of Monte Cristo with Jacopo and I found the treasure in a cave, under the water. That's when I decided that I would become the count of Monte Cristo. Three years later, after travelling everywhere you could imagine, preparing myself and learning everything I needed to know as a count, I finally came to Paris to start my revenge. Jacopo bought this estate and organised a pompous party, at which my enemies were invited too, but only Villefort came, with his wife. I was told that Fernand didn't come because he was having an important appointment the next morning and he needed to rest\". „His important appointment was a duel with some count named Tourville. Forgive me mother, but that morning I woke up earlier than usual and I heard all the conversation. Count Tourville wanted a duel with him because count Mondego was having an affair with Madame Tourville. I also heard you when you said that there were three other women before her...Mother, why didn't you tell me? I admired that man and he turned out to be a traitor and a cheater...\" „He was the only father you knew, the image of a devoted father and I didn't want to take that away from you. Had I known that your real father would return to us, I would have told you everything a long time ago. Forgive me...\" Mercedes lowered her head and fresh tears rolled on her cheeks. „Oh mother...how much you must have suffered all these years...it's so unfair...he separated you from my father and married you, but for what? He wasn't even faithful to you...\" „He never loved me, it was just an obsession of him to have me...he was like a child who wanted a certain toy just because another child had it and once he got the toy for himself, he got bored of it...\" „I think we should stop this conversation, it doesn't make any good to any of us to continue...\" said Edmond. „But you didn't finish the story and you said you would tell me everything. So tell me, what happened next?\" asked Albert stubbornly. „Albert...what else can I say? Fernand became bankrupt because of me, he was about to be arrested and now he's dead, also because of me. Danglars and Villefort are in prison. As for me, I recovered my family but I'm about to lose it again...because I did a terrible thing in Rome and I know you won't forgive me for that...\" Edmond was so ashamed that he didn't dare to look at Mercedes or Albert. „You saved my life in Rome. Then we met again the next morning and had breakfast at your residence. That was the last time I saw you until you came to my birthday. So whatever you did, it had nothing to do with me...\" „You're wrong, it had everything to do with you. Because your kidnapping was planned!\" Both Albert and Mercedes gasped in shock. Edmond looked down. „My kidnapping...was planned...but why? It's obvious that you didn't want to kill me, but then what was your purpose?\" asked Albert confused. He wasn't angry, his heart was telling him not to judge his father's actions, just like he had told him when they were waiting for Jacopo to return with the carriage. „I will explain everything to you. When I arrived to Paris, I asked Jacopo to find out everything about my enemies, every single detail. One evening I found out about your existence and that you were going to Rome for the carnival. That's when I started to plan your kidnapping. I arrived in Rome a day before you and I talked to my old friend Luigi Vampa and told him what he had to do. You're right, I had no intention to kill you. I even warned Luigi that he would pay dearly for the smallest scratch on your skin and he assured me that nobody would touch you. When you came to me the next morning, you invited me to meet your parents so that they could thank me personally for saving you. That was my purpose. As for the little discussion between me and Jacopo concerning the Spada business, I was counting on you to tell Fernand about it and you did. I pushed the things further and invited Villefort at your birthday when I returned to Paris. And when I met him there, at your residence, I told him that I had a cargo coming to Paris and that I needed help with the formalities. Did you notice that Villefort was missing too during the toast and my speech? He was with Fernand, telling him that I had asked for his help. In exchange for that information, Fernand told him the information that you have given to him about the Spada business and together they planned to steal my gold, which was on the cargo that I was waiting for. Fernand got Danglars involved in the plan too and I caught Danglars just when he was ready to run with my gold and I got him arrested. The same night I visited Villefort, who was relaxing in his sauna and I made him confess that Fernand had shot his father in exchange for the damn letter announcing my execution. Since the gendarmes were hidden outside the sauna, they heard everything and they arrested him. There you go, I told you everything. I will not complain if you decide not to accept me as your father, because I know I deserve it. I had all the rights and reasons in the world to get revenge, but I had no right to go so far with it. So go ahead, tell me that you don't want to see me again and that I will never be your father!\" „Father! Father! Stop it! Stop this nonsense!\" yelled Albert grabbing his hand. Mercedes had tears in her eyes when she heard her son calling Edmond „father\". „What...what did you call me?\" Edmond looked in his son's eyes for the first time since they were in that room, his heart threatening to jump out of his chest. „Father\", repeated Albert. „I called you „father\". You are my father. My father!\" Albert threw himself in Edmond's arms, who hugged him tightly and held him like that for a long time. Three months later... The Monte Cristo residence was filled with more happiness and joy than ever. A little after the wedding, Mercedes announced Edmond and Albert that she was pregnant. Edmond was at the peak of happiness; he was going to be a father again and what made him even happier was that he had been given another chance to experience fatherhood with a new baby. Albert was delighted of the idea of having a little brother or sister and he was also happy for his father. He even decided that he wanted a little sister. Mercedes was often annoyed that her son and husband didn't let her do anything and they did everything for her instead. She would yell at them, telling them that she was just pregnant, not sick, but they would just laugh and ignore her complaints. One day, Edmond decided to visit Chateau D'If with his family. Jacopo drived them there. The moment he took the first steps on the island, painful memories came back to Edmond's mind. But it didn't hurt him, he felt relieved, as if a heavy burden had been lifted from his shoulders. „You were right priest...you were right...\", said Edmond stepping on the edge of the cliff where he had been thrown over and looked at the sea. „But I promise you...and God...all that was used for revenge will now be used for good...So rest in peace my friend...\" „So, Zatarra...\", said Jacopo approaching Edmond. „Is it painful?\" „No\", answered Edmond smiling with melancholy. He turned around and pulled Mercedes into an embrace, kissing her forehead. „I bought this place thinking that one day I would tear it down\", he continued. „But now the only things I care about...are walking on this island with me. Let's go home...\" He caressed his son's cheek and pulled both him and his wife into an embrace. They headed back to the carriage, with Jacopo by their side. Later that day, they visited Fernand Mondego's grave for the first and last time. „You took everything from me, Fernand\", said Edmond kneeling in front of the grave. „But God was so merciful with me. Mercedes is pregnant and if I couldn't be by her side when Albert was born, nobody and nothing will keep me away when this new baby will be born\". He stood up and touched Mercedes's still not visible belly. „Everything you stole from me is mine again, now and forever\". A few tears escaped from Mercedes's eyes and she put her hand on top of her husband's hand. Albert was quiet but his father's words touched him deep in his heart. And yet, he couldn't stand to be there any longer. He hugged his parents and returned to the carriage, where Jacopo was waiting. Seeing the sad look on the boy's face, Jacopo patted his shoulder. „Let it go Albert. It will pass with the time\", he said in an effort to comfort the troubled boy. „I'm fine Jacopo. I just don't like that my parents insisted to visit Mondego's grave. Why tormenting themselves like that?\" „I know. I told Zatarra the same thing but he didn't listen to me. He said he had to do this, it was the only way to let the past behind once and for all\". „Maybe he's right. But I still don't like that he and mother brought me here too\" Albert said crossing his arms. Meanwhile, Edmond and Mercedes left Fernand's grave and returned to the carriage. „Take us home Jacopo\", said Edmond opening the door for his wife. \"Oh and I'm planning to make a trip at the end of the week, so make all the arrangements needed\" he added getting inside the carriage after his wife and son. „You're making a trip, father? Where?\" asked Albert with curiosity. „Yes my son. I'm going to Marseille\", answered Edmond. „Marseille?\" asked Mercedes. „Why are you going to Marseille?\" „I want to visit Monsieur Morell. When I visited him the last time and he told me what Danglars did to him, I decided that I would buy the company from Danglars and return it to its rightful owner, Pierre Morell. I bought the company and now I want to give it back to Monsieur Morell. Besides, the last time, the poor man didn't recognise me and I think he would be so happy to see me again after so many years. Especially after I told him myself that Edmond Dantes was dead...\" „Oh father, then he will deffinitely be happy to see you. And I would deffinitely love to see Marseille, the place where my parents were born. Can I go with you please?\" Albert had a childish expression on his face which made his father laugh. „Of course you can come. I wasn't going to leave without you and your mother. So what does the countess of Monte Cristo say?\" asked Edmond looking at his wife with a look full of love. „The countess says...that we're going to Marseille!\" answered Mercedes with a wicked smile. Edmond kissed her and Albert turned red as a tomato. „Don't do that in front of me!\" he said covering his eyes. His parents started to laugh. „Hmmm...you were not ashamed when that mysterious attractive lady kissed you in Rome\", said his father amused. „What?! How did you...Argh! Of course you know, you planned everything! What a shame, my first kiss, my very first kiss, planned by my father!\" said Albert pretending to be annoyed. „Not exactly. I did tell her to lure you into the catacombs, but the kiss was her idea\". Albert changed his expression of pretended annoyance into amusement. „Not exactly my plan for a first kiss, but still better than a first kiss planned by my father\". He started to laugh. At the end of the week they went to Marseilles as planned. It was a beautiful surprise for Monsieur Morell to find out that Edmond was alive and to see him again after so many years. Edmond told him the entire story and the old man was very saddened by the terrible story, but soon his saddness was replaced with happiness when he heard all the good news. Three days later, Edmond, his wife and his son were returning to Paris and Pierre Morell was entering in his old office at „Morell & co. Shipping\" once again as the owner. Six months later... After a very long labour, Mercedes gave birth to a beautiful, healthy baby girl, with blue eyes and black hair, just like her father and older brother. Edmond and Albert were waiting outside anxiously. They had heard the baby cry but the midwife was still inside the room and they were both dying to see the mother and the baby. „Congratulations to both of you\", said Jacopo happily. \"See? God never turned His back to you Zatarra\". Edmond smiled and patted Jacopo's shoulder. Right that moment, the midwife came out of the room and the excited father and son ran inside. Mercedes was laying in bed with the baby in her arms. A beautiful smile appeared on her face when Albert and Edmond approached the bed. „It's a girl\", she whispered. „And she has blue eyes like you two\", she continued smiling. „She's so beautiful, my love\", said Edmond with tears in his eyes. „Hello there\", said Albert bending above his little sister and kissing her forehead. „I'm Albert, your older brother\". Edmond and Mercedes smiled. „Would you like to hold her a little?\" asked his mother. „Yes, I would love to\", he answered and carefully took the baby in his arms. „Isn't she adorable, father?\" „Yes, she is. And she's beautiful like her mother\", said Edmond eyeing Mercedes. „Yes, but she looks so much like you, father. Doesn't she, mother?\" His mother answered with a smile. „The father would very much like to hold his daughter as well, if it's possible\", said Edmond, pretending to be jealous. Albert and his mother started to laugh. „Fine. There you go, father\", said Albert giving the baby to his father. Edmond took her gently in his arms and looked at her. „You brought us so much happiness, my little one\", he said with his eyes bathed in tears. „Thank you God, for allowing me to live such happiness\", he continued and then he kissed his daughter's forehead. THE END ","Summary":" This story is based on the 2002 movie „The Count of Monte Cristo\". The Count of Monte Cristo ~A se"},{"Movie":"Count of Monte Cristo","Title":"My Ring, My Past, My Edmond","Author":"PhantomProducer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3896929","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own The Count of Monte Cristo , the characters, or any of the locations thereof. It all belongs to the Dumas family and Touchetone Studios (lucky ducks). This is a movie-verse one shot concerning what was going through the mind of Mercedes after Albert's birthday, after her encounter with the Count of Monte Cristo. Feel free to read and review, and enjoy! As I stare at this hand, at my ring finger, the moonlight falls across the string laced around it. It is my engagement ring, signifying my undying love for Edmond Dantès. My Edmond, oh my Edmond… He was a man in love with life, with his happiness, and with me. I know this to be true; I know he loved me dearly. The love reflected in his eyes, in his smile, I could practically feel it pass from him to me in an instant. I would always return it threefold. His beautiful eyes, his dark hair which he would absentmindedly twirl, everything about him was wonderful. Then came the horrible day in which he was taken from my life. The day before that had started well enough, the Pharaon had return to port in Marseilles, and I ran to the docks to be with my love who was disembarking from the ship. Yet before I could be with him, he disappeared into Monsieur Morrel's offices, and Fernand was dragging me down to the rock. The rock was our special hideaway when we were children, for the three of us, but it also became the rendezvous point when mine and Edmond's love grew. Which must have disturbed Fernand to some degree, given how he would entreat me to give myself to him. Even if it was a jest, I could not take it as such. Fernand's words were truly appalling. He had been a dear friend for years, but as Edmond fell for me and me for him, he started to grow jealous of our joy. I could tell from the gleam in his eye, in his envious stomp as he would often leave Edmond and I behind for a drink in the town's taverns. He was the son of a count, and yet was the poorest of us all. He had the title of nobility and yet he had not the character. Quite detestable, really. I had refused, of course. I reminded him of the time when we were children and Fernand had received a lovely pony for his birthday. Even though he had the pony, he became jealous and obsessive over Edmond's birthday gift, which was a whistle. I told him outright that I would not be some toy, some whistle, to be picked up and thrown aside when it suited his fancy. I scoff at myself now. I became that whistle, and now I am bound to him forever, even though he has obviously tired of me. But enough of our doomed marriage, I will turn back to my only love… Edmond came to me soon after Fernand expressed his lustful desire to me. Running to him, my dearest caught me in his arms and kissed me deeply. He whispered that he was now captain of the Pharaon , and then he shouted it to his best friend. Fernand nodded his congratulations, and then said as much. Leaving, he had said a phrase he and Edmond often passed to each other, signifying that one or the other had the victory of the moment. With Edmond as king of the moment, that left me as his queen, and I wanted to revel in it. Dragging my beloved off, we spent the happiest afternoon, the most perfect night of our lives out on the beach. We swam together, shared conversation and a lovely meal, and then…I gave him all of my love. I gave him myself, and I was given him in return. As we rested before a fire he built himself, Edmond started to twirl his hair once more. Laughing, I bid him stop lest he go bald. He smiled, and continued conversing for a time. We promised that we had kept no secrets from one another, and Edmond murmured that as soon as he had the money to buy the ring, we would be married. I pulled at a string that was part of the fringe of my shawl, and it snapped off. Drawing it around my finger, it became the ring that would show one and all I was to be the wife of Edmond Dantès. It was all the ring I needed, and I swore to wear it always, and be true. And it never has. Even with all the rings and jewels and gold Fernand has showered upon me, this is the only ring I shall ever wear. Only Edmond's ring for me. He was taken from me the next night, accused of conspiracy and intrigue. He was accused of being a Bonapartist. My life spiraled; I could not focus on the smallest detail. All I could do was rest on my friend Fernand and beg the magistrate at the time, Villefort, to set him free. From his lips he uttered the charges, including one for murder, which I never have and never will believe. Doubtless that no one else believed it, either. Nothing could be done, and only Fernand stayed behind that day to help set his friend free. At the time, I believe everything was put into perspective for him, especially since Edmond was caught on his chateau grounds, trying to escape. Fernand returned to me, and dejectedly announced that he did all he could, and it was all in vain. Three weeks later a letter arrived, courtesy of Monsieur Villefort. He reported that my Edmond had died in prison, executed for crimes I know he never committed. A week prior to receiving that letter I had discovered a horrible truth: I was with child. As happy as I was that some part of Edmond would survive with me, I was absolutely terrified. What was I to do? Fernand appeared out my window at that moment, beckoned me outside, and I went to him. To save Edmond's child, I would marry Fernand. I have been married to Fernand for sixteen years, and have loved him not at all in that time. As of late, we've been estranged. He has been visiting the beds of other ladies and I have turned him away from mine for fear of infection. Only fourteen years ago was I made a countess, my husband's family all passed away to leave him his title. My son, Albert, was made a Viscount. Oh Albert, you have your entire father in you. Headstrong, honorable, handsome…Fate has smiled upon you, my son. You are truly my Edmond reborn, like a phoenix rising out of the ashes of death and destitution. There was a part of him to hold onto in you, and no mother could truly love her son more than I. But how stubborn you are now! Fifteen years, sixteen years, gone, and in its place stood my boy, my headstrong son, begging to go away for his birthday. Unchaperoned, I might add. Well, with Fernand acting as your father and giving his permission, I could not override him. Off he went on his Roman holiday, and I worried over him. One night, be it mother's intuition or what have you, I knew he was in danger. Weeping, I felt that he would not be saved. I felt as though I was losing Edmond all over again. Thanks be to God I was proven wrong when he returned the following week. Telling his tales, he came to his story of adventure, as he called it. Kidnapped by robbers, he bravely endured his terror and spoke down to the wretched creatures. As they prepared to take off his finger to confirm a ransom from his family, a mysterious man darted in from the shadows. Fighting off the bandits, he commanded they let my son go. The man's name, he told me, was the Count of Monte Cristo, and that he would personally come to Albert's sixteenth birthday so we would bestow our thanks onto him. I had not known what to expect when I met the men who saved my son's life. I certainly did not expect… This Count of Monte Cristo, I mistook him for the man I once and still love almost immediately. His eyes, his face, even when obscured by a beard, still looked like Edmond. He had walked in and greeted my husband first, who bade come over. So shocked was I that I did not immediately respond. When I finally ambled over to the Count, I could not take my eyes off his face, and my practiced words of gratitude came out of me mechanically, almost in monotone. He answered me smoothly, politely, with a touch of something darker beneath his words. It was his voice; it was Edmond's voice coming from that man. It was all surreal; I vaguely recall his requesting a dance with me from Fernand, and Fernand's consent. As I waltzed with him, I stared unabashed. He stared back for a moment, asking me what was on my mind. I confessed I felt I knew him, from long ago, that he seemed to be a man I had cared for and died. With a small chuckle in his voice he replied that he couldn't possibly be that man. The living proof was there before my eyes. He withdrew, his eyes never leaving mine. Shaken on the inside, I bounded off to make final preparations for the dinner, situating a place card here and there. Clutching at the stem of my champagne glass, I searched for Fernand. He was departing to the roof, most likely to make a business deal. Losing my temper I told him that he must stay and make a toast to his son. He would forgive his father, forgive him his time away. It was for his future. But I could not forgive him; I could not forgive the damage being done in the present. And as always, pushed Albert to the back of his mind and left me behind to do the deed. I could hardly look at my son as we were seated for dinner. Standing to give an apology and a prepared speech to the guests and my dear Albert, the Count of Monte Cristo, somehow sensing the unsavory deed I had to do, stood. He spoke of my son's merits, his abilities, and alluded to a bright future in store for him. Never had a speech been so eloquently given to cover up the failings of a father. Yes, a surrogate father, but he does not know that. Neither of them know, husband or son. As he sat down, I bowed my head to the Count, unable to express my thankfulness to him. He nodded back, seemingly understanding what was on my mind. Turning from me, he started a demure conversation with the person seated next to him. He reached up his hand… and started to twirl his hair . All doubt left my mind at that instant. He had to be my Edmond, he just had to be. With the help of his manservant, whose name was Jacopo, I clambered into his carriage and awaited him there as the Count bid farewell to my husband and son. He started in surprise when he realized I was there. Never taking my gaze from him, I shifted to the seat next to him. He whispered that he must take me home. The tears welled up and fell from my eyes. Once, twice I tried to kiss him, but he gently pushed me away. I protested, begging him to drop the pretense and admit to being Edmond. He claimed that he was not, and I brashly commanded him to stop denying it. I couldn't breathe for a moment; the tears apparently were in my throat as well as my eyes. I wondered aloud what he was, if he were a spirit sent to punish me for my misdeeds and unfaithfulness to his memory. Patting my back, the Count asked me several questions. How much I cared for him, how long I waited for him to return, how long it took me to agree to marriage after his death. His words ate at me; he had no idea the path my life had taken me on, and it cut me deep. We had returned to my home, and he frustratingly pushed the door open himself. Climbing out, he motioned for me to do the same. Taking his hand as I descended, I looked him in the eye once more. The hard outlines of his face stood out in the moonlight. His frank gaze back was devoid of thought or emotion, unlike my Edmond's. I could always tell what he was thinking or feeling just by looking at him. It was not true of this man, and I told him as much. Edmond Dantès was dead and gone, the count had reprimanded me, and therefore I should not pursue the folly any longer. I walked away, retiring to my chambers early, and now I sit here looking at my ring. Edmond Dantès was dead and gone… This thought is racing through my mind constantly, but why? Edmond Dantès… Dantès ! I've never said his name, his surname, in sixteen years. Not to my husband, who seems to have no memory of Edmond ever existing, or to anyone else. No one knows his name but me…except for the Count of Monte Cristo. He knows, and he therefore is Edmond Dantès. The Count is my Edmond, and I must see him again. xXxXxXx His servants tell me he has gone to Marseilles for a week's stay, to visit the Messieurs Danglars and Villefort. No matter, I informed them. I paid the one called Jacopo to summon me to the Chateau de Monte Cristo the moment the Count returns, and conduct me to his rooms secretly. Until then, I shall wait, and thank God for returning me my Edmond. A/N: I recently finished reading the book and watched the movie. I find both to be very good, and this had been sitting in the back of my mind waiting to be written for awhile now. I hope you enjoyed it. Edited, 7/1/16. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own The Count of Monte Cristo , the characters, or any of the locations thereo"},{"Movie":"Count of Monte Cristo","Title":"Betrayal","Author":"MaddHatta21","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8705198","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It had been years since I'd seen Edmond Dantes; I could see how many did not recognize him. Edmond had changed. He had become a man, strong, intelligent, and more fierce some than I could ever have imagined him. We had been close friends before he was arrested on false charges, and I, believing that surely he would soon be proven innocent took care of his father. It did not take me long to guess that Monsieur Villefort had played a part in the betrayal of Edmond Dantes. Other pieces soon began to fall into place as well... I hadn't believed in Fernand's feigned attempt to free Edmond at all. There was something in his eyes, something in the way he acted that revealed his true nature. Though whether or not he had been involved since the beginning or had suddenly had a change of heart once he saw his chance with Mercedes' was a mystery to me. I confronted him about it, but as one would expect, he denied all involvement. He cursed me for even suggesting that he would betray Edmond. I might have believed that I had imagined the causes of my suspicions in him, had I not been forced to flee for my life the very next day. Then, came the news of Edmond's death… It was news that at first cut me in two, but that I soon came to terms with under the illusion that, like Edmond's crime, the news of his death had been falsified. I had no proof of this, but my heart chose to believe it, even if my head told me it wasn't true. And so here I stand now, panting in the darkest part of the alleyway staring at the back of the man I love. I had called out to him, making sure we were far from the party three blocks down before I did so. \"Edmond!\" I had called after him, \"Edmond Dantes…\" He stopped, tilting his hat ever so slightly as he called quietly over his shoulder. \"I regret to inform you, madam, that Edmond Dantes is dead.\" The voice was hollow, dripping with false regret, but it was Edmond's. \"Then why did you stop when I called out your name?\" I was no fool, I knew who he was, and he couldn't lie to me, I wouldn't allow him to. I'd loved him since we were children, and had he not wasted his life chasing after Mercedes, he might have seen that. For him to imagine that for even a moment that I wouldn't know his voice, that I wouldn't recognize his eyes, was a betrayal on its own. I shook my head brushing these thoughts aside as I awaited his answer. \"You're mistaken Madam.\" Again I shook my head, this time in defiance, \"I disagree Monsieur.\" A moment of silence passed between us. \"Believe what you like.\" The words were cold, harsh, like the ones before them… \"Edmond…\" He approached me furiously now, \"EDMOND DANTES IS DEAD.\" He hissed, glaring fiercely down at me. I couldn't stop the tears that brimmed in my eyes, and all I could think was of how much he'd changed, how much I loved him despite it all. He seemed to stop for a moment, breath hitching in his chest, before he spun violently away from me, his cloak whipping violently in the wind as he stormed down the alley. I felt my knees grow weak, as I fell to the ground, effectively ruining the dress I'd worked so hard to buy. I didn't care, the dress was just material, it could be mended with a bit of hard work. Edmond's heart would be harder to mend. I did not know if I could help him before he made a mistake he would regret for years to come… but I was willing to try. I was willing to do whatever it took to help him, to bring him back… because in the depths of the Count of Monte Cristo's eyes I could see unbearable pain and despair buried deep beneath his fury. The count had been wrong when he'd said that Edmond Dantes was dead… I knew better… Edmond Dantes had never been a furious man, and so the count was Edmond's fury. The count was Edmond's vengeance because Edmond had never believed in revenge. The count and Edmond were one in the same. Two sides of the same coin. No, Edmond Dantes was not dead; he was hiding; hiding behind a fancy title and a false name. ","Summary":" It had been years since I'd seen Edmond Dantes; I could see how many did not recognize him. Edmond "},{"Movie":"Count of Monte Cristo","Title":"Albert's perspective of the final moments","Author":"anakha13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7126569","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The moment I rushed in and saw him threateningly lunging before my father, I was overcome with a rage so entire; I hardly knew what I did next. Nor did I register his hesitant parrying. I vaguely heard him pleading, but I did not know why, nor did I care why. The man could have killed me swiftly if he wished- I can see that now. But blind hatred kept me blind to all my other senses. And then I heard my mother scream. I was powerless to lift a finger while she stood in between us. To my incredulity, I realised that he was much in the same state as I was. Perhaps he was a bit more of the gentleman than I gave him credit for. Perhaps it was her grace- and her natural beauty- that made him reluctant to hold arms in the presence of such a creature. I rarely saw my mother like this. Her hair looked a little dishevelled-it was undone. A smattering of red lipstick was smeared over her mouth. My mother never wore lipstick. And she was wearing a dress the colour of which she usually never wore- a blue that indicated joy. I wondered what particular occasion had made her feel so festive to put on that particular dress. My mother gestured with her hand for the man to drop his weapon, and to my amazement, he did so, lowering it. It seemed as if she was not frightened of him, and I had the strangest feeling that he had no intention of harming her either. If she had nothing to fear, then...did I? She turned to look at me. Her eyes seemed to plead, but I had no idea why she had to. I had no idea, because she had nothing to do with this. With father, and the man. \"Albert...\" she began. Her voice was cracking, as if it were hard for her to speak. Then she seemed to compose herself. \"I found the note you left explaining where you had gone.\" That made sense. She had travelled out here, had no time to do her hair, in order to save me from whatever trouble she presumed I would come across. I knew mother would despair often at my impatient nature. The last fiasco in Rome kept me grounded inside the house for at least 2 weeks. My mother spoke again, this time her voice seeming to falter slightly. \"But now I must explain something to you.\" I waited, feeling puzzled. She looked into my eyes, and for the first time in my entire life, I felt as if she were afraid. \"You are the son of Edmond Dantes.\" She looked, strangely enough, to the man. Shock spread across his face. She turned back to me. \"The man you know as the Count of Monte Cristo.\" I stood dumbfounded, but it was nothing compared to the look on the man's face. A thousand questions seemed to gather in his eyes. He is mine? He is my son? I have a son? At first, I thought that there may have been a terrible story behind this- my mother was taken advantage of in her youth by the tyrant- and I had become the unfortunate unwanted product. But the way my mother had pled before me had convinced me otherwise. I turned to my father, my eyes searching. My father, my hero. He scoffed at me.[Chapter 2] My mother, my mother...blood poured from a wound at her shoulder- and I could not think. God, I could not think. Fear- confusion- panic. I wanted to cry. I tried desperately in some way to cling to her, to help, but I could not find any practical way to be of use. All I could do was hold onto her. But she was not looking at me. She was looking at the man. And the look she gave him was one of love. \"Edmond, don't go outside!\" she pled brokenly. \"Edmond, don't go!\" I heard Jacapo draw something in his hand, and I startled. Like a rabbit, my head shot up, expecting a death blow, or expecting something bad to happen. Jacapo had given the Count a sword. \"Try, and never quit,\" he said to the Count, in a way that was meant for him alone. \"Zatarra,\" he murmured to the Count, \"You must end this.\" He spoke softer. \"Even the priest would understand.\" I was surrounded by secrets. I had just been told I was the son of this man; a man who I had believed had wronged my family immeasurably. My father had just pulled the trigger on my own mother! What was this?! What priest? ","Summary":" The moment I rushed in and saw him threateningly lunging before my father, I was overcome with a ra"},{"Movie":"Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart Ja...","Title":"Dear Miss Acacia","Author":"buttonmash2000","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11023378","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dear Miss Acacia, The day I met you, you stole my heart. And I suppose, I suppose I've been searching for it—searching for you—ever since. What I never expected was to find you and give you more of me. Madeleine always warned me: You must never fall in love . And I never did. Because falling , that overrated word to describe the process of beginning to love someone, could not hold a candle to how I felt about you. Falling is an action, something that one does. I did not fall in love with you. I did not fall in love with you because I had always loved you. And I just didn't know it until I saw you that day. Oh, I've had an epiphany. What if nobody ever falls in love? Perhaps we all tread this earth with a set of personality traits and physical appearances that suits us and that we love, and when we meet the person who has them, we are already in love with them. The falling part comes later, when you realize you love them. If that is the case, Miss Acacia, I have always loved you. Traveling across Europe, I have never met anyone who I have loved. How I feel when I am with you, I have never felt that way before. I will never feel that way again. Oh, Miss Acacia, do you remember the day we met? Because I certainly do. You were wearing a plum purple dress and knee-high red socks speckled with snowflakes, and you were spinning the crank on a street organ and singing in the highest, purest, most innocent voice I had ever heard. And when I joined your song, our two voices felt right. Do you remember when you asked me, My, what's that odd pitter-patter? I didn't tell you about my madly beating cuckoo-clock heart. The rain, I said. Do you like the rain? You said you liked the sound. Do you hear the sound of the rain, Miss Acacia, my love? Do you like it? It's my heart again. My broken, patchwork, cuckoo-clock heart, that's been fooled with and handled roughly so many times. My foolish, madly-in-love-with-you, cuckoo-clock heart that still can't help itself. Even with gears and cogs springing from my chest, my cuckoo-clock heart still cannot keep from beating for you. Oh, what a fool love has made of me. Love, Jack P.S. If I had never met you, I would never have died. P.S.S. You are probably reading this right now, tears falling from you eyes. Just know: I don't care. P.S.S.S. Darling, it isn't your fault. I have always known you would be the death of me. Please forgive the mistakes. I just had to write this. ","Summary":" Dear Miss Acacia, The day I met you, you stole my heart. And I suppose, I suppose I've been searchi"},{"Movie":"Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart Ja...","Title":"Le Petit Grand Coeur","Author":"Tepo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13054821","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Antes de Empezar: El siguiente Short Fic (no planeo hacer más de tres capítulos) está basado en la película de \"Jack y la mecánica del corazón\", si bien he optado por tomar el estilo y enfoque del libro. Así pues, todo esto comienza tras el final de la película y bajo la premisa de que Jack no muere durante la tormenta de nieve. En ninguna de las tres interpretaciones de la historia (Álbum, película y libro), Jack tiene un final feliz con Miss Acacia, así que deseaba realmente escribir una historia donde estuvieran juntos. Básicamente solamente deseo verlos juntos, pero además redondear más la relación pues Miss Acacia no es realmente un personaje que sea de mi total agrado, pero juntos tiene magia. Capítulo 01- Despertar Abro los ojos con una pesadez singular, inconsistente con mis ansias de levantarme de la cama; aunque el cansancio en mi propio cuerpo tampoco resultó ser favorecedor para cumplir mi cometido. Me siento agotado, confundido, y sobre todo… ansioso. Pero mis pensamientos no son capaces de ponerse en orden, así que buscando un asidero, un escape de la confusión de mi propia mente, decido que lo mejor es mirar alrededor. Y lo que me topo, me deja helado el corazón… de una forma figurativa. En la mesa de noche, al lado de la cama en la cual estoy, descansaba el reloj que alguna vez llamara corazón: mi corazón. Totalmente inmóvil, inerte, insonoro; tengo frente a mí al causante de todas mis desdichas, y a la vez a la obra maestra de Madeleine… aquel artilugio sencillo que no obstante me había mantenido con vida en ausencia de un corazón real. No siento odio, no siento agradecimiento. No siento nada en absoluto. Un vacío. Indiferencia. -Estamos en paz…- susurro tomándolo entre mis manos. Fueron tras unos de segundos de observar al inútil aparato que caigo en la cuenta de que eso estaba mal. Asustado, solté a mi antiguo compañero de batallas y lo dejo caer al suelo con estrepito. En mi pecho, encontré una placa de metal donde antes reposara el reloj… Y nada más. No me atreví a siquiera intentar remover la placa de metal. Recuerdo entonces mis últimos momentos de lucidez antes de hundirme en la nada. Una nada tan blanca como la nieve que nos rodeaba a Miss Acacia y a mí. Miss Acacia. Me levanto de la cama sobresaltado y mirando alrededor. En un principio, pensé que mi serenidad era debido a mi mente confusa, pero al darme cuenta de donde me encuentro, ahora entiendo que el sentido de familiaridad fue lo que me devolvió esa paz interior. La paz de los recuerdos infantiles y el único lugar en el mundo donde me he sentido protegido, aunque con pesar debo admitir que no amado. Es mi vieja habitación en la casa de Madeleine. Escucho pasos en las escaleras y más pronto de lo que yo puedo salir del sentimiento de nostalgia y embelesamiento estúpido, un hombre desconocido abre la puerta. Es un ejemplar robusto, fuerte, de mirada penetrante e inteligente, estudiosa que desentona bastante con su aspecto tosco y poco grácil. Otra cosa más desentona, pues tiene manos pequeñas para su tamaño, y tan pálidas que resaltan en contraste con su ropa. Viste un traje negro, entallado, que muestra que a pesar de su gran tamaño en realidad no sufre de exceso de grasa en su cuerpo. Su cabeza cubierta por un montón de pelambrera que difícilmente podría llamar cabello, muestra una perfecta sucesión de pelos blancos y negros; una simetría tan perfecta que de haberse dado la oportunidad, apostaría que cuenta con la misma cantidad de unos que de otros. No obstante, mis prioridades distan mucho en ese momento de averiguar la cantidad de cabellos sobre su cabeza. Su rostro severo se suaviza, dibujando un gesto de alivio y una media sonrisa se asoma enmarcada por una barba mucho más cuidada, y en esta ocasión totalmente blanca. Incapaz de hablar, solamente lo miro, seguramente con un gesto estúpido en el rostro; su respuesta es inmediata, y tras carraspear, entra totalmente en la habitación. -Me alegra ver que has despertado- una voz melodiosa, igual que sus manos, su barba y su mirada, proviene del tosco hombre. -Lamento que la alegría sea unilateral- replico con tono agresivo, tratando de demostrar que dicho hombre no me intimida. La verdad es que sí que estoy intimidado, y mi ¿Corazón? Late aceleradamente ante la intrusión del extraño en mi habitación de la infancia; por un momento, consigue que olvide mis preocupaciones en pos de una mayor: su imponente presencia- ¿Quién es usted? -Soy yo quien ha salvado tu vida- se muestra ofendido, pero no agresivo. -Esta propiedad no le pertenece, debe salir de aquí- replico sin poner atención real a sus palabras. Para mi mala suerte, mi voz me traiciona quebrándose a media frase. -Por el contrario, joven- declara con una sonrisa amarga en el rostro-. Esta propiedad es mía… -¿Han vendido la casa de Madeleine?- preguntó con incredulidad, y un arrebato de odio hacia Anna y Luna. -Nunca permitiría que vendieran esta propiedad. -¡Miss Acacia!- un arrebato de lucidez, tras la muestra de nula amenaza por parte del hombre, me permiten devolver mis pensamientos al encauce donde los deje cuando perdí el conocimiento… ¿Hace horas? ¿Días?... ¿Mas? -La señorita que te acompañaba… -¡¿Dónde se encuentra ella?! ¡¿Esta bien?!- pregunto con desesperación, acercándome al hombre. -Eres un joven muy imprudente, te lo han dicho?- replica con enfado y cruzándose de brazos-. No permites aclarar una duda cuando ya tienes otra saltando de tus insolentes labios; me provoca darte una tunda para aclarar esa cabeza tan confusa que tienes… -Imprudente seria que usted no me revele el paradero de Miss Acacia- replico esta vez con firmeza; olvidarme de mi propia seguridad y pensar en la de mi querida hace que olvide por completo que soy yo el que se encuentra en una situación difícil. Me mira. Sus ojos brillan, pero no se distinguir si de ira o de asombro. Tal vez ambos. Es un tipo indescifrable como pocos, de esos con los que no quisieras jugar una mano de póker o tener enfrente de ti, bloqueando tu única vía de escape en la habitación de tu infancia que te hace sentir más pequeño e inútil de lo que ya te sientes. En definitiva, odio ser el segundo sujeto en este momento. Con algo de suerte, me reiré del asunto unos días después… espero que no en la cama de un hospital. Pero mis temores resultan sorprendentemente infundados. Suelta una carcajada que al instante hace que mis puños, y mi corazón (o lo que sea que haya en mi pecho en ese momento) se relajen un poco. Tiene una risa contagiosa, agradable, melodiosa. Bajo sus brazos y extiende una mano, decidido a no ceder en el asunto hasta que las presentaciones sean debidamente realizadas. -Mi nombre es Jack London- declara con una sonrisa amena. Su nombre me hace alzar una ceja. -Yo soy… -Jack- interrumpe el hombre estrechando mi mano con fuerza. Tal vez más fuerza de la necesaria, causándome un dolor punzante ¿Venganza? -Es usted el segundo Jack que conozco en mi vida- digo tras comenzar a acariciar mi mano adolorida. -¿En serio? ¿Quién fue el primero?- pregunta sonriendo. -Jack el destripador- respondo con serenidad-. Intento matarme. -Bueno, este segundo \"Jack\" te ha salvado la vida. -Sobre eso… -Llámame London, por cierto- declara afable, saliendo de la habitación-. Odio las confusiones, así que cuando me encuentro con alguien con mi nombre, recurro a mi apellido. -¿Conoce muchos \"Jack\"? -Jack, creo que tienes un círculo reducido de amigos. -Solo uno en realidad. -Bueno, esa es la cantidad de verdaderos amigos que una persona suele tener- declara con melancolía-. Aunque también existen los amigos de copas, los amigos de trabajo y los amigos de la infancia. -No tengo por costumbre perder la consciencia en bares- respondo saliendo de la habitación-. Mi trabajo es solitario: solo tenía a mi jefa. Y mi infancia… en fin, solo tengo un amigo. -Veo que Madeleine no pudo evitarlo. -¿La conoció? -Bueno, socio- London volteó a verme con intensidad-. Estas enfrente de la razón por la cual llevas ese nombre. Sorpresa es lo único que siento en este momento. Una infinita sorpresa. Entonces él brevemente me lo explica todo; su trágica historia, desde su propio punto de vista. De cómo se enamoraron dos jóvenes. Resultó ser que Jack London fue el verdadero maestro de Madeleine, un doctor poco reconocido pero de grandes aspiraciones. La enorme imaginación de Madeleine fue la que le permitió crear obras maestras como la columna de Arthur, un sujeto al que el propio London había desahuciado. En imaginación, London admitió con una enorme sonrisa verse superado por Madeleine, así como en entusiasmo; cosa que quedo manifiesta cuando Madeleine perdió al hijo de ambos. La falta de entusiasmo de London, solo le permitió irse; su falta de imaginación, le hizo nunca reclamar la casa que le pertenecía y dejar a Madeleine habitarla libremente. Eso explicaba las tumbas de personas que no parecían familiares ni conocidos de Madeleine. En realidad más que una ruptura, fue una separación precipitada. Después de lo cual London nunca se atrevió a volver a dar la cara y de la cual Madeleine nunca abandono la casa… ahora pienso, con la ciega esperanza de que el hombre que amo volviera. O al menos tener noticias de él. Pero London dejó por completo la medicina y se dedicó a un arte de igual precisión: relojero. Resultaba una especie de ironía, pues esto último Madeleine nunca lo supo en vida. Ella me brindo el nombre de su amor perdido, una casualidad demasiado romántica para dejarla en casualidad; y me había salvado la vida con los conocimientos que London compartiera con ella, así como con un reloj, aludiendo a la nueva carrera de su amor perdido. Y eso me hizo sentir brevemente incómodo. Lo suficiente para golpear a London en el rostro, pero debía admitir que tenía una urgencia mayor en mi mente. -La señorita Acacia se encuentra en la otra habitación, reposando- dice restándole importancia a su breve historia al llegar al final del pasillo. Yo mismo le resto importancia. Madeleine, no me odies por ello, pero creo que tendré más oportunidades de conocer tu historia. -¿Reposando?- repito con tono alarmado. -Se encuentra bien… tan bien como se puede estar, al menos. -¿Qué sucedió? -Tu. Tras su respuesta inocua y sencilla, abre la puerta. Yo ingreso a la que una vez fue la habitación de Madeleine; la verdad es que, sabiéndome adoptado por Madeleine desde que tengo memoria, no recuerdo nunca haber ingresado a esa habitación. Me es imposible decir si la habitación ha sido alterada o sigue impecable desde su muerte. A diferencia de su taller, de la cocina, o de mi propia habitación, ese lugar carece de personalidad. El papel tapiz de las paredes está presente, a juego con el resto de la casa, pero ningún cuadro está colgado, y las cortinas son sencillas, blancas, y apenas con un grabado de flores en las orillas. Los muebles de madera no cuentan con adornos adicionales, aunque lucen viejos y deben ser los originales de la casa. Sobre ellos, apenas si reposan algunos libros, velas, y poco más. Nada que delate a su anterior ocupante. Y eso, debo admitir, me decepciona y duele un poco. Todo esto lo hago con una rápida ojeada, así que no me es posible decir si esa primera mirada abarca toda la habitación, pues me detengo al posar mis ojos sobre la cama. Y en ella, sonriente, Miss Acacia se inclina hacia adelante para levantarse. Sus ojos brillan al cruzar su mirada con la mía. Y el tiempo se detiene… Por un momento, siento que esta afirmación es real, pues no escucho el ruido acelerado de mi propio corazón al saltar de alegría y regocijo cuando nuestras miradas vuelven a cruzarse. Entonces recuerdo que no tengo más ese ridículo corazón de madera… Ella luce tan hermosa, tan radiante, y aun así logró notar un toque de cansancio en ella; una leve palidez en su piel y unos labios no tan brillantes como la última vez que la recuerdo. Pero en lo demás, no noto una diferencia sobresaliente de la dulce criatura que siempre ha habitado en mis sueños. -Jack…- trata de gritar Miss Acacia, pero su voz sale como un susurro. También noto con facilidad que es incapaz de ponerse en pie. Salgo de mi hechizo y me doy cuenta que el tiempo sigue fluyendo. Y yo, con igual rapidez, fluyo hacia mi amada. La tomo de las manos y la miro con fascinación, con amor, pero sobre todo con alivio. -Me alegra verte bien. -Me alegra a mí verte bien- dice con una amplia sonrisa. Solo entonces me doy cuenta que lleva puestas sus enormes y horribles gafas; y hasta ese momento, nunca me pareció más hermosa y adorable-. London dijo que te recuperarías pronto pero estabas tardando. -¿Tardando? -Una semana inconsciente- responde ella, y su respuesta me alivia. -Lo que no entiendo es como hizo él…- niego con la cabeza al tratar de hacer memoria-. No recuerdo nada. Estaba muriendo. -En efecto- asiente ella-. Quisiste morir. -¿Qué sucedió entonces? -No te lo permití. -¿Cómo es eso? -Me perteneces, idiota- replicó ella con lágrimas en los ojos-. Y siempre eres tan egoísta… -Nosotros… ¡Tú me dejaste!- replico a la defensiva al verla herida. -¡¿Y lo primero que haces es quitarte la vida?!- replica ella ofendida- ¡¿No pensaste que solo necesitaba un tiempo a solas para pensarlo?! -Has tenido tiempo- respondo desviando la mirada-. Una semana. -No me tomo más de cinco segundos darme cuenta que no quería perderte. -Ni más de cinco segundos mandarme al diablo- replico con enojo. Ahora que sé que está sana y bien, y peor aún, que desea culparme de todo, mi enojo ante la traición de haber creído mas en Joe que en mi me invade con fuerza. Ella guarda silencio. Me mira avergonzada y furiosa. Es un tipo de mirada que dice que las cosas solo pueden ir a peor ¿Qué haría Melies en esa situación? Creo que ahora si he metido la pata a fondo. Pero la pregunta sigue dando vueltas en mi cabeza. -¿Por qué no estoy muerto? -Por London. Y por el destino- responde ella tratando de ocultar una sonrisa de alivio en su rostro-. Porque nos une algo tan fuerte que no es posible destruir con mentiras o verdades a medias. -¿Verdades a medias? -Conocí a Anna y Luna- respondió ella-. Y la historia del incidente de Joe… -Joe… -Aclare mis ideas, y conocí un poco de ti, de Madeleine, y de London…- dijo ella-. El llego al segundo día. -¿Segundo día? -Tal vez lo último que recuerdas es estar sentado en la nieve, congelándote. Y tan pronto perdiste el conocimiento, Anna y Luna llegaron y me ayudaron a llevarte dentro de la casa- explica ella con mirada perdida-. Cerca estuviste de la muerte, pero no lo suficiente; tu consciencia te dejo, mientras tu cuerpo aun luchaba por sobrevivir. Te abrigamos en una cama, pero ningún doctor quiso venir a atenderte a esta casa maldita; y las inclemencias del tiempo indicaban que morirías a media camino si nos atrevíamos a sacarte de aquí… tenía miedo de perderte, aunque sentía que ya lo había hecho. Sus ojos se llenan de lágrimas y su voz se vuelve cada vez más delgada, dando la sensación de quebrarse en cualquier momento. Pero estoy demasiado interesado en el relato como para interrumpirla o darle un respiro, así que la miró con intensidad; ella entiende el gesto, y no tarda más de unos segundos en continuar. -Mantuve el calor de tu cuerpo, lo mejor que pude, con el mío- declaró ella llevándose una mano al pecho-. Pero tu corazón era el verdadero problema… su funcionamiento irregular; además, sangraba en ocasiones. Parecía a punto de explotar…. Otra vez. -Y entonces…- señalo la placa de metal en mi pecho. -London llego en el tercer día a la casa, a presentar sus respetos en la tumba de Madeleine, y te encontró aquí- declaró ella- ¿Ya lo has conocido? -Brevemente. Lo justo- respondo restándole importancia a un personaje secundario en nuestra bella historia de amor. -Es doctor, sabes? Lo que llaman Cirujano- comenta con una media sonrisa-. O lo era antes de retirarse. -Me comento un poco. -Él supo que hacer, como reemplazar tu corazón… -¿Reemplazarlo con qué?- pregunto confundido y profundamente interesado. Ella guarda silencio. Abre la bata de noche que llevaba puesta, una pieza gruesa, tosca y de mal gusto, muy poco femenina pero bastante cálida; y ante mi mirada asombrada, veo una placa de metal exactamente igual a la mía, incrustada en su piel. La confusión se dibuja en mi rostro, estoy seguro de ello, cuando ella vuelve a alzar la voz. -Con la mitad de mi corazón…- y su respuesta flota en el aire de la habitación. Corenote: Dedicado especialmente para Nime de Oro con mucho cariño, y un terrible atraso de un mes entero. Espero lo disfrutes. Así mismo, espero que mis demás lectores les haya gustado y me regalen un comentario. Les recuerdo que será una historia breve, pero igualmente espero la disfruten ampliamente a aquellos que conozcan esta gran obra de arte. Saludos y hasta el próximo capítulo! ","Summary":" Antes de Empezar: El siguiente Short Fic (no planeo hacer más de tres capítulos) está basado en la "},{"Movie":"Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart Ja...","Title":"Cuckoo-Clock Heart","Author":"Saphirabrightscale","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11916937","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cuckoo-Clock Heart ","Summary":" Cuckoo-Clock Heart"},{"Movie":"Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart Ja...","Title":"Jack's New Heart","Author":"AlwayzHuman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10983557","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So I just fished watching 'Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart' and hated the ending of it. So I quickly looked up fanfictions for this movie and only found two. I have decided to make another ending for this movie. This is told from Acacia's point of view. His body fell limp. I no longer heard the wonderful sound of his ticking heart. I started to cry. What am I supposed to do? How am I going to go on knowing that I could have saved him? Knowing that the boy I have loved for so long had died because he wouldn't let me save him? I buried my face into his lifeless chest and cried some more. \"Why? Jack, why didn't you let me save you?\" I cried into his chest. \"Because he wanted to save you,\" a female voice spoke. I quickly sat up and grabbed my glasses. Miss Madeleine was kneeling down next to Jack and myself. She was semitransparent too. Perhaps a spirit? \"If you would have wound up his heart, it would have burst and killed both of you.\" I looked over to my lifeless love and start crying again. \"Can you bring him back?\" I asked the mother witch. She shook her head. My chest felt so tight, like someone was squeezing everything out of me. \"But there is still a way to save him.\" I stared at her, my hope renewed. There might actually be a way to save my Jack! \"Do you truly love him?\" She asked. I quickly nodded my head, not even thinking about hesitating. \"Are you willing to be with him for the rest of your life?\" \"Yes,\" I whispered. My hope was making it hard for me to talk. Miss Madeleine uncovered a small ice cube that was in the shape of a heart and placed it in my hands. \"Place this inside of his clock and you will have him back so long as you take good care of him,\" the kind witch said. I was so happy that I started crying. \"Thank you Miss Madeleine,\" I say to her with so much joy I thought I would burst. She nodded before disappearing with the wind. I looked back at my Jack and reached for the face of his clock heart. It took me a bit to open it without the key but I eventually got it to open. He had lost so many gears that there was a small spot just big enough for the ice heart that Miss Madeleine had given me. I gentle placed the heart in the empty spot and closed the face. I waited for something, anything, to happen. To tell me that I have my Jack back. Nothing happened though. I was becoming scared and started crying again. I covered my face with my hands and began to cry even more. I heard movement but I didn't care. Well, I didn't care until someone tried to move hands. I looked up to see who it was and was happily surprised to see my Jack alive. I tackled him with a hug and he laughed. \"So this isn't a dream?\" He asked playfully. I shook my head. \"No, you are very much alive, Jack.\" We began to kiss but he pulled away and held onto where he clock used to be. Wait! Where did his clock go? Then it hit me. Her last gift to her son was to give him a heart that would never physically come apart. He could use his emotions without the worry of his heart breaking. He was still confused. \"The last gift from your mother,\" I explained. He seemed to understand because he smiled and pulled me into another kiss. We stayed like that before we both started shivering from the cold. He grabbed my bag and helped me up and then we started walking to his house. I notice something gleaming in the snow so I picked it up. It was the key to his heart. I smiled before putting it into my coat. Jack smiled at me as he wrapped his arm around my shoulders and we walked to the house. One Year Later Jack and I soon were married after that day. Joe would occasionally try to woo me back but I would just slam the door in his face. I now help around the house and anyone who needed help. Jack and I soon picked up where Miss Madeleine left off. Jack's grandfather was soon up and walking again and Miss Madeleine's cat also came back. Joe was later caught by the police because he tried to kidnap a poor girl who looked very similar to me. \"Acacia, do you know where the flour went to?\" My husband asked. It was his turn to make breakfast today. \"It should still be in the cupboard.\" The due date for the baby that I am holding inside of me was going to be soon. Melies and his 'two wives in one' are the god parents. Speaking of Melies, he is supposed to be visiting sometime soon too. It may be a small family but I wouldn't change it for the world. \"Breakfast is ready,\" Jack says as he places the plates on the table and a saucer of milk down for the cat. I got up from the chair by the window and sat across from my husband. We began to happily eat our food. The True The End Please review and tell me what you think of it. I take any kind of reviews. I hope you like this version of of the ending. Don't forget to stay human! ","Summary":" So I just fished watching 'Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart' and hated the ending of it. So I quickl"},{"Movie":"Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart Ja...","Title":"At one point in Edinburgh","Author":"Frank the Racist Waifu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12900072","Passage":"[Chapter 1] At one point in Edinburgh, there was a homeschooled boy named Jack. Many rumours had spread about the family that lived on the edge of cliff hanging over the town. The mother was a witch, the boy was sickly and whores were regularly seen leaving the house. As such, this prompted the general populace of that local area to formulate theories as to what was going on. The house was subject to many of the myths designed to keep children from engaging in degenerate behaviour. Jack's infant self was rendered glassy-eyed and soulless from the freezing cold. Thankfully, a ramshackle heart that just barely managed to create the proper conditions for a soul to exist was created and placed within the icy crevice. Jack was then raised by the doctor after his mother left after evaluating her own sense of responsibility and witnessing the efficiency of the doctor's care. Jack never saw her again after that point and grew up thinking the witch was his mother. The cuckoo clock was alive, not like an animal or a human but more like a tree. It grew and grew in order to fill up the space left for Jack's heart. Jack was never privy to the true business of the whores (who came to Madeleine simply because there was nowhere else to go) and they soon simply became another aspect of his life. Jack often became restless with the desire to go outside and see Edinburgh but Madeleine did not want to let him go for a simple reason. You see, a heart is a complicated thing to construct. A mechanical heart is weak due to the fact that it is so brittle, inflexible and some of the soul will inevitably leak out during the replacement. Such a thing as love would break such a precarious arrangement and send the heart into an explosion of metal and wood, the shrapnel most likely piercing the head of a passerby. Madeleine often became drunk on the alcohol of her tears. Tears are often seen as sad things but often they can provoke feelings of nostalgia and saudade. One fateful day, Madeleine took Jack out for the second time. The first time, the artist Yves Klein (who lived in his paintings) tried to lure Jack into his special little (void_0). Jack did not tell Madeleine for fear of not being allowed outside again. Madeleine took Jack to the safest, most love-free place imaginable. The church. While many would stare at Madeleine, she was (to an extent) excited to once again stand in front of the Lord. Once there, the shadow of the crucifix loomed over Jack. Madeleine bent down and said to him that he didn't have to go in if he didn't want to. Jack stared at the crucifix. Once inside, everybody's eyes turned to Madeleine but the paper priest took no heed. Both Jack and Madeleine were seated next to the stained glass window of God projecting light with his finger. Projecting the world onto the flat, empty space. Jack did not know that he would later meet a man very similar to this God. The front of the church had another stained glass window towards the end of the building depicting a girl stuck in a bubble. A girl in a school uniform was invited on to play the organ. Jack was struck by the smallness of her nose. Her eyes were like giant windows, covering 45% of her smooth face. Or at least, that's what it looked like. Madeleine turned to look at Jack. THE END ","Summary":" At one point in Edinburgh, there was a homeschooled boy named Jack. Many rumours had spread about t"},{"Movie":"Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart Ja...","Title":"Entre Engranajes Y Rosas","Author":"Magician Of Happiness","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12974795","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Con la luna en alto y el hielo alrededor A un mudo en blanco y negro para a dar yo; Con un frió en el cuerpo y latidos bajos Acabe con un viejo reloj marcando mis pasos Solo siendo un pequeño con ojos de ilusión Guardando al lado un maquina en vez de corazón; De una niña de lentes grandes y pies diminutos Quede de rodillas ante sus encantos La busque por mar, la busque por tierra, la busque por aire Pero como una ligera brisa se esfumo; Oí voces lejanas que me llevaron a continuar Realice lo imposible por guiarme de una simple fe El tiempo no se detuvo como anhelo por ella Que intentaba no marchitarse por su falta; Termino como un hada de mis sueños despierto Dando el caos a su total deseo Un día la real fantasía de su rostro se destrozo Alguien con odio en su mirar se encargo; El temor decidió irse y la ira se expandió En mis oídos solo se escuchaba un agitado Tic, Tac Como un pájaro salí de mi cálido nido Trate de mirar atrás pero me negué a voltear; Me dirigí por el riel veloz buscando un lugar fijo Aunque la mente voló hacia un sueño despierto Halle a un mago lleno de inventivos trucos Me dijo que arriesgara y saltara a la aventura; Me convertí en un Quijote trotamundos Detrás de una Dulcinea fugitiva A las almas del camino pregunte por mi amada Pocas me revelaron el secreto de su encuentro; Mi viejo reloj acelero sus manecillas Intentando de avanzar nuestra reunión La conexión que recibimos al chocar nuestros ojos En mis engranes provoco un calor de derretimiento; Parecía una locomotora de vapor con ruedas chirriantes Y todo por volver a contemplarla Cuando hablamos aguante la tentación de profanar sus labios Pero al final termine cediendo a su aroma; Lo siguiente se sintió como el paraíso en la tierra Un momento de amor correspondido que alteraba mi reloj Sería una cruel mentira decir que más de una vez pensé morir Ya que esa pequeña niña me adentraba el amor; Le di mi llave para que pudiera controlar a mí ser Si hubiera querido quitarme la vida, la hubiera dejado por ser su deseo El amor que experimente estaba en la cima del placer Ambos estábamos en nuestro propio mundo de afecto; Todo se mantenía en oculto entre las sombras Algo que era el misterio apasionado que nos entregábamos Fue un lamento que le arco iris del amor se esfumara Dejando nubes grises de separación y duda; No solo me atreví a darle la llave de mi alma Quise darle lo que me había robado sin saberlo El tiempo se detuvo y lo único que vi fue su rostro Sentí bajar de la cima para caer a una llanura de dolor; Tal vez morí y reviví o dormí y desperté Pero deje de ser el joven aquel de sueños y pase a ser un hombre de recuerdos Volví encontrarme con mi amor de rosal La intente volver a enamorar como si fuera el inicio; Acabe con un corazón de esperanza en la mano Ya no era su Little Jack ni ella mi Miss Acacia ","Summary":" Con la luna en alto y el hielo alrededor A un mudo en blanco y negro para a dar yo; Con un frió en "},{"Movie":"Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart Ja...","Title":"Reflections","Author":"KageDanza","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11073049","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, Jack and the Cuckoo Clock Heart is the single most amazing movie I've ever watched. I know I've never talked about it before, but there are literally four fics in the fandom. It's available to watch on YouTube, if you do a little searching. It is also on Netflix. It's not for everyone, actually. It's somewhat bizarre, but it's a veritable feast for the eyes. Absolutely breath-taking. Disclaimer: I may be creative, but this movie is too brilliant to even put into words. Eff off, lawyers and crap. In retrospect, there were plenty little remarks he'd made. Sad ones... odd little nods to his disfigurement, or whatever you would call Jack's clockwork heart. Sometimes he would hide his little clock, (What's that odd pitter-patter?) (It's the rain. Do you like the rain?) sometimes it seemed he would show it off, in his own way. (I don't think my heart can take all this!) (Nor mine.) Perhaps it was just her imagination. The way he spoke of that bouquet of flowers, seeming almost as if they were a metaphor for himself; his heart... (They're all bent out of shape or broken!) (I got them like that, so you wouldn't have to worry about breaking them.) Perhaps she was reading too much into his words. But the key. Did he really feel it was worth it? She would rather him be alive and have his death be her fault when it happened than have it end like it had. (Now, whatever happens, I'll only have myself to blame. So now you can kiss me.) Oh, if only she had worn her glasses more often! She could have recognized him for who he was at the first sight of him in her dressing room mirror. They would have run off together, long before the whole Joe mess could have even began. Jack would still be there with her, singing and laughing and dancing. She couldn't help but be angry with him in certain matters, though. Besides throwing his very life away just so she wouldn't be able to blame herself it something had happened later on. That was something she tried not to dwell on more than necessary. Enough tears had been shed already. He should have told her of at least the first two rules he had to follow. He should have told her he'd accidentally stabbed Joe's eye out. He should have told her it was him the second time they'd met. She should have run for the key and forced him to let her use the bloody thing to wind up his clock. ","Summary":" Okay, Jack and the Cuckoo Clock Heart is the single most amazing movie I've ever watched. I know I'"},{"Movie":"Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart Ja...","Title":"Al compás de mi Tic Tac","Author":"Alyh555","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11288933","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Al compás de mi Tic Tac N/A: Hola a todos esta será una historia pequeña de la película de Jack y la mecánica del corazón, vi esta película tan asombrosa y no pude evitar hacer una historia sobre ella espero que les guste. Disclaimer: NI la película ni el libro me pertenecen, le pertenecen a él gran genio Mathias Malzieu. Y Ahora si comenzamos…. El frío es tan intenso que los pájaros se congelan en pleno vuelo antes de caer estrellados contra el suelo. El sonido que emiten al fallecer es dulce, a pesar de que se trata del ruido de la muerte. Es el día más frío de la historia. Y hoy es el día de mi nacimiento. Hay veces que la vida te puede dar una mala jugada, rindiendo siempre a los problemas de la vida intentado escapar de ellos, impidiendo encontrar tu mayor sueño… la felicidad. Pero hay veces que debes correr riegos y darlo todo por eso sueño al que seguro estas decidido a no dejarlo escapar y poder alcanzar. Para mi ese sueño se a cumplido a pesar de todo lo que tuve que pasar por ello incluso dando mi propia vida al final pude alcanzar ese rayo de felicidad que estuve buscando por tanto tiempo y todo fue gracias a ella. Miss Madeleine: Primero, no toques las agujas de tu corazón. Segundo, domina tu cólera. Tercero y más importantes, no te enamores jamás de los jamases. Si no cumples estas normas, la gran aguja del reloj de tu corazón traspasará tu piel, tus huesos se fracturarán y la mecánica del corazón se estropeará de nuevo. Esas palabras sonaban en mi mente sin cesar todo lo que siempre había querido estaba frente mío pero no me atrevía a decírselo… no quería perderla de nuevo, pase mucho para hallarla y no la volveré a soltar. Acacia: ¿Qué es ese soniquete? Jack: Es el sonido de mi corazón, lo que siento por ti no tiene palabras para describirse, siento que el tiempo parece haberse detenido y no quiero que retome su curso habitual. Acacia: Siempre soñé con el momento de encontrarte y al fin lo hice. Jack: Todo lo que pase por encontrarte… mi amor es mucho más fuerte de lo que crees porque… yo… -¿Es tu corazón lo que hace tanto ruido? -Jack: Sí. -Estás enamorado de ella, ¿verdad? Mi cerebro quiere decir \"No, no...\", pero mi corazón, como siempre, tiene una relación más directa con mis labios. - Sí, creo que estoy enamorado de ella. -Que no te oiga ni siquiera pensar en ella, o te aplastaré el reloj que te sirve de corazón contra el cráneo. Te lo haré pedazos, ¿me oyes? ¡Te lo haré pedazos de tal modo que ya no volverás a ser capaz de amar!- Jack: Estoy jugándome mi destino….esta noche me encaramaré a la luna, me instalaré en su cruasán como si estuviera en una hamaca y no tendré ninguna necesidad de dormir para soñar por yo al fin te tengo a ti. Acacia: Pase lo que pase me encargare siempre de proteger tu corazón, el tiempo parece haberse detenido y no quiero que retome su curso habitual. -¿Dónde está Miss Acacia? -No he oído muy bien lo que has dicho…. -¿Dónde está? Dime dónde está. Ya sea aquí o en Andalucía, la encontraré, ¿comprendes?- Jack: Me siento invenciblemente feliz al oír esas palabras de tu boca. Aún sigo recordando perfectamente el compás de esa canción, la canción que nos unió. Acacia: He perdido mis gafas, en realidad no me las quise poner, hacen que mi cara parezca ridícula, una cara de gallardete… con gafas. No me importa ver borroso cuando canto y cuando beso, prefiero tener los ojos cerrados. Jack: Oh, mi pequeño incendio, permítame mordisquear su ropa, desmenuzarla a buenas dentelladas, escupirlas como un confeti para besarla bajo una lluvia… Acacia: ¿He oído bien? ¿Confeti?, no veo más que fuego, con solo unos pasos puedo perderme a lo lejos, tan lejos en mi calle, que no me atreva ya siquiera a mirar derecho a los ojos del cielo, no veo más que fuego. Jack: Yo lo guiaré hasta el exterior de su cabeza, yo seré su par de gafas y usted mi cerilla. Acacia: Tengo que confesarle algo, lo escucho, pero no lograría reconocerle jamás aunque estuviera sentado entre un par de viejecitos… Jack: Nos frotaremos el uno contra el otro hasta chamuscarnos el esqueleto, y cuando el reloj de mi corazón dé las doce en punto, arderemos, sin necesidad de abrir los ojos. Acacia: Lo sé, soy una mente ardiente, pero cuando la música se detiene, me cuesta abrir los ojos, me enciendo como una cerilla y mis párpados queman con mil fuegos hasta romper mis gafas, sin pensar siquiera en abrir los ojos. Jack: Oh, mi pequeño incendio, permítame mordisquear su ropa, desmenuzarla a buenas dentelladas, escupirlas como un confeti para besarla bajo una lluvia… Nos acercamos más y más, podía sentir su calor corporal acercándose al mío, un exquisito aroma a rosar llegaba a mis narices, mi corazón latía a mil por hora, después de tanto al fin pude conseguirlo….estar con el amor de mi vida. Una sensación espectacular y mágica recorrió mi cuerpo, una nueva experiencia que nunca había sentido antes, sus labios habían rosado los míos… era como si el mismo tiempo se hubiese detenido especialmente para nosotros dos, hubiera querida que ese momento nunca acabase pero nada seguirá siendo como un cuento de hadas solo podía hacer hacer algo en ese momento… Seguir gozando del este tiempo con Acacia, seguir danzando hasta los sinfines de la Tierra, hasta poder parar y regalarle la luna. Acacia: No hay nada más divertido que la imprudencia. Jack: La máquina de los sueños se pone de nuevo en marcha, lentamente. Acacia: Un rato más en el mundo de fantasía no haría daño ¿Verdad?... -Muéstrale tu verdadero corazón, es el único truco de magia posible.- Jack: Para siempre es una mejor opción… «Sin el reloj de Madeleine, no habrías sobrevivido al día más frío del mundo. Pero al cabo de unos meses tu corazón se bastaba a sí mismo. Ella habría podido sacar el reloj, como hacía con los puntos de sutura. Tendría que haberlo hecho, en realidad. Ninguna familia se atrevía a adoptarte a causa de ese artilugio tic-taqueante que salía de tu pulmón izquierdo. Con el tiempo, se encariñó contigo. Madeleine te veía como una cosita frágil, que había que proteger a cualquier precio, ligada a ella por ese cordón umbilical en forma de reloj. Madeleine te veía como una cosita frágil, que había que proteger a cualquier precio, ligada a ella por ese cordón umbilical en forma de reloj. Temía terriblemente el día en que te convertirías en un adulto. Intentó ajustar la mecánica de tu corazón de modo que pudiera conservarte para siempre cerca de ella. Nos había prometido hacerse a la idea de que tal vez tú también llegarías a sufrir por amor, pues la vida está hecha así. Pero no lo consiguió.» Jack: Volver al tiempo en que amaba sin estrategias, cuando me arrojaba de cabeza sin miedo a estrellarme contra mis sueños. ¡Volver! La época en la que no tenía miedo a nada, en la que podía subirme al cohete rosa del amor sin abrocharme al cinturón, esta vez no le daré solo la llave, sino el corazón entero, con la esperanza de que le apetezca de nuevo reparar el amor conmigo. (...) Es un momento precioso. ¡Regalarle un paquete con el verdadero corazón de uno a la mujer amada no es poca cosa! Si todo eso lo vale por el sueño al cual querrás y estoy seguro que llegaras a alcanzar. N/A: Drásticamente la historia fueron partes del libro pero unas cuantas cosas que quise cambiar, aun así espero que les haya gustado, cuídense mucho y nos leeremos en la siguiente. -Saludos TheAkemi-san555. ","Summary":" Al compás de mi Tic Tac N/A: Hola a todos esta será una historia pequeña de la película de Jack y l"},{"Movie":"Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart Ja...","Title":"Jack and the Cuckoo Clock Heart: Epilogue","Author":"sonicking2004","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10783416","Passage":"[Chapter 1] True Heart Jack had thought his heart could not be any more broken, figuratively or literally. However, as he stood on that hill looking on his mother's grave, Jack felt the last piece of light within him shatter. He had lost his beloved Acacia because he'd been too afraid and hesitant to share with her all the details of his life, and so Joe was able to poison her mind against him by twisting those details to his favor. And now, after traveling all the way back home, his cuckoo clock heart a wreck in his chest, Jack had learned that his mother had died alone in prison. Jack's Aunts and Grandfather were still here, remaining in the house mere yards away to give Jack a moment alone to pay his respects to his mother, but Jack never felt more alone in this world. As he turned from his mother's grave to gaze at the snow falling on the town below, Jack felt colder than ever inside and out. Finally, strength and hope gone, he dropped to the ground and let the heaviness on his eyes win out, falling into unconsciousness. Jack didn't know how long he sat there in the snow, but the first sign of awareness he had was the sound of an angel calling his name. He still felt himself freezing, but this familiar sounding angel's voice made him feel somewhat warmer inside. When he felt the warm touch on his leg then his face, Jack found the strength to open his eyes and was surprised to see his beloved Acacia before him. This must be a dream, Jack thought, not believing what his eyes were trying to tell him, or I'm dead. Either way, I don't care anymore. So long as I can see her looking at me that way again, it's worth it. Jack then saw her reach into her pocket and retrieve the face of his clock that had blown off before she fit it back in place. She'd kept it, Jack thought in amazement, She'd found it and brought back here, she must still care! When Jack saw Acacia reach inside her coat to retrieve the key he'd entrusted to her, Jack reached out to stop her. Even though the clock face was back in place, Jack could feel that his heart was missing a number of cogs inside, and his heart was unstable enough when it was still whole. If Acacia wound it up now and Jack let his emotions spin out of control again, as was bound to happen, then his heart would surely blow and harm her. He would not let that happen, it's better now that his winding is about exhausted. \"I'm not too late,\" Acacia pleaded with him, \"I came back to save you.\" \"You already have,\" Jack assured her, feeling happier in these final moments with her than he'd felt his entire life. \"No, please listen to me,\" Acacia tried again, \"Let me give your heart a turn with the key.\" \"You came all the way back for me,\" Jack told her, feeling warmer inside, \"That's the most extraordinary turn you could have given my heart.\" As he took his clock key back from Acacia, Jack told her, \"Thank you.\" Then, despite her protests, Jack threw his key far away. When Acacia tore her eyes away from the vanished key to meet Jack's again he continued, \"From now on, whatever happens to me, I'll only have myself to blame. Now you can kiss me.\" As Acacia stared into his eyes in shock, clearly torn between the temptation to take Jack up on his invitation and the desperate desire to search for the key and save him, Jack felt the hands on his clock move fitfully and begin moving faster and faster. Know his end was nigh, Jack took advantage of Acacia's inaction and tenderly removed her glasses. Jack saw Acacia's breath speed up and felt his own breath quicken to match. Finally, their mutual attraction won out and their lips closed the distance between them. As the whirlwind of emotions within him caused him to see fireworks go off behind his closed eyes, Jack felt himself grow so warm that he no longer felt the cold of the air and snow. The only thing that felt real to him was the warmth of Acacia in his arms, the tenderness of her embrace on his shoulders. After what seemed like an eternity, the sound of the wind stopped. In fact, it seemed as though he heard no other noise anymore. Even his heart had stopped ticking. As he pulled away, he saw his beloved still sitting there in the position she'd been in as he was kissing her, as well as the snowflakes hanging motionless in the air, and he realized he'd come to the end. He took her hand in one of his and fondly caressed her cheek with his other, wanting to tell her just how happy she'd made him but finding any words woefully inadequate. Then he released her and climbed up on his mother's grave marker to reach one of the snowflakes hanging in the air. Once he found it held his weight, he pulled himself up to grab another then another, climbing ever higher in the air. Jack turned back once to look down at Acacia, tempted to return and spend another moment with her. However, the compulsion he felt to climb even higher was stronger still, so Jack returned his gaze to the sky as he continued his ascent. Jack had expected it to get colder as he climbed higher, as he'd learned in school it was supposed to, but instead he felt warmer. It wasn't mere heat either, as it warmed every part of him, every hidden alcove in his body, mind and heart, chasing away every ounce of anger and sadness he'd ever felt, leaving only happiness and love behind, and Jack could swear that he felt his heart beating faster in response. Not merely ticking, as it had as long as he could remember, but actually beating as he had felt in other people's chests. Finally, after a long climb that didn't feel nearly long enough, Jack found himself above the storm, in a area that was light and clouds as far as he could see. A short distance in front of him Jack saw an enormous gate, more grand and beautiful than any he'd ever seen in his life, and standing to one side was a beautiful specimen of a man. Not handsome, as he might apply to some of those he had come across in his travels, but beautiful. This man seemed to glow from within by an inner light, the same kind that lit this wondrous place and made the air practically sing, and he had a magnificent pair of wings upon his back. They didn't look odd on him or appear out of place, as did similar features on the traveling oddities that lived in the circus where Acacia had worked, but instead they looked as a natural part of him, and Jack felt a momentary sense of being out of place that he didn't have his own pair. However, Jack's brief focus on this man was cut short as his gaze was drawn to a smaller figure standing before the gates. At first he didn't recognize this young woman, with her rather light-brown hair and flawless complexion. But then he looked into her eyes as she smiled at him, looking both happy and sad at the same time, and something sparked within him. \"Mother!\" Jack cried out as he raced towards her, and she kneeled down to take him into her embrace. \"Oh, Jack! I'm so happy to see you again!\" Jack heard her say in his ear as her tears fell on his shoulder, then she pulled back to arms length to look him in he eyes as she said, \"But it's too soon! Far too soon! Jack, what are you doing here?\" \"I…I'm sorry, Mother,\" Jack mumbled as he cast his eyes down, feeling shame as he recalled what it was that brought his life to a close, \"I….I couldn't…\" \"Never mind that now,\" Madeleine said as she pulled his chin back up to look in his eyes, \"Can you forgive me, Jack? Can you forgive this foolish woman for doing such a poor job as your mother?\" \"What? How can you say that?\" Jack asked her, shocked, \"You were a wonderful mother! I could not have asked for any better. I was the one who failed to follow the three rules you set for me. It was my fault that I ended up here now, not yours.\" \"That's very sweet, and I'm happy to hear you say that, but I'm afraid that's not true,\" Madeleine countered. \"What do you mean?\" Jack asked her confusion. \"The three rules I'd set for you were merely to be a guideline, a safety net for you to protect you when you were younger,\" Madeleine explained soberly, \"I had always meant to replace your cuckoo clock heart with one that would be better able to deal with the turbulent emotions life throws our way. I had not expected to grow as attached to you as I had, you had filled my life with such joy. As you grew older I began to fear that you would end up leaving me.\" \"Just like Grandpa said,\" Jack whispered in realization. Madeleine nodded in shame as she continued, \"The rules I'd once used to protect you wound up becoming my lifeline instead. I had forgotten about making you a better heart and instead kept you from living a full live. That was horrible of me. I should not have kept you from finding true love, the kind of love I had never known until you entered my life.\" \"I love you too, and you were a great mother: you only wanted the best for me,\" Jack insisted, \"Anyway, I managed to find that love you were talking about before the end, so I have no regrets.\" \"No, my love, it's not your time yet. You must go back,\" Madeleine countered. \"No, I don't want to lose you again,\" Jack argued gently, \"Besides, my clock's completely broken, so I couldn't go back even if I wanted to.\" \"Your mother's right, it's too soon for you to be here. You're still needed back home,\" Jack heard a voice behind his mother say. At first he thought it was the angel who spoke, but then he realized that the voice was female. Looking over his mother's shoulder, Jack saw a young woman with reddish-brown hair and skin like cream. \"Who is that?\" Jack asked his mom. \"That is Heidi,\" Madeleine told him, \"your real mother.\" \"My….real mom?\" Jack asked in confusion and disbelief. \"I am the one who gave birth to you, yes, and you had grown to be even more handsome than I had ever imagined,\" Heidi told him as she walked forward to get a better look at him, \"but I feel I must correct Madeleine in her assumption that she wasn't a real mother to you. She had raised you far better than I ever could.\" \"But why couldn't you?\" Jack asked her, \"Not that I ever regretted being brought up by Mom, but why couldn't you raise me?\" \"I was poor, even before your father dumped me to chase after some other girl,\" Heidi told him, \"I could not even afford to pay for some doctor to help me deliver you into this world. That was why I had walked so far on that coldest of days to Madeleine's house. Despite the reputation that she had around the town, I went there because I'd heard she never turns anyone away. When I saw how she was with you, I knew that she'd be the one best suited to bringing you up right, that she would love you as much as I did, and I was right.\" \"Then why did you leave?\" Jack asked again, \"If you loved me, then why did you leave me?\" \"It was because I loved you that I left you with her,\" Heidi answered him, \"After your father abandoned me, I was living on the streets and only got by due to the pity others had taken on a pregnant woman such as myself. I did not live for much longer I left, and I do not believe I would have lasted much longer if I'd kept you with me, nor would you have survived either then. Even if we had survived till the day you were old enough to better handle caring for yourself, life on the streets is no place for a growing boy such as yourself. You have too good a heart to have to resort to have to doing such things as robbing people or conning them out of their money. You deserved the best start in life, and I saw that in Madeleine, or am I wrong, Jack?\" When Jack smiled at the woman who raised him and shook his head in agreement, Heidi also looked at Madeleine as she said to her, \"I know you had made a mistake or two in raising Jack. You would not be human if you had not with your first child, nor would you be a well suited mother if the thought of parting with him did not bother you. However, it is apparent just how much you loved him, and that is what every child deserves most of all.\" Madeleine nodded and dabbed a tear from the corner of her eye as she said, \"He was my entire world. I could not bear the thought of my life without him.\" \"I understand, believe me,\" Heidi assured her, \"My decision wasn't easy for me either, but it helped me to know that I was leaving Jack with someone who would do for him what I could not. That is why I admired you just now. Though it would be easier in some ways for us both if Jack remained here with us, you knew that it was not best for Jack and you told him to return.\" Heidi then turned back towards Jack and continued, \"And that is what you must do. You need to go back and live the life we both had sacrificed so much to ensure you had.\" \"Thank you, both of you, but I can't,\" Jack said as he smiled at both of his mothers, \"My heart, you see…it's gone.\" Heidi smiled first at Jack, then she continued smiling as she turned towards Madeleine and said, \"Show him.\" Jack looked on in confusion as Madeleine kneeled before him and ran her hands over the cloudy surface, as if she were smoothing out the wrinkles in a tablecloth, then he gasped in awe as the translucent surface between her hands suddenly became clear. It was like he could see for miles from up here, and what was more he could see everything in detail. Looking one way, Jack saw a bunch of kids playing in his old school yard, and in another Jack saw his old nemesis Joe raging and fuming as he rode alone in his carriage. \"You see, Jack?\" his mother Madeleine told him, \"You can see everything from up here. Nothing is hidden from our view up here, not what takes place behind locked doors, nor what happened in the past.\" Madeleine then adjusted her position and said to jack, \"Here, take a look.\" Jack looked where his mother directed him to and he saw inside his old room on the house on the hill. There he saw himself lying on his old bed while a man leaned over him. Jack could not see his face but he noticed that his close cropped brown hair was still damp and windswept from the storm, as was the simple and functional yet unusual garb he wore. They weren't the only ones in the room either, as Jack's family and Acacia were gathered around this man as he worked tirelessly on Jack's heart. Occasionally one of his aunts would hand the man a part or tool, but they mostly stayed near his grandpa to give him comfort, none of their eyes dry. Jack's main focus was drawn to Acacia, however, as he saw she was encircled by her own thorny vine while she sobbed piteously into her hands despite one of his aunts patting her on the back comfortingly. \"Acacia,\" Jack said morosely, his heart breaking again at the sight. \"As you can see, Jack, there are those on Earth who still love and care for you,\" Heidi told him, \"They are working feverously to bring you back, and they will if you let them.\" \"Really?\" Jack asked her. Madeleine nodded as she added, \"Up here I had seen that young girl Acacia had a much harder life than yours, having been orphaned at such a young age when the constables hauled her mother away, and I knew what pain I'd caused you both when I'd tore the two of you apart. No one can force you to go, but if you stay it may hurt her more than she'll ever be able to recover from. I've done my best to help you to survive, but the time has come now for you to truly live.\" Jack looked back and forth between his mothers as he asked, \"Can I?\" \"That, my boy, is up to you,\" Jack heard the melodic voice of the angel answer, \"Your mother's guidance has helped you to live well, you not done anything seriously wrong on purpose, felt regretful for that which happened by accident, and even chose to sacrifice your life to safeguard that of the one you love. You have earned a place here, should you choose to remain.\" Jack glanced between his kindly smiling mothers and the sight of Acacia mourning him before he turned back towards the angel and asked, \"Will I ever be able to come back here?\" \"That is again dependent on you,\" the angel told him, \"If you remain true to His will, remain faithful to the one you choose, and do your utmost to help rather than harm others, then there's no reason you should not find your way back here again once your time once more comes.\" \"Just remember that, even though you don't see us, we will always be watching over you,\" Heidi told him with a smile . \"And that we will always love and be proud of you, my son,\" Madeleine added. Jack took a deep breath, then let it out in a sigh as he smiled and looked at his mothers as he said, \"Then I'm ready to go back. How do I do that?\" The angel smiled at him and answered, \"Wake up.\" Jack became aware of a sensation like the weight of the world was on him, particularly on his chest and eyes. As he struggled to open his eyes, Jack involuntarily let out a groan as that pressure then translated itself into pain. As his eyes worked to focus on the figure before him, Jack heard an unfamiliar voice say, \"Good morning, sleepyhead. Welcome back to the land of the living.\" When Jack finally managed to focus on the one who spoke, Jack saw a handsome young man not much older than Jack sitting in a chair beside his bed. At first Jack thought he was still dead, as this man was nearly as handsome as the angel he'd seen with his mothers. But then he saw the tiny wrinkles in the corners of this man's eyes, which together with the lack of wings indicated that the man was arguably human. When Jack noticed the man's hair and unusual garments, he recognized this man as the one he's seen in his mothers' visions as the one who was working to bring him back. As Jack became aware of Acacia's presence in the room, Jack felt a twinge of jealousy at how much more handsome this man was more than he. However, Jack had not much time to dwell on the feeling as the air was shattered by the squeals of his aunts as they swarmed him from both sides, smothering him with hugs and kisses and sobbing over him. Finally one of his aunts got her self together enough to turn her tear streaked face towards the male stranger and said, \"You did it Doctor, you brought him back! You're a genius, thank you!\" The young man smiled back at her as he corrected her, \"As I had told you before I'm no doctor. I'm merely good with my hands, especially when it comes to metal and moving parts. Your late sister Madeleine was the real genius. I was amazed when you told me that clock had kept him alive all this time in place of his heart, but Jack sitting up before us is living proof of that fact.\" \"Still, you brought our Jack back to us, and for that we could not think you enough,\" Jack's other aunt told him gratefully, and the young man nodded in acknowledgement. Jack looked down at his chest and saw that his cuckoo clock was gone. In its place was a pocket watch, similar to the style that Jack had seen many gentlemen use, although this one had a few more hands and dials beneath the glass dome covering its face. This watch was supported by an elaborate framework that Jack could feel filling the gaps of where the cuckoo clock used to be, and that framework was covered with the same flesh-colored felt that was on the outer surface of the watch's hinged cover. As Jack ran his fingers over this new addition in his chest, he felt a hand rest on the crown of his head, and he looked and saw his grandfather smiling down at him. \"How are you feeling, my boy?\" Jack's grandfather asked him, tears streaming down his face. \"Like I've just had every fight I've ever had with Joe all over again, and had lost every one, but otherwise all right,\" Jack admitted. Jack's grandfather nodded and smiled as he said, \"That boy might deny that he's a genius, but there's no doubt that he knows his stuff. After he replaced your clock and made sure you were stable, he went and fixed my back. Used some sort of special oil that removed the rust on my spine and said that it would prevent any new rust from forming for around 20-30 years, can you believe it? Of course I don't see myself being around for that long, but I haven't felt this good in years. We were all lucky he happened to be passing by when he did.\" Jack nodded in agreement, then he noticed that Acacia hadn't joined their group. She was still sitting in the same position Jack had saw her upon waking, with the chair turned so her back was facing him, and both she and the chair were so densely wrapped in thorny vines that anyone else viewing her from a distance might have mistaken her for a potted plant. Gingerly Jack eased himself out of bed, wincing slightly when the weight shifted to his foot caused a pin and needle sensation to erupt throughout his entire body, then he turned down his grandfather's steadying hand as he slowly made his way over to Acacia. Reaching out his hand towards her as he tentatively called out, \"Acacia…?\" \"How could you do that to me?\" Acacia asked him without turning to look at him, her voice apparently thick from crying. When Jack didn't answer, his hand frozen mere inches from making contact, Acacia continued, \"You just gave up. You wouldn't let me save you and just let yourself die. How could you leave me alone like that?\" \"I'm sorry, but my heart was just too broken. If you wound it up and it went out of control again it might have went and hurt you seriously or worse. I could not live with that,\" Jack explained, then he looked down at the floor as he continued, \"Besides, you deserve someone much better than me, someone who's whole and can love you fully…\" \"And what about what I think, huh!?\" Acacia burst out angrily as she spun out of the chair to stand and glare at him, the motion combined with the vines wrapped around it caused the chair to fly towards and splinter against the wall that was now behind her. As Jack looked into those eyed he adored, which were now red from crying, Acacia continued, \"Don't you think I get to choose who it is I love!? Do you honestly believe I could have went on in this world with you gone? If that man had not saved you when he had, I honestly don't know what I would have done.\" As Jack's mind whirled trying to come up with an argument that would sway Acacia from this train of thought, he caught a movement out of the corner of his eye. Stealing a glance, Jack saw the male stranger shaking his head \"no\" shortly before he leaned in and said quietly into Jack's ear, \"Trust me, lad, this is one argument you're never going to win. It's better if you just nod and say, 'You're right, I'm sorry.' \" Jack sighed deeply before focusing on Acacia and saying, \"You're absolutely right, I shouldn't have done that to you. I'm sorry, forgive me?\" The vines receded somewhat as Acacia said in a pleading tone, \"Just promise me you will never do that to me again.\" Jack hesitated for only half a second before saying, \"Okay, I promise.\" Then the thorny vines vanished completely as Acacia smiled hugely and tightly embraced Jack in her trembling arms, an embrace he immediately returned. \"Not that it'll come to that, mind you,\" the man said as he packed his things into a small bag, \"as that timepiece is of the finest craftsmanship you'll find anywhere. It may not have the same charm as your old cuckoo clock, but it'll last far longer and should not require any maintenance as long as you're alive. You won't even need to wind it, as the kinetic force of your natural motions like walking will keep it wound for you. I've even specially modified it to be better able to handle how emotions like fear, anger and love would make your heart race. While not losing your temper is still a good habit to keep, the only rule I would recommend you still follow is the one about not adjusting the hands of your watch, as it is not there to keep the time but to maintain the time you have left.\" \"Really? Thanks!\" Jack said gratefully as he looked down at his new heart with new appreciation, wondering just how much of this his mothers had a hand in. \"Oh. One more thing,\" the man said as he picked up his bag, \"You don't have to worry anymore about the constables arresting you or anything. It seems that the mates of your old friend Joe had testified against him about what had really happened to his eye and how it came to that point. I guess your mother dying alone in prison gave them a change of heart and jumpstarted their conscience. Now the constables are looking for Joe instead, seeking to bring him up on charges of assault with deadly intent. They may still have some questions about your side of the story, but since they concluded you were only defending yourself as far as they're concerned you're a free man.\" As Jack's aunts and grandfather exclaimed happily and one of them said \"That's wonderful news!\" Acacia looked down in confusion as she said, \"But Joe had told me that he wanted to take me back home to Edinburgh in order to start over.\" \"That part of his story was obviously a lie, as he would be arrested the moment he set foot in town,\" the man explained to her, \"He was probably planning to 'just happen' upon a quaint little cottage along the way and suggest that you guys settle down there instead. No, he fled the moment his mates squealed on him and now will likely be running for the rest of his life. Now if you'll excuse me I really must be going.\" \"Are you sure we can't impose on you to stay the night? It's getting really cold out and we can have a hot dinner prepared for you,\" one of Jack's aunts asked the man. \"That very generous of you, but I must decline,\" the stranger responded, \"I was in the middle of a quest when I happened upon you people, and it's high time I returned to it.\" As he stepped out the door and turned towards the front entrance, though, he stopped for a moment and looked around, saying to no one in particular, \"This in an interesting place you folks live in. Should my quest go well and I have the time after, I would not mind coming back for a visit.\" Acacia looked around at the others, who all nodded before she said, \"We would like that very much, kind sir.\" \"Absolutely,\" Jack said gratefully as Acacia melted into his one armed embrace, \"and thank you once again, for everything.\" \"It was my pleasure,\" the man said with a smile of his own, and Jack could have sworn that he saw a spark of electricity shoot in between his eyes as he continued, \"and please, call me Julian.\" \"The true mind can weather all lies and illusions without being lost. The true heart can touch the poison of hatred without being harmed. Since the beginning of time, Darkness has thrived in the void, But always yields to purifying light.\" Julian will appear again in \"Big Hero 6: Storm and Fury\" Foreword: The purpose of this update is to answer some of the questions that you, the reader, have asked me in your reviews of this story. Though the reviews thus far have been largely positive, one of the questions (or I should say, complaints) was that this story is \"not like the movie\" or \"not how it truly ended\", and to which my answer would be \"Of course not!\" As I had said in the description of this story, I was not satisfied with the original movie's ending, which was more bitter than sweet, so I wrote this story to extend it out to what I felt the true ending should be. I made sure to make the beginning of my addition as close in details to the ending of the movie as possible (of course I realize I was watching a Dubbed version, so if something was lost in translation I apologize), and I strived to make all the characters that originated from that world as close in personalities as I could. The other question that was brought up to me was just who is Julian, the character that replaced Jack's heart and saved his life. To put it simply, Julian is an OC (that's Original Character) that I had come up with a long time ago. Originally featured in my FanFic Frozen: the Return, Julian had either been mentioned or his presence was felt in some of my other FanFictions, but this is the first one since his conception that he actually made an appearance. If you'd like to find out more about him and the lives he's touched (both directly and indirectly) before the next chapter come out, here is the reading list in order: -Frozen: The Return |-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-| (Elsa and friends) (Julian [OC] ) Frozen: Second Star-Jack and the Cuckoo Clock Heart: Epilogue Frozen: Cold Stone-=-=-=-=-| Frozen: The Rift -=-=-=-=-=-| Frozen: Cold War-Big Hero 6: Storm and Fury -=-=-=-=-=-=|-=-=-=-=-=- Drago's Revenge Cold Spell Thanks for your support, and I hope to see you again in the future. ","Summary":" True Heart Jack had thought his heart could not be any more broken, figuratively or literally. Howe"},{"Movie":"Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart Ja...","Title":"The Star I Saw","Author":"Tobi Is My Name","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11188020","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Everyone focuses on Jack and Miss Acacia's romance but . . . is everyone forgetting that she did send Joe birthday cards and letters? There's a reason for that so I'm going to do my best to tell that side of the story, Joe's side. RnR please. It had all been so much better before he came around! At least it had felt as such . . . Joe, short for Joseph Douglas, had everything he should want. He was from a well-to-do family going to a good school, he was taller than everyone else and bigger than everyone else and he had a girlfriend! And not just any little bird, no, his Miss Acacia was not only beautiful but her voice made him melt! On the inside anyway, Joe knew better than to show anything on the outside. He was often surprised by Miss Acacia's affections, not that he thought he didn't deserve them, just that they caught him off-guard most of the time. Joe had started bullying her like any of the other children; he desired control of his surroundings so naturally he wanted control over the school children and courtyard; pushing and scaring his way into the comfortable position of top-dog. Miss Acacia, however, was different, she didn't listen to his snide remarks and smiled every time he dumped her books onto the ground or took those glasses she frequently wore. He remembered it well, the day he couldn't find it in him to try and bully her anymore, he took her glasses and held them up high and she punched him right in the gut. It hadn't hurt, Joe had taken worse hits from grown adults so a little girl half his size was nowhere near harming him, but it had dislodged something inside Joe, something he couldn't explain and then her thorns had bristled from nothing and he was smitten. \"I don't want them anyway, so you can keep them!\" And with that she had turned on her heels and stomped up to the schoolhouse, leaving Joe stunned and unable to comprehend why he wasn't laughing at her retreating back or why he was clutching the decidedly bent and abused pair of specs to his chest. He fled from the yard that day and went about trying to understand what had happened. \" . . . the witch cast a spell on me.\" He concluded and pushed it from his thoughts. Joe had half-a-mind to throw the glasses in a storm drain but chose to pocket them instead without really understanding why. Joe soon found it difficult to push his dominance on Miss Acacia, every time he opened his mouth to make a remark or pick up a rock for throwing, he'd falter and his mind would go blank. One day in particular stood out as the day Joe finally broke, he was having a bad week; the black eye he'd been sporting made others cringe and gave him a bad mood all around so he was ready to pick on anyone small and stupid enough to get in his way and of course it had to be her. Joe shoved Miss Acacia forward so she fell on her hands and knees, dropping her books and causing everyone to stop and watch. Joe heaved every breath and readied himself for what he was about to say, his mouth opened and he was just gathering the syllables together when the girl started to do something that shocked him so badly that he almost fell backward. Miss Acacia began to cry. And not just sniffles or whimpers, those were something Joe was used to eliciting from others, no this was full-blown sobbing. Miss Acacia hugged herself, her thorns coiled around her arms and neck and she sobbed like her heart was broken. And before Joe could make up his mind as to what to do, she turned her teary eyes at him with so much anger and hurt there, and she just looked at him while her scraped knees pressed into the cobblestone. The bell sounded and everyone else ran to the building but Joe and Miss Acacia. They just stared at each other in a battle of wills with Acacia sobbing her anger and Joe staring slack-jawed and unable to comprehend any of this. It went on for a minute or two then she finally spoke, \"Why?\" She asked so quietly that Joe felt himself lean forward to hear better. \"Why . . . ?\" He repeated dumbly. She nodded, \"Answer me.\" Joe blinked then straightened himself up, glaring down at her as he remember that he was the one in a foul mood and he was the one that needed to feel better, not her. \"You're small and weak and-\" \"I'm not asking why you pushed me, that much was obvious.\" Acacia slowly gathered her books and wiped at her eyes. \"Then what are you asking?\" Joe snarled and crossed his arms, \"Stupid, little-\" \"Why did he hit you this time?\" She bowled right over him but was able to keep her voice low so no one else would hear. Joe's mouth opened to ask 'who?' but then he realized. Miss Acacia knew . They sat on a fence toward the outskirts of town, Miss Acacia and Joe, together. Sitting on a fence. He glanced slowly at her and all the times he'd wanted to push her down or say something nasty seemed so pointless. \"You didn't answer my question.\" Acacia pointed out, running her fingers over the spine of one of her books. Joe looked at her then closed his eyes, she'd chased him all the way out here and he had no idea why she'd followed him in the first place, \"You already know.\" Joe murmured, tilting his head back, \"I don't think I need to go into any more detail than that.\" \" . . . is that why you're such a bully?\" Acacia's voice was so soft and kind . . . Joe bit his lip a little then composed his face, \"I'm not a bully.\" \"Bullies push others around and hurt people to feel better about themselves. You're a bully.\" \"He's a bully. Not me. I just want control, stability. I want to be in charge.\" Joe opened his eyes and looked up at the Scottish sun, bright but so cold. \" . . . Joe.\" He felt a hand on his shoulder and he flinched away from it without knowing why then amended that Acacia's hands were cold and she'd startled him and nothing more. \"What?\" He asked shortly, not really liking the idea of someone being able to make him nervous. \"Is that why you don't like being touched? Because he hits you?\" She scooted closer and Joe immediately got off the fence, \"I'm not going to hurt you.\" \"Of course you aren't, I'd snap your arm like a twig if you tried!\" Joe took several steps back then stopped and swallowed, \" . . . why does he hit me?\" Acacia set her books down and slowly got off the fence, moving cautiously toward Joe, \"I don't know . . . I don't know, Joe, but I'm not going to hurt you. It's alright.\" Joe made an aborted attempt to evade her but Acacia's hands closed around his and she held on, yet her grip was so slight that he would have easily been able to break away, it would have been so simple to just knock her hands aside and sneer at her but then Joe was kneeling in the dead grass and crying like his life was over while Acacia hugged him. \"This way.\" Joe led Acacia several months later through the crowded streets of Edinburgh, it was a festival night so naturally every Tom, Dick, and Harry was out and about. Acacia clung to Joe's sleeve, normally it was difficult to see without her glasses but with it being nighttime and the overcrowding, she was extra aware of her handicap, \"I'd hate to get lost . . . \" \"I know.\" Joe murmured as they made their way through the hustle and bustle out to a backfield where they could easily watch the fireworks, a novelty in these parts reserved for special occasions. Joe spread out an old blanket and they sat together and waited. After a few moments and much glancing to see if she was paying attention, Joe slid closer to Acacia, still she didn't stir, so Joe stretched out his hand and brought it down next to hers on the blanket. His heart was racing and he swallowed but carefully moved it closer until their fingers touched, Acacia started and slowly looked at Joe but didn't stop him so he carefully wrapped his long fingers around her tiny hand, holding it like a precious, baby bird. He opened his mouth to say something but the first firework went off and he yelped in surprise, causing him to blush in embarrassment. Luckily it was dark so the bright red splotches went unnoticed on his otherwise pallid skin. Acacia only giggled then gave her own little shriek at the next one, her thorns materialized and she leapt across the blanket and clung onto Joe. Joe's eyes widened and he let go of her hand in surprise then relaxed as the color and light faded from the sky and Acacia looked away bashfully, \"Sorry, it startled me.\" \"It . . . \" Joe cleared his throat and had to shout as a volley of fireworks went off, \"It's alright.\" Acacia looked up at Joe then scooted closer so that her back was pressing into his chest, Joe swallowed and then tentatively put his arms around her protectively, feeling an odd fluttering in his chest and wondering if perhaps he was coming down with something but quickly dismissed the thought when Acacia ooh-ed and aah-ed along with the rest of the crowd and he was able to forget everything when she put her hand up to clasp his arm and all was right with the world for the briefest most fleeting of moments. Then she was just . . . gone. Joe stood dumbfounded at the empty house and clutched at the note in his hand, it was a message from Acacia saying that she would write and that he meant so much to her and that she would never forget his birthday or to visit . . . but she had to go. Don't worry. I love you. The fluttering that had occupied Joe's heart for so long was suddenly gone and left in its place was a heavy, agonizing weight; his songbird, his sunshine, his spring was gone and all that remained was a desolate winter. Joe gasped as his lungs struggled to find a way to guide air past a mysterious lump in his throat and he fled, bumping into people and things but not stopping until he reached his home. He stopped and quickly put the note in his pocket again and straightened his clothes, with a stiff upper lip and neutral facial expression, he entered the house he'd lived in all his life. Joe carefully made it to the staircase of the large house and was about to walk up the stairs and find sanctuary and privacy in his own room when the door to his immediate left opened and firelight poured onto the carpet, illuminating him and he was certain his shadow was trembling as much as he was. \"Where have you been?\" Joe swallowed and slowly looked around to see his father framed in the doorway, \"I was just out for a walk, Papa.\" Alistair Douglas, owner of a successful shipping company, looked down his short nose at his son, he was a full two heads taller than Joe and quite a bit wider, his graying black hair was slicked back and his blue-green eyes narrowed almost to slits, he pointed behind him to the study, \"Get in here, now.\" Joe followed his father into the room and waited while the door closed and locked behind him, then he watched his father move to sit behind his desk next to the lit fire, \"I'll ask ya again, boy, where were you?\" Joe licked his lips and took a slow, nonthreatening breath, \"I was just out for a short walk, Papa, I went to the end of the street and came right back.\" \"Rubbish.\" Joe didn't bother to argue, even though this was such a simple conversation, he refrained from opening his mouth. He got hit a lot less when he was quiet. \"I'll tell you where you've been,\" Alistair stood up and moved to stand in front of the fire, staring into it, \"Ya went ta see that little tramp, that dirty, little witch.\" Joe ground his teeth in the Herculean effort of not speaking. \"I'll bet my ship on it. Ya went over there, but tell me, did ya find yer little witch?\" Alistair turned around slowly, a sick, twisted grin on his face. Joe was silent for only a moment more before he felt himself cracking inside, \" . . . no, Papa.\" \"No, you didn't,\" Alistair moved to stand in front of Joe, \"And do ya know why?\" Joe shook his head though his large brown eyes were already watering. \"Because a little bird told me they didn't have the proper papers to be in our fine countryside.\" Alistair put a heavy hand on Joe's shoulder, his grip tight and threatening. \"You . . . you called the police?\" Joe's knees shook and the lump reappeared. Alistair chuckled darkly, \"Of course I did, have to protect my dear, wee son from such trash, don't I? Have to make sure he isn't mixing bad blood into our pure pedigree.\" Joe's world was falling out from under him, his mouth opened several times but there was nothing to say, his own father had taken his last, precious possession away from him, \"How could you . . . ? I loved h-\" Alistair smacked Joe across the face, sending the already weak-kneed boy to the floor, \"Ya don't know what love is, you pathetic little waste. Now give me the note I know you have.\" Joe shook his head and backed up, bolting for the door but his father was faster, his massive hand clamped down on Joe's shirt and he hoisted the boy back, emptying out his pockets while Joe made a valiant effort to get away. But Alistair deflected each swing and kick as if he was being assailed with raindrops instead of limbs. Joe howled when the note was finally extracted and he was let go, falling in a heap on the floor while his father held the note over the fire, \"No! No, please, Papa, please, I'll do anything just please let me have that back!\" He reached for it but didn't attempt to get closer. Alistair shook his head and sighed, \"You'll thank me one day.\" Joe sobbed as the note turned to ash right before his eyes, he didn't make a move to protect himself as his father undid his heavy leather belt or as it whistled through the air and left stinging stripes on his back that would bruise and rise. The snow fell and Joe stood waiting expectantly at the end of the walk, this time he'd get the postcard first, this time his father wouldn't be able to burn it! This time it would be his! Joe shivered a little as his breath came from his nose or mouth in a cloud of mist, he was cold and his feet were numb but he would very patient and wait. \"Morning.\" Joe turned to see the postman greeting someone down the street, the tall young man quickly made his way to him, \"Do you have anything for a Joe Douglas? Possibly Joseph?\" He glanced over his shoulder absently. \"Let me take a look.\" The postman rifled through his satchel then came up with a card, \"Here ya are, Joe Douglas.\" Joe quickly took it and ran all the way to the fence where he and Acacia used to sit, once he was there he pulled the card from his inside coat pocket and sat down to look at it. It had a picture of an amusement park on one side and the words 'Happy Birthday!' and 'Miss Acacia' on the other. Joe felt himself smile just a little and he sighed, putting the card safely in his coat pocket, she had not forgotten him and she was alright. He felt the slight flutter in his chest again, ever so briefly before it disappeared again and he was left empty, but it was enough; enough to remember to breathe and remind him that he was still alive, to remind his heart to beat underneath its stony shell, to remind his lips to smile and his skin to feel warm and he was happy even for the briefest of moments. Then he came along. Joe hated him the moment he heard that little ginger bastard asking about his Miss Acacia, who else could he be asking after? Who else in Edinburgh had a lovely voice and tiny feet and hated to wear her glasses? Who else could possibly be so perfect that this boy would run about asking for her? Who else would dare? He simply would have to put this whelp into his place and that would be that. A/N: Maybe I just have a thing for massively tragic characters but yeah, this is where I'm going with this and you can come too if you want because honestly I found Joe and Acacia's love story more . . . compelling, I suppose, in its imperfections and all the things left unsaid there was still a large amount of tenderness on Joe's part, e.g.: on his and Jack's birthday he takes the postcard out and looks at it then completely loses it when Jack takes it and causes the card to rip in half in which he flies into a rage. Why would he do that if he didn't actually care about her at all? Anywho, RnR![Chapter 2] A/N: Okay, here it is, Part 2 of this fic! Um, I hope no one was expecting a happy ending because . . . yeah, Joe doesn't get a happy ending, he just isn't that kind of guy, but I tried to let him off as gently as possible. And just so you know, a bit of the dialogue is ripped from the movie because there wasn't a whole lot of just Joe standing around thinking and whatnot, so yeah. RNR! Nothing was working! Joe gritted his teeth angrily and in frustration as that horrid little ginger continued to speak of Miss Acacia, constantly as if it was something normal to do when she was not Jack's! Joe blinked back to himself in time to here the horrendous and forced mumbles of the children that his little 'friend' had wrangled into singing his birthday wishes. Despite the idea that the smaller ones had no choice but to sing for him, it didn't give Joe the thrill he'd hoped for, he couldn't help but feel something inside him shifting. She'd forgotten. For the first time in a long time, Acacia had forgotten his birthday. He'd stood out there with the frost surrounding where he stood, it was an unusually warm winter, no real snowfall yet, so he was alright to wait for the mail carrier. \"You have anything for me? Joseph or Joe Douglas?\" The carrier smiled and rifled through his bag then shook his head, coming up empty, \"Sorry, son, nothing for you.\" Joe had gone back in, he had some time before school so he didn't have anything better to do now that he had no excuse to run to his and Acacia's special place and read her short, perfect note wishing him many happy returns. Joe went to his room, sat on his bed, and cried. His fragile, stony heart throbbed painfully in his chest, cracking just enough that he couldn't feel that bit of warmth she always inspired in him on his one day to feel anything at all! She'd abandoned him, cast him aside, and it was more than he could bear. The boy sobbed as quietly as he could so his father or mother wouldn't hear, pressing his fists against his mouth until he could taste blood, just to stifle the sound. His world crumbled and he couldn't breathe, he needed that birthday card! He needed that small glimmer of sunshine in his dark, gray world where he either hurt beyond measure or felt nothing at all. Then Joe closed his eyes and reached into his coat, pulling out the old postcard, it was worn and creased and faded from how often Joe would pull it out and stare at the letters forming words that reminded him that he was allowed to feel, that there was someone that knew him and wanted him to feel something besides hurt. But words that once brought comfort now stabbed him in the cracks in his stony heart. So Joe listened to the children's half-hearted rendition of the birthday song and when they finished, the bell rang. Joe turned and, in a manner almost as mechanic as Jack, he started for the door, briefly jostled by some little runt (Whom he would remember to teach a lesson in manners to later.), he grunted and straightened his coat, checking his pocket where he kept the postcard only for his heart to stop. It had fallen out. Joe looked around with as much of an air of calm as he could manage, then he looked back and his teeth clenched. Jack had picked it up and was handling Joe's postcard. Joe stormed over to the diminutive ginger. \"Give me that card right now.\" He hissed. \"No, it's my birthday, not yours. It's mine. Happy birthday, signed Miss Acacia. It's to me!\" Jack pressed the card to his heart. \"It's my birthday today! You're running late, Big Ben!\" Joe reached for the card and got a hold of one side only to jerk back when it ripped right down the middle. Joe stared at his half for a split second before something inside him broke. No, not only did it break, but it shattered, exploded, burst into tiny, infinitesimal pieces and the last ounce of control he possessed flooded out of him. Without thinking, Joe wrapped his long fingers around Jack's neck, lifting the little bastard off his feet and squeezing. He swung Jack around until he saw a lamp-post, Joe slammed the smaller boy into it and, while holding him up with one arm, began to viciously attack the cuckoo-clock heart the little freak had. Tearing at it with his fingernails, trying desperately to crush it, rip it apart so Jack would feel every modicum of pain that was pulsing through Joe as h- The cuckoo shot out and Joe had a moment to not even know what happened before he cried out, clutching his face and staggering away from Jack, his eye . . . what had happened? Joe leaned against a tree as the pain got worse with every moment and soon liquid was seeping from under his hand, he fell to his knees and screamed in pain, then he fell onto his side and passed into the darkness. Joe opened his eyes, well, his eye blearily and blinked around the room, it was his room . . . he was home, and there in the corner, by the small lit fireplace, was his mother, sobbing into a handkerchief. Joe grimaced and looked away from her, he had no fondness for his mother . . . she hardly spoke to him and she never intervened when Father's belt was brought down on Joe. She might have once been lovely and kind, but now she was bent from shying away from her husband, and she was wan from years of tears and fear. Joe could only feel loathing toward her and since she had no warmth left for him, there really was not much to say of her. Close to his bedside, however, was his father. Joe tensed instantly, he stared up at the man and swallowed, waiting for something to happen, but Alistair simply stared at him with an oddly neutral look on his face. Joe slowly sat up, grimacing as his head swam and his left eye throbbed sickeningly. \"They removed it, if yer wondering.\" Joe blinked, \"W . . . what?\" \"Yer eye. They removed it. Not much left of it.\" Joe stared at his father, not certain if he was going to be beaten or if his father was going to move at all. \"They told me a boy stabbed ya from school. I sent the police after him.\" Alistair straightened and turned to leave. \"You . . . you did?\" Joe blinked at his father in confusion. Alistair didn't reply and left the room, Joe's mother scurrying to follow after her husband, her body quaking with sobs and tears but Joe could not even begin to imagine who or what they were for, she'd never even twitched an eyelash over him before. Joe had to relearn things. Doing anything with one eye proved incredibly difficult when you were used to doing them with two. Walking. A nuisance when you couldn't tell how far away something was. Eating. Always misjudged the distance and his left hand would fumble and knock things over. Reading. Headaches came after only a few minutes as his eye unfocused and drifted with the strain. Joe might have howled with frustration every time he stumbled into something or missed a step, every time he upset his glass at dinner or dropped something. And the throbbing in his empty socket was only matched by the painful throbbing in his heart. He might have howled, but he didn't, not with his father's eyes trained on him every moment as he struggled and fumbled and tripped and stumbled. Joe had to bite his tongue and the inside of his cheek just to hold back sobs of frustration and gasps of pain, his father had gotten enough satisfaction at Joe's expense . . . not this time. Joe staggered his way toward regaining the rigid, confident and arrogant posture he'd prided himself in. He walked once more with his head high as he stared down his nose at others, his look even more menacing with an eyepatch covering the unoccupied hollow where his left eye once resided. He was once more who he had been and he maintained this all day until he returned to his room. Once there, he would curl up on his bed, bury his face into his pillow, and cry and these times were worse than before, these times he didn't have Acacia's little notes or postcard to press to his lips or those reassuring words that he would read again and again until he could close his eyes and still see them as if they were written on the inside of his eyelids. Now he was truly and utterly alone and inside his broken heart grew cold and icy, not with bitterness or anger, no this was a different kind of cold, this was loneliness . . . once more Joe was lonely . It took Joe a very long time to recover but when he heard that Jack was no longer in Edinburgh, he knew that there was only one place that Jack would go. The little meddling bastard would go right for her. From the very last postcards and letters Joe had also known where she was, but to go after her was out of the question, she was still in danger without the proper papers and if Joe were to attempt to procure them, his father would know and then he might never see or hear from her again. \"She's still mine.\" Joe murmured as a plan started to hatch in his clever mind, \"I will claim her . . . I will expose Jack and I will have what is mine. She must still love me, she simply . . . forgot the date.\" Joe was starting right for the door only to be grabbed by the arm, he froze and looked slowly around him and up at his father, \"Father.\" \"Where are you going?\" Alistair said quietly, his eyes unreadable. \" . . . I'm going after him . . . and her.\" Joe said softly, looking the man in the eye with his singular ocular. Alistair said nothing for a moment, his craggy face seemed to melt slightly, not into any semblance of a smile or really showing any warmth but in defeat. He released his hold on Joe's arm and stepped back, \"I hope ya know what yer doin', Joseph. Ya lost one eye over this girl, don' lose yer head as well.\" Joe blinked slowly up at his father and felt his heart throb, Alistair was letting him go. Alistair was letting Joe go to find his love, the same one that Alistair had had driven from this city. Joe turned back to the door and hurried out before his father could change his mind. The ride was long and bumpy and quiet. Joe didn't wish for chatter or noise, he wanted his thoughts gathered and ready to present to his love, to tell her what Jack really was, to defend his love against such things and . . . to take her home. Joe clutched at his chest and breathed in slowly, they were almost there. Joe's carriage pulled into the carnival right as his Miss Acacia was singing, he calmly left the vehicle but didn't go any closer when he saw Jack standing there, his eyes riveted on the tiny singer. The dark-haired young man could barely contain his conflicting emotions, on one side was his hatred of Jack but the other burned with his love for Acacia, he longed for her to remind him of the days he was allowed sunshine and peace. But Joe was patient, he would wait until the crowd dispersed so that he could go to her. \"Joe? What on Earth brings you here?\" Joe swallowed, \"Oh, well, I always wanted to see Andalusia one day.\" \"Huh.\" Joe blinked as she just turned and went back into her wagon. That was all? No, 'hello' or 'I missed you'? No 'I love you'? He would have even settled for 'how are you?' or 'sorry I forgot your birthday this year' . . . nothing? Nothing at all? He stood there for a moment, not sure what he should do before moving up the stairs, \"And, given that I kept all the birthday cards you'd sent me, I said to myself, 'why don't I drop in on my Miss Acacia? And with a bit of luck, I might get to hear her sing.\" \"That's sweet of you.\" Joe's heart throbbed again, that's all? Not even a hug? No 'thank you' for the flowers or for traveling all the way out here to Spain just for part of a song? He swallowed, not comprehending where this sudden frigidity was coming from, what was going on? She'd used to hug him, kiss him, tell him she loved him. Where had all that warmth gone? Had . . . Had she used it up? Had he taken all she had to give? Was there nothing left for Joe? Just like his mother and his father who wouldn't spare him a passing glance or, in his father's case, only a bruising hit? Joe looked at the suitcase whilst trying to hold in his hurt, \"You're packing up here?\" \"Yes. I was reunited with the boy I loved when I was little, Jack. We leave after the show.\" Joe stood in Miss Acacia's wagon feeling like a fool as he held the bouquet he'd gotten her, the words she spoke resounding in his head, This couldn't be . . . no, this had to be a joke. Joe looked slowly down at the floor as Acacia continued to try and force the suitcase closed. He put the flowers down and, with his cold, throbbing heart, he began to lay out his plan for character assassination, telling Acacia all about that funny little ginger bastard and his freakish heart. She listened with her amber eyes wide and brow scrunched together with concern, but Joe already knew he had her, hook, line, and sinker. She would listen to him, to his every word and she would believe him. Why wouldn't she? She and Joe had known each other for years, what did she know of Jack? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. Joe related the story of losing his eye and the three rules. He told her in dark terms about why she shouldn't be with Jack. Then she turned and stormed out, at first Joe panicked thinking he'd put it a touch too far, but then he heard her confronting Jack and he relaxed, breathing out slowly as he heard her denounce him, reject him, cast him aside. It was even better than receiving a thousand letters from Miss Acacia. Joe smiled to himself and stepped out from the wagon, moving toward Jack, his mind full of all the things he'd just love to do to this interfering menace. Jack staggered about clutching at his heart and Joe felt his satisfaction grow, good, feel broken and hollow inside, feel cold and alone, feel helpless! Joe's eyebrows met and his eye narrowed in a scowl as all the memories came flooding back to him. He'd failed to protect his Acacia before but now he would pull her to him and under his wing, tuck her close to his heart and out of the rain. He would make sure she was happy all of her days and never would anyone ever harm her again, she would be free and safe. His thoughts began to form into words that roiled in his head, unhindered by any force of his own, fueled by his rage and his joy and it wasn't until several words in that he realized he wasn't just thinking it, but speaking the words; monologue for his enemy, his rival, his tormentor for that is what Jack was, tormenting him with thoughts that Joe's little songbird might have flown to another nest, might just have really forgotten him, \"It's no one's fault but your own, Jack,\" Joe looked down at his diminutive enemy, he felt the corner of his mouth twitching in a smirk for a split second, it took only a moment and a few words to throw Jack from him and to the ground, one of the hands of Jack's heart busting off. Joe blinked then hurried to shield Acacia while Jack got back up, then he hurried her back to his carriage and toward safety. Joe sat in the carriage, feeling better, he looked over at her and smiled a little, \"Don't worry, we'll be home soon and all of this will be behind us.\" \"Do you think he'll get over it?\" Joe clenched his teeth, keeping his eyes on her while he related how much trouble Jack brought his own family, hoping to convince her even further that she belonged with Joe, that she would only be hurt if she continued thinking about Jack. There was a silence then Acacia gasped and reached for the door, she said something odd about Jack's heart then hurried out. \"Wait!' Joe called and reached for her he almost had her again but another carriage sped by and kicked up dust making Joe choke and cough. He staggered back to his own carriage to catch his breath and clear his lungs, but when he turned around, she was gone again. Joe stood there, peering into the dark wilderness and his heart constricted. Joe made the carriage driver wait for Miss Acacia, she would come back . . . she had to come back. He sat on the step of the carriage until he heard someone running (rather ungainly) and panting then suddenly she was in front of him on her knees, clutching at his hands, \"Joe . . . Joe we need to hurry! Jack is on his way to Valencia, we can catch up to him and give him his key!\" She gasped for breath and looked pleadingly up at Joe. Joe blinked then quickly lifted her up and put her in the coach, he quickly got in and closed the door, glaring out the window while the carriage was back in motion. Acacia blinked her large, beautiful eyes at him and they were brimming with tears, \"Joe?\" \"He already has a headstart but we'll . . . try.\" He murmured, holding in his own anguish as even now, Jack had her attention, certainly Acacia was Joe's . . . but her heart? Joe quashed the thought before it could bear bitter fruit. Once they reached the station, Acacia leaped out of the coach and right for the tracks, Joe did not try to stop her . . . what was the point? He simply stared out the window and waited for her to return for him . . . or to him . . . or to the carriage . . . or to whatever it was that she thought was worth anything here. Clearly Joe held no worth to her anymore . . . he was second best now, no longer the focus of her affections, he was now just the last poor sod to still be begging for it. She returned not long after leaving, holding up a tiny cog, \"He was here, he got on the train, we need to go!\" \"You suggest we keep up with a train?\" Joe asked dully. \"No, I suggest we wait for the next one!\" She snapped, grabbing his wrist but Joe didn't move, \"We don't have time for this!\" Joe slowly looked at her and blinked, \"You go. I'll just meet you . . . in Edinburgh.\" Acacia blinked then she smiled, the first smile she'd graced him with since reuniting and the pieces of Joe's heart shifted back into place a fraction, \"Thank you, Joe . . . I'll see you in Edinburgh, I promise.\" And then she was gone. Joe waited until she was out of sight before signaling the carriage to go, he didn't want to leave her on her own, but at the same time, he didn't want to go with her . . . it hurt too much to know that he was chasing her all the while she chased Jack. . . . she didn't love him. Not now anyway. And somehow, Joe could not convince his heart of this. He walked slowly up the drive to his home and into the door. Joe didn't make it more than a few feet before the study door opened, but he had expected it to, he slowly turned and looked at his father and for the first time since he couldn't remember when, he wasn't trembling. Joe looked at his father and he could just barely recall a moment, so fleeting and fragile, but it was real, a moment when his father had smiled and his touch hadn't left a bruise. Joe could recall just once smiling back at that massive man and feeling safe on his lap while his father read quietly in front of fire, but all the happiness had been sapped out of Alistair Douglas, there was no reason or cause that Joe could even begin to think on, but it had gone and in its place was an ill-tempered beast with a heavy hand and stone heart, so much like Joe's own. \"Father.\" Joe whispered in greeting. Alistair stood very still as he looked at his son once more with that unreadable expression, \"Where is she?\" \"I don't know.\" Joe said quietly, \"Somewhere. Not here. Edinburgh? I don't know. I saw her off and that's all.\" The big man blinked and stepped aside, gesturing for Joe to go in, but the young man didn't move, \"Come have a drink, Joseph.\" Alistair said softly, gesturing again but more emphatically. Joe narrowed his eye but slowly went into the room, he was soon handed a tumbler of brandy and along with his father, he drank. \"I warned ya.\" Alistair murmured, looking off to the side. \"I know.\" Joe closed his eye. \"Was it another?\" \"Yes.\" \"I thought so.\" \"Did you?\" \"Aye, when ya didn' stay away on yer birthday like you normally were wont ta do, I knew something wasn' right.\" Alistair sat in his large armchair and closed his eyes, \"Ya may think yer pretty sneaky, Joseph, but I can hear and see. And yer not as quiet with yer weepin' and carryin' on as ya may think.\" Joe stiffened and sipped at his drink, enjoying how warm the liquor made him even as he felt a chill that was beyond the physical seep into his bones. \" . . . was she worth it?\" Joe blinked and slowly met his father's gaze, \"Yes.\" He whispered hoarsely and he did something that he could not remember doing willingly in front of his father, Joe cried. Without being hit or bullied, he wept long and loud and he didn't care if he was beaten . . . only, no hand or belt came down on him, no angry words or harsh laughter assailed his ears and when he finally looked up, he was astonished by his father just quietly looking back at him with a look of concern on the man's face that Joe could not recall ever seeing before. \"Ya may not believe me, boy, but my intentions were never ta hurt ya . . . I was tryin' ta protect ya from a world I know more of then you.\" Alistair closed his eyes, \"That witch . . . Acacia, she would have ruined you . . . you'd have lost everythin' an' if there's one thing I cannot live with, it's knowin' that a child o' mine would be without.\" Joe stared at his father while the man slowly got up to stoke the fire back to life, the big man knelt in front of the hearth, jabbing the embers and putting fresh tinder and fuel on it until the flames leapt up the flue almost. His father sighed heavily but didn't get back up, \"Like I said, it may be hard fer ya ta believe me . . . but I did it because I care fer ya, boy, yer my son . . . an' I work hard every day to make sure that you don' when yer my age. Pitiful excuse fer takin' away what ya loved though . . . \" Joe stood and left the room, he was not called back by his father so he did not feel compelled to do so. Instead he went up to his room and sat on his bed. If she came back, she came back and he would love her, he would love enough for both sides and everything would be fine. Yes, he would make it work . . . There was a small knock on the door, Joe opened it, staring nonplussed down at Miss Acacia, he opened his mouth to ask what she wanted but didn't get a sound out before she threw herself into him, sobbing as if her heart was broken and that was when Joe knew, Jack was dead. He quickly ushered her into the house and shut the door, holding her tiny frame against his while she cried, \"There, there,\" He murmured, moving to sit on the stairs with her in his lap, \"Shh, Acacia, I'm here . . . I've always been here.\" She said nothing until the sobs stopped and she looked at Joe for a moment then she kissed him and Joe's heart ached at how desperate and sad it was, but it was something at least. Joe kissed Acacia and held her and longed for this to be real and honest, to be her choice; it was all he had ever wanted, \"You forgot me.\" He whispered, closing his eye and leaning his head on her shoulder, \"I waited for the post and there was nothing for me . . . why?\" Acacia opened her suitcase and pulled out an envelope, \"I didn't forget you Joe, I just forgot postage.\" Joe's eye widened as he took the envelope, staring at it for a moment before putting it down, \"I love you, Acacia.\" He looked at her, begging her to respond. But she only smiled sadly and looked away, \"You're all I have now.\" \"I'll make sure I'm worthy of you.\" He mumbled, leaning his head forward and pressing into her shoulder, biting his lip slightly. \"I don't think you can be.\" Acacia murmured, running her fingers through Joe's black hair, \"I know that what Jack said about you was true, I know you treated him poorly because he was different . . . that you were cruel and you hurt him . . . I know you Joe, I know what you're like . . . \" Joe shook his head, still pressing his forehead into her shoulder, \"Please . . . he was trying to take you away . . . I only meant to scare him a little!\" \"I know . . . you're jealous and controlling.\" \"And selfish and vengeful and cruel and a lot of other things but I would never hurt you!\" Joe gritted his teeth, squeezing his eye shut tightly. \"But, I know you have such a capacity for good, for kindness, tenderness, love . . . They're in you, I know they are, but you don't let them out.\" She put her arms around his shoulders tightly, \"It's . . . It's alright, Joe, I know they're there.\" Joe shook his head and breathed in heavily, letting it out slowly, \" . . . tell me you love me.\" \" . . . I love you, Joseph.\" Joe nodded, \"Then I will never let harm befall you and I will do everything in my power to ensure your happiness, I promise.\" \" . . . I suppose that will have to do.\" Acacia let him go and stood up, looking down at him, \"I don't have many options left to me.\" \"I hope I am not the least attractive of those options?\" Joe stood up and straightened his tails. Acacia shook her head, \"Certainly not, you're just the hardest to admit to.\" \"I am?\" She nodded, \"Joe, I do love you, but it isn't the same as it was before . . . and I'm sorry for that because you deserve to be loved as much as possible for a human being, but I fear that me being the only one who seems to know you or your past, that seems to know how badly you need love, that I am the only one who can love you. So I will, until we both perish, I will love you like I know you need.\" \"And I will love you as you deserve.\" Joe promised, taking her hand. Maybe it wasn't a perfect love, but for Joe, it was all he wanted. A/N: Fin. ","Summary":" A/N: Everyone focuses on Jack and Miss Acacia's romance but . . . is everyone forgetting that she d"},{"Movie":"Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart Ja...","Title":"mécanique inatendue","Author":"Scarlet Moonscar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12249608","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello~ oui je sais il y a des fautes donc été gentils et ne m'en parler pas. La mécanique du cœur est amusant comme film malgré la fin est très space…. Joe avait toujours observé jack avec plus de sentiment qu'il ne voulait bien le laisser entendre. Au début il trouvait que le nouvel était l'une de ces personnes extraordinaires que vous ne rencontrez qu'une seule fois dans une vie. Il avait souhaité pouvoir s'approcher de jack et de devenir son ami ou quelque chose comme ça. Mais à peine arriver jack demanda si quelqu'un connaissait une flamme à lunette. Joe avait énormément de difficulté a accepté de partager l'attention de quelqu'un avec une autre personne alors il fit sourire jack pour garder l'attention de la flamme pour lui mais aussi pour que jack ne détourne jamais son regarde de lui. Il le savait c'était mal mais il ne pouvait s'en empêcher. Plus ils vieillissaient plus Joe se trouvait passionner malgré lui par le jeune homme a l'horloge. Puis le jour de son anniversaire il appris que jack avais le même jour pour date de naissance en échappant une lettre que la flamme lui avait envoyer. En temps normal il aurait bléser sévèrement l'opportun qui aurais eu la malchance de ramasser quelque chose qu'il aurait perdus. Mais puisque c'était jack il eut un peu de scrupule malgré tout ce qu'il lui avait déjà fait subir. Il le tenait au bout de ses bras après qu'ils aient déchirer la carte accidentellement. Ce qu'il n'avait pas prévue et que jack n'avait également pas sue étais que le cou-cou sortirais de l'horloge à ce moment précis. La douleur gagna Joe en un instants mais il put voire de son seul œil valide, jack qui semblais au bord des larme de l'avoir bléser même sans faire exprès. Jack s'enfuit effrayer malgré qu'il voulût apparemment rester avec Joe pour voir si ce dernier allait bien. Jack était ce genre de personne, foncièrement bonne de part en part. aucune once de malveillance. Madeleine avait bien élevé son fils apparemment. Joe aurait voulu arrêter jack et le réconforter puisqu'il avait vraiment l'aire déstabiliser ainsi qu'effrayer. Le jeune homme très grand fut reconduit à l'hôpital ou on lui retira l'œil pour empêcher qu'il ne se vide de son sang. Les gens commencèrent à être effrayer plus qu'avant par lui. La vue seul de son orbite vide terrorisais nombre de gens. Il se demanda si c'était ce que vivais jack avec son horloge. Madeleine fut envoyer à la prison peu de temps après que jack soit partis. Joe ne pouvait pas s'empêcher d'aider madeleine pour que le garçon horloge ne perde pas sa mère. Elle fut libérée au bout de 4 jour, une journée après quelle ai été retrouver glacé mais heureusement Joe avait pu la sauver grâce aux remède inscrit dans les livre du docteur. Ce fut très difficile madeleine étais terroriser par l'idée de perde son enfant et elle ne voyait plus d'utilité a sa vie s'il n'était pas là. Joe fit tout pour que madeleine se sente mieux mais elle pleurait tout de même beaucoup. Elle qui aimais tant réparer les gens ne pouvais même plus aider qui que ce soit à cause de son chagrin. Le jeune homme borgne promis au docteur de lui ramener jack. Madeleine lui dit qu'il fallait se dépêcher car l'horloge pouvais s'arrêter à tout moment à cause de la pression qu'infligeais les sentiments comme la colère ou l'amour de jack. Inconnus du docteur Joe avais d'autre raison de vouloir retrouver l'enfants horloge. Il voulait lui dire qu'il ne lui en voulait pas, c'était le cou -cou qui l'avais bléser pas jack. Il voulait aussi s'excuser de tout ce qu'il lui avait fait subir.[Chapter 2] Le voyage de Joe vers l'endroit ou jack et acacia ce trouvaient fut long mais Joe ne se laisserait pas arrêter par si peu. Une fois arriver dans ces cirques amusent Joe vit de loin jack déguiser. Un chapeau haute forme, un maquillage d'un sourire de l'ange et un complet qui lui allait formidablement. On voyait l'horloge mais personne ne sembla être effrayer par cela. Au sein de l'esprit de Joe, bien cacher au fin fond la pensé que jack était irrésistible dans cet habit apparu. Bien sûr personne ne pourrait arracher cette information au jeune homme amoureux sans en avoir conscience lui-même. L'objet de ses désire tourbillonnait en dansent avec acacia qui chantait pour le publique enchanté par les notes magnifiques qui correspondait bien au chant de l'homme a l'horloge. Un pincement de jalousie étreignit Joe mais il n'allait pas laisser libre cours à cela ci proche de l'être qu'il aimait depuis bien longtemps maintenant. Le spectacle finis et acacia quitta laissent seul jack qui disparue avant que Joe ne puis le rejoindre. En recherchent jack, Joe rencontra acacia qui l'embrasa profondément. Joe regarda acacia choquer et un peu dégouté malgré lui. - Pourquoi as-tu fait ça ? Demanda Joe clairement agacer. - Je voulais juste faire du tort à quelqu'un. Répondis la femme indifférente. Joe ne compris ce qu'elle voulait dire que plus tard quand il vit jack quitter le cirque en vitesse dans la nuit seul. Acacia fournis à nouveau la réponse a la question de Joe. - Il ne m'aimait pas. Jack est venus ici pour me revoir mais s'aperçus au cours de son voyage qu'il ne m'aimait pas et une fois arriver ici, il se sentie chez lui alors il voulut rester. Mais je ne peux pas supporter qu'il ne m'aime pas donc je tes embraser pour le faire quitter. Dit-elle distraitement. - M'embraser moi ? Pourquoi cela le ferait fuir ? Demanda Joe qui craignait un peu la réponse tout en la désirent hardiment. - Jack ne m'aime pas mais aime quelqu'un d'autre et ce quelqu'un ses toi. Cassa-t-elle avant de quitter en lançant la clef qui remonte le cœur/horloge de jack. Si cette clef était là, sa signifiait que jack ne pouvait pas remonter son cœur et donc qu'il mourrait bientôt ! Pris de panique Joe embarqua dans le char le plus prof en demandent au cocher de le ramener à sa ville natale au mille cloché. Le char s'embourba dans la boue a plus de 3 kilomètre de la ville alors Joe paya le cocher et partie en courent vers la maison de madeleine. Le seul endroit ou jack se sentirait chez lui. Le seul problème était que madeleine était morte juste avant que Joe ne quitte pour rejoindre jack. Ses jambes l'emmenèrent le plus vite qu'ils n'avaient jamais fait au pare avant…. La neige tombait au ralentie partout alentour de lui et la température déjà froide descendant encore mais qu'importe puisque la maison de madeleine se dresse devant lui…. Sa course effrénée l'emmena au pied d'un arbre qu'en temps normal était majestueux mais qui en ce moment sembla tellement triste… Là au pied de l'arbre se trouvait l'être aimer qui s'endormait doucement dans le froid… Faits que ce ne sois pas trop tard pria Joe en son esprit… Il remonta l'horloge une première fois puis une suivante et encore une… Joe remonta l'horloge de jack tellement de fois qu'il en perdit le compte… Et enfin les yeux magnifiques de jack s'animèrent pour se fixer sur Joe… Comme pour donner un ultime message d'au revoir… Joe ne put qu'avouer son amour qui fut retourner par jack avant que ses yeux se referme …. Aucun signe de vie ne provenait de jack…. Mais tous purent entendre les supplications de Joe… … Love Is Dangerous For Your Tiny Heart …. re~hello~ merci d'avoir lu. j'ai d'autre histoir si vous voulez. scarlet moonscar ","Summary":" Hello~ oui je sais il y a des fautes donc été gentils et ne m'en parler pas. La mécanique du cœur e"},{"Movie":"Behind Enemy Lines","Title":"Home","Author":"Skipper96","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6550065","Passage":"[Chapter 1] WAZ UP FELLOW HUMANS OF PLANET EARTH! Here is another story that I wrote awhile ago, but never posted, until now. Before I continue, is it absolutely necessary for anyone to think I actually own this? Home I glanced over my shoulder just in time to see Captain Rodway pull Burnett aboard the helicopter. I focused my attention back to flying the copter. Once we were far enough from the crash site for my liking, I turned around on my seat and looked at Burnett. \"Sir,\" Burnett said to me. I nodded my head in a gesture telling him to continue. \"THIS IS WHY THEY KILLED STACKHOUSE!\" He handed me the disk from the seat. I took it from him and nodded approvingly. \"Sir.\" I looked up at him. \"I believe you're holding a letter for me,\" he yelled over the noise of the engine, \"I'd like it back.\" \"I think I can do that,\" I replied while reaching into my pocket. I pulled out a folded piece of paper and handed it to him. I watched as he crumpled it in his hands. I smiled slightly. I turned back in my, and in about twenty-two minutes I was landing on my ship. I stood up and strolled over where Burnett and Rodway were sitting. There was no way the kid was getting up on his own and he was basically sitting on Rodway, so it was up to me to help him up. I put my arm around his waist and hoisted him to his feet. I, then, put his right arm around my neck and Captain Rodway did the same with his other arm. Together, we helped an unsteady Lt. Chris Burnett walk off the helicopter and into the awaiting crowd. I looked around the cheering men and women, with a smile plastered on my face. I then looked back at the kid and for the first time, I took notice to how exhausted he looked. His head had sunk to his chest and since Rodway had walked off to join the other Marines, he was leaning on me for almost total support. I decided that it was time for Burnett to shower and rest. \"Come on kid,\" I said. \"Huh,\" he replied, looking around dazed and confused. \"Come on,\" I repeated. \"I'm going to get you all cleaned up. How does that sound?\" \"That sounds really good, Sir.\" So, together we went into the ship. After he showered and got checked out by the doctor, Burnett seplt for three days. When he woke up, he was refreshed and ready to continue to serve me and his country. THE END I think this story is marvelous, but who cares what I think. I want to know what you think so REVIEW. Skipper ","Summary":" WAZ UP FELLOW HUMANS OF PLANET EARTH! Here is another story that I wrote awhile ago, but never post"},{"Movie":"Behind Enemy Lines","Title":"BEHIND ENEMY LINES: Whispers Of Fear Chapter 2","Author":"schuyler-fox-dracul","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2113006","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Schuyler Fox. Dracul t BehindntEnemy Lines: Whispers Of Feart© 2004 Chaptern2: A LIFE ON THE LINE Admiral Leslie Reigartnsat at his home, lying on the couch. His shoes off and relaxingnnicely as he read the Daily Newspaper in glee. Smiling as he felt thenwarmth of the gas fire beside the couch. Sighing as he felt sonrelaxed and happy, as he heard the sounds of cooking meat, the uniquensmell of roast and potatoes, made him cock his head up and close isneyes, he was in heaven as placed the papers on the coffee tablenbeside him and bounced off the couch to see his wife. It was rather early tonhave a Roast but he had important plans for the night and had to benthere before dinner time had arrived. His wife rushed around thenstove and oven as she prepared the tasty meal for the two of them.nShe stirred the thick, beef flavored gravy slowly as she slowly movednto the soft classical music, quiet in the background. Unaware of hernhusband smiling at her, he was lucky and he knew it. He turns inndelight as he started for the stereo to boost the music up a tad bitnmore for her. Interrupted immediatelynas the tone of the phone reached over the music and through his ears,nhe turns to catch it before his wife stopped and turned for itninstead. \"Reigart!\" He responded quickly,ngrabbing a hold of the newspaper and tossing it into the bin, besidenthe stereo. He stood in front of it glancing at the buttons, lightsnand knobs it had all over the stereo. He stood there and waited for anreply until he cleared his throat, strongly. \"Hi Leslie...itsnLaura, how have you been?\" She answeredncheerfully, as she asked politely. Reigart smiled and strolled acrossnthe wall, looking at the many photo in frames placed on the wall forndisplay. Many childhood and Military photo stood tall, as well as hisnbattle group photos. He smiled proudly as he looked at the battlengroup. \"Im fine thanknyou...are you ok Mrs. Burnett?\" He asked as he strollednacross to his shameful childhood and toddler photos, his smile isnbashful as he gives himself a little chuckle, as he waited for Lauranto reply. \"It's Chris...Inhave tried to call but his phone has been cut off\" Her voice shooknviolently as she worried for her son. She started to sob a little...hernfear of her son being in trouble again had come, she had no idea whynthe phone was cut. she thought of what had happened to him as he wasnshot behind enemy lines. Reigart stopped hisneyes at one photo as she told him, his eyes narrowing on Burnett...hisnsmile, the smile that would make everyone smile. He cleared hisnthroat and started to breathe heavily, hesitating. \"Are you sure it wasnoff the hook, not engaged?\" He asked hoping it wasnengaged not ripped off the hook. His heart started to pound as hensees the photo of Burnett standing there with a medal of bravery justnhours after the incident after Bosnia. He starts to worry as hencleared his throat once again... \"Ill check it outnok...everything will be ok, don't worry about him, he'll be fine\" He didn't promise, henwasn't even sure if Chris was ok!... he had no idea!. But he had tonkeep Chris' mother in a good shape instead of making her worrynharder. \"ok I have to go,nthank you...ill find out right now and I'll let you know\" He stated beforenpressing the hang up button, disconnecting the call, he looked at thenphone placed in his hand, he stared at it until he slowly moved hisnhead up to his wife looking at him, knowing there was somethingnwrong. \"What's wrongndear?\" She softly asked as shenwiped her hand with a kitchen cloth. Her face in sorrow as shenwatched her husband in terror, his mind trying to figure out what isngoing on. 'I shouldn't be worrying...im sure he's ok!' hentold himself as he slightly turns his head to the wall and narrowsnhis eyes on the photo of Chris next to his plane, Longhorn. He looked at it andnlooked at the phone, punching in Chris' number to see if he was offnthe hook..... Nothing but the horror of complete silence filled him. ","Summary":" Schuyler Fox. Dracul t BehindntEnemy Lines: Whispers Of Feart© 2004 Chaptern2: A LIFE ON THE LINE A"},{"Movie":"Behind Enemy Lines","Title":"Football at christmasor soccer if your canadian","Author":"Aurora Violin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1127146","Passage":"[Chapter 1]  ","Summary":" "},{"Movie":"Behind Enemy Lines","Title":"In the Field","Author":"Markos","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3070156","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This started as exercise to fix writer's block by doing something different. It was meant to be scene where Stackhouse survives but became very abstract instead. Could be any two people and any war. Whole thing is cliche. I know is not very good but since I review other stories is only fair I give you target too! The officer walked up to the downed enemy flier. The man at the center of the circle of guns was on his knees. The soldiers had tried to get him up but his legs would not support him. Blood stained his torn flight suit. He stared at the muddy ground in front of him. The officer moved closer and stood on the spot the enemy was staring at. \"Where is the other one?\" The officer asked. \"I am alone,\" the flier replied. The officer slapped the flier's face hard. The man on his knees fell sideways, catching himself with one hand before he would have sprawled in mud. \"You lie. We saw two parachutes. Where is your friend?\" \"I am alone.\" His voice had a desperate sound. Another slap. Harder. The man was on hands and knees now, his face inches from the officer's boots. The officer grasped the flier's hair with his left hand and forced his head up. Forced him back up to his knees. Showed him the cocked pistol aimed at his head. \"You decide if you live or die. Tell me where the other man is.\" \"You bastard.\" His breath was coming in ragged gasps. \"Kill me. I am alone!\" The officer could feel the prisoner's whole body shaking. He pulled the other man's head up to meet his eyes. The flier's face was pale under the streaks of blood and his brown eyes were wide and frightened. \"I am alone!\" the enemy repeated. The officer came to a decision. \"You will not die today.\" He turned and gave orders to his men. The military hospital was like any other. The officer hated the smells. He hated the sounds. He hated the feel of the place. It reminded him of being a patient instead of the visitor he was today. He almost wished he had not come. ","Summary":" This started as exercise to fix writer's block by doing something different. It was meant to be sce"},{"Movie":"Behind Enemy Lines","Title":"BEHIND ENEMY LINES: Whsipers of Fear","Author":"schuyler-fox-dracul","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2098195","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Schuyler Fox. Dracul t BehindntEnemy Lines: Whispers Of Feart© 2004 Chaptern1: The Whisper BEHINDnENEMY LINES: WHISPERS OF FEAR. Title: Behind Enemy Lines: Whispers Of Fear Author: Schuyler Fox. Dracul Email: ","Summary":" Schuyler Fox. Dracul t BehindntEnemy Lines: Whispers Of Feart© 2004 Chaptern1: The Whisper BEHINDnE"},{"Movie":"Behind Enemy Lines","Title":"No Room Left to Pretend","Author":"KrystalBlaze - Jerikor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1091921","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey, folks. Welcome to my newest fic. This is my first Behind Enemy Lines fic, so be nice. Please. Disclaimer-the characters belong to whomever. Admiral Vern Clark is, at the moment, the real Chief of Naval Operations. So I guess he belongs to himself. Much thanks to my sister Akila for the title. She's a great sister. I used Scott O'Grady's book for some of the information here. His book is called Basher-Five-Two. Check it out. ~Blazer~ Started on November 10, 2002 Ended on November 28, 2002 NO ROOM LEFT TO PRETEND PART ONE ~*~*~*~ For I had come to hate the world This world has always hated me ------ Les Miserables------ ~*~*~*~ The nightmares never stopped. They were always there, even when he took so much medicine that he thought his throat would dry up. They were always hunting after him, even when he was awake. He could always hear the gunshots, could always see them running, and could always see the gray, filthy bodies. Nothing could stop the nightmares, nothing at all. When he slept, he dreamt. He dreamt of things no one should ever have to dream about. The gunshots, the exhaustion, the bodies… it was all there, still fresh and vivid in his mind. When he woke, he was a zombie. He could never sleep, it was as if there was this monster inside of him, clawing at him to return to the nightmares and feel guilty because he survived… and his best friend did not. He wanted to scream, but screaming never solved anything in the world. Nothing at all. All it did was make the images more real, the gunshots even louder. Screaming answered nothing, but in the bliss of the moment it brought relief. He trained himself not to scream because he knew that he couldn't deal with the aftermath of what it brought. He didn't want the gunshots to become louder. What could end this? What could end these horrible images plaguing at him. Nothing, he thought. Nothing at all. ~*~*~*~ Chris Burnett hated Christmas. He hated the fact it was so jollier, so nice and tidy when the world wasn't like that at all. He hated the present giving; to him; the money should be saved and used on something else. His parents waltzed around like they couldn't be happier, and it sickened Chris to death. How could they be so happy when there were others around the world dying? He watched them trim the tree, carefully hanging up ornaments that had been in the Burnett family for decades. He couldn't bring himself to join in. He was too tired, and the holiday fought against his principles. \"Chris, come and help us!\" his mother said playfully. He couldn't believe her. But he didn't want to hurt her feelings, so he looked for an escape. He found it in the means of the clock. \"But, Mom! I need to get ready. I don't want to be late. You guys should get ready too.\" Confused, his father looked to the clock. \"But we've got an hour and a half!\" he protested. His voice protested at the fact his son was trying to avoid being with them. \"Yeah…but I need to iron my uniform, polish my shoes, do my hair… I don't want to be late! This is an important dinner with Admiral Reigart. I want to look my best, don't I?\" He gave them a forced grin. \"Well…if it's that important,\" his mother said. \"Then-\" \"See you,\" Chris said shortly and ran up the stairs. His parents exchanged a worried look. \"He's getting worst,\" his mother said softly. ~*~*~*~ Chris tried to lose himself in the music. The music was always his way out. He loved the feeling of lying on his bed and not knowing how long he laid there. At times, he would lay there on the bed and fall asleep to the music, and only then with the music at it's highest volume did he sleep without dreams. He depended on the music for sleep, and the music depended on him to be played, because none of his parents enjoyed the classical music he had dug up in the attic. Classical music was so… beautiful. He couldn't understand why he loved it so. It was so beautiful and Chris had given up on everything being beautiful again. Except the music. The music was the most beautiful thing he had ever heard, and sometimes it took on a shape. He could see the notes flying from his radio, swirling into a dance. He watched, as they were small in pitch one minute and then so grand in the next. He couldn't understand why everything wasn't as simple and complex as his music. He was especially fond of Bach, Hayden, Mozart, Berloiz, and of course, Beethoven. He loved the romantic period of classical music, because it was easy to dive into, so easy to understand. There was a continuing theme throughout every song, and one of the biggest romantic themes was faith. Faith was a weird word. Was it faith in God? Was it faith in teachings? Was it faith in the fact that you would always be taken care of? Was it faith that you would always be watched? Was it faith that you never lost your faith? Chris indulged in these questions because it gave him something else to think about except the gray bodies and the gunshots. He polished his shoes good, ironed his uniform and put his insignia on the uniform. It was his dress uniform, and he hated this one the most. He couldn't stand the tie. As he put on his ribbons, he stopped when he came to the medals. He had two of them now. As a result of what had happened in Bosnia, he had been given a medal for bravery and another one for being wounded in action. His breath caught in his throat as he ran his fingers over them. He didn't deserve these medals. He had done nothing but run, run like a dog with his tail between his legs. He didn't want the medals; he didn't deserve them in the least. But did you say no to Admiral Vern Clark, the Chief of Naval Operations? It had been his duty to shake the Admiral's hand, stand at the POA (position of attention), and then force himself not to jerk back when the medals had been placed on his uniform. The ceremony had taken all but a minute, but it had been a nightmare for him. Admiral Leslie Reigart had been asked to say a few words about the young man under his command. He did so with pride beaming on his face and through every word. He had spoken about how Chris had evaded troops day after day, how he had done so without losing his cool, and how he had put his own life on the line to retrieve the photos of the graves. He had called Chris \"an ideal Naval Officer that everyone should try to follow.\" Chris wanted to kill him when he said that. And then at the end, they had done something unexpected. Chris remembered standing there in shock. They had asked for a moment of silence for Jeremy Stackhouse, the pilot murdered right in front of Chris' own eyes. Chris finished polishing his shoes and changed the CD. He switched it to Beethoven's \"The Storm.\" ~*~*~*~ Admiral Leslie Reigart was a respectful man who believed strongly in his principles, and when he had been demoted, he hadn't whined about it. He had taken it in stride, retiring instead of losing his subordinates' respect. But that didn't stop them from whining. The wave of support for him started with Lt. Chris Burnett, the pilot who had been shot down behind enemy lines. America was willing to listen to him because he was a hero in their eyes. Chris was a damn good supporter at that, appearing on TV with his arm in a sling and talking about how it had been the Admiral's determination to save him that had gotten him home. As a side note, he had said slyly, \"and then they demoted him.\" There was a cry of outrage in America. How could the Navy demote someone who had put his own life at risk to save another? They had filed petition after petition for the Admiral to be given back his Battle Group, and the petition went all the way to the White House, the president supporting it. With the president against them, the Navy gave up, formally apologizing to the retired Admiral and offering his job back. Reigart did not want to take it. He had spent two months is retirement and he quite liked it, even though his blood burned to be back out on the sea. He had his wife with him, and his children and grandchildren stopped by daily. He was happy, very happy. But Burnett would not have it. He rallied a gang of supporters and begged the Admiral to take back his job. He was stunned at their support of him. Even his wife was nagging him to go back. He gave it three week's thought and with great reluctance took back his job. He was happier this year, though. He was allowed to have Christmas at home with his family, and his wife had invited many people from his work that were off duty, including Chief O'Malley, Glenn Rodway, and Lieutenant- Captain Chris Burnett and his parents. The Navy had shared Reigart's feelings and Chris had been promoted two levels up. This was a formal military party with all the men showing up in uniform. Vern Clark was Reigart's personal friend, so he would be attending as well. It was an honor to have so many fine young men in the Navy at his large mansion-like house in San Diego. Not to mention Admiral Clark was traveling from Washington to come. Reigart took out his dress blue uniform, prepared to put all his ribbons on when the phone rang. His wife answered, then yelled up at him it for him. He set the uniform on the bed carefully and took the portable. \"Hello?\" he answered. \"Admiral?\" Chris Burnett's voice was cautious. \"Captain, how are you?\" Reigart said, pride swelling in his voice. \"I'm fine, sir, thanks. But… well, I don't think I can make the party tonight.\" \"What? Why not?\" \"Well… I'm a bit under the weather, you understand?\" \"Yes, but… Chris, I'm sure you can make it. We were looking forward to having you.\" \"Thank you sir, but I think it would- be in my best interest… excuse me for a second, sir.\" Reigart waited, agitated. He was looking forward to having the Captain in his house. He had not seen the man in three months. \"Admiral Reigart?\" \"Mrs. Burnett? How are you?\" \"I'm fine, thanks. Don't worry, Chris will be there.\" \"But he said-\" \"Yes, well, I just got home with medicine, I'm sure he'll be able to make it.\" \"If you're sure.\" \"You bet. I'll see you later, Admiral.\" ~*~*~*~ \"What was that about?\" Laura Burnett roared at her son. \"Why would you lie to Admiral Reigart like that?\" \"Mom,\" Chris began. \"You're going to the party.\" Anger erupted inside Chris like a balloon. He didn't want to go. Reigart had invited Jeremy's parents, and to see them again would be torture. They had caused the nightmares! They would just make it all the worst. \"You can't tell me what to do anymore,\" the young man said hotly, rising from the bed. His uniform looked a bit wrinkled, but still ok. It made his form tower above his mother. \"I'll decide if I wish to go or not. I don't want to go anymore. It's not that important, it's just a party. I'll see Admiral Reigart when I return to active duty.\" \"And when will that be, Chris? They've given you a year of absence I honestly don't think you need. You're free to return whenever you wish yet you don't! The doctor cleared you to return!\" Chris' face contorted. \"You can't tell me what to do,\" he repeated. \"Damned right I can't,\" Laura growled. \"But you'll listen to your father, I know it. Maybe he can talk some sense into you.\" Chris crossed the room to the door. \"Mom, I'll see you later.\" \"Where the hell are you going?\" \"Out. And it's my car, so you can't do anything about it.\" \"Chris!\" \"Bye, Mom.\" Chris grabbed his combination cap and trooped down the stairs, not even stopping to explain what was happening. He could hear his mother starting to scream after him. He grabbed his keys and cloak, then sprinted outside to his green Chevy. He ripped open the door and slid inside, seeing his mother dash out of the house. He turned the keys and checked his back, then pulled the car bumpily out of the driveway. \"Chris!\" he heard his mother scream. He slammed his foot on the gas and roared away. ~*~*~*~ There was nothing in the world better than flying. Sometimes the only thing he wanted to do was fly. He was a pilot; he belonged in the air, in his plane, the Superhornet. It was a wonderful plane with excellent agility and speed. He belonged in the air. All he wanted to do was fly. Fly and fly and fly… ~*~*~*~ Admiral Reigart picked up the phone a second time. \"I got it!\" he yelled so his wife could hear. Answering politely, he was shocked to hear the voice of Admiral Vern Clark. \"Admiral Clark, how are you?\" \"I'm fine, thanks, Leslie. I need to ask you for a recommendation.\" \"On what, sir?\" \"I need a pilot and navigator for a mission in Albania. I know you're heading out the day after tomorrow, and your group is heading that way.\" \"Well…\" The first person that popped into his mind was Captain Burnett. \"Sir, what about Captain Burnett?\" \"Is he good to go?\" \"Should be. He hasn't been on a mission in a year. I'm sure he's eager to get back up in the air.\" \"Excellent. Now all I need is a pilot. I know he doesn't have one.\" \"A pilot… is this mission important.\" \"Rather.\" \"Then I would suggest Noah Turmak. He's a good pilot, been in the Navy for a few years. He'll do you well.\" \"I'll get notices out to them.\" \"Well, Captain Burnett is coming to the party tonight, so you can tell him then. I'm sure it will be a real honor for him.\" ~*~*~*~ Chris made it to the party two hours after it had started. He had wandered the city, stopping at numerous gas stations to purchase cigarettes. It had become a habit after Stackhouse had been murdered. He went through half a pack a day, but he knew he should start stocking up. There was talk in the Congress that they were higher the prices and on his pay he could barely afford them now. He stepped up the stairs, putting out his cigarette. He knew that Reigart frowned on smoking. He rang the doorbell, waiting anxiously. He had seen his parents' car parked in the large driveway. No doubt they were expecting him to show up, and here he was. After a few minutes Samuel Reigart, Leslie's son, opened the door. He smiled in recognition. \"Chris, how are you? You're a bit late, you realize? My father needs to see you.\" \"Sorry, Sam. I… I guess I lost track of time.\" He stepped inside, removing his cover and tucking it under his left arm. He was greeted by the rich smell of turkey and potatoes. Mrs. Leslie Reigart knew how to throw a party. The entire room was decorated with lights that blinked alternately. He followed Samuel into the living room where everyone was clustered, listening to Admiral Clark talk. Upon walking in, he spotted his mother and father seated on the couch. They glanced up and saw him. His mother's face pinched in anger. He could see she was about to speak, but Glenn Rodway stepped in, blocking her from view. \"Chris, you moron!\" Rodway said, shaking his hand warmly. \"I haven't seen you for a while! How goes it? You realize you're late, right?\" Chris smiled at his friend warmly. If anyone could bring him out of his \"dream state\", it was rough and tough Rodway. \"I'm good, Glenn, I'm good. Yeah, I'm late. You know how fast time goes. It's weird. I was getting ready, and then suddenly, it was like I had no time left. I hauled ass over here as fast as I could. My parents are pissed.\" \"Little Chrissy needs his parents to take of him?\" Rodway mocked. \"Wait until the boys on the Carl Vinson hear about this…\" \"Yeah, you tell them and you're taking a swim in the Pacific next time we cast out.\" \"Captain!\" Chris winced at the voice. It was Admiral Reigart. Putting on a forced smile, he turned and nodded at Reigart. They shook hands. \"Chris, we were getting worried! Your parents said you weren't coming, that you \"fled\" the house.\" Chris wanted to give his parents a dirty look. \"Um… well, I guess I did, sort of.\" His mind grasped at what to say. He figured it would be better to tell the truth- sort of. It was time to spill his secret. \"Well, sir… I needed to go buy some… uh… some cigarettes.\" He could feel Rodway's and Reigart's shock. \"You smoke?\" Reigart said. \"Yes, sir,\" Chris said. \"Smoking a bad habit, Chris,\" Rodway said disapprovingly. \"When did this start? You didn't smoke the last time I saw you.\" \"Um… actually… I did.\" \"I have to agree with Glenn, Chris,\" Reigart said, his eyes set with worry. He didn't feel like Chris was telling the truth. He was evading the question of why he had left the house. And there was something about his eyes… he was too thin, Reigart decided. He looked starved, and there were bags under his eyes. His eyes looked… dead. \"Well… you know what? I need to talk to my parents. I should go do that.\" \"Hold on a second.\" Chris spun around and wanted to scream. It was Admiral Clark. He didn't want to talk to him! \"Chris, I need to speak to you urgently. Captain Rodway, if you would leave us?\" \"Of course. See you later, Chris.\" The Marine turned and strode away. \"Leslie, have you got somewhere private we can talk?\" \"Yes, sir. The parlor should be empty.\" He turned and led the way, Chris dreading what they wanted to talk to him about. What could possibly be so important they wanted to talk to him on Christmas Eve? They stepped into the parlor, Clark closing the doors behind them. \"Have a seat,\" Reigart said. They sat into large wicker chairs. The light cast funny shadows on the floor. It made Chris jumpy. \"Captain Burnett, it is true that you haven't been on a mission in a year, correct?\" \"Yes, sir.\" Clark glanced at Reigart. \"Chris, I talked to your mother. She has expressed concerns over your… mental health.\" Chris jerked his head. \"Sir, excuse me? My \"mental health\"? Sir, I assure you that there's nothing wrong with my mind, if that is what you are implying.\" \"Chris, she has some… disturbing details about your life over the past year,\" Reigart said heavily. Chris' face scrunched up in shock. \"Sir, no! There's nothing wrong with me! I'm fine. I requested this year of absence to rethink my value system! I mean, I have no intention of leaving the Navy, I just had to get my priorities in mind, and I've done that.\" \"She tells me you barely eat,\" Clark said. \"She says that you have been having nightmares and you drift into space from time to time and that she has to scream to get your attention. Your mother is a reliable woman, Captain. I have to believe what she is saying. She says that you wake up screaming and that the only time you go out is to fill up your car or down to the bay.\" \"And now I find out that you just started smoking,\" Reigart said, exchanging glances with Clark. \"Sir, I've been smoking now for about a half a year. It's not a recent thing.\" \"Studies show that you start smoking past your mid-twenties because you have a problem. I believe you do have a problem, Captain.\" Clark's face was sad. \"I'm only twenty-seven!\" Chris protested. \"I'm am not past my mid-twenties…and what does this have to do with anything, Sir?\" Reigart took a deep breath. \"Chris, last year, you were shot down behind enemy lines.\" Did he have to state the obvious? \"No.\" Chris leapt up. \"No. We are not having this discussion. I refuse to discuss this with you. I've talked to you enough times about it. I've talked to you, the press, my parents, everybody! Everyone knows what happened!\" \"Chris, Jeremy Stackhouse is dead. I think you're still suffering from his death. I know he was not only your pilot, but your best friend.\" Reigart was startled when Chris backed up a few feet and clenched his fist. \"Admiral. I would appreciate it if you do not TELL me what I am feeling. I know this. Please.\" \"Chris, I have a mission for you,\" Clark said roughly. The Captain blinked his eyes and stood against the wall. His jaw dropped. \"A… a mission? Sir, I'm not even on active duty!\" \"Which will be changed,\" Clark said, forcing his tone to be merry. \"A year off is more than enough time, Captain. Your doctor has cleared you to work. If you not have a reasonable excuse not to be put back on active duty, then I will gladly return you to the air.\" Reigart watched Chris' face closely. The man's brow was furrowed, his jaw ajar. His eyes were open wide, sweat trailing down his face. He looked scared to death. \"Chris, if you do not want this mission,\" Reigart said, \"and want to seek mental help, then the Navy will pay for it. They understand what happened last year and what you had to go through.\" \"No, sir!\" Chris started towards the door. \"Sir, I'll take the mission. Thank you!\" He threw the doors open and disappeared from view. \"He's not ready,\" Reigart said with doubt. \"But he's going up,\" Clark said. \"I want the best and that man is the best. You can't begin to understand how important this mission is, Leslie. I can't tell you now, but when we're out to sea, you'll be the first to know.\" \"Sir, are you sure he's ready? I don't want to send him up if he's not going to function properly.\" \"Leslie, if he doesn't get over it now, when will he get over it, then?\" Reigart looked out the door. \"Point taken.\" ~*~*~*~ Reigart's house had a beautiful big porch with a bench. Chris retreated from the party and sat on the bench in the night. It was a good San Diego night with a soft breeze and the wind just chilly enough. The air was clean, scented with the rich salty smell of the ocean. Chris leaned back, his combination cap gleaming. He sighed; knowing his parents would find him soon. He didn't even want Rodway's company. As stupid as it sounded, he wanted Stackhouse's company. That was so stupid. Stackhouse was dead… The Captain closed his eyes, wondering. Why were they sending him on a mission? The only thing he wanted to do was sleep, and he couldn't do that either. It was so freaking STUPID! He hadn't been on a mission in a year, and here they were sending him on a very important one! Sighing, he rubbed his hands together to warm them. He struggled to look on the bright side. The only thing he could think of was flying. His breath caught in his throat. Flying… Flying was the best thing in the world. He had enjoyed it once, before Stackhouse had been murdered. He probably still enjoyed it… only he didn't know. He didn't even hear the person step up behind him. \"Captain,\" Reigart said. Chris jumped up, spinning on his heel to face the Admiral. He came to the POA and quickly saluted. \"Good evening, sir,\" he said automatically. \"Chris,\" Reigart sighed, returning the salute and quickly cutting it. Chris followed suit. \"May I join you, Captain?\" \"Yes, sir,\" Chris said, watching Reigart sit down and then joining him. \"Sir… you want something?\" \"I just wanted to look at the stars,\" Reigart said gently. He tipped his head back and cast his gaze up. They sat in silence for a few painful minutes, Chris wishing all the while that the Admiral would give up his vigil and leave. But then Reigart started talking. \"At sea, you can always see the stars,\" he said. \"At sea, it's beautiful. There's no smoke or fumes… it was clear as glass. If there's no wind, you can hike up to the crow's nest and watch the stars. When I was younger, I did that a lot. It was a way of coping when I was away from home for so many months. But when I got older, I realized it wasn't the right way to cope. I could get lost watching the stars and forget my duties. I could lose myself in their beauty, in their majesty. It wasn't good, because I didn't face my problems. I used the stars as a way to block out the loneliness and pain. \"It was harder to control myself when I became Admiral. I never wanted to leave the crow's nest. It was the hardest than. I missed my wife, my children… It was all too much to handle at times.\" He turned to Chris. \"I faced my problem eventually. I found a way to get out of that homesickness. My wife bought me some rings. Beautiful rings, very rare. She spent a lot of money on them. I was touched. I put them in a box and kept them shiny. I polished them so much. It was almost pathetic. I think many of my men thought that… although they were too afraid to say it, of course. \"I still have those rings, Chris. They're my way of coping. They come with me whenever I'm away from my family. I don't know what it is about them. I just… they're more than rings to me. I see them as lifesavers. Whenever I'm at sea and lost and drowning, I can always go to those rings and look at them. It works, Chris, I'm telling you. It's something about them… \"Love. My wife gave them to me out of love. Maybe that's it.\" Reigart glanced at Chris. The young man was watching the stars, his eyes almost blank. Reigart wondered if he should call Chris back to reality, but then decided to let him have his moment in his mind. He quietly got up and left the porch, hoping that somehow he had gotten through the dark depression lurking in the young man's mind. ~*~*~*~ Chris stayed on the porch until almost eleven. By the looks of it, there were only a few people still in the house. He checked the driveway and found that his parent's car was still in the driveway. He was now desperate not to talk with them. He knew he shouldn't leave without saying good-bye to both Admirals, but he refused to speak with his parents. He stood from the bench and scouted the yard, prowling its edges, looking for a way out. He quickly found an easy area to climb over to the driveway. He knew his pants would get dirty, but the fence was covered with greenery, so at least he would make no noise. Chris grabbed hold of a hole in the fence and heaved himself up. He scaled the fence quickly, his boot camp experience paying off. He checked below once he got to the top. He saw no one and the nearest window was about five yards away. He gracefully swung himself over the top and landed quickly on his feet. He breathed a sigh of relief no one had seen him. The Captain proceeded towards his car, which was parked far away from his parents. As he exited out into the street where his car was parked, he saw a couple walking towards the car in back of his. He tried to figure out who they were, but their name excluded him. He hoped they weren't important. As they got to their car, Chris brushed past them to get to his own dark green Honda. He didn't glance at them as he went to the driver's seat of his car. \"Chris Burnett?\" Stopping reluctantly, he turned and faced them. The voice sounded familiar… and as his eyes fell on the female who had spoken, he knew who it was. \"Lynn, no,\" her husband said, glaring at Chris. Lynn Stackhouse marched up to Chris' car, glaring at him the entire way. He wanted to back up, but he knew that would show that he was wrong… and really, he was, but to save himself, he would never let anyone know that. It was his deepest secret. He had caused Jeremy's death… and the only ones who knew were the three people standing around the green Honda. \"Hello, Chris how are you?\" the woman asked, her voice laced with malice. He opened his mouth to speak; thought about it, closed his mouth, then opened it again. \"Mrs. Stackhouse, hello. Are you well?\" His voice shook. \"My son's dead,\" Lynn spat. Chris flinched. \"How do you think I feel?\" \"Lynn, there's no need to make a scene,\" her husband, Jim Stackhouse tried to reason. \"I'm not making a scene,\" his wife growled. \"I am stating facts.\" \"Mrs. Stackhouse, please,\" Chris pleaded. \"Please what? Please what?\" Her voice dripped with venom. Her eyes were bright with anger and grief. \"What are you asking me for? Are you asking for forgiveness? For what you did? How can you be forgiven?\" \"I did nothing wrong, Mrs. Stackhouse.\" \"You did nothing wrong? You killed my son! You killed my son! I bet you never thought of that! You killed him and all you say is that you did nothing wrong when you know that you did? That you killed him? He's dead because of you! Now I can't talk to him, now I can't hold him, I can't see him! Because of you, everything is wrong! Everything that was to happen can't now! Because of you! \"I wonder what Jeremy thought about before he died. I wonder if he thought of me, if he thought of his parents. I wonder if he realized his \"friend\" had killed him, because of his stupidity and his need to feel important! You killed him! Now he's dead!\" \"Lynn, stop!\" Jim cried, glancing back up the street to the driveway. \"I will not stop!\" she shouted. \"He has done wrong and he knows it! By his own admission, he killed your son, Jim! Your son! And he has not been brought to trial, yet he admits that he killed our son! How can this be? How can he still walk be? How can he sleep in his own bed, when ours is dead and six feet beneath the ground? How can this be? \"But you wait, oh, you wait! Because God will get you in the end! In the end, you'll get what my son got! I swear this to you! Your sin will be rewarded with suffering! God knows what you did wrong… he knows you killed my Jeremy! And he'll punish you… you'll be in Hell when you died, you sick worthless animal!\" \"Lynn, it's enough!\" \"He killed him!\" \"I didn't!\" Chris cried. He backed into the street from her anger, from the balls of fire that were in her eyes. She followed him, refusing to let his get away. \"I didn't kill him! I loved Jeremy, Lynn! I swear! I didn't kill him!\" \"You left him!\" Lynn roared, driving him to the middle of the dark street. Jim watched; his eyes locked on the two. \"He was hurt and alone, and you left him to that animal you say… you say murdered him!\" Her eyes pooled. Her voice was laden with grief. \"You left him! Do you realize this, Chris Burnett? That if you had stayed, maybe you could have protected him?\" \"I would have been killed too!\" Chris yelled at her. \"I left to get help! I left to try the radio! I left because he told me to! He told me to get help!\" They stayed in the middle of the street, walking around each other; each caught in their own dance of grief. \"I don't sleep at night,\" Lynn said. \"I don't sleep at night because of what you did.\" \"Well neither do I!\" Chris cried, so in locked with Lynn that he did not hear the wheels of the Mustang that was roaring his way. \"Oh, because you're so laden with guilt that's it's driving you mad?\" Lynn said sarcastically. She, like Chris, did not hear the tires. Chris opened his mouth to speak. \"CHRIS!\" he heard someone scream. \"Chris!\" \"Lynn! Oh my God, Lynn!\" Chris broke his gaze and looked down the street, to where Leslie Reigart and his parents were screaming at him. And he saw the Mustang, and the driver hanging out of the window, his eyes glazed. Lynn stood with shock. She stared at the approaching car, not registering, her mind so laden with guilt. \"LYNN!\" Jim screamed, running out. Chris dove towards Lynn, knocking her down just as the Mustang shot by. He rolled to the ground and banged against his car, his head knocking back into the rim of his tire, so great was the force he had leapt. He heard Lynn scream, and then the sliding of tires. Stars began to shine in his eyes. He heard his mother screaming his name, and still Lynn's voice. Dazed, he stood. \"Chris!\" His mother crashed into him, strangling him in a hug. \"Someone get help!\" Jim screamed. Chris looked past his mother and saw Jim holding Lynn on the ground. Her foot was bloodied, tears running down her face. \"Go get help!\" Reigart ordered Chris' father. The Admiral bent down towards the woman and began to examine her foot. \"Are you okay, Chris?\" His eyes were washed with worry. \"Yeah, yeah,\" Chris said, still a bit dazed. \"You're bleeding,\" Reigart noted softly. Chris glanced down and in the dim light of the house saw his pants ripped and his leg trickling blood. He shrugged, not caring. He grabbed his mother by the arms and pried her off him. \"What happened?\" Reigart directed the question at Jim and Chris. The two men glanced at each other. Jim's face flamed. He opened his mouth, then closed it. He looked at his wife, and his eyes pooled. \"Lynn, it's ok,\" he shushed. \"Mr. Stackhouse, what happened?\" Reigart asked. \"Ask him,\" Lynn groaned her face pinched in pain. \"Ask Burnett…\" She gasped. The Admiral turned to look at Chris. \"Chris, what happened?\" Chris looked away. His mother once again grabbed him in a hug, sobbing. \"Chris?\" Reigart saw that he was not going to respond. \"Captain Burnett!\" He loudness of Reigart's voice brought him back down to reality. He glanced at Reigart wildly. \"Chris,\" Reigart said, his voice measured. \"Tell me what happened.\" Chris took a breath. \"Sir, I came outside and was about to leave. I was going to my car and Mrs. Stackhouse approached me. We were chatting, that's all.\" \"I heard yelling!\" Laura Burnett remarked, pulling away. \"She was yelling.\" Chris looked at her meekly, pulled away, then turned and pulled his lighter and a cigarette from his pocket. His hands shook badly as he struggled to light it. \"Chris,\" Laura grasped. \"When did this start?\" Her face was shocked and in disbelief. \"Chris, answer me.\" The Captain finally lit his cigarette and took a deep puff of it. He savored the feeling it left with him. \"Admiral, with your permission, I would like the leave,\" he said. \"What?\" \"Thank you, sir.\" Chris turned and opened the door. He jumped in and turned on the engine. \"Wait, Burnett!\" Reigart rushed towards the door. \"I can't believe this. I order you to stay!\" But Chris was already gone. ~*~*~*~ \"Captain Burnett?\" The voice on the other end was formal. \"This is he,\" Chris said sleepily. He checked his clock. It read seven 'o clock. He rubbed his eyes. \"This is Master Chief O'Malley. You are to be at the bay at nine o' clock. Do you understand?\" \"What?\" The order shot through Chris' system. \"Why?\" \"It is an order, Captain. Wear something you can change out of quickly. Your suit is being delivered as we speak. Do you understand?\" \"Master Chief, why?\" \"No questions. I'll see you at nine.\" Chris hung up his phone, his eyes widening. Why would they want him? Last night had been a nightmare. He had driven straight to the house after he had left. He had taken off his uniform and had dressed in sweats, nothing more. He had fallen into bed, his headphones on at full blast. And only then did he sleep. He didn't dream, and he never heard his parents come home. They were asleep, he decided, and very pissed off. Still yawning, he got up slowly. If he could make it out of the house before his parents woke up, he would be fine. If he left now, they would be dead to the world and not hear him. He left on his sweats and pulled on a shirt and warm sweatshirt. He took his gloves and beanie. San Diego had terrible freezing sea breezes in the winter. On the way out, he took a bagel and took the time to give his parents a note. Not like they would care. He briefly wondered about Lynn Stackhouse, but it reminded him of Jeremy so he stopped. It wasn't until he was in his car that he realized that it was Christmas. ~*~*~*~ At 0900 hours, Chris entered Master Chief O'Malley's office after five cigarettes and a bottle of Aquafina. He was chewing gum in hopes his breath wouldn't smell as bad when he got to see Admiral Reigart. \"Captain,\" O'Malley greeted him. He stood from behind his desk and walked over. \"I've been told to take you to Admiral Reigart's office. I do apologize for taking you away from you family on this day.\" \"It's all right, sir,\" Chris responded. Christmas was stupid holiday anyhow. Who was God anyway? O'Malley led Chris around the ship to Reigart's office. The Admiral was sitting behind a desk when they came in. He rose. \"Chris, we're short on time, so let's go,\" he said briskly. He caught Chris' arm as he went by. \"Since this is urgent, I will overlook what happened yesterday. Mrs. Stackhouse is being released from the hospital this morning.\" Chris nodded slightly. \"But that doesn't mean you won't have to explain,\" Reigart said sternly. \"As soon as this is done, you and I are having a little chat.\" Chris nodded again. \"Come on then.\" Reigart led the way towards the locker room. \"You're in the air today.\" \"What?\" Chris cried. He stopped. \"In the air? What do you mean?\" \"Practice for your mission, since you haven't been on duty for a year,\" said Reigart in an uncaring manner. \"You will meet your pilot in briefing.\" \"My pilot?\" Chris repeated. \"You need a pilot,\" Reigart said. They stopped outside the door to the locker rooms. \"Your gear is in there. You're the only one on today, so you have it all to yourself. Take a shower and get changed over. You have twenty minutes. Chief O'Malley will be waiting for you here at the end of the period. He will then take you to the flight deck, where you will meet your pilot. I'm sure you'll like him. He's like you a year ago. He's cocky and arrogant.\" Reigart grinned and then left. Chris watched him go, then entered the locker room. ~*~*~*~ Noah Turmak was a twenty-five year-old man with a degree in engineering, fifteen ribbons, and a Lieutenant ranking. He carried himself high. He was a handsome man, with deep brown eyes and short black hair in a buzz cut. His skin was olive light, his eyes laughing as if they knew the secrets of the world. He had been in the Navy for three years and had enjoyed every moment of it. Turmak was apprehensive about this mission. It was top secret, and the only thing he knew was that he would be flying with a Captain by the name of Chris Burnett, the famous pilot who had been shot down \"behind enemy lines.\" Frankly, Turmak found it stupid he was so glorified so doing what he was trained to do. Turmak sighed. The Captain had been off duty for a year. Would he still remember how to fly? Noah hoped so, for the sake of the mission… whatever that was. The Lieutenant jumped up when he saw O'Malley walk into the hanger followed by a blond person who must be Burnett. Turmak studied him. He was lanky, too skinny, with bags under his eyes and just the look of a person with no sleep. Turmak cocked his head. He hoped the guy was as good as they that said he was. For both their sakes. ~*~*~*~ Chris disliked Noah Turmak instantly. He had the look of a cocky pilot who was willing to risk everything. When he stepped in front of the Lieutenant, he looked up at him from his chair, a smirk on his face. He seemed to suddenly remember where he was, because he jumped up and saluted Chris. Chris blinked, then saluted back, cutting his quickly. Turmak stood standing, waiting. \"Lieutenant Noah Turmak,\" Reigart said, letting Chris know his name for the first time, \"this is Captain Chris Burnett. \"Lieutenant, Captain Burnett will be flying navigator for this mission. \"Chris, Lieutenant Turmak will be your pilot for this mission. He's a good pilot, he's been on a lot of recon missions.\" \"This is a recon mission?\" Chris asked, staring at Reigart. \"I didn't say that,\" Reigart said hastily. \"Sit down.\" Turmak waited for Chris to sit before he did so. Chris edged away from him on his chair. \"Ok,\" Reigart said. \"This is just a practice day for you two to get used to each other. We're going to do a couple of spins, loops, plain flying. We're head towards Los Angeles and back. Just a regular flying day. Your course has been marked, Chris, you just need to get there. Understand?\" \"Yes, sir,\" Turmak and Chris said at the same time, Turmak a bit more enthusiastic. \"Okay,\" Reigart said. \"Your ride's the only one on deck, it should be ready by now.\" \"It's a Superhornet?\" Chris asked. \"Yes, it's a Superhornet,\" Reigart said, grinning at him. \"Just wanted to make sure,\" Chris sulked, taking Reigart's grin as ridiculing him. \"Let's move,\" O'Malley said. \"Check.\" \"Oohrah!\" Turmak said. \"Oohrah,\" Chris sighed. ~*~*~*~ Chris climbed into the plane, a sense of awe and of dread taking him. He strapped his mask on and checked his readings. Everything was running smoothly. Mechanically, he did a systems check of everything. \"What's your call sign?\" Turmak asked him. Chris had to think about that for a second before he remembered what a call sign was and it took him longer to remember his. He had never used it that much. \"Longhorn,\" he answered. \"And you?\" \"Quicksilver,\" Turmak said proudly. \"Like that X-Men character?\" \"No,\" Turmak huffed. \"Like myself.\" \"Oh. Sorry.\" Turmak didn't like the guy all ready. ~*~*~*~ \"Your call sign for the day is Apollo Six-Seven.\" O'Malley's voice said over the intercom. \"The sun god?\" Chris muttered. \"How grand.\" \"What do you prefer?\" Turmak said, to make conversation. \"Captain? I'll call you whatever you want.\" \"Whatever you want to call me,\" Chris said softly. \"Jeremy always called me Chris.\" \"Who's Jeremy?\" Chris snapped out of his dream state. \"Not Chris,\" he said hastily. \"Anything besides Chris you can call me. What about you?\" \"Turmak,\" the Lieutenant said shortly. \"Ah.\" Chris said. \"You are ready for take off,\" the tower said. \"Let's rock and roll, baby!\" Turmak said. He waited for the signs, then flipped his switch and pressed on his gas. The plane shot forward. ~*~*~*~ Chris was flying. He was really flying. He watched the lake past by, suddenly peaceful. He had enjoyed flying… he still did. That had not died with Stackhouse. He could still fly, he could navigate. He watched the waves, not speaking. \"Burnett,\" Turmak said. \"Say,\" Chris responded absentmindedly. \"We almost to the turn around point?\" Chris checked the systems. He tapped a number into the computer. \"About ten more minutes. There's a restricted zone up ahead in about five minutes. It's an airport. Starts going west, about 45 degrees.\" \"Whatever you say, Mr. Navigator Man.\" Chris froze. \"What did you say?\" Turmak knew it was useless, but he craned his neck to see Chris. \"Mr. Navigator Man.\" Chris flinched inside his mask. \"Don't call me that. Please don't call me that.\" \"But why?\" \"Because I asked.\" Turmak blew out air. \"Whatever.\" He steered the plane. Chris was breathing hard. He could see Stackhouse now. Stackhouse was in the pilot's seat, and they were flying over Bosnia. It was a recon mission. They were being spiked. The missiles followed us. SAMS were deadly. They were so deadly it was scary. And then the missile hit… and he was falling… and then the gunshots… \"Burnett? You still in there? Burnett? Hello?\" Chris closed his eyes against the pain. \"Burnett!\" Chris started to shake his head violently. \"This is Apollo Six-Seven, Artemis Six-Two, this is Apollo Six-Seven.\" \"Go ahead, Apollo.\" \"My navigator won't answer me. Systems show… he's jerking around, I can feel him. Advise. Over.\" \"Roger that.\" Reigart's voice took over. \"Chris. Chris, its Admiral Reigart. Chris, talk to me.\" \"Jeremy…\" Chris whispered. \"He's dead, Chris,\" Reigart said. \"He's dead. You're alive. Now, get control of yourself. Chris, Turmak needs you.\" \" I killed him,\" Chris whispered. \"No, the Serbs did, Chris,\" Reigart said smoothly. \"Now, tell me, have you got your boots?\" There was silence. \"Have you got your boots, cowboy?\" Reigart asked. \"Yes, sir. They're still tied on.\" \"What time is it?\" \"0934, sir.\" \"And you're flying.\" \"Over the Pacific, reaching the turn around point in about ten minutes. \"Good. Turmak, he's fine.\" Turmak's voice was shocked. \"Are you sure? Do you want me to come back?\" \"Now why would we do that?\" Chris asked sarcastically. \"Complete your course. Over and out.\" Reigart's voice died. ~*~*~*~ \"They're all crazy,\" Turmak sighed. ~*~*~*~ Ok, that's the first part. Please review! I want to know how bad it is. ","Summary":" Hey, folks. Welcome to my newest fic. This is my first Behind Enemy Lines fic, so be nice. Please. "},{"Movie":"Behind Enemy Lines","Title":"Falling Secrets","Author":"Acky002","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9055567","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Falling Secrets The wind whipped down the valley, watched over by a glinting, silver sphere. Shimmering speck of light twinkled through the darkness of the void. Silence. On the moon-washed ground, a glazed-over lake lay still. Snow covered it in a cold, crisp blanket. Tiny, sparkling diamonds danced in the moonlight. All shimmering. All glinting. All silent. Reeds stood sentinel, surrounding the picturesque lake. In the darkness a vole looked out, peering through their ranks, the bright, darting, beady little eyes scanning the skies for any untold terrors that may be hiding in the endless void above. It ran for the cover of a burrow only to be plucked, mercilessly, form the earth by the deathly claws of an owl. Silence The wind wondered through the reeds, stirring them into a swaying dance. The rustling of reed-like skirts whispered through the stems. As sometimes happens, the world stopped. Not a bird flew, nor did the wind whistle, nor the water run, or the reeds rustle. Nothing. It was as if the sands of time itself had stopped ticking away the seconds. Silence. Suddenly, unexpectedly, unpredictably, the silence was savagely torn apart. A fireball fell from the sky, a flaming pebble falling through the oily sea of sky, plummeting into the pond below. The front of the object was torn apart and the empty shell was left floating on the surface, in a roaring, raging, roasting inferno. Flight Lieutenant Jake Hunter grunted and rolled over in the wet grass. His head was pounding and he could hear his heart hammering, pounding, and throbbing against his chest, as if trying to escape the catacombs of his ribs. Slowly his vision focussed. Swimming grew blobs slowly transformed into huge, pillar trees in front of him. The snow was crisp under his feet as he struggled to his top height. The altitude made him nauseous and he swayed like a tree on the brink of being felled. He took a shaky step forward, his eyes adjusted to the darkness and he became even more worried. Being shot down is bad, but being shot down in the middle of no where was even worse. He dived for the nearest cover as the first shots rang out. He lay still. Not realising it, he had dived straight into what was rightly named the \"Grave Zone.\" Two cold, dead, unforgettable eyes looked at him in an unnatural stare. They were as blue as the sea and were almost speaking to him. The sheer terror that was etched into those beautiful eyes was now permanently imprinted into Jake's shock-shaken mind. He looked up the face, and vomited. Half of the jaw was missing form what would have been a handsome face. What was left of the jaw was hanging, segregated, in the wind by a bit of blackened skin. The nose was missing also, and the deadly ridges of a black, deadly, Spearhead Cobra, lay in a coil of sleepy scales, resting in a gaping hole where his mouth used to be. As if disturbed by Jake's presence, the scales moved. They wriggled about before finally disappearing down the man's maggot filled throat, with a sickening squelch. Jake's eyes followed the deadly serpent down the poor man's body, as it slithered deeper into the rotting face of death. A hole had been blown in the man's midriff and his intestines slipped down a river of dried, cracked blood that twisted, wriggled, and twirled down the leaf green, bullet torn, rags of uniform that still hung loyally to the rotting corpse. The maggots had already hatched and were now devouring the rancid remains of this dead brave soldier. In a moment of insanity, Jake ripped himself from the gruesome scene. He ducked, and dived, and drove onwards. Parts of the corpses, dead and decaying, lay dotted around. The chit of a scalp. A dash of bone. The charred, and crushed splinters of what resembled skull, blackened by incendiary bombs, lay on the pure white snow. Pure innocence blanketed in a rug of soft, comforting, white, diamonds. A hand here. A foot there. A gruesome reminder of the horrors of World War Three. The war that was meant to end all wars. Jake dived for a snow drift. Hollow, heartless bullets pierced the matt black sky, with sharp uniformed cracks. He could hear a faint whisper. It was as if the Corpses themselves were cheering him on, praying that he wouldn't fall to the horror, the darkness, the evil that they themselves had fallen to. He looked up and saw a trench. In reality the trench couldn't have been more than ten meters away but to Jake it felt like ten miles. With an unearthly scream Jake willed his broken, battered, and tired shell of a body home. He fell in a heap at the bottom of the trench. Unconscious. 1 week previous The air was dry over Kandahar. The fiery sphere scorched the mountainous ground below a sapphire blue sky, with an unrelenting stare. It was quiet as the wind danced amongst the rocks a boulder, whipping soft sand up into tunnels of tiny spirals in the valleys. All was quiet in the valleys and gorges. No sheep bleated on the mountain side, nor insurgents shout from post to post. Silence reigned over the Rocky out crops and the jagged cliffs. Without warning the air was brought alive with the crackling roar of three afterburners, spitting out rings of purple and blue. They shook everything, from the very depths of earth to the roof of heaven. And that was only after they flew past, at lightening speed. The trio of F-35 Multi-role Fighters flew low across the desert towards their target. At just under 1.3 times the speed of sound, the world was but a blur to the pilots, a vast expanse of blurry sand and rising ridges. Still they flew on, eating up the miles that lay between them and success. They head out towards the heart of the mountains, the sun blinding them as it dipped below the horizon to their right. As they flew in V-formation there was regular chatter over their radios. In the lead F-35, Flight lieutenant Jake Hunter radioed his superiors \"Kingfish X-Ray, this is Mike Romeo Lemma Nine One, target ETA 5 minutes, requesting radio silence, over\" the radio crackled in the helmet of the officer before the soft accent of the American commander known as Archie 'the bulldog' Francis, came back on the air, \"Mike Romeo Lemma Nine One, this is Kingfish X-Ray, permission granted. Good luck lads, out\" Hunter now focused on the task ahead, his hands deftly switching off the radio inside his cockpit, his eyes already searching for the cluster of buildings which housed a group of militants whom were giving the ground force a heap of trouble. Hunter recalled the information given him by the U.S commander. A group of his men had been pinned down by the \"opposing force\" as Francis called it. Three challenger tanks and two trucks of Taliban Fighters. It was their job to end the threat. This was easy when you have an arsenal at your fingertips. \"Don't worry boys,\" Hunter whispered, \"helps on the way.\" He glanced across to the other jets on his left and right. Flying Officer Elliot Batty was busy twiddling knobs on his dial whilst Pilot Officer Jenny Chung glanced across at Hunter Giving him a nod of recognition. The young Flight Lieutenant radioed the others in an entry of unorthodox commands. \"Ok guys,\" Hunter crackled, \"we split up, Chung in from the West, Batty from the east, and I'll take them head on, over\" Batty's voice came across first on the crackling intercom \"Rodger that,\" The jets split off Hunter continuing as normal into the sapphire horizon. Soon they would reach the troops pinned down by the convoy of tanks. Silently Hunter prayed he would not be too late. He pushed forward the throttle and felt the surge of energy push him into the seat as the jet effortlessly broke the sound barrier with a tremendous double boom. Hunter pressed numbers on the computer in front of him and the felt his stomach lurch as the jet dropped from 1200 to 800ft in less than ten seconds. Now he was ready. Again he tapped the computer screen, cycling through the F-35's vast array of weapons before he came to the ones he required. A grin danced on the edges of Hunters lips, pulling at the corners of his cheeks, lifting them ever so slightly upwards. The deafening roar of the F-35's engine died away, the cockpit halted its back-breaking shaking. Hunters Vision sharpened and his finger hovered over the trigger, waiting for the two words he wanted to hear. \"Missile Locked,\" squawked his on-board computer. His finger jerked. There was a shudder. A white serpent of smoke disappeared into the distance, heading for the target. The white snake disappeared in a fireball which exploded out with a satisfying whumpf. Hunter shot over the convoy, engines roaring as he guided the fighter into a steep climb, rising higher into the cloudless sapphire sky. The jet pulled round in a tight U-turn, returning for a second attack. Hunter watched as two more explosions followed his first one, leaving the Challengers a raging inferno. There was no remorse as he selected the next two targets. Two more ribbons shot from the plane, exploding in an impressive fire ball. From the cockpit Hunter could feel the heat as he passed overhead. Leaving what was left of the two Troop trucks burning in the Afghan sun. Forty minutes later the three jets touched down on the dusty air strip at Kandahar, images of the devastation they had wrought still fresh in their minds. They taxied into the hanger, and waited while they were docked and ladders brought up to the cockpits. They surrendered themselves to the questions fired apon them from the ground crew that swarmed over the jets like bees on a new flower. Batty walked off, head low, eyes glazed over, mouth clamped shut. Hunter watched after his young wingman and wondered what to say to him. Chung joined him \"Do you think he is ok?\" she asked \"Taking your first blood is always hard,\" he sighed remembering the first time he had seen the devastation caused by his missiles. The Horror was all too fresh in in memory, \"I'll go talk to him,\" \"Ok Jake,\" Chung flashed a charming smile and walked off towards the Barracks. Hunter looked after her. Even in the bulky flying suit, she was still the prettiest girl on campus by far. He smiled and turned, catching a glimpse of Batty disappearing through the fire exit at the end of the murky hanger. He jogged after him, his combat boots making rhythmic thuds of the hard concrete floor. Hunter walked out into the searing heat of the midday sun. Batty stood, slouched against the wall of the hanger, an unlit fag hanging form his jaw. Hunter stopped, taking a moment to compose himself, then strode over to the slouching officer. \"Batty,\" he called, waving away the formalities as batty jumped to attention. \"Light Chris?\" he asked, holding out his father's old Zippo lighter. \"Thank-you sir,\" he said, his voice dripping in sadness \"you alright Chris?\" he asked, snapping the lid shut as the officer took a long, drawn-out drag from the cigarette. \"Honestly sir?\" \"Honestly,\" Batty sighed, his shoulders low, \"my brother sir. He was in the 2nd Royal Tank Regiment…\" Batty took another ragged breathe, turning away from his superior, staring out to the edges of the wilderness. Hunter stayed silent, leaning against the metal beams of the Hanger. \"Jamie was killed…in an airstrike…almost two years ago…\" the big man hung his head again and the broad shoulders shook gently \"You felt like your brothers killer?\" asked Hunter. He put a hand on his wingman's shoulder and spoke softly, \"Look Chris. You are not your brother's killer. You're a bloody good Pilot and I'm pretty sure you're a bloody good bloke as well. Look, I'm going into the U.S sector with a couple of top notch brasses. It's gonna be boring as hell. Come with us. You're an Officer now. And the oldies could use some new blood at our doos.\" \"Thank-you sir,\" the young Flying officer \"Jake,\" Hunter replied, \"whilst you're my wingman, you call me Jake. No Formalities needed alright?\" \"Yes sir,\" he said, \"I mean yes Jake.\" \"Good man,\" hunter said, \"7:30 by the A.T.C tower. See you there.\" Batty smiled and offered a sharp salute. Hunter nodded, and returned the salute, before leaving the young pilot to his thoughts. ","Summary":" Falling Secrets The wind whipped down the valley, watched over by a glinting, silver sphere. Shimme"},{"Movie":"Behind Enemy Lines","Title":"BEHIND ENEMY LINES: Whispers Of Fear Chapter 3","Author":"schuyler-fox-dracul","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2113014","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Schuyler Fox. Dracul t BehindntEnemy Lines: Whispers Of Feart© 2004 Chaptern3: WATCH AND LEARN \" Haltndie Schnauze...and stay right there \" The screams of thenthree armed men, holding semi automatic machine guns and containingngrenades in there bulky green protection pouches. There eyes dark,nhuge sleep bags laid under there dark eyes. Scars all over therenfaces, one of them wore a black beanie. Two of them stood over himnthe one to Chris' right had the black beanie as for the leftnsoldier was a skinhead, and evil look...causing more fear to becomenvisible through Chris' eyes. Chris could feel nothing was about to be sweet talk, or anything goodnto come along. His eyes burning in fear as blood dripped from thenleft side of his head, a deep cut slip across his forehead, skin andnblood mixed together, he could only wonder what was in store for himnnext. He looked at the two Germans in his view, there broken languagenhitting his ears tightly as they tried to get through to him, but henalready knew that he couldn't try anything to escape. His mindntraveled slowly as they watched over him like a Hawk . Flashback... His mind set on getting help and information about the terrorist henhad just had a conversation to, the German terrorist that had blownnan abandoned factory up. . . He turned the knob on the front door, only to receive the butt of ansemi automatic machine gun forced at his head, Hard. The crack of the skull filed the room, as the skin split across,ncausing a huge amount of blood and agony to thrust out of control.nChris fell to floor, violently, his body thumping onto the hardnfloors, as he feels the pain crawl from his head down to his body.nCrying in agony as he tried to look up before darkness threw him tonthe floor. Flashback fades... Chris looks at them, a glare is placed from his sorrow look as hentried to see where the head commander of the soldiers had gone,nbefore he feels that he was standing behind him, leaning back feelingnthat a pair of legs standing behind him as he crouched on thengrounds. He gradually looked up to see him; a smirk crossed thenGerman's face as he looked down at the young man. . . He held out a videotape, a SONY video camera. Starting his way to thenside of him catching the almost falling stand for the camera. \"We are going to let the whole world see how much of a failurenLieutenant Chris Burnett is\" The German spoke as he looked at him, his face so serious and angrynas he switched the camera on, and focused it on Chris, as he satnthere, his legs out on the ground his palms helping his weight up asnhe felt the rush of pain run through his head. The blood was startingnto become dry over his head, small splatters laid next to his leftneye. He gave the camera a soft glare, as he knew that his parentnwould see it, knowing his mother will cry and worry so much she couldncommit suicide, He started to shiver. His face in sorrow as henwatched the German's prepare for a Live capture for the news to shownthe whole world, he cleared his throat. He knew what they wanted butnhe couldn't give it to them he had no idea where it was nor who hadnthe pictures. \"1...I don't know where the photo's are\" He struggled to let out, he bit his lower lip and shut his eyesntightly as pain rushed through him, and the stinging feeling of thencut being infected began to poor in. \"Whatever. . . But I bet you will change your mind and what younsay when You... He stopped and nodded to the other two soldiers in the room, slightlynnodding his head to the front door, obviously ordering them to leave.nThe two nod and salute slowly before heading outside. He turned backnto Chris and glared. \" . . .. Till I what?\" He demanded an answer as he watched the German smile at him until thensound of scraping and crackly radio wav sound interrupt him. Chrisnjolts his head to the radio on. The table near him. The German keptnsmiling at him, making him furious. His Adrenaline started to hammer inside him as well as a headache.nReceiving the CB Radio in his hand he clicked it on and held it..n.the crackling sound eco through, letting a beat of silence fill thenbroken room. . Chris dragged his ocean blue eyes up to see him listening to thenGerman speaking in their little language. Chris began to get hisnwitty ways back to him, as he tried to think positive, even though henknew it wasn't a positive situation. Chris looked up at him. . . \"Ok...Make sure they don't get away...if they do, kill them\" Chris shot his head up; the first people he thought of were hisnparents he rushed to find out, as fear started to evolve quicker andnthicker. \".. What!tWhat are you doing? \" Chris yelled in demand of knowing who he had told the two soldiers tonkeep hostage as his eyes widen as he didn't receive an answer, hisnheart began to pound hard as he watched the German smile at him. \"Who are you keeping Hostage?\" Chris shouted!, furiously as his neck began to cover red with thenanger he kept inside but his fear rose harder as he hoped so hard itnwasn't his parents, hoping his parents aren't in any harm because ofnhimself. \"Halt die Schnauze!\" The German yelled in anger and Rage as he looked down at Chris andnturned off the CB Radio quickly slamming it down onto the table,ncausing Chris to jump at the thud beside him. The silence began tonfill the room ... the sun started to fall as the cold, painful daynslowly went to an end. Was this a good thing...or was it just goingnto get worse? Chris sat there and let the pain rub against him as hisnmind traveled to his parents hoping they were alive and well... He looked down at his knees that lay before him. he pondered hard onnhow and if was going to get out of this mess. Is this all because hentook a flight over Bosnia and took photo's revealing a darknsecret?...was it all because he didn't listen to Stackhouse...WasnStackhouse's death all because of him, if he didn't leave himnwould Stackhouse still be alive...Would he be alive?. Chris fillednhis aching mind with these questions, Questions of the past. Soon Chris' thoughts are rudely interrupted as the shivering soundnof a clicking and beeping on a camera shoots his attention. He focuses his highly intense blue eyes up to the red light as itnflicked on and off for two minutes, loading. Ready for the LIVE videonfor the world to see. Chris didn't care what the world thought ornwill think after they see this, or when they are watching it. AllnChris cared about was his safety of his mother and father...wherenthey safe?...he has no idea!. The German stared at him, a scar from the top of his foreheadntraveled to the top right end of his eye brow. He glared at him withnhis deep green eyes and took his eyes to the buttons on he camera asnit gave its sign of completion, to roll the camera ready!. \"Now Chris... He began before he have himself a lightened face as he nodded,nremembering something. He jumped over to the CB Radio and clicked itnon, the crackling sound echoed the room. \"Get over here, Soldier\" He demanded, before disconnecting the call, he replied something elsenin German and threw the Radio on the table once again causing thenthud on the table beside the frightened Chris. Chris now felt his heart beginning to pound hard, as the door slammednopen. The Soldier who wore the black cotton beanie walked in andnstood in front of his commander and saluted slowly. The commander directed the soldier where to stand with his eyes andnslowly went back to the camera. He was ready to roll and get the shownon fire! ","Summary":" Schuyler Fox. Dracul t BehindntEnemy Lines: Whispers Of Feart© 2004 Chaptern3: WATCH AND LEARN \" H"},{"Movie":"Behind Enemy Lines","Title":"Pompous remembrance day poem","Author":"Aurora Violin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1127128","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pompous I am contentn Behind enemy lines, they do not see men The choking fogn Swirlsn Tightening around men Unable to escapen The bitter air is choking hot, though my breathn Shimmersn White in the nightn He comes, I brace myself,n Tensen He runs, unaware I am heren Helpless; Powerless; Ineptn He staggersn I am content By: Kyla Corellin Remembrance Day poem ","Summary":" Pompous I am contentn Behind enemy lines, they do not see men The choking fogn Swirlsn Tightening a"},{"Movie":"Behind Enemy Lines","Title":"Oh God","Author":"Harriet Vane","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/486490","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This story takes place right after Burnett hides in mass grave. It's meant to answer two questions: what did Burnett discoverrnto be the meaning of the war and how did he get so clean after falling in the mud? This is has a Major spoiler for the movie (although I don't know why you'd be reading this if you haven't seen it). And pleaserndon't forget to review. None of the characters are mine, they belong to Fox entertainment. The song is from Godspell. I'mrnnot making any money off this, yadda, yadda yadda . . . Oh God Lt. Chris Burnett pulled his head out of the mud and gasped for breath. Two emotions were raging inside of him, fighting forrndominancy. Fear and disgust. \"Oh God,\" he said mindlessly under his breath as he pulled himself out of the mud pile. \"Oh God,\" I just hid under a deadrnbody. \"Oh God,\" those guys nearly found me. \"Oh God,\" that kid couldn't have been more then six years old. \"Oh God,\" wernflew over this. \"Oh God,\" that woman looks like she was pregnant. \"Oh God,\" we must have pictures of this. \"Oh God,\" theyrnplanted trees to hide this. \"Oh God,\" we have pictures of this . . . \"Oh God,\" that's why they killed Stackhouse. He ran and ran, he couldn't stop. Every step, every breath was a revelation. His chest began to tighten and he started gaspingrnfor breath. But he kept running. He had to get away, he had to get far, far away. His eyes were burning as mud and sweatrnstarted to stream into them, but he couldn't close them, he couldn't blink 'cause when he closed his eyes he was suddenlyrnback there, in that grave, with a hundred hollow empty eyes staring up at him, demanding to know why American had let thisrnhappen, begging him to bring them justice. \"Oh God,\" he choked out again. He ran blindly, without thought of his direction or his path. All he could think about was getting away. Then suddenly hisrnfoot caught on a tree root and he pitched forward onto a pile of snow. The cold hit his face hard. He wasn't lying in the downy powder that fell on Christmas Eve, the stuff kids made snowmen outrnof and that got stuck in the eyelashes of pretty girls. No, this was hard and sharp, it stung where he had hit it. The need to run evaporated. He was too tired, too weak. He would have vomited but there was nothing in his stomach, hernwould have cried but he was too dehydrated for tears. It didn't occur to him that he should get on his feet and run, put asrnmuch distance between himself and the grave. It didn't occur to him that he had to be quiet so that the half an army trying torntrack him down wouldn't be able to follow the noise of his sobs. It didn't occur to him that he wanted to keep his eyes openrnso he wouldn't be able to see Stackhouse being executed or the blank stares of all those people in the grave played over andrnover in his minds eye. He pushed himself onto his hands and knees, his chest heaved with sobs as he gasped for breath. Dead.rnSo many dead. Just dead and forgotten. How could people die like that? How could someone kill a group of people, kids,rnpregnant women, and just leave their bodies to be forgotten? How could someone kill Stackhouse? He'd been helpless,rninjured, frightened. This was so wrong, so very wrong. How could there be this kind of evil, how could there be any kind ofrnlife in this place? \"Oh God,\" he gasped again, opening his red rimmed eyes and glancing through the sweeping branches ofrnforest above him to a heavy gray-blue sky. \"How . . .\" could you let this happen, can these people go on living, can I go onrnliving, can I have been put here, can I make it better? A wind blew through the forest, chilling Burnett, rustling the branches of the trees and sending two brightly colored birdsrnBurnett couldn't identify into the air. The birds were the first moving things he'd seen since they'd gone on this godforsakenrnmission that didn't scare the hell out of him. They were the first thing he'd seen that were colorful and beautiful and graceful.rnHe stared up at them and watched as they flew away, settling on a branch about a hundred yards from where they'd takenrnflight. There was life here. There was beauty here. There was a sort of peace here too. And life was worth fighting for, so wasrnbeauty, so was peace. He wondered idly, whether some of those people in the graves would hade known the names of thosernbirds, maybe someone would have spent their free hours wandering through the forests looking at the birds. Maybe,rnsomewhere, one of those people had a book, like his mom, where she would write down the day, and what birds she sawrnwhere and at what times. Burnett hadn't noticed it, but he had stopped sobbing and started breathing normally. Withoutrnreally thinking of it, he grabbed some of the snow and started to rub it on his face and through his hair, washing off the mud.rnWith an odd sort of detachment he continued to create a world for the bodies he'd seen as he scrubbed himself with thernsnow. The six year old kid, he played soccer all the time but stunk at it. It didn't matter thought, the kid just loved to play, hernwas a great sport. The pregnant lady was the homemaking type. She would dry flowers and put cheese on everything. Shernwas so happy when she found out she was pregnant. Burnett smiled for a second at this thought, and then his smile slipped.rnThat baby would never be born, that kid would never play soccer again, and there would never be another entry in the birdrnjournal. And that's when he understood. \"This isn't right,\" he said to himself as he wiped the muddy water from his face with his bare hands, leaving it somewhat dryrnand significantly cleaner. \"This whole mess, it's . . .\" He didn't know the words to describe what he had seen when he lookedrnat the lifeless bodies of those people, or even the lifeless body of his best friend and pilot. But he knew that all the peoplernwho were sitting on the Carl Vinson were doing all they could to keep those words he didn't know from happening everrnagain to anyone else. Yeah, sure, they were doing a shitty job. But at least they were doing something. He took a deep breath and pushed himself off of the ground and started walking again, crunching through the snow, towardsrnthe rendevous point with renewed determination and, oddly, hope. Without realizing it, he started singing a song he'drnforgotten he knew under his breath, \"When wilt thou save the people / Oh God of mercy when / the people, Lord, the peoplern/ Not thrones and crown / but men . . .\" The End ","Summary":" This story takes place right after Burnett hides in mass grave. It's meant to answer two questions:"},{"Movie":"Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart Ja...","Title":"Jack M","Author":"MaireadSystem","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12560532","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If you're not familiar with how things work in Mairead's system, please read my profile and this little drabble will make more sense. One: How It Should Have Ended Mairead got curious and started looking at the stories for my cannon. I must say I'm not surprised that there aren't many, but what was here prompted me to write this. You see, I saw a couple with summaries explaining that the story is \"how it should have ended,\" and that ruffles my feathers a bit. I am of the opinion that things could not have happened any other way. No, that they shouldn't have happened any other way. Starting at the very beginning: my mother. What if she hadn't been alone? What if she'd had a husband to take her to a \"proper\" doctor? Well, then I'd have been born in a hospital, or in their home, in a respectable manner... and I doubt any of us would ever have met Madeleine. Being born in a more usual home would mean my mother didn't have to hike up the mountain on the coldest-ever day on earth. It would mean I didn't need a new heart. It would make me completely ordinary. So then, given the extraordinary circumstances that led me to have my cuckoo-clock heart and the absolutely incredible surrogate mother that I had, supposing Madeleine had been a bit more honest with me? What if she had taught me about love from the beginning? Why, I might have been afraid of it. I might have been afraid to love even her, and that would have been terrible. On the other hand, I might have been too bold, thinking I knew all there was to know about love. I might have rushed into it with no hesitation and died at ten years old and missed the wonderful adventures I had at fourteen. What if Miss Acacia hadn't had to flee Edinburgh? I'd have seen her at school, and Joe wouldn't have dared bully me in front of her. I'm sure he would still have found occasion to do so in private, and perhaps she'd have thought me a bit pathetic, not being able to defend myself for fear of losing my temper and dying... not to mention stabbing someone's eye out. Maybe at ten she'd have found me a nuisance and not taken me seriously. Joe was much more self-assured at that age. I'm not at all sure she wouldn't have chosen him if I had not had the time away from her to grow and mature a bit. I say a bit because I know that even now I can be rather silly at times. Anyway, what if I had not run into Jack the Ripper? Hair-raising as that experience was, it led me to conceal myself under the seat in a rail car moments before that car was entered by my friend Monsieur Melies. The malfunction of his machine led him to discover me, and he was the best friend of my short life. Then suppose I had not rediscovered Miss Acacia in Andalusia? I would never have stopped searching for her. My love for her would have been the death of me just the same, even if it took a little longer. If I had never taken the job on the Ghost Train, I might not have built up the courage to tell her who I was. If I hadn't told her, I'd have died a thousand deaths in silence. What if Joe had been delayed just an hour and Miss Acacia and I had made our escape? I'm sure we would have had a short time of bliss until she realized what she was truly doing to my heart. Than she'd have been angry with me and there would have been a fight... true, I would have liked for Joe to not be involved in it, but it would have ended the same. She would have left in an effort to protect me. What if she hadn't forgotten to give me back my key? What difference would it have made? I was damaged. The key could only put off the inevitable. I might have had my heart repaired, but I doubt even a proper clock maker could have done it in time. Madeleine was the only one who truly knew my inner workings well enough to repair damage that severe on such short notice. As I told George, I needed a new one. And there simply was not one to be had. I threw away the key because I didn't want to put off my death. I wanted Miss Acacia to understand that I was choosing to end it early, because it was the only way she would stop holding back. Even if I'd somehow gotten repaired, or gotten a new heart, she would never feel safe with her feelings anymore. She would be too afraid of damaging me. That wouldn't be fair to either of us. What if her kiss had \"broken the spell\" and been the thing I needed to make me \"a real boy\" all along? I know my story is rather like a fairy tale, but one has to draw the line somewhere. The truth is, some things are worth giving up your happy ending for. I mean, what's a happy ending anyway? \"They all lived happily ever after.\" It's simply not true. No one lives forever, and as long as you live, you can't be happy for more than a few hours straight, even. It would drive you mad. Life's sweetness is tempered with tears. Whatever life of forced happiness I might have had, it could not compare with the experience of that one moment, that moment frozen and suspended in below-freezing air and a scatter of snowflake-confetti. The moment when I did not hope, did not dream, did not even believe—I knew that she loved me as I loved her. It filled my heart, the soul I was unaware of until that moment. It was all I could ever have wanted. I won't try to tell you that I don't look back on it with wistfulness, wishing I could taste that moment just a little longer. But I know it would improve nothing. Let me tell you what happened after the end of that story. If you wish to keep it intact in your mind, I understand—stop here. But for me, there is more. More to follow. I know Jack Frost has been working on his story, and Levi eventually wants to finish the one he started, but we have to write as we are inspired, and tonight I was the inspired one. The others express their apologies for their delays.[Chapter 2] I don't expect many people to read this chapter, but if you do, I hope you'll tell me what you think of it. Thank you very much. ~Jack M. Two: A New Love Everything stopped. No sound, no movement, no warmth... I opened my eyes and found death to taste less bitter than I had imagined. I could still see her beautiful face, poised as she kissed me. I knew I would never know what she did after that—if she was surprised after all, if she held me in the snow, if she wept a long time. There was no point in lingering. I caressed her sweet face one more time and turned to my grave. I was sad about William. I'm sure that Madeleine's arrest must have been what killed him—what \"done him in,\" Luna would say. His little grave marker looked forlorn, though not so much as mine. Mine was shaped traditionally, like a cross, but the arms looked like the hands of a clock. It may seem funny, but I had no instinct to sink into the ground or any such thing. I didn't see my body lying about. That told me instantly that all I could see and touch here was my last glimpse of my life. I couldn't really change anything here. It was an echo of what was real. Instead of going down into my grave, I had the urge to go upward. To heaven? I don't know, really; just on. To see what was up there, beyond the snowfall. I climbed onto my marker and then grasped the suspended graupel. It did not feel cold and held up better than one would expect. I began climbing the sky, up and up and up, never getting tired. My heart didn't hurt anymore and I could breathe freely. I looked down once and everything was just as I had left it. I could see the village below, and nothing stirred. It was all like a painting of a frame from a film reel. The film would continue without me, and all I had was the painting which would never move. I didn't look back again. Little did I know the impact which the film about me would have on Mairead. She is the sort of person who cannot abide watching a film too soon after a previous viewing. Sometimes it takes years before she can watch even a favorite again. So when I tell you that she watched my film four times in a week, you understand that it moved her a great deal. When a book or film or her own imagination brings to life for her a character with whom she can relate, or whom she admires a good deal, that character often becomes an alter: a personality she can slip into when it seems preferable to dealing with life as herself. So, due to the impact my film had upon her, when I climbed up into that bank of clouds which had hitherto been dropping its flakes to the earth, I suddenly found myself in a different world. Some alters come fully equipped to deal with life in this dimension, but I was not so fortunate. The pain and shortness of breath returned worse than ever. It's hazy now, but I remember the smoke rising from my clock and someone asking me if I was all right—Eren, probably. I think they got me to lie down, and gave me some water or something. Then they were talking about how to fix me, and whom they could ask for help. They seemed really afraid that I might die... and I couldn't help feeling some irony over that. I had already died once that day; it seemed silly to do it again so soon. Jack Frost offered to fly around looking for spare parts, but they needed someone who would know what to do with them, or it would do no good. The only clock maker they could think of to fix me was Gepetto (of Pinocchio), but Mairead didn't have a real connection with that character, and no one from his cannon had ever visited before. They consulted her friend Kitsune (one of the few to whom Mairead has confided about us alters) but they couldn't come up with anything else, even though it seemed like they were forgetting someone important. I learned that the same thing happened before Leo was called in to heal Eren once. In his own world, Eren heals very quickly on his own, but here a strange wound appeared in his side for no apparent reason. They were thinking of calling in Richard Kimble (The Fugitive) or even Carlisle (Twilight), but it seemed like there must be someone Mairead was a little more connected to. Sure enough, they finally thought of Leo, and he was able to come and help. He's been coming by now and again ever since. Anyway, they were about to ask Leo about Gepetto because my situation seemed quite dire, but then someone remembered that Nick Burkhardt (Grimm) had visited a few times, and he had a friend obsessed with clocks: Monroe. They wasted no more time, but called Leo in and quickly explained the situation. Leo went to Nick's world, and Nick easily persuaded his friend to come. Apparently, once Monroe knew it was a horological emergency, he asked no questions, but threw together a bag of parts and tools and gladly came through to another dimension. Brave man, or just that obsessed. Monroe was very pleased to make my acquaintance, and I his. In a way, he reminded me a bit of George. I think it was his delight in small mechanics. He quickly got a grasp of how my heart functioned and began a series of delicate operations, first stopping further damage from occurring, and then beginning the repairs in earnest. I must have been struggling along at less than fifty-percent capacity, a truly dangerous level for me. But by the time he was done, I felt at about eighty percent. He is truly a craftsman. No one here knows how to make Madeleine's tear liquor, but we have found that even raw tears have a reviving effect on me. When one of the group happens to shed tears, they are kind enough to let me have them. I've tried brewing my own version of the liquor, but it doesn't come out right. Still, between Monroe and the occasional tears I receive from my friends here, I get along all right. I've been living in this world for more than four months now, and the others have made me feel very welcome. Contrary to his nature in his own world, here Eren is readily accepting of newcomers. It didn't take him long to start offering me hugs and to bid me good night with an accompanying \"I love you\" as he gives the others. It worried me at first—love killed me in my last life. But I've found that this kind of love doesn't have the same effect on me at all. Just as Madeleine could love me and I her with no more than the usual consequences of familial affection, the love of and for my new friends seems quite harmless. In fact, I think it has helped me a good deal. I've decided I'm not going to fall in love again. Oh, perhaps one day I could find another Miss Acacia somewhere, in some world. But I'm ticking away just fine, and I've found a new love to explore, so why spoil it? I want to focus on having friends, not lovers. I didn't have friends my own age before, and Jack and Eren are filling that void quite nicely. They even modified an Easter cupcake to look like a cuckoo clock for my birthday in April. As for Levi, he's giving me an idea of what it might have been to have a dad. He is strict, but reasonable, and always sees that I remember to wind my clock every day, and that we all have enough to eat and get proper sleep. Oh, how could I wind my clock without the key? They got me a new one. They actually ordered a little key-wound clock online, and with a little help from Mairead's imagination and some magic, the version on our plane fits my heart perfectly. As long as I remember to wind it and get the occasional tear, Monroe need service me only every month or two, so I'm able to live as normal a life as I might under the circumstances. Incidentally, to distinguish me from Jack Frost, I've asked the others to call me Jack M. M for Madeleine, not Melies. George was my dearest friend, but Madeleine was my family, the only family I ever knew, and I think it fitting that I should carry on her name. She is my only true regret from my previous life. If I had known what she would suffer on my account, I would have tried much harder to keep my temper under control. Unlike the others, I don't look forward to returning to my own world when Mairead no longer needs me. There's nothing for me to go back to. But Jack has promised that if and when the time comes, he will take me to his world. He will introduce me to Father Christmas (he tells me that Nickolas St. North is very good with clockworks), the Easter Bunny, Sandman and even the Tooth Fairy. It sounds lovely, and I think I'll take him up on it. In the meantime, Eren is determined to keep me here. I've started to fade out a couple of times, slipping into a sort of nothingness halfway between here and my Edinburgh. Each time, Eren has determinedly dragged me back. He refuses to let me return to my world, and I'm grateful. Because I'm my own ghost. I'm really dead this time. And that makes life here all the sweeter. Thank you for reading my story. I would like very much to hear from you. Yours, Jack M.[Chapter 3] Unexpected part 3, added 9/6/2017 I didn't think I'd be writing any more to post here, but here I am. I confess I've been a bit depressed of late. I've been missing home a lot and feeling a little bitter about not being able to go back. Dead at fourteen… I'm a little better now, thanks to the kind attention of the others, but I was \"in a bad place\" for a while there. Levi doesn't abide brooding for long. He'll watch his chance to get you alone and then pounce on you with uncomfortably direct questions so you can't dodge them. When I explained about my homesickness, and how I feel useless here sometimes, as if there's no point to anything (I especially feel this way when I think of Madeleine, and how much I regret having to leave her), he intimated that he understood something of what I felt, having lost his own mother young and having had to grow up quickly and go live in a very different environment. However, he wound up by reminding me, \"You're not dead here.\" It was quite an obvious statement of course, and yet I hadn't really thought much about it. Back home, I'm dead. I've got a grave and all, and by now it really does contain my remains. But here, I'm most definitely not dead. I can interact with other people; I can do things, feel things. In short, what he was really saying was, \"stop feeling sorry for yourself and you may feel more useful.\" Only more gently put. Still, the quiet reminder had a strong impact, and I felt a little ashamed, to be honest. Since then, I've been trying to make myself more active and useful, though there aren't many opportunities. I've been \"in front\" more lately, since Mairead is hoping to dress as me for Halloween, and she's a bit excited about it. Still, more fronting time is more time to actively brood. Even though we've all been living together a good while now, I'm still a little shy of the others, especially Levi. I admire him and crave his approval, and I suppose that's what it's like for many young men with their dads or older brothers. But Levi and Eren are very close, so I often feel like I'm intruding when I try to spend time with him. Jack Frost has been the one I spend the most time with, and I usually sleep near him at night. We all pile into bed together, pulling out a copy of Mairead's bed on our plane so it's twice as wide. I vaguely remember sharing Madeleine's bed when I was very small, but I never had any siblings, so it took some getting used to. Jack is willing to curl up quite close to me, but if he's not the one in front at the time, I can feel the air around him turning a bit too cold for my liking. Thinking of Joe and the bullying I endured, I longed for someone I could think of as a protector to sleep beside me. Jack is a protector of children, of course, but I want to get away from thinking of myself as a child. A few nights ago, I saw that Eren had fallen asleep quickly, so I crept closer to Levi, timidly asking if it was all right. It was—he welcomed me literally with open arms and even let me listen to his heart. A real heartbeat… I don't remember having one. I know I did once, but it was defective. Now and again, I can forget that I'm not normal, but listening to Levi's heart, I was filled with longing and a touch of self-loathing, and the old desire for a different heart crept back in, along with some of my fear. After all, nothing had changed. I was just as fragile as ever I had been. He didn't say anything then, but when I asked to listen to his heart on another occasion, he asked me some more of those direct questions. I tried to make some excuse for my melancholia, but he decided to call me out. I admitted that I was scared, but didn't want to say of what. He told me that my fear was understandable under the circumstances. I wasn't sure whether that should make me feel better. He said it was all right to say what I was thinking, but I couldn't know if he really guessed at my thoughts, or if he was off-base. \"We all know,\" he said. \"What do you mean?\" I asked, still not willing to make myself that vulnerable. \"We all know—and we know that you know—that any of us could kill you very easily.\" Somehow I hadn't expected him to come right out and say it, and once he did, I could scarcely believe it. He went on… saying something about it being a terrible position for me, and how I couldn't do anything but trust whoever I was with. I had no choice. I had always known this, but I'd never heard it put so plainly before. It was why I hadn't tried harder to defend myself from Joe. I knew if I fought back, he might kill me, intentionally or not. He assured me that none of them wanted to harm me, and I believed him, but it didn't completely remove my fear. He said he would do his best to protect me, and that felt good… and yet, I still was not completely at ease. \"May I touch your heart?\" he asked. I felt my fear spike for a moment. What if Levi was actually sadistic and had only been playing the nurturing protector, waiting his chance to betray me? What if he was about to savor my horror as he crushed my fragile heart to smithereens? But we had just been talking of trust and how I had no choice but to employ it. If he wanted to smash me, there was nothing I could do to stop him—trained soldier as he was and mere \"shrimp with muscles\" that I was. On the other hand, if I trusted him, perhaps my trust would be rewarded. Perhaps I would find him to be the friend I had longed for. \"All right,\" I heard myself say quietly. He was careful not to touch the hands of my heart, instead running his fingers lightly over the wooden exterior of my clock. It didn't hurt a bit. \"Is this all right?\" he asked. \"Yes,\" I answered, still a little nervous, but allowing myself to feel some relief at still being intact. He left off then and put his arms gently around me. The relief overwhelmed me a little, and I think I was trembling, but I nestled in against him rather than pulling away. \"It's all right,\" he said softly. I sniffed, having to fight tears a little. \"Thank you,\" I whispered. \"For always being so kind to me.\" \"You're welcome,\" he answered. He stroked my hair, and I was soon able to fall asleep. Since then, I've felt a lot more confident of my trust in Levi. He has told me that I can discuss anything with him, however uncomfortable or worrying. I've never known him to be angry with me—not that I do a lot of angering things, you understand, but one always worries. He also seems able to treat me as an adult, which is gratifying—but also to give fatherly attention when that's what I need. Much as I want to be a man, I think even adults have moments when they want to shed their responsibilities and just be cared for. Eren has been tactfully keeping out of the way when he senses that I want to talk with Levi, and proven to be a very thoughtful friend. I gather it's a quality he's developed here, being a bit more careless in his previous life. My heart was doing poorly for a while, and though Jack noticed it, I didn't tell the others for a while. I didn't see any point in worrying them. Of course I got lectured for that afterwards, and as it turned out, there was something they could do. They brought Monroe back to work on me again, and he ordered some new, tiny cogs. We had to wait a few weeks for them to come from overseas, but when they arrived, he performed a very delicate operation that was rather painful for me (they didn't dare put me under anesthesia since none of us is actually a doctor) but which seemed to do me a world of good. When he was done, I felt better than I had since I first arrived in this world, and as long as I remember to stay wound, I usually feel upwards of eighty-percent. I have also found a way to be useful, at last. Eren and Levi usually take turns \"fielding the pain,\" as they put it. That means that one person is in charge of feeling all the physical ailments that Mairead goes through, leaving the other alters free to concentrate on other things. Each month she has what we call a \"Dementor attack,\" a period of depression during which she is riddled with pain and feels as if she will never be cheerful again, and only chocolate seems to be much help. Whoever fields the pain during this time is always given special treatment. I agreed to take the pain this month. Pain is something with which I'm well acquainted, so I was up for the challenge. The others are taking exceptional consideration for me, fixing my food, asking if there's any little thing they can do to help, and with some medicine and chocolate, it's not so bad. All right, it's bad… It's a different sort of pain that I'm not used to. But it's helped me get closer to the others and built our camaraderie. Jack distracts me with his mischief and Levi and Eren check every so often to make sure I'm doing all right. They are very good to me. If they'll let me, I want to go on fielding the pain so they can get on with other things that I'm not able to help with. So, that's my life now… good friends, intense pain I don't mind so much, and a sort of second family coming together around me. I know I still have some hard times ahead, but I think it will all be worth it, and I'm going to be all right. Thank you for reading this update, and I would like very much to hear from you. Yours indefinitely, Jack M.[Chapter 4] January 20, 2018 This may be the last time I post. If so, it has been a pleasure. Thank you so much for reading and you may still feel free to post comments. It's difficult to believe that I've been here nearly a year. I thought I'd have left long before this, but my friends have held on to me for a long time, and I'm grateful. Jack Frost took me to see his world once. We just flew above it and he pointed out various things to me. It looked much like my world, or Mairead's, but it had its own quality that I can't quite explain. It was beautiful, and I felt more sure than before of what I'd been thinking lately: that it's time for me to go. I've brought it up more in the last week or so. We even told Mairead's friend Kitsune, that I might be going soon. Two new alters arrived in December—Benton Fraser and Ray Kowalski—and Ray has been in front a lot, being the newest. That often happens with the new chap. Mairead will be excited to explore a new character, and therefore he will end up doing a lot of talking and exploring this world. The downside is that he usually ends up fielding the pain as well. Anyway, I've felt with the newcomers apparently planning to stay for some time, that it is truly time that I leave. Six alters really is too much, and I'm ready for a change. I decided officially on our way to work this morning. This evening (the nineteenth; I'm writing after midnight), we went to a gathering of friends, and afterwords walked out with Kitsune and another friend. We said goodbye and went to the car. Then I realized we hadn't told our friend that I had officially decided to leave. We went back to her quickly and Eren explained. \"Yeah, you said he might be,\" she said. \"Quite soon,\" I told her. \"So, this may be the last time you see me.\" She hugged me and I held her tightly, ignoring the pressure it put on my clock. \"It's been an absolute pleasure,\" I told her quietly. \"I was going to say the same,\" she answered. I closed my eyes. She is such a patient, understanding friend. She has taken all of us under her wing as extensions of Mairead, and even though I didn't usually do the talking when we were together, I felt loved by her as I know the others did. \"Thank you,\" I whispered. I know my eyes were moist as we parted. I wanted to tell her I loved her, but I'm certain she got the message. Perhaps she'll even get around to reading this one day. She knows about this account and the purpose it serves, and about my posting my story. On the way home, Ray and Constable Fraser expressed regret that they had not had more time to get to know me. So, we agreed to take the time tonight. Ray asked me about Madeleine and Miss Acacia, and confided to me some details about his own experience with love. \"When I was ten years old, I met Miss Acacia,\" I said. He smiled. \"I was about that age when I met Stella.\" Ray has been married and divorced, and it is a subject that seems to prey on him a bit. He hoped to have children with his beloved, but she did not share the desire, and apparently that was the loose thread that started their marriage unraveling. I suppose he's old enough to be my dad, and he may be wishing I'd stay longer so he could try playing that role for me. But it's time to go, I think. I explained as best I could that Acacia had been my world... as well as what kept me from realizing how I had failed Madeleine until it was too late. \"It wasn't really your fault,\" he said. \"I mean, you lost your temper... but anyone would have.\" I supposed he might be right about that, considering Joe's treatment of me. And obviously, Madeleine had not blamed me for it, or she would not so calmly arranged my escape, instead of scolding me for my actions. \"I can't bring myself to think of what she might be doing now,\" I said of Acacia. \"How she might have moved on, whether she grieved long for me, or whether she's seeing someone else.\" \"You can't do that,\" he agreed. \"Once she's decided to move on, all you can do is stay back and wish her well. How old are you, again?\" \"Fourteen.\" He swore and then apologized—that's a rule here. If you use certain words, you are required to say sorry immediately. Other words, Mairead is more tolerant about, and still others require consequences. In any case, after that he said, \"I was around the same age you were when I fell in love, but I was a lot older than you when I had to deal with the grown-up stuff. Late twenties, early thirties. You're very mature for your age.\" It isn't that I want to leave this home. As I told Eren earlier, everyone here has become my family; the best family I could ever ask for. A band of brothers. I'm even a bit afraid to leave, and I'm sure I will be homesick for this family when I do. But I don't belong here, any more than I belonged back in Edinburgh. I'm hopeful that I'll finally find my place in the north pole workshop. I'm sure to be well cared-for, and I think I can find a way to be useful as well. I must leave off here because I feel myself getting very sleepy. I'll most likely bed down between Ray and Levi tonight, and try to see that I leave nothing unsaid when Frost takes me away. I may drop in on this world again, especially if Mairead decides to cosplay me again, but I think it wise to say my goodbyes as if I were not coming back. Morning at last. Mairead was exhausted, so we went to sleep quickly and I didn't get the chance to talk to the others—just Ray a little more, and Jack Frost a bit. I knew I'd be talking to Jack more, because he would be the one taking me away. Ray put his arm over me, resting his hand just under my heart. Asked me whether I were all right. I am, for the most part. He gave me a hug and said, \"I hope I see you again. But if I don't, I'm glad I got to meet you.\" \"Same,\" I answered, and told him I wished I could have known him longer. \"You don't have to go,\" he said, almost mischievously. I smiled. \"Yes, I do.\" \"Okay. Take care of yourself.\" \"I think I'll be well taken care of.\" I got out my key and wound my clock. Then I sat with Constable Fraser for a bit. I'd already told him last night that I admired him a good deal, as a man and his career as a peacekeeper and law enforcement officer. He expressed his goodwill for me and I wished him luck wherever his path led. It's clear to me that he and Ray have a strong bond of friendship that is likely to keep them together, or at least to keep bringing them back together, and I hope Jack and I can maintain such a friendship. Eren was next, and he folded me into his arms immediately. \"I love you so much,\" he whispered. I've always been a bit taken aback by how freely Eren has shown me affection, but I've come to welcome it. \"And I you, Eren,\" I told him. \"You've been like a brother to me. I will never forget you... or any of you.\" \"I'm going to miss you so much,\" he said, voice very tight. I knew he'd said goodbye to many friends, and few of them had come back. I didn't want to make any promises I wasn't sure I could keep, but I hated to make him so sad. \"I hope I can come back,\" I said. He was struggling not to weep openly. \"Sorry,\" he said. \"I wasn't going to fall apart like this.\" \"You're just giving me some tears for the journey,\" I said. Eren had probably been my most frequent supplier of tears. He smiled weakly and then gave an exasperated laugh. \"And now I can't even get the tear out,\" he said. They were standing in his eyes, not falling. I carefully touched my finger to the corner of his eye, lifting the tear away. I licked it off and then stole the tear from his other eye and brushed the moisture away from his face. My heart immediately felt a little stronger. \"Thank you.\" I couldn't say any more to him. I knew we'd both be a tearful mess if I did. \"Levi,\" I said, approaching the captain. He looked at me with a barely perceptible expression, something one has to become accustomed to before one can learn to read it. His face doesn't change much; it's mostly the eyes that tell you what's going on behind it. I felt he looked a bit wistful and a bit proud. He offered me his hand, and I knew he was giving me the chance to say goodbye man to man. I took his hand and shook it firmly, but I suppose I'm still a boy after all, because I had to hug him, too. I wanted to thank him for all he had been to me, but couldn't find suitable words to do so. Finally, I told him, \"I'll think of you often.\" He held me silently for a while before saying, \"As long as you don't let your past spoil the bright future ahead of you... thank you.\" How like him to put himself, even my memory of him, aside as something unimportant in comparison to what he hoped would be a better life for me. I wanted to duck down and listen to his heart one more time, but that was something rather personal one didn't just do where the other alters could observe in the daylight, especially not to someone as reserved as the captain. Instead, I pulled my arm round between us and placed my hand over his heart. I would have stayed like that indefinitely, but then he kissed my head and firmly pushed me away. \"Shall we call Monroe?\" he asked. \"Yes, I suppose so,\" I answered. I wanted the chance to say goodbye to the man who had likely saved my second life, and seeing Monroe would mean that I got to see Leo as well. \"We'll see if they can join us for breakfast,\" Levi said. So, while Ray and I feed the cat, Levi is going to call Leo to get Monroe and start fixing our morning meal. Leo arrived to an enthusiastic embrace from Eren. His cheerful smile sobered when he learned the reason of his summons. He agreed to fetch Monroe. While he was gone, Eren said to me, \"I guess you won't miss having to deal with someone else's pain.\" \"I didn't mind it,\" I said. \"I was glad to feel useful.\" \"You definitely were,\" he said. Leo returned with Monroe shortly, and we all had some of Levi's beautiful omelets together. There was sour cream to use up, so that went into the eggs in lieu of milk, along with some salt and minced mushroom and sweet pepper. Washed down with some juice infused with immune system-boosting tablet (Mairead's anxiety and depression have made her rather susceptible to illness of late), we consumed it in the living room while watching an installment of Midsomer Murders, Mairead's latest Netflix interest. Monroe took a look at my clock and declared that beyond a bit of oil, there wasn't anything it required of him before my departure. \"I'm gonna miss you,\" he told me. I expressed the same sentiments, and assured him that, from what Jack had told me, Mr. North would be quite capable of servicing my clock. When I thanked him for all he'd done for me, he claimed it had been purely for \"selfish reasons,\" he being such an avid enthusiast of clockworks. But I knew that wasn't entirely true. \"Well, it's been really, really good getting to know you,\" Monroe said after breakfast. \"If you ever need me again, I'll be there.\" \"Thank you.\" I turned to Leo. \"And thank you, Leo. You've been very helpful.\" \"Glad to,\" said Leo. \"Let me give you a hug?\" I nodded. So many hugs in one day... it was helping, though. Helping to make me feel ready to leave them. Each embrace was different, and this one gave me a full sense of Leo's role as guardian angel. \"I'll look in on you from time to time, okay?\" he told me. \"I'd like that,\" I said. \"Good luck, kid,\" Monroe said, as Leo prepared to take him away again. \"Thank you.\" \"I'll see you around,\" said Leo. Then they disappeared in a cloud of blue sparks. \"Can I hug you again?\" Eren asked when they were gone. \"Of course,\" I said. He didn't say anything this time, and I knew that this was it. \"You will hear from me. I promise,\" I told him. I'm finishing up this tale before I say my very final goodbyes. I've told Jack he can write a little epilogue to this chapter when he returns from taking me to his world, because by the time you read this, I'll already be gone. I'm so grateful for the few who have followed my story. If you have anything to tell me, Jack or Leo will see that I get the message. Thank you very much and I hope to give you a report on how I'm getting on at the north pole. May you find an equally satisfying path to follow. I won't say happy ending, because if we're honest, the end is not usually the happiest bit of our stories, and this is most certainly not my ending. Yours ever, Jack Madeleine Jack Frost here. I took Jack M. straight to the north pole when we got to my world. My good friend Nicholas St. North welcomed him with open burly arms and gave him the grand tour. The elves like him, the yetis like him, and North himself seems thrilled to have him there. North had prepared a clockwork-themed room for him, and it looks like he went kind of overboard with it. There are big and little clocks all over the place, with gears built into the actual walls—moving parts and everything! Jack kind of stared at it with his mouth hanging open, and I thought maybe it was really going to get on his nerves. He hears ticking all the time already... this was a lot to take in. Apparently, North realized how overwhelming it was, because he asked kind of meekly, \"Is too much? I can change it.\" Jack blinked and then smiled at him. \"I just can't believe you did all this for me,\" he said. North waved a hand like it was nothing at all. \"If you live here, you must be comfortable. If there's any little thing you don't like, you tell me. I change it,\" he repeated. Jack took off his coat and looked around the room. \"Give me some time to think and I'll let you know,\" he said. I thought that was tactful of him. I mean, it was cool. Really cool. But really too much. \"Look here,\" North said, going one of the side walls and pulling a lever. Two wall panels slid back, revealing a fireplace. \"In case you are cold. It takes time to adjust to the climate.\" \"Thank you,\" Jack said, his expression as awed as I felt. I always knew North could do amazing things with mechanics, but I hadn't imagined it could carry over to home decor like this. \"That is so cool,\" I said, going to get a closer look. \"There's an adjustable flue and everything...\" \"That is the damper,\" North corrected me. \"That little lever there.\" Jack tried moving it. \"It's lovely. Was this here before?\" \"No, this was a storage room for gift wrap before. Not safe to have fire in such a place.\" I chuckled at the thought of a room full of wrapping paper blazing away. North shot me a dark look. \"So... you made this for me, too?\" asked Jack. \"Yes. As I say, you must be comfortable.\" \"I don't know what to say. You've gone to a lot of trouble.\" \"Is no trouble!\" North scoffed. \"We just had Christmas; I needed a new project.\" I could tell that once Jack adjusted to the place, he and North were going to be good friends. He'd never known his dad, and North had always loved kids. It was a good arrangement for both of them. And of course, I knew that the other Guardians would help look after him, too. \"I did not know what to put in your room besides the usual things,\" North went on. \"So, you must tell me what you like. What makes you happy?\" \"Well...\" Jack sat on the edge of the metal-framed bed and looked up at the brass-colored molding. \"I like music,\" he said. \"Music boxes and so forth. Victrolas.\" \"Ah. I will have many ideas for you.\" \"Please, don't take any trouble on my account.\" \"Is no trouble.\" Jack smiled and looked down at the floor. He was sitting with his knees together and his hands clasped on top of them. I thought he looked shy. \"Do you want me to stay for a while?\" I asked, sitting beside him. \"You're very kind, but you should be getting back,\" he told me. \"Eren will be missing you.\" He'll be missing you more, since you're not coming back, I thought. \"Okay... Do you have your key?\" \"Yes.\" He put his hand over his pocket. \"I'll come see you before long. You know I'll be coming to see Pitch and the others now and then anyway, and I won't leave you out.\" \"I know. Thanks.\" I decided not to hug him again in front of North and the couple of elves that were hovering in the doorway. Instead I just put one arm around his shoulders and gave him a little squeeze. I stood up and leaned on my staff. \"Take good care of him,\" I told North. \"Of course. You take care of yourself, Jack.\" \"Don't I always?\" I gave them both a grin and flew out over the heads of the elves, who ducked in panic. When I got back to Mairead's world, several hours had gone by. The others had gone to her day job and were on their way home. I flew down to the car as they were getting off the highway and let myself in. Eren seemed particularly glad to see me, and I was sure he'd been missing me and Jack already. I filled everyone in on how things had gone and told them I thought Jack and North were going to get along great once they got to know each other. \"Sounds like he should have gone a long time ago,\" Eren said, looking kind of guilty. \"Nah,\" I said. \"He liked it here. And he's going to miss us, too. But it's not like we won't hear from him.\" \"Yeah.\" We started making plans for what was left of the day. I do miss him already. It'll be weird to not ask him if he remembered to wind his clock. Not having him near me at night. Not being able to share my jokes and mischief with him. It really was the best thing, though. And I think by the time I see him again, he'll probably have found his niche and have some cool stuff to tell and show me. So, I'm not sure if this is the last chapter of this story and we'll tell about news from Jack in other stories, or if we'll come back here and add to this one. But I am sure that we haven't heard the last from him. If you want to drop him a line, we'll make sure he gets the message. Thanks for following Jack's journey with us. Love, Jack Frost ","Summary":" If you're not familiar with how things work in Mairead's system, please read my profile and this li"},{"Movie":"Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart Ja...","Title":"Tick Tock Heart","Author":"Lt.Gungirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10765543","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note: This fanfic is based on the French Film Jack and the Cuckoo Clock Heart . I hope you find this venture satisfactory. I hope that Jack is portrayed properly. I might use aspects from the book. Chapter one should be up soon. Hope to see you all along on this journey![Chapter 2] When my lips merge with Acacia's I can feel it. Every gear in my chest speeds up and they grow hot and grind against each other. The pain is unbearable. My cuckoo chimes several times in quick succession sticking out of it's little door. Acacia's lips taste like the sweetest of fruits and before I know what's happening I'm ten years old again being infected by her very touch. Ecstasy and joy fill me up. Her touch is like electricity coursing through me. She's in my heart touching each gear and cog. And as she touches them they stop working. One by one I can feel the mechanisms of my heart faltering. There's heat in my chest and the little clock stuck into me is smoking because I can smell it. With the snow and the scent of Acacia's tears it makes for a rather memorable perfume that the cold wind picks up and carries away. I feel perfectly at ease. Pain blooms in my chest but so does an uncontainable joy. I am at peace as I feel myself slipping into darkness. Acacia's soft lips will stick in my memory forever, she's still crying and her lips shudder under mine. She's just as aware as I am that my hour has come. And neither of us wants to pull away and break the embrace we've been waiting for. There was no way we could be happy without this moment. Even if meant I lived to old age, it wouldn't have been anything without Acacia. She knows now that she couldn't have left me for long. If I'm dead she'll move on, maybe Joe will be good for her. Maybe she'll find someone else who can give her a proper heart. I'm so cold I don't think I could move if I wanted to. I think of a thousand things i want to say to her unable to even speak. And then the hour and minute hands slow to a standstill. It's like time has stopped for good and I can feel Acacia pull away to see my eyes close for good. I try to smile through the pain, to let her know I'm dying a happy man. I slump back against the cross shaped headstone and shudder in what I know is my final breath. I can hear Madeleine's scolding voice. \"I warned you about what love would do to your heart. It's not made to withstand such powerful emotions.\" Her familiar voice soothes even if she's furious. She is after all, the only mother I've ever known and she always knew how to take care of me. I want to feel her arms around me once more. Acacia is calling my name in a soft whisper. I can hear her choking on a sob as she tries to accept that I am dying. I can hear her singing now, the lullaby she sang when I was little. But I can't hear the words, because the sound of someone winding me up is awfully loud in my ears. I struggle to hear the lullaby but only the cranking of my key reaches my ears. Madeleine's gentle voice vanishes completely to be replaced by the sound of gears fighting to move properly. Something inside my chest snaps painfully as if a clogged mechanism has just forced itself clear. I jolt in response unable to fight the reaction. New voices pound in my head. One is a soft nightingale and the other a masculine French accent mumbling in it's native tongue. I can feel someone shoving my cuckoo back into it's hole and the pressure is unbearable. I almost slip into darkness for good. When the door is closed the pain ebbs enough for me to open my eyes. Acacia is crying in front of me. The image is watery and unfocused but I can see the tears running down her face. I wonder what her tears taste like. I've tasted Madeleine's and they were bitter but calming. I can hear Georges calling up to the house for help. He doesn't see me lean forward slowly, there's so much pain in my chest I can barely move. I kiss Acacia's cheek collecting a few of her tears on my lips I taste them experimentally. The flavor is that of a sweet fruit that has seen joy but turned sour in losing that joy. I rather like them. Acacia opens her watery eyes and fixes her glasses to look at me properly. I smile at her like the idiot I am. \"I'm alive,\" I murmur astonished, it's about all I can say as she stares at me trying to make sure I'm not a ghost or an hallucination. She squeals something incoherent then jumps into me. Her soft chest crushes against my clock making the pain worse. But her arms are warm and she's crying into my shoulder. \"Your heart stopped and I thought you were dead.\" She murmurs against my neck. Her lips feel good on my skin. \"I was nearly there.\" I reply soothingly. I wonder if I imagined hearing Madeleine. \"It was Mr. Melies. When you threw away your key it landed at his feet. He hurried up and wound your heart just seconds after it stopped.\" Georges is looking at me in surprise. \"Welcome back dear boy!\" He exclaims. Acacia lets go of me as I cough. My clock heart aches like never before. I wince and the two manage to help me back up the hill to the house. The door is open Anna coming out to greet us. She ushers us inside and everybody lifts me onto the table where Madeleine used to fix me up. Now it's Georges who is worrying about my substitute heart. \"I'll need extra parts.\" He says looking at Anna and Luna. The two point to the wall of clocks. Everyone is watching my French friend wondering if he can possibly work miracles like good old Madeleine. Thinking about her makes my clock hurt. I feel guilty about her death and regret not getting to properly say goodbye. Or to tell her that I did love her. I hope that wherever she is she knows that. He fetches a handful of them down and begins dismantling them with expert speed. I watch both in awe and a little horrified. Maybe I feel a kinship to clocks because my heart is one. My heart falters reminding me how badly damaged it is. And its all my fault. I really am a fool for trying to remove the clock Madeleine used to replace my frozen heart. In his haste Georges causes gears and springs to fly into the air. A large cuckoo pops out just missing his face as it chirps in his ear. He's a madman sometimes when he's working on something. Especially if it's for someone else. Luna adds wood to the fire and I finally feel how warm it is inside. In fact it's overly warm in the house because they're trying to thaw me out. Once again someone else is working hard to take care of me. Acacia holds my hand her tears all dried up. She's still worried about me but I can tell she's going to give me an ear full when I'm all healed up. There's thorn vines around her and she looks so conflicted. I smile at her which ends up being more of a wince. \"I'm sorry Miss Acacia.\" I whisper. \"You should be.\" She says gently. \"Don't ever do that to me again.\" She orders sternly. I nod. Georges turns from the dissected clocks to me and takes the dial off. He begins by pulling out a number of cracked or ground down gears and cogs. I can feel him testing each gear and spring and remove the ones that are no longer good. As he reaches in deeper he pulls some out that glisten with blood. It's a sickening sight, having your insides being pulled out right before your eyes. I wonder how many gears I've lost. And how much work it will take to get my heart back to working order. I can't say I understand my clockwork heart. But I know that there is a lot more to it than a simple clock. Madeleine used the clock as the working mechanism but her handiwork goes deeper to implementing some sort of replacement to ensure my blood still pumps properly. People used to call her insane, but she was really brilliant. \"What kind of tubes are these?\" Georges asks. \"One's cracked and leaking blood into the clock.\" It's Arthur who pulls out a jar of tiny copper tubes that has the answer. He hands it to the French inventor who flies into action. He works quickly and the pain this produces sends me into unconsciousness. I'm glad not to see the rest of the work. I always liked watching Madeleine work, but I don't want to see the devastation I've wrought upon myself. I wonder if Acacia watched or if she turned away when it got too bloody for her to take. I dream of Madeleine gently tuning up my heart. She rarely causes pain when she touches it. I can feel her pressing down on gears and springs to make sure they work properly. Her delicate fingers slide through the wooden frame and deeper in feeling for any kind of fissure in the little copper tubes that work to pump my blood. Madeleine finds no problems and closes my dial. She locks it in place and sets the key down on the table next to her work station. \"Jack, you need to be more careful.\" She says in her mothering voice. \"I didn't design this for you so you could kill yourself by being reckless. I did it because I loved you the minute I saw you.\" She smiles at me and then fades into darkness. I want to say something to her but as usual my voice hitches in the back of my throat and the dream is gone. I feel pain in my chest again and open my eyes slowly to see Georges hovering over me. He's locking my dial in place with a smile. \"There!\" He announces in relief. \"Our little Jack is all fixed up.\" Acacia kisses him on the cheek in gratitude and he smiles his moustache smiling with him. Arthur, Anna, and Luna clap for him. \"Truly a magician.\" Anna says happily. \"Thank you.\" I say as I sit up just a bit. The pain is no longer unbearable, just an ache which means I'm healing up. I dare not admit how relieved I am to be alive. I almost killed myself and though I would have been satisfied to die in Acacia's arms, but I feel better about not putting her through that. \"I was merely looking out for a friend.\" He says bowing his head. I listen to the sound of my clock. The familiar sound of the mechanism working properly relaxes me. I hear the seconds tick by and then listen as the minute hand clicks over. It all feels normal and I'm grateful for that. How stupid I was to try and destroy it. \"I am so sorry that I put you all through that.\" I say. \"I was being selfish. And I promise I won't do it again. Can you forgive me?\" Everyone assures me they've quite forgiven me and then they all slip up the stairs so that Acacia and I can talk privately. For a few long moments we just sit in silence. We've been through so much in such a short time that we have to sort through the emotions or else we'll just go back to saying hurtful things. I realize rather belatedly that I have no shirt on and reach for it but I'm not recovered enough to be moving so much. \"Please my shirt?\" I ask and she obliges silently. Her silence scares me. I'd rather have her yelling at me. I fear she won't stay. No longer half naked I look at her and open my mouth but she cuts me off. \"I'm sorry Jack. I didn't want to break your heart, but I didn't want to kill you either.\" She's starting to cry again and I take her hand in mine caressing it. \"When Joe told me you were forbidden to love because of how dangerous it was I couldn't stand the thought of you dying in my arms. I told myself I would never do that to you. Joe pressured me into agreeing to go with him. I never should have agreed.\" She looks at me waiting to see my response. \"It's all forgiven.\" I say through a smile. \"I should have told you everything, about my heart and about Joe. But I was so ashamed of what I did. I was so selfish back then, and now I've gone and ruined everything. Can you forgive me?\" I ask. \"For being such a fool and trying to keep my past from you?\" \"Of course.\" She says smiling. \"But why didn't you tell me about Joe?\" \"I was so ashamed of what I had done I just wanted to forget about it. It really was an accident. He was trying to break my clock and I got angry. It just happened like a bad dream.\" I admit. \"Joe should have never done that. I'm sorry I doubted you Jack.\" I smile at her forgivingly. There's no reason we should be fighting. \"I'm sorry for being a jealous idiot and not realizing you were trying to do what was right.\" I say ashamed of my behavior. \"Joe and I have never been friends, he never did like me and my clock heart just made it worse.\" \"I understand.\" Acacia says and I can tell that we've said enough. I can sense she's still afraid of hurting me because the want to kiss me lights in her eyes but she stays still. \"It's ok.\" I assure leaning forward. My clock feels better than ever. Acacia slowly comes closer and we look into each other's eyes. They meet and we don't hide our love from each other. I grasp her cheek and pull her into a kiss. Our lips meet and I half-expect my heart to grind to a halt once more but instead my tick-tock begins to speed up and the gears just get louder. There's a bit of pain from my heart but it doesn't interrupt my emotions. Our lips turn brave and we really kiss. Her fingers brush my cheek and mine claw into her hair. She's even more delicious than before. My lips are strong against hers and she fights back. I feel light headed but its because I need to breath. We separate enough to suck in air and then keep it up I wonder if her tongue is as good as her lips, it could even be better. But before I get brave enough to push that far, my cuckoo pops out chirping loudly but neither of us lets it stop us. When we hear Anna and Luna laughing to themselves we pull apart and look at the stairs. Everyone is watching us from above grinning. I feel heat in my cheeks rise and my clock begins to slow. Acacia looks so embarrassed. She's so adorable I chuckle at her and she gives me a half-hearted glare. She smiles and we pull away not wanting to make a spectacle of ourselves. I've done that enough in recent weeks. For a while I want nothing more than to relax. I'm back home, even if Madeleine is gone this house is still my home and I can't bear the thought of leaving it just yet. Besides that everyone I care about is all together right now, my makeshift family, my friends, and the woman I love. I can't possibly ask for anything more right now. Luna and Anna are suddenly interested in the kitchen. \"Are you hungry?\" They ask. Before I can answer Acacia does it for me. \"We should all eat.\" She says with a smile. I dare not argue with her. So the two women create a disastrous sounding chaos in a hurry to provide dinner for all of us. They argue a bit over spices or measurements, but they present an appetizing meal in the end. It's a nice stew with bread and it tastes good. I didn't realize how hungry I was until I saw it in front of me. Then again I spent the last few weeks heartbroken and sick. The meal can't be any better as we fill it with conversation of the good memories. Stories about how Madeleine saved us, Georges tale of his film, and Acacia even tells a few stories about life in the Extraordinarium. We spend the evening laughing and sharing stories. There's a lightness that I feel hasn't been in the house since the day I left it. As I sit among food and fun I can almost see Madeleine sitting with us her tight lips twitching into a smile. For the first time in weeks I feel at home and it eases my heart.[Chapter 3] The next morning I awake in my room to the sound of Arthur pounding his musical spine. \"Melies must have fixed him up too.\" I murmur to myself. My heart clicks painfully and I reach for my key. I insert it into the lower hole in my dial and twist it several times. The ticking resumes it's usual rhythm and I get up to start the day. As I get dressed taking care not to hurt my clock of a heart I think about Acacia. She's here in my house staying in one of the patient rooms. Arthur, Anna, and Luna all have their own homes so it's just Georges and the two of us. I can't wait to see her and I hurry down the stairs eager to speak with her. When I reach the landing Arthur greets me with a smile. \"Morning Jack.\" He says in his thick accent. \"Good morning Arhtur.\" I reply walking past him my eyes searching for my beautiful singer. She seems to be still in bed so I take a seat at the already set table. Georges has prepared eggs and biscuits. He sets a full plate in front of me. \"How are you feeling my friend?\" He asks. \"Great.\" I reply before taking a bite. \"Is Acacia still in bed?\" I ask. \"She's been up since dawn. I believe she left just before you came down for breakfast.\" His smile remains but his eyes darken. \"Did she say where she was going?\" I ask suddenly worried. Part of me wants to get paranoid again but I fight it back when my clock's tick-tock misses a couple seconds. \"Only that she was taking a walk to think.\" Georges replies. I know what she's thinking about. It isn't hard to figure out. I stand up and throw on my jacket. Arthur grabs my shoulder and stops me. I plan to yank myself from his grip but he offers me a proper coat. \"Take it.\" He says with a gentle smile. \"Thank you.\" I say slipping my arms into the sleeves. If I could call anyone a father figure. It would be old Arthur. The man has always been here for me to offer words of advice and to give me an egg or to play a cheerful tune on his spine. I think I've always felt comfortable around him because like me he has an oddity about him. Madeleine's medicine was always uncommon. She found unusual ways to treat her patients. It wasn't bad just different. She was a brilliant doctor with all her prostheses and how she made them work. Like my heart Arthur's spine is a household item. A xylophone to be exact. We share a commonality in our prostheses. He opens the door for me his spine making soft tinkling noises. I hurry out into the cold. The sky is blue, yesterday's clouds have cleared away enough for the sun to warm the air up some. The snow crunches under my feet as I make my way down Arthur's Seat. I have no idea where to start looking for Acacia but I focus on making it down the hill first. The city is quiet as I reach its edge. A few people who have jobs to do are trudging down the streets with carts or loads on their backs. There's a subdued sense of calm in the air. No one familiar comes into view as I walk towards the center of the town. I remember my first time coming through these streets and I can see a funny little pair running haphazardly down the streets. It's a mature woman and a little red headed boy. The boy is leading the woman around to see whatever catches his eyes. I can hear her calling to the little boy. \"Slow down Jack!\" Her gentle cry stirs up emotions in me and my clock ticks loudly. I almost turn expecting to see Madeleine hurrying after me but I know she's gone. Suddenly I know where Acacia is at. The square by the fountain where me met. I hurry in the direction of it hoping to find her there. My tick-tock picks up speed as I almost break into a run but I slow down when I almost slip and fall on the ice. As I near the square I can hear the old barrel organ. The mechanical music is merely the echo of a distant memory like the image of Madeleine and my younger self. I find the alley that leads to the square and take it quickly. I feel a little ridiculous in Arthur's oversize coat but at least it blocks the cold. I step out of the shadow of the alley and see her sitting on a bench her back to me. She isn't alone, an older woman sits beside her and the two are talking. I decide to get closer and sneak a few feet nearer stopping when I can hear their voices. I don't get to close to them, Acacia will hear my heart and know I'm there. \"I love him, but his heart isn't strong enough to handle love. When we kissed his heart just about stopped. Thankfully a friend was there to revive him.\" Acacia says using words that the woman can understand. \"Sounds like a hard thing to deal with.\" She begins \"But, what you've told me so far about him suggests that maybe it isn't love itself he has a hard time handling. You said you just about broke his heart that night?\" \"Yes.\" Acacia nods. \"I told him to leave me alone to protect him.\" Just the mention of the words she spoke that night make me shudder as I stand there listening to her talk about me. I wonder just what she's told this stranger and I want to hear her opinion on the subject. \"He was fine while he wooed you? \" \"Unless he was jealous, I noticed it was painful for him when I talked about loving who I thought was someone else.\" \"Perhaps those dreadful emotions are what puts his heart into a fever.\" The woman says after a moment. \"He can love and receive love, but jealousy, rejection, injustice...those emotions are damaging because they not only attack the heart but the soul as well. Your first kiss was while he was recovering from this horrible event, maybe now that he's properly healing it won't be fatal.\" I want to clap my hands and thank the woman for saying these things because a part of me has always felt that maybe if I'm careful I won't die because of love. I remember the pain of seeing her climb into the coach with Joe. It makes my legs feel weak. I remind myself that she cane back for me in the end and my strength returns. The cold air is biting at me but I'm not in danger of freezing. My heart is working as it should the tick-tock is normal and my gears don't make any more noise than they typically do. Acacia mulls over these thoughts and her dark eyes brighten slowly. \"How can I tell if love is fatal or if the negative emotions that can come with it are what weakens him?\" She asks despwrately. \"By giving him the choice to find out. Kiss him again. If he starts to falter maybe you should leave him, or maybe he'll try to work something out. Don't turn your back on him though. It can be far more destructive to crush his heart than to put it into a spin. You decided what was better for you both and it ended up almost being worse than getting some amount of happiness. Never sell love out for comfort, it will make for a life of bitterness.\" \"I think that's a marvelous idea.\" I say closing the gap between the three of us. Both women turn to look at me in surprise. Acacia stares at me in shock and shame. \"You must be this lovely lady's Jack.\" She says smiling warmly at me. I nod smiling back \"Then come and sit here.\" She stands up. \"I hope you two work it out. I think you both deserve happiness.\" \"Thank you.\" Acacia says as the woman walks away from us. She heads for an alley vanishing from our lives. I sit down next to Acacia and look at her wondering if she should start first. \"How did you find me?\" \"I often came here to think about you. It wasn't hard to figure out.\" I answer simply. We have history here, and it brings us back to that day when I was ten years old. \"I was so conflicted, I love you but at the same time I don't want you to die.\" She admits. \"Hearing you didn't want to see me again was far more painful than when we almost kissed.\" I tell her. The tears begin to we'll up in her eyes. \"I felt awful and I hate that I put you through that. I'm afraid to let myself love you. I won't forgive myself if you die.\" She says miserably. \"I wont.\" I promise. She doesn't seem convinced. \"Kiss me and I'll prove it.\" \"If it hurts or you feel like your heart is stopping you tell me.\" Acacia is so wary of her own feelings for me now that it hurts to hear the demanding edge in her voice. \"It always hurts.\" I admit. \"But I promise to let you know if I think I'm dying.\" I say gently. She nods and allows me to lean in closer. She does so too. Neither of us holds back this time. Our lips attack each other with passion I've only ever dreamed of. My clock aches at the sudden rise of physical and emotional desire. My tick-tock becomes ticktock and then a hum. I feel my gears spinning faster and faster. Heat rises with my blood pressure. Acacia and I hold onto each other tightly. Hands groping as amateurs in love. She places her hand on the back of my neck tightly. I find the small of her back and anchor my hand there. My other hand caresses her face and neck without fear. Now that my clock is no longer damaged to begin with I don't feel the gears grind to a halt. In fact they've only sped up some. The heat isn't intense so I don't worry too much. Acacia suddenly stops her passionate attack. I realize that she needs to breath and so do I come to think of it. My lungs are actually giving me more pain than my hearts so when we reluctantly pull away to take deep breaths of air I cough a little. \"Are you feeling alright?\" She asks me when she's got her breath back. It doesn't take her long to recover, being a singer her lungs are trained for this sort of thing. \"Never better, \" I say with a smile. \"Just out of breath.\" \"What about your clock?\" She asks. I open Arthur's coat and we look to the cuckoo clock sticking out of my chest. To my relief the clock isn't smoking just moving fast and the hands are already slowing down. The hum is back to a quick ticktock that's slowly returning to a rhythmic tick-tock. We share a smile. Acacia shivers in her coat and I take mine off and offer it to her. She shakes her head through a shiver and I place it over her shoulders. \"I'm fine.\" I assure offering her my hand. \"We should get back to the house.\" I suggest. She nods buttoning the coat up around her. \"I forget how cold the winter is here.\" She says in a whisper. She slips her hand into mine as we start to walk away from the fountain. I pause and turn to look at it for a brief moment. Another vision fills my eyes, this one of two children singing together by a barrel organ. They haven't an idea what love is, but they're serenading each other with words that would make adults blush. The boy struggles to keep his heart cool while she sings about stars and glasses. I can't ignore the memories. Acacia looks at me questiongly. \"I remember a pair of crazy kids who sang here once.\" I say resuming our walk back to Arthur's Seat. Acacia smiles her cheeks a little pink. \"I remember something about confetti.\" She says giggling. I feel the heat rise in my cheeks as I look away. I cough a little, I don't want to think about the words I so foolishly sang as a child. \"That was a long time ago.\" I say dodging the subject. We walk back out of the city and up the hill. The snow is cold but not freezing. Silently we make the climb and enter the house. Georges ushers us to the table where her food is already waiting. Knowing him he probably watched out the window until he saw us coking up and the heated up the food waiting for us. We eat slowly, Georges is a decent cook. It isn't Madeleine's cooking, but it tastes good. I eat as much as I can. As we're about finished Anna and Luna enter the house. \"We just came by to deliver this.\" Anna offers me a sealed envelope. There's a familiar circle of Grey wax with a stylized M pressed into it. On the opposite side in Madeleine' s beautiful script is my name. \"The constables found it in her desk, they gave it to us after she passed.\" Luna says. I stare at the envelope for moment wondering what it could be. The idea that it's her final words to me makes my gears slow a little. Acacia puts her hand on my shoulder. Her touch comforts me as I steel my nerves to open her final words to me. I carefully pull the seal from the thick paper not wanting to ruin it. There's several sheets of paper inside with lines of delicate flowing script written in indigo ink. I run my fingers over the written words and smile slightly. \"I'll give you a few minutes.\" Acacia says. I nod and she turns and heads up the stairs. Anna and Luna have vanished. Melies is nowhere to be found. I take a deep breath and begin to read.[Chapter 4] Dearest Jack, If you're reading this than I'm no longer among the living. I hope you aren't mourning over me too hard. There are so many things I have never told you, but here in these pages I have compiled a few facts and thoughts I think you should know. I hope this finds you in good health and maybe it will ease your pain at losing me. I'm writing this now because as you know I'm getting older and as a doctor I can feel that my body isn't as strong as it used to be. I pray that thirteen years is not all we'll have together, but if it is, I'm glad to have shared these last years with you. I hope you have no ill feelings towards me. I've never regretted saving your life with that cuckoo clock but I know it's been hard on you. Please understand I was in a hurry and the clock was the only thing I could think of that would work to replace your frozen heart. You have to know how proud of myself I was. You survived the transplant with no unexpected side effects. Be proud of your heart, though it is wood and metal it performs no minor miracle. You have a clock for a heart, unusual yes, but also so very unique. When it comes to the three rules please don't break them. I didn't give them to you to hamper your life, but to protect you. My work doesn't come without a price, one I wish you didn't have to pay. Please know that I have always hoped I was wrong about love and your heart. I want nothing more than to see you filled with the extraordinary emotion of loving someone and being loved back. Maybe someday you'll prove me wrong, won't that be something? Beware the side effects of Love most of all. You will find injustice and jealousy to be devastating on your clock. I know because I have felt these emotions myself. If by some chance you could love and be loved without any of the negative emotions maybe it wouldn't be fatal to you. Please take good care of yourself and your heart. It won't heal on its own with time so be wise with it. I want you to know that you've made me the happiest woman because I was your mother. I've always seen you as my son and I hope you think of me as your mother. Thank you for giving me the one thing in the world I never got. I know I was busy with my patients most of the time, but so many people needed help and normal doctors wouldn't have been willing to take some of the patients I did. I always did love you. You were more important to me than any recognition or praise for my work. Had things been different I would have spent more time with you. I hope you cherish those many sleepless nights I sang to you as much as I do. I would never trade a single moment I have spent with you. If not for you I would die with a bitterness in my heart even death can't erase. But having raised you and watched over you as if you were my own has made me very happy and I will go to my grave satisfied with my life. Never forget that I love you very much. Please let anyone who comes seeking medical treatment know that Dr. Madeleine is no longer practicing. Jack, you should know that you were not the only young man I loved, years before you were born I fell in love with a handsome young doctor. He taught me certain things about medicine no one else would. I was a Midwife who wanted to know more about general medicine and helping people other than pregnant women. He saw no harm in showing me skills for taking care of simple surgeries and how certain parts of the human body work. I worked under him for over a year before I realized my feelings. He seemed to reciprocate and I confessed I was a barren woman. At first he seemed not to care so I foolishly let my heart grow to love him completely. A patient of his soon became my rival. We battled with each other until she won by telling him that she could birth his children. Wanting a family he chose her over me. It was a painful blow to my heart. One that I never really got over. It was this facet of love I feared most of all for you. Heartbreak is the worst torment known to the human heart. Whether it flesh or gears. I hope only to save you from that pain. You have grown into a fine young I hope you find success in life somewhere. I know you will find something you love to do. Keep a clear head and find an occupation you enjoy. Don't let anyone make you feel insignificant or useless. People like your classmates aren't happy in life and find solace in tearing down those who are happy. They will use what they can to make you miserable. They won't vanish either. You'll meet then everywhere you go. I wish I could be there to see you find success and joy, but I doubt I will and so I hope you make me proud. I have a lot of faith in you Jack. I have seen how eager and how persevering you are and I know it will get you far. Please don't let any sorrow hold you back in life. Regret is a terrible thing and it will eat away at you slowly. Keep me in your memory and always try your hardest. Before I end these final words to you there are a few more things you should know. The house is yours. Attached to the end of this is my Will. The house you grew up in belonged to my father who bequeathed it to me when he died. He feared my inability to bear children would hinder my chances of marriage. He was right and this old house was a blessing. As I have raised you as my son and given you my last name I do as my father did before me and I leave you the house in its entirety. All of the furniture and me old belongings are yours now. Take good care of the house for me. I don't expect you to keep it the same but please don't disrespect it. My home was always your home so please feel free to keep it. If you choose to sell it and move somewhere else than do so. I wouldn't hold it against you. The world is waiting for you and a house certainly can't hold you back if a cuckoo clock couldn't. With the house comes an inheritance. Whatever money I have saved up is yours. You'll find a trunk in the attic with my savings and some other valuable belongings. There is old jewelry up there I don't expect you'll ever use. But again do as you will with it. You will also come across a series of letters I wrote when I was younger, they contain the details of my brief romance and the schooling in medicine I recieved. If you wish to know those stories about me feel free to read them. Jack, I believe I have come to the end of this goodbye. I don't have anything more to say besides to repeat myself in saying that I love you very much and wish for only the best in your future. I do wish I could say these things to you in person but I suspect we won't be together during my last moments. Be good and take care of yourself, clock included. Don't worry about my old patients, they'll find a way to take care of themselves. It pains me to say goodbye to you Jack. It isn't fair to put you through this kind of pain but I hope what I leave behind eases it. I know no belongings can substitute for me. Oh Jack I wish I could hug you tight right now and tell you that I won't ever leave you, but life doesn't work that way so I say goodbye until we meet again. I know you love me and I die with no regrets. I have been mother to a wonderful boy, loved one man with all my heart, and helped a great many people as a doctor. I see no holes in my life and I want you to think about me with a smile. Don't miss me too hard. Remember I love you and keep your dreams tightly. Love, Madeleine Ross Here is the key to the trunk in the attic. I wipe a tear from my eye and peel the key from the letter and pocket it. Besides doing this my brain and heart have both lost any logic or reasoning. Madeleine had left me an amazing goodbye and I am filled with more sorrow and gratitude for the woman that raised me than I ever have. I realize I really really miss her. I look at the letters knowing that they won't ever leave my possession. I'm stunned that she left me her house and money, I know I was the chance to be a mother she never got, but I never thought she would leave me everything she owned. Honestly I don't know what to do with some of it and the idea of selling anything makes my stomach knot up. How could I be so rude to the memory of Madeleine? Acacia places a hand on my shoulder gently and I give her a weak smile. \"She left me everything.\" I tell her quietly. \"You're very fortunate.\" She says smiling at me. \"Are you ok?\" She asks concerned about me. \"Just in shock. She left me this house and she told me things she never said aloud.\" I look at the letter in my hand and sigh. \"I'm not supposed to feel guilty about her death, but she once told me if she ever lost me she would lose her will to live. I think when I left she feared she would never see me again and I don't think she could handle the idea.\" I look down feeling miserable again. \"Everyone passes.\" Acacia reminds me. \"If not then perhaps shortly after. I think you should forgive yourself because it wasn't your fault.\" \"Thank you.\" I say once again reminded of why I love this beautiful young woman in front of me. \"So I guess I have everything I'll need except someone to share a life with.\" I say changing the comversation. Acacia blushes a little surprised by my words. \"Jack, thank you for the offer, but we're still young.\" \"And that would hinder us how? \" I cut her off with a polite question. \"I still want to sing. I'm not ready to settle down and marry.\" She explains in a kind voice. \"I can understand that.\" I say. \"How much time do you need?\" I think about making a joke about my clock but she shakes her head. \"What if we're different in a few years?\" She asks. \"And is it even possible to get married when it could damage your heart?\" She really is full of worries and insecurities. \"I think I can survive. And that's why we'll wait to see if we do change.\" I answer her questions confidently. I don't want to argue with her and she brings up good points. What if we don't want to spend the rest of our lives together? She nods in gratitude for my understanding. I can't stand the idea of us not being in love some day but i don't want to push her. The rest of the day is quiet and peaceful until Melies announces he is leaving. We're at the table eating dinner just the three of us. \"I wish to return to my love and continue making movies. My workshop in Paris is waiting for me.\" He explains when we look at him. \"When will you leave?\" I ask. He is after all my only real friend. I'm sad to know he'll be leaving us but I also understand. He too has dreams and plans. He helped me fulfill mine, I won't stand in the way of his. \"Tomorrow morning.\" Georges answers. \"First I want to give your heart one more inspection and then I must say farewell. In the future perhaps we will meet again.\" He turns to Acacia. \"Miss Acacia I will leave with you a series of sketches and instructions on caring for Jack's heart He will need someone to repair it if he loses control of it again.\" Acacia nods a little frightened of such a hefty task. \"I want to thank you for everything Melies. Without you I don't know where I would be right now.\" I say smiling. I don't know if I'll see him again but I hope that I will. Dinner ends quietly as the bittersweet flavor of impending goodbyes settles on us. Acacia and I stay up after the inventor turns in for the night. He wishes to get a good sleep before the long journey ahead of him. In the main room which is half parlor and half hospital we sit on two chairs and talk about what we are going to do next. \"Tomorrow I will go into town and see about getting a job singing somewhere. I'm sure I can find it easy enough.\" She says smiling. There's nothing she loves more than singing and I certainly won't deny her that joy. \"I think that's a good idea.\" I say. \"I also have plans to earn my keep.\" She looks at me intently wondering what I could possibly do. I don't really have a skill like she does, nor do I have any proper training in any occupation. \"I could probably find someone willing to teach me how to do certain things, but I think I want to write. I have so many emotions to write about. Perhaps I will get piblished.\" I tell her. Honestly it's not the greatest idea but I have no skills, I'm sort of weak (my clock heart isn't strong and I believe it stunted my growth just a bit), and I have an inheritance to fall back on. She nods and smiles. \"Sounds good and safe.\" She's still worrying about me. I wish there is a way to prove I am stronger than I look emotionally and physically, but she thinks of all the danger I could put myself in. \"If you are quite ready I think we should join Melies in getting some sleep.\" I don't add that I am still tired and recovering. She agrees without hesitation and we climb the stairs to our rooms. In the hall she kisses me goodnight before vanishing behind her door. ","Summary":" Author's note: This fanfic is based on the French Film Jack and the Cuckoo Clock Heart . I hope you"},{"Movie":"Tower of Terror","Title":"Tower of Terror: The Introduction","Author":"llamaBoyPH","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5555362","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tower of Terror: The Introduction DISCLAIMER: I don't own the rights to ToT, the characters, or any other stories or films mentioned in this fanfic, nor do I intend to infringe on any copyright laws. Tower of Terror copyright 1994-2009 Walt Disney Enterprises. Los Angeles - 1939 It was a splendid year for Hollywood, with some of the finest actors in the showbiz industry are making it big time at the box office. And one of them, as you all know, is Sally Gregory, popularly known as Sally Shine, who's films have touched the hearts of millions of moviegoers here and around the world. Interglobal Film Studios, Hollywood The camera made a rattling sound as it burns a reel of Sally on celluoid. Everything went smoothly at the set, with the girl and her costars doing a musical performance. \"Happy endings, the best of wonderful times, Always ending, just like in nursery rhymes...\" [1] Sally and the others sang cheerfully, while her mother and her nanny Emmaline Partridge cheered at the girl. \"Isn't she gorgeous in her costume?\" Mrs. Gregory commented. \"She sure is, Madam, she sure is,\" Emma smiled, finishing off a bottle of Sprunk.[2] Sally's mother then suddenly asked, \"By the way, how's Abigail?\" \"At home, as usual, back from school doing her homework, I think,\" replied Emma, \"She had a temper fit with her sister lately over her jump rope, but it seems like things have gone back to normal,\" \"It's a good thing Abby cooled down over her sister,\" Mrs. Gregory sighed, \"They've been like cats and dogs for, I don't even know,\" \"That's just normal, Mrs. Gregory,\" said Emma, \"I've seen cases of kids fighting or arguing for something like a toy, or in Sally's case, her career,\" \"Yeah, since being a nanny's a piece of cake to you,\" \"Piece of cake, Madam, piece of cake,\" Emma nodded. \"CUT!\" the director exclaimed, \"That's a wrap, baby, any more and this will hit the cinema again,\" Cameras stopped rolling as the actors leave the stage for a break. Sally then skipped her way towards her mother. \"So are we ready for the party?\" \"Woah, slow down, Sally,\" Emma interrupted, \"We're still a week away from the party,\" \"Nah, she's just excited,\" Sally's mother replied, \"After all, it's also Abigail's birthday,\" \"Oh, yeah, I forgot,\" \"And it's a surprise blowout, too,\" Sally continued, \"You promise that we keep this as a secret?\" \"Promise,\" Emma and Mrs. Gregory nodded. The three laughed as they share some jokes and stuff about the party. [1] Lines taken from the song \"Happy Endings\", which was sung in the opening sequence of Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm. [2] Sprunk - a brand of soda in the Grand Theft Auto universe, similar to Sprite ","Summary":" Tower of Terror: The Introduction DISCLAIMER: I don't own the rights to ToT, the characters, or any"},{"Movie":"Tower of Terror","Title":"The way to happiness Parte 1","Author":"UmFanDirectioner","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8702300","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Escrevendo... ","Summary":" Escrevendo..."},{"Movie":"Tower of Terror","Title":"Tokio hotel georg listing","Author":"Bill Kaulitz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4149715","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Georg Gustavnwalked up to bill smiling while twisting his sticks around hisnfinger. Bill smiles up Gustav with his supernova smile and tilts hisnhead questioning. \"What'snwrong bill\" Gustav asked.. The young singer never really smilednat him before. Billnblushed and whispered \"Nothing...I'm just happy\" \"Ohhhnbill Kaulitz happy... im amazed\" he joked Billnblinked in surprise at the drummer. He had not expected such a replynfrom him. Looking at the ground he bit his lip not knowing how tonrespond. Gustav tilted his head. He didn't quite understand billsnsilence. Bill always talked ALWAYS it was like number 1 rule in Billsnbook. Gustavnwalked to bill \"Bill...anyone home in that hair head of yours\" Billnblushed harder with how close Gustav was near him and he stuttered.n\"Y-yes...\" \"Ahnso you do speak\" he laughed \"what's wrong bill you'renawfully silent\" \"I...i...uhm...just..Wondering...\"Billnsmiled softly still looking down. He was happy to hear Gustav laugh.nIn his opinion he didn't laugh near enough. Gustavnsmiled \"yes bill what is it?\" he asked caring and smiling. \"Uhm...i...uh...inlove this person...and uh...\" Bill bit his lip and looked awaynfrom Gustav's kind eyes. God, how was he going to explain this one. \"Andnyou want to know how to ask her out right?\" Gustav asked. \"Uhm...notnreally...\" Great now he would have to tell him he's not intongirls. This was not going to go well he just knew it wasn't. \"Youndon't... want to ask her out? I don't get it\" he askednpuzzled... And he thought he was the smart on. Billnmumbled some words and looked down. \"What\"nGustav asked not quite hearing him. \"shesnotashe\"nBill's cheeks flamed red in embarrassment \"Okay...nSo you need help asking him out?\" he asked again as if hensecretly already knew bill was gay… or bi. Billnlooked up surprised. Gustav wasn't shocked or creeped out with him. Gustavnwaited for the answer as he stood there smiling at bills shocked facen\"What.. I secretly guessed you were gay... or bi\" \"I...injust thought that you would be disgusted.\" Bill looked wide eyednat him. \"Am i that obvious?\" \"Whynwould I be disgusted in you bill\" Gusti looked at him \"andnno your not that obvious... im just intelligent\" he laughed. Billnhad to smile at Gustav's answer. \"Cuz I always thought youndidn't like gays.\" \"HaynI never said I didn't... did I?\" he smiled at bill \"whonever the lucky guy is... should be happy and you should follow yournheart and tell him\" Bitingnhis lip Bill looked up and whispered. \"But i don't know how to tellnhim.\" \"Justnlet it come from the heart bill...\" Gustav looked at billnsmiling. \"Andnif he still rejects me? I don't think I can take that.\" Bill spoke \"bill...nwho would dream to reject you... you could turn any straight guy gay\" Billngiggled at that. \"Even you?\" Immediately after saying thatnhe clasped his hand in front of his mouth in shock. \"I...i...indidn't mean to say that...\" \"Younwouldn't have to turn me gay bill\" he looked at him sweetlynhoping bill could piece it together himself Billnblinked naive. Was that a hint or did he miss understand. Gustavnsighed and took a deep breath. \"Bill... Im gay... that'snwhy... I don't have anything against gays\" Billncould only say one thing. \"Oh...\" \"Youndon't hate me... do you?\" he asked looking at bill with sadneyes. 'Wait...ifnGustav's gay...and he's gay...and he has a crush on Gustav...who wasngay so he would understand if he had a crush...so this means thatnperhaps...he had a chance' Bill's thought were going on a rampage asnhe kept looking at Gustav. \"I...you...we...you...I...ndon't hate you\" he stuttered his mind still filled with hisnthoughts \"Goodnbecause I couldn't live with it... if you hated me bill\"nGustav spoke \"incould never hate you\" Gustavnsmiled \"Well im glad we have that sorted... now...who is he...nAnyone I know... Ohhh is he cute\" he smiled brightly \"Uh...younknow him...and he's not cute...\" Bill blushed. \"He'snnot cute... okay... am so is it Georg\" he asked Billnshook his head softly from one side to the other. Tom...nDavid...me...Saki...Pete...Andreas\" Billnblinked at the name of his brother, david, pete and saki... \"ivenran out of names\" he laughed \"uhm...younalready mentioned him.\" Bill spoke \"Andreas\"nhe asked thinking back tot he idea he didn't pull a face when hensaid that name \"andi'snmy best friend...i could never love him like that. I mean..i love himnlike a brother.\" \"sonthat means... its not tom either... OMG is it daivd\" he askednshocked Billnpulled a face.\"No...that would be like going with your dad\" \"s.ss.saki\"nhe asked knowing he was the only person left other than him. \"Eeewwww...you..inno god...ewwww...\" Bill wasn't aware that Saki was the last onenand his reaction was out of his mouth before he realised it. Butnstill, he thought, Saki that's just plain weird. \"m...me?\"ngustav looked up at bill Billnfroze like a deer caught in the headlights. His wide brown eyesnlooked at Gustav. 'Shit...'nwas the only thing he was thinking. 'Now what do I say\" \"it...isnme... isnt it\" he asked blushing deeply Bill'snmouth opened and closed looking for the world like a fish on the dry.n\"y-yes.\" And with that said he wished he was dead...or farnaway from here...either way somewhere Gustav wasn't. Bill ducked hisnhead down. gustavntilted bills head back up and pressed his lips on bills Blinkingnin suprise at Gustav's reaction he at first didn't react but slowlynhe relaxed and fell into the kiss and Gustav's chest. He tilted hisnhead and kissed back softly. Gustav smiled as bill kissed him back.nThis had been his dream, to get to kiss Bill like this, just to holdnhim in his arms and call him his Bill purred into the kiss andnhesitatingly he wrapped his arms around Gustav's neck. He was sonhappy. Gustav wrapped his arms around bills perfect waist as henpulled bill closer kissing him much more passionate, running hisntongue along the singers bottom lip begging to be let in. Gaspingnsoftly at the sensation of Gustav so close to him he opened his mouthnwith a happy sigh. Bill tried to move his body as close as he couldnto Gustav's and his fingers played with the blond hair unconciousely.nGusti smiled and slid his tounge into the young boys mouth smiling asnhe felt bills tongue bar and shivered at the coldness. Bill moaned atnthe feeling of Gustav's tongue touching his. Gustavnbroke for air.. \"w..ow\" Billnpanted and gasped for air. His eyes had a slightly gazed look and trynas he might he couldn't say a word. Gustav looked deep into billsneyes as he breathed heavily. Blinking owlishly Bill looked at Gustav.nGustav smiled looking at bill lovingly… did this mean they werentogether? Bill finally managed to gather his thoughts and mindntogether. Oh how he hoped that this meant they were together. Hensmiled a soft smile at Gustav and nuzzled his neck like a kitten.nWhatever happened he was glad that he at least had this kiss. \"Im in love with you bill\" Gustav spokenlooking at his friend \"And I would like it very much if younwould be my Boyfriend?\" Bill blushed at those words and looked atnhim. \"I..i'd ..love to be your boyfriend.\" Georgnwalked around with tom \"Ohhh, I want an ice-cream\" Tomnrolled his eyes. \"How old are you? Six?\" \"Sixnand A HALF\" he laughed \"Samenthing...\" Tom shoved his friend. Georgnshoved back \"Boohoo\" \"Finenthen I guess we won't be getting an ice-cream\" \"NEINnICECREAM OR I'LL TELL BILL YOU WERE MEAN TO ME\" Georg poutedncutely. Tomnheld his hands up in surrender. \"Okay okay we'll go get thenfucking ice-cream.\" He'd rather have Georg having his ice-creamnthen his little brother angry on him. Georgnsmiled \"YAY\" he jumped up and down... no idea why he wasnhyper though. Withnwide eyes Tom looked at his friend and thought. \"MeinnGott...Bill rubbed his hyper attitude of on him...\" and then hisnnext thought.\" Oh no, the world can't handle two persons likenthat...we're doomed.\" Georgnstopped looking at the cuteness in front off him. He walked nervouslynto the ice cream parler looking down all the way. Tom didn't noticenGeorg looking at him and just followed him to the ice creamparlornwaiting some what impatiently for him to make a decision. \"Hmmnwhat do you want Tomi\" he spoke then shoved his hand over hisnmouth, he'd never get out of this alive now he called him Tomi,nonly bill was allowed to do that. Tomnblinked. \"Did Georg just call him...Tomi?\" henthought...no...He must've misheard cuz everyone knew only Bill got toncall him that and decided to answer the question.\" Chocolate chipnice cream...if they have it.\" Georgnordered 2 chocolate chip ice creams and dug around in his pocket fornhis wallet while they were making it for him Tom blinked...oncenagain. Normally Georg took something else then chocolate chipnflavour. He shrugged; perhaps he was in the mood for something elsentoday. Georg got his wallet and paid for the two ice-creams andnpassed one to tom. As there hands touched Georg looked away fast Tom'sncheeks flushed slightly as his fingers touched Georg's. Curling hisnfingers around the cone he looked down in embarrassment. \"Gott...I'mnacting like a girl who has a ...crush...\" Tom's eyes widened.nA...a...c-crush... \"C...omenon\" Georg stuttered looking for and excuse Tomndecided that his mind was just playing tricks with him. Him crushingnon Georg...that would be like Bill finally getting the guts to tellnGustav how he felt. And he knew that was never going to happen so hentried to sound casual. \"So, what exactly are we going to donnow?\" \"Indon't know\" Georg spoke sucking on his ice-cream as he tried tondistract himself from tom \"Oh...menneither.\" Tom licked at his ice cream. \"You got any ideas?\" \"n.n.no\"nGeorg new he was bi-sexual, but loving his band mate was driving himninsane. \"Hmm...Okay then.\" Tom continued licking hisnice cream with small licks and he nearly moaned with the taste of it. Georgesnmind was racing 'fuck tom stop being so erotic with your ice-cream'nGeorg thought as he felt himself getting harder. \"So...let'sngo to the park...there's nothing else to do.\" Unknowing of whatnGeorg was thinking Tom continued to lick his ice cream. Damn thisnmust've been one of the best ever!! With a content face he continuednto lick and unconsciously he gave a small almost unbearable moan. \"Yes,nLets go\" Georg moaned quietly as he stuck his ice cream into hisnmouth the silence it. He then looked at tom and started moving hisntongue around the ice-cream sexily as if trying to taunt Tom. Tomnglanced in shock at Georg. Was he...no...?Yes...oh god...Henwas...Georg is flirting with him. Tom felt so strange and here he hadnbeen certain that he was straight. His cheeks flushed. \"God whatnis wrong with me! I'm acting like Bill when you say the G-word.\" Georgnnibbled on the cone cutely as he smiled innocently 'crap, im actingnlike Gusti... No... I can't be... no' his mind was racing. Tomnnoticed that they finally had arrived at the park and he quickly satndown on a bench. Deciding to test his theory whether or not Georg wasnflirting with him he swirled his tongue around the small bit of icencream that was left looking for the world as if the cone wasnsomething entirely different. Georg sat down, his eyes widened 'Inwish he would stop that' he thought closing his eyes as if to blocknit out Tomnhad seen Georg eyes widen and closing. He grinned \"Sometimesnthey forget that Bill and I are twins...what Bill can do I can...\"nAnd now he moaned loudly and clearly with the intention of lettingnGeorg snap. Georgnturned to tom his eyes open. \"Are you trying to seduce me\"nhe spoke in his claim sexy voice Tomnshivered. He knew from watching the girls who Georg had won over thatnhis voice was ...sexy but now that he used it to him he knew that itnmust've been the most incredible voice ever.n\"w-who...m-me?...n...n-never...\" He stuttered. Really thatnvoice gave him the Goosebumps. \"Yesnwho... how many other people do you see here, whose acting eroticnwith a bloody ice-cream\" he asked using the same voice, he nevernknew anyone who could survive his sexy voice. \"Uhm...\"ncrap...he had no way out of this one.\"hehe...I have no idea whatnyou mean.\" That voice was going to be the end of Tom if hendidn't do anything soon so Tom shifted to sit a bit farther away fromnGeorg. \"Whynare you moving from me tom?\" he asked more concerned than how hensounded a few seconds ago. \"I...uhm...therenwas a bump in the bench...underneath me...?\" Tom hopednhis...friend would believe that. \"Whatnever tom… if you want me to go I will\" he stood up looking sad.nToday was ment to be their day, his and toms. Tom gasped in surprise and without thinking he grabbednGeorg's hand. \"No...I...i didn't mean it like that. C'mon...staynplease.\" Tom realised that beside his baby brother Georg was thenonly one who could make him act like that. Georg sat on the corner ofnthe bench, far away from Tom as possible Tom bowed his head. Greatnjust great...he ruined it. Georg sighed \"I can't believe I ruined it\" henmuttered not really sure if tom heard him or not. 'I can't be innlove… can I' he asked himself Tomndidn't react on what Georg had muttered. Hell he wasn't even sure ifnhe even heard it right. \"Am i...in love with Georg...I nevernfell in love with another guy before... but...\" Tom sighed. Hendidn't know what to think anymore. Georgnflipped his hair over his shoulder as he got up and walked over tonthe swings, swinging back and forth letting the wind blow his hairnaround perfectly. Tom looked up in confusion. Why did Georg leave thenbench? His eyes followed Georg and watched how he sat down on thenswing and how the wind played with the brown hair. Perhaps he wasnwrong, perhaps Georg did love him and he only flirted for fun. Georg leaned back far enough that when the swing reachednthe bottom, his hair swept against the floor, his eyes closed as henwas deep in thought 'he'd never love someone like me, after all, he'snstraight and im a guy' Tom decided to be his bold self and stood up. Georgnslowed down until it came to a stop, he just sat there looking up atnthe beautiful night sky 'tom' he thought tears building up in hisneyes Tomnwalked over to Georg and promptly sat down on his lap when the swingncame to a stop. Georg whipped his tears and looked at the boy on hisnlap \"t…om\" \"Yes...thatnwould be me.\" Tom spoke looking at Georg \"Whynare you sat on me?\" he asked, not really wanting him to move, butnGeorg was throbbing at the thought of tom and he was sure it wasnshowing \"CuznI felt like it.\" Tom flashed him a playful grin and wondered whynGeorg looked slightly uncomfortable. \"Why? Do you rather have myngoing away?\" Georgnshock his head no. if Tom couldn't feel it, the he wasn't goingnto tell him \"Good...CuznI wasn't going to move away.\" And with that he shifted to sitnbetter. Georgnmoaned as tom hit his hard area. \"tooooooooom\" he moaned outnloudly, then covering his mouth with his hand Tomnfroze when he heard Georg moaning his name and blinked in surprise. Georgnthrew his head back and panted \"Fuck tom... get off my cock\" henblushed deeply Tomnblushed hard but didn't move away instead he turned around and facednGeorg cheeks flaming red. He gave Georg a hard on. \"Tominplease… don't tease me when you wont give me anything\" henlooked into toms eyes like he was about to cry Tomndidn't react to the Tomi part but biting his lip he whispered. \"Whonsaid I wasn't going to give you anything?\" There was no turningnback now. Tom felt like a girl again who was on her first date thatnturned out to be something entirely different. \"Thenngive it me\" Georg spoke in his oh so sexier than earlier voice Tom placed his hand on Georg's chest and leaned forward,ntrembling in anticipation and hoped that he was doing the right thingnconsidering that this was his first encounter with another guy.nPlacing his lips on Georg's he gave him a kiss. That voice was hisnundoing. Georg blushed but relaxed into the kiss. Slowly partingnhis lips he licked tom's bottom lip for entrance. All he needed wasntom… all he wanted was to feel tom on him, all he wanted was thisnmoment to be forever and not a dream Tomngave an unusual whimper at the feeling of Georg touch and parted hisnlips while wrapping his arms around Georg's shoulder. He never knewnthat kissing another guy would feel this good. Georgnstuck his tongue in Toms mouth feeling around, getting use to thencave which was toms mouth, 'know wonder people die when the reachntoms mouth' he thought, then he started wondering what else tomncould do with his wonderful tongue. Tomnmoaned at the sensation and his tongue started to play with Georg's.n\"Two can play a game Geo...\" he thought and he pushed himselfncloser to him. Georg held him closer as toms chest pressedntightly against his own. Georg nibbled on Toms tongue smiling as henran his hands though toms dread that was up in his hat. 'Firstnthink im going to do when I get home…. Get rid of your hat' hensmirked as he thought about tom's madness if he lost his hats Tomnshivered at the feeling of Georg's hands through his dreads unknowingnof what he was thinking. He ran his hands through Georg's hair andndown his back. Georg moaned into toms mouth, feeling toms hands overnhis body was like heaven to him, if he died now, he'd be one happynman Tomnpulled back he needed some air. Breathing heavily he continued to runnhis fingers over Georg's back. Georg looked into toms eyes full ofnlove and compassion filled in his green eyes. Tom's brown eyes lookednback and searched for an answer which he got when he saw the love innGeorg's eyes. Instantly he blushed while he hoped he wasn't. Georgnlooked at tom as if begging him to speak, the silence was killingnhim, did tom really like him or did he just get caught up in hisnemotions \"I...uhm...sorry...\"nTom looked away from Georg thinking that he wasn't too happy. Georgnlooked down, about to cry… \"You didn't mean it? Fuck tom, Indidn't think you were that much of a whore to kiss me, make menhappy, then say you didn't want it\" he pushed tom off him andnheaded towards the gate of the park Tom fell on the ground shocked and without knowing it henstarted to cry. He...he didn't mean it like that. He softly whisperednthrough his silent tears that he wasn't aware of. \"I did meannit.\" But chances were that Georg hadn't heard him. Georg turned to see tom \"I thought you loved me\"nthe moonlight hit the tear that rolled down Georg's face, as henstood there looking at tom. Tomnlooked up at him and noticed that Georg had shed a tear, whisperingnhe said. \"I...I...I do.\" With saying it he confirmed tonhimself that he indeed loved him. \"How can you love me… im me, not a girl, not a toy,nI have feelings\" he walked across to tom. \"And I love you\" henlet more tears fall, landing on the earth next to his feet, innbetween him and tom. \"I don't really know why. All day I'venbeen convincing myself, all this was a joke. That my heart wasnplaying tricks on me. Then I thought you were flirting with me, thenway you teased me with your ice-cream, so I did it back for answers.nThen pulling me back to the bench, and also sit on my lap and kissingnme, I just wish, you could say… 'im only yours'…but I know,nthat those words, will never be true, tom\" \"I...god...don't you think I realise that you're anguy and not a girl. All day I've been wondering about how I feltnand I got so confused with everything you did. I guess I did flirtnwith you but I wanted to know if you loved me...I...I...didn't knownwhat to do when you left, I didn't mean it like that I just didn'tnknow what to say so I just said that excuse of the bump Cuz yournvoice was doing things to me that never happened before. I sat onnyour lap and I kissed you cuz...I...I...I do want to be yours...Inwanted to know if you loved me back. But you didn't say anything so Inthought that I was wrong that you were just, I don't know, playingnthat's why I said sorry...\" Tears streamed down Tom's face.nAlthough voicing his emotions was something he didn't know well hownto do he tried... to express how he felt. Bowing his head Tom waitednon Georg's reply. Georg looked at tom, while tom was expressing how henfelt Georg felt guilty for pushing tom away from him. Georg was innlove… in love with tom, something he didn't want to admit to, butnhe had just heard something so heart warming off tom that made himnmelt inside. Tom wasn't just expressing how he was feeling, he wasnshowing to Georg how much he really cared about him, and this madenGeorg smile. He grabbed tom and pulled him tight against his chest,nrunning his long fingers through toms dreads once again \"Inthought….. I thought you hated me Tomi… I thought, when younapologised you were apologising for kissing me, apologising for…nyou know… making me hard\" he looked down at the ground, hencouldn't believe he just told tom, he made him hard, but since theynwere admitting to stuff, he thought tom had the right to know.n\"I...im madly in love with you. And I want you to be mine… justnus… me and you… I don't care if the press finds out all I wantnis to be in your arms while you cuddle me in my sleep, while we makenout… or do stuff I've never done before\" I know Bill lovesnGusti… and Gusti loves bill…But I know in my heart…. I'venloved you since the day the sun shined on the earth\" he looked atntom tears now streaming down his face... his words became slurred andnhis heart throbbing, hoping he wouldn't be rejected. Tom let himself fall against Georg's chest weary fromnthe emotional drain and closing his eyes he listened to him, blushingnwhen he heard him say that he, Tom, made Georg hard. And when he whennhe heard Georg say those sweet words he nearly melted. Georg lovednhim...he really loved him. \"I...I don't hate you, I never couldneven if I said I was. I was just insecure about how I felt and I didnmean it when I said that I wanted to be yours, I want to wake up nextnto you and go to sleep next to you. I ...I never knew you felt likenthat towards me...\" Tom laid his head on Georg's shoulder. \"Inlove you...I really do...\" \"Then be mine… promise me… I'll be the only onenand I'll give you my heart\" Georg looked at tom. Tom moved his head away to look at Georg. \"Inpromise...I'll be yours and only yours.\" ","Summary":" Georg Gustavnwalked up to bill smiling while twisting his sticks around hisnfinger. Bill smiles up "},{"Movie":"Tower of Terror","Title":"What If?...","Author":"Hank Riddle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/284667","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What If… ","Summary":" What If…"},{"Movie":"Tower of Terror","Title":"Welcome to the Hollywood Tower Hotel","Author":"Athena Waren","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4009178","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue It'snbeen thirty years since the hotel ghosts crossed over. ScarlettnCollins and her boyfriend Cameron Johnson were staying at thenHollywood Tower Hotel. They stepped on to the elevator to go up tontheir room. Two others and a bellhop follow them on. As the elevatornrises, thunder crashes outside. Coincidentally all their rooms are onnthe same floor, the tenth. But as they rise the elevator passes theirnfloor. The bellhop frantically tried to bring it back down a floornbut at eight o'five there was a flash of light and history repeatednit's self. ChapternOne Hollynlooked at the old building. It had been ten years since the secondnaccident at the hotel. She was determined to find out what happened.nShe opened the doors and walked in. Her best friend Kayla followednher in. \"Why do we have to be here? It's creepy! Can we leavennow? We went in, we saw now let's go!\" Kayla said nervously. \"No!nWe didn't even look around yet. You can leave but I'm not. I wantnto see the elevator. The one where the people disappeared! Come on.nIt's not like this place is haunted. I'm sure if it was we wouldnhave seen something by now.\" Holly said in an excited voice. Shencarefully walked by the front desk and crept towards the elevator.nWhen she reached it she softly touched the doors. Holly looked backnat Kayla. She waved her hand at her. Kayla slowly walked towards hernfriend. Kayla gently, but reluctantly touched the elevator doors. \"Isnit still on the eleventh floor?\" Kayla asked. \"Inthink so. When it happened everyone left again. It's been desertednfor like ten years. So if everybody left that night then the elevatornnever came down… Do you wanna go upstairs and try to open thendoors?\" she asked. \"Well,nsure. Why not? I mean, it's like you said. It's not like thisnplace is haunted or anything. Let's go.\" she said. Holly smiled.nShe took Kayla's hand and led her to the stairs. They opened thendoor to the stair well and climbed up to the eleventh floor. Theynrounded the corner and saw the doors. They were open. The girlsnlooked at each other with questioning eyes. Holly looked at the smallnelevator room. It was a gold colour.n She stepped inside and touched the handle that was to move thenelevator. As she went to step out the doors closed. She screeched. \"Kayla!nKayla the doors won't open! Help me! Kayla!\" Holly screamed. \"Holly!nDon't worry! I'll get you out! Just stay….\" Holly hearnKayla's sentence trail. \"Kayla!nKayla! What happened? Are you ok?\" Holly pulled on the doors. Shenpulled as hard as she could when finally the doors opened again.nHolly ran out and saw Kayla on the floor. Her skin was white as snow.nShe looked as if she had seen a ghost. \"Kayla? Kayla! Wake up! Comenon, girl wake up!\" she said. Holly leaned in to check if her heartnwas still beating. She heard the thumping quicken as her friend satnup. \"Kayla! You're alright!\" Holly exclaimed throwing her armsnaround Kayla. \"Holly…I-Insaw her. She was standing right there…\" Kayla said pointing hernfinger at the floor in front of her. \"Who?nWho did you see?\" Holly asked. \"Scarlett.nScarlett Collins.\" Kayla said in a quiet scared voice. Holly'sneyes widened. She couldn't speak. Her best friend had just seen onenof the Hotel's ghosts. And she wasn't lying, because Holly wasnnow staring at Scarlett as well. She felt Kayla go limp in her arms. \"Wha-whatndo you want with me?\" Holly asked. Scarlett smiled and walkedntowards her. \"Cannyou help me? I don't know what happened to me. I was in thenelevator and I woke up out here. All the people were gone and Incouldn't find Cameron. Do you know where he is?\" Scarlett asked. \"Cameron?nYou mean Cameron Johnson? I think he disappeared at the same time youndid… About ten years ago… Are- are you a-alive?\" Hollynstammered. \"Alive?nOh no. I died when the light flashed. I've tried to get to my roomnbut I can't get to the tenth floor. I tried the stairs but I got tonten and then I was up on the eleventh floor. I need to get to thententh floor. Can you help me? Please, I need to get there.\" shenpleaded. \"Ohnmy god. Oh my god! Who is that?\" Holly yelled. Scarlett lookednbehind her. There was a young man standing in the dark of thenhallway. He stepped in to the sunlight to reveal his identity. \"HellonScarlett. How long has it been?\" the man asked. ","Summary":" Prologue It'snbeen thirty years since the hotel ghosts crossed over. ScarlettnCollins and her boyfr"},{"Movie":"Tower of Terror","Title":"All Dressed Up and No Place To Go","Author":"llamaBoyPH","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11605802","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ALL DRESSED UP AND NO PLACE TO GO Legal Disclaimer: The following fanfic is an unofficial work, and as such is not affiliated in any way with Disney, ABC or whichever copyright owner I might reference in this story. As I was doing a bit of a throwback to the Tower of Terror made-for-TV adaptation I watched some time in 2009, I kinda' thought, what if premise of the satirical novel Er Ist Wieder Da was applied to the ride and the film? That is, instead of Hitler waking up in present-day Germany, we see five of the ghosts from TOT waking up, alive, homeless and destitute, at a parking lot, not having an idea on what to do or where they are. Not helping to the situation is that while everyone recognises them as the five individuals zapped into the Twilight Zone, nobody believes them; instead, they think they're either cosplayers, or method actors. Sally's POV I remember what my tutor said about Ben Franklin once in 1938. It was indeed nuts for him to fly a kite with a key tied to the string, but it was done for science's sake. What happened to us was just as nuts, and for a different reason. A big flash of lightning struck the elevator we were at, and everything whited out. I winced in pain given the electricity going through my wee body; by that I would've been fried by then. The next scene was, to say the least, unexpected. My back was sore and aching, and while I honestly care little about the dress Nanny and Mother had me wear for the publicity trip, it was soiled worse than a play outfit, something Mother would lash out at me for it was expensive. Everyone else was wincing just as bad, like as if they got off the wrong side of the bed or are thrown out of an apartment. \"Where... ...am I?\" I cried. My vision was shifty and blurred, couldn't make out anything for a few seconds until I got off the grass I was on. \"Sally, lass?\" Nanny asked, lying on the ground and visibly shaken. \"I'm OK Nanny, well, sort of,\" I rubbed my eyes for a bit, and noticed something peculiar. It was nothing like the 1939 my friends and I knew. I first I thought I was seeing things, probably from the lightning blast the five of us got. But it was real. \"Tangible,\" as what Gilbert put it. He may be a sourpuss, but he certainly is someone whom you can take seriously. \"The cars certainly don't look like the Duesenberg I have,\" remarked Gilbert, who just woke up from the mess. \"Don't tell me you spiked our drinks again, you muppet,\" staring at Dewey, the latter clearly insulted. \"First and foremost, Mr. London, my name is Dewey Todd, Jr.\" Dewey blurted angrily. \"And second, you could've complained at a different desk; I work for luggage, not the kitchen, or the bar for that matter,\" I guess this has to be the beginning of a rather beautiful relationship. *grins sarcastically* We can't just sit ducks here, so with Nanny's approval, the other guests and I decided to venture out of our \"temporary resting place\". We just need to get a grip of what's going on. \"All dressed up and no place to go,\" said Gilbert. \"And not a single idea about what's going on either,\" Carolyn replied. Carolyn, whose stage name was Claire Poulet, was an up-and-coming singer back in the day. She was about to do her singing debut just after her stint at the movies back then. As we strolled by we were noticed by a few kids, who were puzzled at our appearance. It's either the sight of us kind of rang a bell to them, albeit in a different way, or that a ragtag, dishevelled group of people from the 1930s reminded them of what they term as a \"zombie walk\" or something. Gilbert was about to tell them to buzz off; Carolyn intervened, knowing we would attract even more unwanted attention. \"Hey you, are you on a zombie walk or what? You guys look awfully familiar, eh, from a ride or something,\" \"We best not disturb them, dear,\" Carolyn shot back as she coaxed Gilbert to leave the kids alone. I rolled my eyes and sighed, not having a clear idea on what \"ride\" they were referring to. Surely, I left a legacy following my disappearing act some seventy-five years ago. And now my stomach's growling. I know we'd get funny looks from bystanders, but what can I do? No sane person would leave themselves starving to certain death, and yet while I express sympathy to those who had no choice but to eat scraps off garbage bins (yes, the Depression really was that bad, especially as not everyone would be patient enough to be on a soup kitchen queue), I wouldn't want to be that desperate either. \"Guess we have no choice then,\" Dewey sighed. \"Look, I ain't no leader figure here, and I know you'd mock at me for trying to be one, Mr. London, but we have to look after each other and ask people what's going on,\" A hotdog stand-slash-newspaper store stood by a few blocks away from where we are, and given our situation, we went there and decided to ask a few questions. And buy a snack or two, of course. Gilbert did the honors of asking, knowing how \"firm\" and sarcastic he is. \"Uh, excuse us, dear, but do you happen to have an idea what's going on around here?\" he asked. \"Perhaps I should ask you guys the same question,\" the vendor shot back. He was wearing a baggy red jacket and a shirt tucked in, all while smoking a few cigarettes to pass the time; cigs are a lot more common in my time - call me a killjoy but I always view them as rather blech unlike most kids who'd pretend to smoke a cigar all while playing mobsters. \"You're not the cast members from that Tower of Terror ride, are you?\" \"I have no idea what ride are you talking about, lad,\" \"What is this, some viral marketing stunt? That NyQuil must've knocked you out real good, old man,\" I sighed. It sure is hard as nuts when both sides are clueless about each other's situations. For once I agreed with Gilbert, \"this is going to be quite a long day for us,\" \"Look, sonny, we have next to no money right now,\" Dewey coaxed, taking a few bank notes from his pocket, \"Apart from these,\" \"1939,\" mused the vendor, \"Wow, this historical re-enactment thing at Disneyland sure went to a new level,\" Disneyland? I know Walt Disney, but I sure haven't heard of him building a theme park. If he did, he chose the impossible, so to speak. \"Well, alright, I'll give you guys some snacks or two. And some clean clothes for that matter. Glad I live with a few of my folks at the apartment I live in,\" the vendor sighed. \"Don't worry guys, you're cool. And the name's Trevor,\" Trevor it is, then. I'm glad he seems to be a 'swell fellow to be with for the time being, even if he seemed a little bit of a jerk at first. \"Here's Alastair Duncan and Troy Baker doing work for some Lord of the Rings game,\" said Trevor, swiping things on what he calls a smartphone. \"That mocap sure is convincing,\" The older guy looked awfully familiar , though it couldn't possibly be Gilbert at all. I was eating a hotdog, while the others were content with gulping some iced tea off bottles. It was kind of amusing that those so-called \"mocap\" actors are wearing funny suits with balls sticking out of them, and a long stick hanging off their heads. I couldn't imagine a film of mine, more so a Western, being done with those. \"That would constitute a really, really bad film. I mean, what kind of film involves wearing tight suits and acting in front of an empty void?\" mused Gilbert, obviously confused about what's on the video. \"And what is this wannabe actor looking a touch like me?\" \"That's why I asked if you're not those people,\" replied Trevor. \"Not at all, lad, not at all.\" Emeline assured in her thick Irish accent, not having spoken much since she woke up. \"Tell you what, it was the strangest thing I ever encountered in me own life,\" \"If that's what you guys say,\" Trevor sighed, still not getting the grips of what we are going through. A/N: Alastair played a supporting role in Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor, to be specific. Felt like doing an actor allusion for the lulz, as he was the same person who played the role of Gilbert London in the film. The phrase \"chose the impossible\" was, as you may have guessed it, is a subtle reference to Andrew Ryan's speech in Bioshock. Some jokingly parallel him to Walt Disney, as both envisioned a \"utopia\" for everyone to enjoy, well, sort of. ","Summary":" ALL DRESSED UP AND NO PLACE TO GO Legal Disclaimer: The following fanfic is an unofficial work, and"},{"Movie":"Tower of Terror","Title":"Tower of Terror- Hollywood Hotel","Author":"Vox Populi Alise","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9192495","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So after going to Disneyland Paris I fell in love with the Tower of Terror! I loved the whole abandoned hotel from the 1930's and just imagined what it would be like, and to live through the terror of that night. So I made my own story, with romance :D I hope you like it, there aren't many stories based on the ride or the Disney Movie, so here's mine! Let me know what you think! :D Much Love! Tower of Terror \"Ladies and gentlemen, this way please.\" Through those great wooden doors we enter into the lobby, I felt my mouth slack and open in shock and other feelings I couldn't quite understand yet. \"Hey, Millie, look at the owl.\" Jessica pointed out the main attraction that stood in the centre of the room, a wooden owl, its wings outstretched as if ready to fly. Yet it stood still; covered in dust and webs, I felt a chill down my spine, I didn't know this would affect me so much. Having heard about this place whilst on holiday here in America; I and my best friend Jessica decided to come see this spooky, abandoned hotel located just before the Hollywood hills. \"This place is seriously creeping me out.\" I whisper, following the crowd of other visitors around the room. \"Please remember not to touch.\" The guide smiled politely and began his speech about the hotel; the speech he has probably told so many times. \"I think that owl's eyes are following me you know.\" Jessica squinted at the wooden figure and walked backwards then forwards, testing out her theory. \"People are looking at you!\" I pulled on her arm and smiled at the crowd of visitors that were looking our way with confused expressions. \"Have some fun!\" Jessica grinned at me, \"We are on holiday.\" \"I know, but I just don't want people thinking we British are absolutely crazy.\" I quickly snapped at her, I'm all for fun, don't get me wrong; but this place was really playing with my emotions. It started as soon as we saw the hotel coming up the road. \"Well, we are a little bit.\" She winked and walked slowly over to the group. I took a deep breath and shook my head, my mind was getting all fuzzy, maybe I was just too hot. I strolled along around the room looking at the tea cups and trollies that had been left here years ago. The newspaper still there on the coffee table and a doll lay alone on the sofa. \"The great mystery of the hotel is of course; you may of heard it before, but for those of you who have not, let me tell you,\" The guide wandered over to the reception area and stood in front of the desk, his hands clapped together and a little smirk appeared on his face, like a teenage boy out to scare his little sister with a ghost story. \"1939, the night of Halloween,\" He began. \"Tsk, always on Halloween.\" Jessica shook her head and I rolled my eyes at her. \"A wealthy family lived here, with two actors in the family they could afford anything. The Asher family consisted of Mr Richard the father, Mrs Anna the mother, their son the rising film star; Mr Tristan, then the daughter Miss Kelly and the youngest daughter also very famous for her cute singing and acting Miss Sally.\" \"Lucky family.\" Jessica sighed with disinterest, but I felt opposite. \"The family came back from a long publicity trip that week, of course the paparazzi were here waiting, we do have the newspapers with the photos they had taken that week, I can show you later. That night they was invited to the Top Tip Party on the top floor at..\" \"Seven thirty sharp..\" I whispered, Jessica looked at me suddenly and frowned. \"..Seven thirty sharp, where the band would play till late and little Miss Sally would sing, but outside a thunderstorm grew..\" I shook my head, how did I know what time it started? \"How?!\" Jessica whispered quite loudly to me. \"I don't know.\" I frowned and stared at the floor, what is going on? \"They entered the elevator and at exactly five past eight, it stopped, a bolt of lightning struck the side of the hotel, right where the elevator was, then BOOM!\" The guide waved his arms about suddenly, \"The elevator fell.\" The visitors gasped and some just hung their mouth's open, my heart was racing and the guide led us all forward, I didn't want to look around the corner of the front desk, I didn't want to see. Whatever it was. \"Come on Millie!\" Jessica pulled my arm and my eyes darted to the twisted metal in the wall. My heart sank, I felt like I would fall to my knees and cry. \"Millie, you ok?\" I felt Jessica's hand on my shoulder, I nodded and took a deep breath. \"They managed to get into the elevator, but no bodies were found inside.\" The guide stood, hands together, looking gravely at the floor. \"The manger closed the hotel and in his will wrote than no one should buy, demolish or restore this hotel, until this mystery was solved.\" Someone's hand went up in the air, \"So did anyone investigate?\" \"Oh of course,\" The guide looked lively all of a sudden and walked backwards and forwards, \"They did so for years but couldn't find anything at all.\" Hum, so no one found the bodies, they couldn't of possibly of got out, could they? Ding..ding..ding.. I tilted my head sideways away from the talking crowd, what was this sound? Ding..ding.. dong. I moved away slowly, leaving Jessica talking to some random old lady about ghosts. DING..DING.. Sounds like piano keys, but coming from where? Did a visitor wander off? I looked back to the crowd, no one had noticed me gone yet, I quietly pushed the door to my left open, it was dim inside, a little light shone through the thick red curtains. I walked inside and pushed the door gently to, but I didn't close it. I found the piano, it stood in the corner of the room, covered in dust and a white sheet that had been thrown back so they keys were visible. \"Hello?\" I whispered, barely hearing my own voice. I skimmed the ivory keys with my fingertips; and tapped a key gently not wanting to make too much sound. Odd, it was out of tune, but the sound I heard not too long ago was perfectly sound. I tried again, playing the start of the only song I knew on piano, yes, definitely out of tune. \"You play?\" Someone was here! I turned around quickly and found a man looking at me intrigued, his blonde hair flopped down in his face and his bright blue eyes sparkled, but his expression suddenly changed and he was in shock, just as I was. \"Mildred?\" He gasped. I shook my head, bravely I started to walk up to him to see better, he was wearing very formal clothes, black and white tux in fact, he shook his head and blinked hard before looking back at me. His blue eyes bore into mine. \"But, you,\" He was in disbelief, \"You must have died years ago.\" I heard the pain in his voice and I felt it too. \"I..I'm sorry but I'm Millie. Millie Collins.\" I said carefully; hoping to comfort him. \"But you, you look like her.\" He whispered and leaned back against the mirror. That's when I noticed it, his arm was outstretched behind him and there was no hand on the end of it, I looked closer and saw it was..in the mirror? \"Oh my..\" I whispered to myself, what was this? A trick? Was he just an actor? \"Millie? Ah, she hated people abbreviating her name.\" He looked to the floor and pushed back his hair, I saw exactly how handsome he was then, chiselled cheekbones and a perfect jaw, his mouth settled in a small smile that made my heart miss a beat. \"Who, are you exactly?\" I forced out, in hope it was all just a joke and he would laugh and everyone would come in and laugh too. But they didn't. He looked so upset and lost, \"Just a memory.\" I gasped and moved forward to him but he looked up at me and I caught his beautiful eyes before he moved backwards into the full length mirror. He looked back at me with a blue light surrounding his body, a ghost? \"I'm sorry.\" Was all I could say. He gave me a weak smile and shrugged. He touched my heart. \"I wish I could help.\" He looked down then and frowned in thought, \"Then come back.\" \"Huh? Come back?\" I inhaled, what did he mean? I looked up in the mirror and only saw my reflection. He's disappeared. Get ready for chapter 2! ","Summary":" So after going to Disneyland Paris I fell in love with the Tower of Terror! I loved the whole aband"},{"Movie":"Tower of Terror","Title":"Once again","Author":"Bittersweet Illusion","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2582782","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Tower of Terror, obviously. It was made by some people who got the idea from the Disney ride. Bittersweet Illusion : This is my first fanfic, so don't be TOO harsh... I've been doing school in french since grade four, so I'm sorry if my grammer isn't that great. Anyways! On with the story! Chapter one: \"Mommy… mommy…\" The four-year-old tugged on her mother's sleeve, shifting from one foot to the other. \"Not now, Aeryn,\" Eva Parker said, turning briefly to wave her daughter off her arm as she took her room key. \"Thank you, Ms. Parker. Jamie will take up your bags. Jamie,\" The bellhop that approached them looked to be in her late-thirties or forties, with a long, thin face, thin, limp blonde hair, and a permanent frown on her pale face. \"Follow me,\" Eva didn't remember Jamie even touching her bags, but there they were: one in each hand. \"Come on, Aeryn,\" She said, turning to her daughter. Aeryn bent over and idly picked up the marbles she had been playing with one by one from the floor. Then, clasping her hands around her toys, she ambled over to her mother, who took her by the arm, and fell in step with Jamie, staying but a few steps behind as the weaved through the bustling crowd. \"Here we are,\" Jamie said in her eerie, nearly monotone voice. Eva and Aeryn stepped into the elevator where two teenagers were already waiting. Jamie simply put the bags down inside the elevator and stepped back out. \"There's one more guest coming. Take the time to get acquainted.\" Jamie glowered at them for a moment, then turned around and strode away. After turning the corner Jamie paused. She opened her clenched hand and looked at it for a moment. There, lying in her palm was Eva's ring and one of Aeryn's marbles. Just one more item… Everyone stood silently, a slightly awkward feeling tingling lightly in the air. The only one who didn't seem to notice was Aeryn, who had made herself comfortable on the floor and was rolling her marbles back and forth, humming to herself. \"So…\" Jake, a tall, lanky seventeen year old visiting family, searched for something to break the silence. \"My name is Jake.\" There's something interesting! Not… \"I'm, uh, Maya,\" The petite fifteen year old tilted her head slightly, shaking her dark auburn hair. \"And what's your name?\" She knelt down so she could look Aeryn in the eyes, her voice softening. Aeryn looked at her through her long dark bangs for a moment before answering. \"Ae-Aewin,\" \"So, I gonna get any space in this elevator, or do I wait for the next one?\" A low, smooth female voice said. Maya looked to where Jamie and another girl were now standing. The teenager had hair dyed fire-engine red, dark brown roots coming in. Most of it was tied back in a pony-tail high on her head, and a thick strand on either side tucked behind her ears. She raised a thin, arched eye-brow questioningly, slightly pinching her thick, purple-painted lips. Maya stood up, raising her eye-brows and looked away. \"Thank you.\" She stepped into the elevator briskly. Jamie put down the bag in her hand, and stepped out again. She looked from face to face slowly. Jake, Maya and Taylor looked back at her, Eva was trying to put away Aeryn's marbles and Aeryn was trying to keep them away from her mother. \"Are there any questions?\" The monotone voice hung heavily in the air. \"Is it magic?\" Jake said, making his voice sound young and innocent. Jaime nodded slowly. \"No.\" She looked up for a moment. \"Here you go.\" And she disappeared behind the elevator doors. There was a confused feeling shared by everyone in the elevator. The elevators were old fashioned-run by the bellhops. The feeling deepened when the elevator lurched upwards and began to ascend. They all looked at each other, hoping someone else would have an answer. No one did. Looking up at the needle indicating the floor, Jake's eyebrows knit together. \"Hey, I'm supposed to get off here.\" He moved forward and tried to stop the elevator. His remark was repeated by the others as the elevator kept rising. Once the needle hit twelve, there was a lurch. There was a frozen, silent moment that lasted a lifetime. Suddenly there was a crash of thunder and they were falling. \"Oh my god!\" Maya screamed, her hands dancing around desperately for something firm to hold onto. Taylor's eyes were wide open, darting everywhere. Jake didn't know how to react except to just hope it was fast and painless. \"Mommyyyyyyyy!\" Aeryn screamed, clinging to her mother's leg. Eva wrapped her arms around her daughter, wishing she could save Aeryn from this. And in that instant, it was over. Everything hurt, but nothing seemed to be broken. Just permanently bruised. Eva pried her eyes open, looking around the elevator through narrow slits. Everyone else seemed to be regaining consciousness as well. \"W-what happened?\" Maya's voice was weak. \"I think the cable snapped…\" Taylor muttered, struggling up onto her feet. It was then that they heard the muffled crying in the background. Aeryn was curled up on the floor, shaking and crying into her knees, her mother trying to calm her, with a frantic look in her eyes. \"Oh… sweetie… it's okay… we're all going to be okay.\" Eva picked her daughter up and held her close. Slowly the elevator began its second ascent. \"No… not again… I can't go through that again…\" Maya's voice shook as much as her body did. The ascent was short-from the basement to the lobby. The doors opened, and Jamie was still standing there, looking as if she hadn't moved at all since they saw her. She cast a mournful glance at five people who would still be shaking in the morning. \"So sad to see you back,\" She stepped into the elevator, closed the doors, and took them up to their floors. It had been over seventy years since the Hollywood Tower Hotel had seen such an accident. This time no one lost their life. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Tower of Terror, obviously. It was made by some people who got the idea fr"},{"Movie":"Behind Enemy Lines","Title":"A Time for Drunken Horses","Author":"Charlotte Gray","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1069146","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Probably the best resources I used for this story were books. Basher Five-Two , by Scott O'Grady. Great book on the pilot shot down in Bosnia. Bosnia: A Short History , by Noel Malcolm. This book is good, but it is hard to follow. Malcolm uses too many prepositional phrases in a sentence, and makes it hard to understand. The absolute best book on the Navy is The Bluejackets' Manual. My version is about 13 years old, but is still is reliable. Anyway my heart goes out to those who serve overseas in Operation Iraqi Freedom.[Chapter 2] A/N: Socialism is a form of Communism. According to the World Book Encyclopedia, all people of the Yugoslavian area is considered a Slav, since Bosnia and Herzegovina is right next to Yugoslavia, I think you get the picture. Chris was roughly awoken from his daydream by a Serb guard. \"Lazy bastard, all your Yankee friends are already dedicating their time to help us become a great Socialist military power, and here you are sleeping,\" the guard hissed in broken English. Chris took the time to notice the stench of alcohol on the man's breath and his rotting teeth. \"Sure thing buddy, but I bet Bergen isn't even awake yet,\" Chris mumbled. He stood up and staggered back into the shed, leaving the drunken guard in his place by the tree. The shed was nothing more then some barn siding nailed to a few wooden posts. The crude housing offered no real protection from the Bosnian winter. The air inside the shed was thick with smoke. Not only did the shed offer no protection from the elements; it had no way for the smoke to escape. The Serbs were dead set on making anyone who opposed to their ridding Bosnia of Slavic Muslims life miserable. The scant pieces of wood they gave the prisoners were in no way practical or dry enough to be used for firewood. The Serbs loved to see the men choke and cough on the on the hot cinders the fires gave off. Chris brushed at his watering eyes; trying to stop the stinging from the smoke. His uniform was streaked with ash from the fires he had tended to. The stench of unwashed bodies in the small camp was almost unbearable. So far no one had contracted any particularly life threatening diseases, but dysentery and scurvy had set in for the winter. He stumbled over the other men. Most were either pilots, like himself; who'd been shot down or the foot soldiers of other nations in NATO; who'd had their camp ambushed. He accidentally kicked a few, but they just groaned and rolled over. In a space meant to hold 15, 45 men were crammed together. He found a slightly empty space and lay down. He looked over at Bergen. Bergen shivered and drew his knees closer to his chest. His blanket had been used for shoes. Bergen's boots had been \"confiscated\" by a Serb, who Chris had dubbed Coyote, because of his sly ways and conning voice. Chris drifted off into an uneasy sleep, but was awaken all too soon by the same Serb guard. \"You come with us!\" he snapped, his eyes shining with victory. Chris nervously got to his feet, knowing full and well why he was going with the Serb. He tried hard to avoid the questioning stares of his, now wide awake comrades. The Serb marched him out of the shed, and much to Chris's surprise, out of the barbed wire encampment. He was shoved into a waiting military convoy and then blindfolded. He couldn't see the countryside pass by him, but he could feel it every time the unknown driver hit a rut in the road. He had a feeling the driver was doing it on purpose too. He lost track of time while in the jeep, minutes felt like hours. He dozed miserably, jerking awake every few minutes. After what seemed like eternity, the jeep came to a stop in front of a stone mansion.[Chapter 3] \"How many times do I have to tell you?\" shouted the guard. He hit Chris with the butt of his rifle. Chris rolled over, his handsnclutching his chest. He struggled to breathe his eyes watered furiously.n The guard kicked him sharply in the ribs. \"Get up,\" he barked. Chris writhed in agony. He rocked back and forth until he was up on hisnknees. He opened his eyes and dared to look up at the guard. \"God damn it, I don't have time for this,\" the guard snapped, and pullednChris up by the shoulder. Chris stood for a few seconds before falling against the guard. \"Stand up damn it!\" bellowed the guard. \"I'm trying,\" whispered Chris. As soon as he made that remark, he wished he could take it back. He fell tonhis knees just as the butt of a gun came at his head. *~*~*~* When he awoke he was laying in a corner of the shed. A piece of clothnwas wrapped tightly around his head. He looked towards the entrance of thenshed, but couldn't tell if it was day or night. His throat burned withnthirst. He looked around for the bucket of water the men kept in the shed.nHe saw it; but it was just out of his reach. He tried to sit up, but thenpain was too intense. His head spun as he lay back down. He closed his eyesntightly, trying to block out the pain. Soon he heard a familiar voice. \"Thank god you've woken up. It took everything we had to convince thenguards you weren't dead. They'd be just as happy to throw you to thencrematory. Dirt bas.\" Reiker broke off and smiled at Chris. \"How ya feeling?\" asked a Sergeant Chris had only talked too once or twice. \"How long had I been out?\" Chris asked, ignoring the sergeant's question. \"Oh, about five days, it's really a miracle you didn't die,\" answerednReiker. \"By the way, here's your buddies now\" the sergeant added, referring to thentwo approaching guards. ","Summary":" A/N: Probably the best resources I used for this story were books. Basher Five-Two , by Scott O'Gra"},{"Movie":"Behind Enemy Lines","Title":"He Came Home","Author":"ClubDread16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1066696","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The character Stackhouse doesn't belong to me. He belongs to the AMAZINGnactor Gabriel Macht.n~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~n~~~~~~ As Stackhouse watched Chris walk into the trees, tears began to roll downnhis cheeks. He knew he shouldn't be crying, but he was terrified. Scarednthat he would never see his wife and little girl again. He remembered the first time he'd been with Melissa. He'd taken her to thenfanciest restraunt in town, and in the middle of dinner, he'd dropped tonone knee and asked her to marry him. It was then that she decided she wasnready. Her skin so soft against his. Her voluptous body pressed tightly tonhim. It's been the best night of his life, or so he'd thought at the time,nbut nine months later his daughter Amy was born. He loved Amy more thannlife itself and he would do absolutely anything for her. But as he watched Chris disappear, it was looking less and less like henwould see them ever again. He tried to imagine them right there in front of him, but he couldn't. Hencouldn't even imagine Amy and Melissa in a place like this. They were toongood for it. Stackhouse's gaze drifted from Chris' disappearing back to the hill behindnhim. He could hear something coming. He wanted so badly to call out fornChris, but somehow he knew he wasn't going to make it, he didn't want tonruin Chris' chance too. Before they appeared over the hill, he thought ofneverything he was going to miss. Amy's first day of school, her firstnbasketball game, her graduation, and her wedding. He'd never walk his babyngirl down the aisle. He stared at the man yelling at him. \"Are there any others!?!?!?\" God henhoped Chris was seeing this. 'I hopes Chris calls Melissa. This is going tonkill her.' The cold steel of the gun barrel against his head wasnunbearable. 'Please pull the trigger. Get it overe with.' But the manndidn't pull the trigger. \"You're coming with me.\" ~~~TWO DAYS LATER~~~ Stackhouse lay on the ground, guns laying all around him. He wanted sonbadly to reach for one. To fire it into his captors, but they'd broken bothnof his arms, and his legs hurt too badly to move. He prayed for death now.n\"Stackhouse? You ok?\" Stackhouse lifted his head up slowly. \"Chris?\" Thenbushes near him started to move and suddenly Chris appeared. \"Hang in there buddy. I'm gonna get you outta here.\" Stackhouse wanted tonscream at him. \"Chris look at them! They have more guns than we've evernseen. It's not gonna work.\" Chris' smile melted away. \"I'm not going tonleave you here to die.\" Stackhouse laid his head back on the ground. \"Do mena favor, Chris. Shoot me.\" \"That's not funny, Stack.\" Chris' normallynlaughing voice turned stern. \"I'm serious, Chris. I want you to shoot me innthe head, and call Melissa.\" Tears began welling in Stack's eyes. 'Please,nChris. Please.\" Chris put the silencer on his gun and put it to Stack'snhead. \"Close your eyes buddy. Everything will be better soon.\" With that henclosed his eyes and pulled the trigger.n~~~BACK IN MISSOURI~~~nAmy opened her eyes, not knowing what had disturbed her sleep. \"Daddy?\" Shenwhispered. Standing above her was her father. \"Go back to sleep baby.\"nEverything's ok now.\" Amy rolled over and shut her eyes. \"Goodnight daddy.nI love you.\" Stackhouse bent forward and kissed her on the cheek. \"I lovenyou too baby.\"nMelissa's eyes fluttered open. \"Stack? When did you get home?\" \"I can'tnstay. I just wanted to say goodbye. I'm going away now, but I will ALWAYSnlove you.\" \"What do you mean 'go away'? Yu just got here.\" She asked. \"Inlove you Melissa. I always have.\" Melissa reached to turn on the lights,nbut when she looked back, he was gone. It was then she knew what hadnhappened. Just then the phone rang. \"Melissa? It's Chris. Stack wanted mento call you.\" Melissa began to cry. \"He's dead isn't he Chris?\" There was anmoment of silence. \"How did you know?\" Through her tears, Melissa managed ansmile. \"He came home.\"[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: The character Jeremy Stackhouse doesn't beloing to me. Henbelongs to whoever owns the rights to Behing Enemy Lines. The charactersnMelissa and Amy, however, are mine. Thanks to everybody who reveiwed mynstory. And thanks to BlazerAkila who told me to hurry up and post a finalnchapter to the story.n~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~n~~~~~~ Melissa Stackhouse watched her daughter Amy, through the window. Amy wasnsitting on the ground looking up. Talking to someone or something visiblenonle to herself. Amy claimed she was talking to her father, but as much asnMelissa missed Jeremy, she couldn't believe that. The teachers at schoolnthought Amy needed to see a psychiatrist, but Melissa kept insisting it wasnjust Amy's way of grieving. Or so she hoped. \"Why don't you talk mommy anymore?\" Amy asked. Stackhouse gazed down atnhis beautiful little girl. She was so innocent, so sweet. Also the onlynperson who could see him. He hated that he would never again hold her.nWould never kiss her and tell her it would be ok. But she talked to him andnhe talked back. \"Daddy,\" Pain welled up in his heart whenever she spoke.n\"Daddy, why does mommy cry when I talk to you?\" Stackhouse blinkednunbelievingly. In the years he'd known Melissa, he had never seen her cry.n\"I don't know baby.\" Amy continued to play with her GI Joes. \"She's takingnme to see someone today.\" This drew Stackhouse's full attention. \"Who? Whonare they taking you to see?\" Amy held two of the GI Joes next to eachnother. Stackhouse noticed that one held a gun to the other's head and hencringed. \"Mommy said he's a doctor.\" Stack turned to see Melissa watchingnthem. He shook his head. She wasn't looking at him, she was watching Amy.n\"Are you feeling ok, baby?\" Amy knocked over one of her soldiers. Shenpicked it up then and held it close to her face. When her father had boughtnthis one, he'd written his name on its badge. \"Daddy.\" She whisperednquietly as she kissed the doll. Then she spoke up. \"Mommy said he's notnthat kind of doctor.\" That's when it all finally dawned on Stackhouse. Hisnlittle girl, who had so much of him in her, was being taken to anpsychiatrist. They thought she was crazy. Just then, \"Amy! It's time to gonsee Dr. Marks.\"Amy leapt up, carrying her father's doll. Melissa looked on,npitying the small girl, but not being able to supress a slowly risingnanger. \"Leave the doll heer, sweetie.\" \"But mommy.....\" Her patiencenfinally disappeared. \"I said leave the doll here or I'll throw it away!\"nStack watched all this from behind Amy. Was this her way of grieving? Byntaking it out on their daughter? Tears welled up in Amy's eyes. She kissednthe doll, then obediently set it on the counter. \"Now get in the car.\" Amynturned around. \"Are you coming daddy?\" Stack nodded, then, remembering shencouldn't see him, \"Of course I'm coming.\" ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~AT THE DOCTOR'SnOFFICE~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ \"Mrs. Stackhouse? I'm going to need some information from you before I talknto the child.\" Dr. Marks turned to his secretary. \"Ms. Ellison, please takenAmy into the lobby.\" Ms. Ellison nodded and took Amy's hand gently, leadingnher into the lobby. 'What exactly is wrong?\" Melissa looked to the dorr,nas though expecting Amy to come through it and tell her everything would benok. \"Well, her father, Jeremy, died a month ago, Lately, she's been talkingnto herself. Claiming she can see her father.\" The doctor wroteneverything down on his little pad. \"I see. And you don't believe her?\"nMelissa's eyes grew wider. \"Of course I don't. Her father's dead. They sentnhis body home in a box. I watched them lower the coffin.\" The doctornnodded. \"Ok, I'm going to have to ask you some questions. I'll aske thensame questions of the child and they will help to prove or disprove whatnyour child is saying.\" He pushed the intercom button. \"Ms. Ellison, wouldnyou please bring Amy in?\" ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~IN THE LOBBY. MINUTESnEARLIER.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Stackhouse cat on the bench next to Amy with his head in his hands. Thisnwas all his fault. As much as he loved Melissa and Amy he needed to movenon. To do that he need to show his daughter that he was gone. He needed hernto know that he was really gone. He need to do it now, before they put hernin an asylum. He whispered in Amy's ear. \"I need to show you something.\"nAmy nodded. \"Ms. Ellison? I'm going to the bathroom.\" The woman nodded andnlet Amy go. When Amy had locked the stall door she turned to her father. \"Inlove you and mommy, but I need to show you this. You need to know thentruth.\" He put his hand on her forehead and she began to cry. She sawneverything that happened. Saw Chris aim the gun and pull the trigger.n\"You're-you're really dead?\" She asked. Stackhouse nodded. \"I love you morenthan anything, but I can't talk to you anymore. I have to go now. But I'llnalways be in your heart, and you'll always be in mine.\" Amy nodded hernhead. \"I love you too, Daddy. I'll miss you.\" With that, Stackhouse wasngone. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~BACK IN THEnLOBBY~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Melissa paced back and forth, waiting for Amy to retuurn from the bathroom.n\"How long ago did she leave?\" She aske the secretary. \"About five minutesnago.\" Just then a shape appeared before Melissa's eyes. As she watched, itnbegan to take on a human form. Her husband's form. \"Jeremy?\" She whispered.nHe nodded. \"Is it really you?\" Again he nodded. \"You can take Amy home now.nI'm leaving.\" Tears welled up in her eyes and her voice became choked. \"You-nyou've really been talking to her?\" He nodded. \"But I', leaving now. I lovenyou Mel. I've always lovd you.\" The tears were now rolling down her cheeks.n\"I love you too. Please, don't leave. We need you.\" Stackhouse tried tontouch her cheek but his hand went right through and she shivered. \"I havento go. But I'll always be with you.\" With that he was gone. Amy camenrunning through the door and into her mother's arms. \"He's gone mommy.\"nMelissa held the little girl close to her. \"I know baby. Let's go home.\"[Chapter 3] Thanx to BlazerAkila and the one other person to review my story. Thanksnalso to my friend Emily who has to put up with reading all my stories everynday.nDisclaimer: You guys know the drill. I don't own Chris Burnett or JeremynStackhouse, Melissa, and Amy Stackhouse, on the other hand, are entirely ofnmy own creation.n~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~n~~~~~~ The doorbell rang and Amy jumped up from her spot on the couch, hernshoulder length brown hair flying behind her. She threw back the door. \"Heynba.....\" Stopping mid-sentence as she realized who it was. \"Oh. It's you.\"nAnger clouding her mind, she left the door open for him to enter, if henmust. He followed her into the kitchen. There were so many things shenwanted to say to him, but even his name burned her tongue. \"So, I haven'tnseen you in a while.How are you?\" His pathetic attempts to befriend hernonly angered her more. She spun around to face him. \"Listen to me now,nbecause I'm only going to say this once. You might think you're my friend.nYou're not. You might think I like you. I don't. And if you think I likenthe fact that you and my mom are dating you better sit your ass down andnthink again. You killed my father and I will never forget that.\" With everynword she spat out, Chris took a step back. Finally she pushed him down intona chair. \"My mom has forgiven you, and as long as she likes you, I'llntolerate you dating her, but I will NEVER like you. Every night you staynhere, I'll just be waiting for my chance to get you the way you got mynfather. So don't try to buddy up to me, because even if my mom can't, I cannsee right through you.\" With that she stormed out of the kitchen. Chrisndidn't movefrom the chair. Every night he prayed to God to forgive him whatnhe had done to Stackhouse. Maybe he and Melissa shouldn't go out tonight.nWithout further thought, he stood up and walked out.n In her bedroom, Amy lay looking at a picture or her father. She wipednaway a tear. It was taken when she was four, a year before he was takennfrom her. He had been hom on medical leave, he'd broken his right wrist,nand the picture was of Amy and him playing catch with a rubber ballnunderneath the weeping willow tree that had been in their backyard. It hadnbeen cut down two years after Stack's death and Amy had cried for a week.nThis was the last picture taken of her father. Amy set the picture down andngrabbed a box of kleenex from the nightstand. She remembered the firstnnight Chris had come around. It had been the one month anniversary of hernfather's death, her father's murder. The night she had begun talking tonhim. Melissa Stackhouse had been distraught and the only person she thoughtnshe could turn to, because a five year old child couldn't understand thenreal meaning of grief, was Chris Burnett. Amy had seen them talking. Allnthat she felt about Jeremy's death boiled down to anger. She wanted to killnChris Burnett.as he had killed her dad. Ever since that night, Chris hadnbeen coming around more and more. He had even begun to spend the night. Amyn couldn't stand it anymore. Today was her fifteenth birthday and she wasngoing to enjoy it. With or without her family. She pulled on her father'snold NAVY sweater. It was a charcoal grey, and still smelled like him. Shenhad taken it out of his closet the night after he died and had worn itnevery day since. Then she opened the window, and climber down the eaves.n In her bedroom, Melissa stood, smoothing the black velvet dress. Itnstill fit. Jeremy had loved this dress on her. She was sure Chris wouldnlove it too. The giddiness that had been swelling up inside her all day,nmelted away as she glanced at the picture on her dresser. It was anpictureof Jeremy and herself on their wedding day. She picked up thenpicture and sat down on her bed. Stakhouse had been dead for nearlytennyears, but every memory she had of him haunted her. Especially how they hadnfought right before he left. The last time she had talked to him. It hadnbeen about that damn weeping willow tree. She was afraid that it would fallnon the house, but he insisted it would stand. Such a stupid thing to fightnover. She set the picture down. \"I'm gonna make new memories tonight.\" Shensaid. She paused going out the door and looked up. 'Wherever Jeremy isnnow,' she thought,'I hope he didn't hear that.'n Chris sat on his couch, flipping through his photo album. He andnStackhouse on the Carl Vinson, he and Stakhouse at the reception on Stack'snwedding night, Stack-Melissa-Amy and himself the day Amy was born. Henslammed the photo album shut and threw it across the room. His head restednin his hands as the tears began rolling down his cheeks. He could had savednhim. Why did he leave Stack there? When he closed his eyes, he could stillnhear him. \"So where are we Mr. Navigator Man?\" Just then the phone rang.nChris knew who it was. He couldn't talk to her, so , shutting the lightsnoff, he lay back on the couch and drifted to sleep. Beneath the voice onnthe answering machine, he could hear Stack begging Chris to shoot him. Andnthis was how he fell asleep. Listening to the intermingled voices of Jeremynand Melissa Stackhouse. \"Chris, what's going on? I thought we were goingnout tonight. Are you ok? Um...call me when you get this, ok? I miss you.\" ","Summary":" The character Stackhouse doesn't belong to me. He belongs to the AMAZINGnactor Gabriel Macht.n~~~~~"},{"Movie":"Tower of Terror","Title":"If You Dare","Author":"littleflappergrl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6176999","Passage":"[Chapter 1] CHAPTER ONE \"Great-grandpa, where did you say we're head off to, again?\" I quipped as I shut the car seat door beside me. \"The Hollywood Tower Hotel... It's an elegant building! It was built in...\" Great-grandpa paused to think for a moment. \"Ah! It was built in 1939! Some people reckon it's haunted because of what happened one night,\" he explained. \"What happened?\" I asked with curiosity. \"Well, some five people were the first to check-in in the hotel... It was a married couple, a nanny, a movie star child (whose name is Sally), and the bellhop. They stepped into the door of an elevator... But, it would turn out to be a nightmare! You see, child, lightning supposedely struck that night on to the Tower. After that, the five people were never seen again...\" Great-grandpa explained. \"The Tower soon closed after that, and it's been empty ever since...\" he added. I looked down, twiddling my fingers, perhaps with some nervousness. \"Oh,\" I finally squeaked. After about an hour, we finally arrived. I glanced up at the building and winced. For some reason, this hotel didn't seem of what I had in mind. It was a tan-ish color with windows starting to come off. The gate was pretty rusty after all these years. You could see where the lightning struck, as my grandpa explained. I slowly got out of the car, and helped my grandpa with the suitcases. Trying to grip onto two suitcases, I muttered, \"It sure is fancy...\" \"Awh, now quit being sarcastic, Adriana!\" Grandpa snapped, opening the gate. Surprisingly, the gate welcomed us without any trouble. We started waddling our way through of what seemed like a maze of cement! Lo, and behold though, the doors were soon in front of us! I noticed the door had a tiny creak opening, so I volunteered to open-sesamy this time. What we first came to was the lobby. Gazing and scanning it with my eyes, there were piles of dust everywhere! I snickered before saying, \"This place is ancient!\" \"Quite bickering, and let's just move on!\" Grandpa barked. We walked over to the front desk, and grandpa ringed the bell. Not long after, a man in bellhop attire approached us... He had a wicked grin on his face.[Chapter 2] CHAPTER TWO The bellhop (spookingly) greeted us. He nodded at grandpa and I. He finally introduced himself. \"I am Jeffrey, one of the main bellhops of this hotel. As you can see, the place is quite deserted... Ah, alas, the tragedy that brought onto this once exquisite hotel...\" I was soon not paying attention, for I heard a faint sound. It was music. I noticed it was coming from above. I started creeping toward one of the walls, which had a door attached to it. I started reaching for the knob... \"Ah, ah, ah, ah!\" Jeffrey snapped, fly-swattering my hand with his. I nearly jumped ten feet away... He scared me so much! \"To get to your room, you need to take the elevator ,\" he added, showing grandpa and I the way. I gulped, remembering the story grandpa had told me. We soon went through a library. Oh, how I was interested in reading some of those books! This place was starting to get creepier and creepier. Not long after, we were fowarded to the elevators. I took sight of one with a sheet over it. Grandpa saw it too. \"That's probably the one that sent the lost souls to their doom,\" he whispered to me. I nodded, frightingly. I looked up at the elevator we were about to board. Seemed like it would take forever for these rusted-old machines to work! I thought. My foot started tapping impatiently. \"Adriana, you've got to remember this hotel was made in...\" Grandpa started saying. \"1939...\" I finished, with boredom. I let out a deep sigh, tired from all the waiting. CRRRRRANK! Grandpa and I both jumped at the loud sound. \"Jesus!\" I yelped, backing away. Grandpa grabbed my wrist, and tugged me by his side. We both noticed the light on top of the elevator lit up. Our elevator was finally starting to come down. Jeffrey then joined us, standing by the opening of the doors. \"Your room awaits you...\" he said, with a chilling voice. I got shivers down my spine. Abrava-cadabara, the doors magically opened! Grandpa and I stepped into the elevator, with Jeffrey following along. We were going to be taken to the fifth floor. I wondered about with my eyes cautiously. What if this is some sort of prank? I pondered. I interuppted my thought by asking grandpa, \"So, why are we here again?\" \"I came here a few days before the grand-opening... An open house!\" Grandpa recalled. \"Ever since the haunting, I've always wanted to see of what has come of this place,\" he added. I nodded, turning my face to gaze at the doors. Ding! We finally reached our destination. All three of us stepped into the hallway. Even this was rusted up! Jeffrey led us to our room, unlocking the door. \"Now, if you two need anything, you can call me at the lobby...\" Jeffrey assured. He pointed towards a phone before saying, \"The phone's right there...\" Goody, this was one of these old phones! I was always a lover of antique goods, so it made me happy to see a phone from the 20th century! However, I was rather surprised the phone still had a connection... \"Adriana, let's unpack, shall we?\" Grandpa interuppted. I did as I was told. I opened up a closet, but was rather disappointed. Dust mites everywhere ! \"Uh, grandpa... I am not putting my clothes in this dirt-bunny-house!\" I said, sniffling, trying not to sneeze. That sneeze then came out of nowhere. Ahh-chooo! I cupped my hand over my mouth, startled at the echos of the sound I had just made. Frankly, nothing happened. Nothing creaked, no dust came falling down, nothing. That, I was thankful for. Grandpa finished putting the clothes in the closet, and shut it. \"Alright, that's all done!\" he cheerfuly said. \"Now, Adriana, what do you say we-\" He cut off, for he saw I had a bewildered look upon my face. \"Grandpa... I hear something...\" I quietly whispered. \"Ahhh, nonsense, you're just hearing things!\" Grandpa murmered. \"No, no! Shhhh! Listen!\" I protested. The sound got louder. This time, it wasn't music. It sounded like singing. It was defintely nearby. I braved to open our room door. I looked both ways, before looking to my left again. Grandpa appeared behind me. Now he must've heard the singing, too. The singing was quite faint, but it was clear: It's raining, it's pouring, the old man is snoring... Rain, rain, go away, come back another day... It's raining, it's pouring, the old man is snoring... ","Summary":" CHAPTER ONE \"Great-grandpa, where did you say we're head off to, again?\" I quipped as I shut the "},{"Movie":"Tower of Terror","Title":"A Different Kind Of Introduction","Author":"PenDrabbles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10905386","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi guys! This is fanfiction for two bellhops at the tower of terror. I saw the two together the last few times I rode and they're the cutest thing ever! The first time I noticed them was when she came to trade elevators with him. He stared at her for a really long time before he left. Then I saw her looking at him from the library. And I saw him spinning her around at the exit. Does anyone know if they're dating? …. …. …. The year was 1939. The place was the glitz and glamour of Hollywood. The specific place was the lobby doors of the Hollywood Tower Hotel. The heat of the summer was beginning to set in. Victor McConnell could feel trickles of sweat rolling down his back. It was a day like any other. A smart black car had rolled through the front gate and another Hollywood couple stepped out into the stone entrance. In an instant, Victor had been there to pop the trunk open and collect what bags were waiting in the cab. While there were many trunks and hatboxes, the over six-foot giant lifted the oversized luggage with ease. The couple he was helping was prattling on and on about some party that meant nothing to him. Their little dog glared up at him with beady little eyes, as if to make sure the man wouldn't squash his owners. During the lull in the conversation, Victor let his mind wander to things that actually had some relevance to him. A new bellhop was starting today. Jamison Poltz was the one charged with showing her around and making sure she learned the ropes. It wasn't going to be an easy job. Hopefully, this rare new female had the moxie to get the job done. Secretly, Victor hoped she wasn't much of a looker. The male patrons would harass her to no end, just like they did to poor Jane Altone. No wonder she was moved to the mailroom. The poor girl was almost physically assaulted while bringing up some luggage. Victor had never had that problem. People would stop and stare at him, not because he was a rather handsome bloke, but because he was gigantic. He knew he had been hired as more as an entertainment commodity than for his work ethic. Not every hotel could boast that a mountain of a man was their bellhop. Victor had gotten used to the stares and the comments. With his closely clipped brown hair and deep blue eyes, the bellhop stood a proud six-foot ten. Most people had to crane their necks to even get a glimpse of his face. His hands alone were the size of dinner plates. The sweet smell of lady's perfume broke him out of his thoughts. A group of hotel guests stepped away from the front desk, and there she was. The new girl was pretty, with her bangs in a roll on her forehead. What was unusual was that her hair in the back was very short. She had copper skin and dark eyes that seemed to twinkle in the light of the lamps. On her hands, she wore a pair of spotless white gloves. Victor could almost feel the smirk twisting his face. Apparently, his silent prayer had been ignored because this one was a looker. This little girl wouldn't last a week. She would be gone by this time tomorrow. A shrill voice cut through his thoughts. \"Bellhop! Our bags!\" the lady in pink screeched at him, \"Any slower and you won't get a tip!\" The six-foot plus giant internally grumbled and began to lug the bags to the golden elevators. After learning that the couple was going to be on the eleventh floor, he pressed the appropriate button and looked back out in to the lobby. Poltz and the new bellhop had moved to familiarize themselves with the rest of the lobby. It was then that the girl looked up at him. Victor stared back as she began to smile. He was just about to smile back when the elevator doors slammed in his face. Now he was trapped in a small space with the pink lady, her shrimp of a husband and their dog that smelled like whisky. … Alice Lee James could hardly contain her excitement. This was it. This was finally it! This was going to be her first step in the world of show business and glitzy glamour! The fresh faced Northerner had only been in Hollywood for a few days. She had answered an ad in the paper for a bellhop at the Hollywood Tower Hotel and the twenty year old snatched it up immediately. The hiring process had gone by relatively smoothly. Her family background of owning a successful boarding house in Chicago had really helped her land the paycheck. Not to mention all she had to do was smile a bit at the lanky interviewer. While he hadn't been much, he was still going to be in charge of her employment. Not even two days later, she got the telephone call saying she had gotten the job. After that, it had been a mad rush to finish all her paperwork, obtain the proper Hotel attire and begin her training. Now she stood in the lobby of the finest hotel in all of Hollywood. She began to fidget with the collar of her new uniform. The maroon dress paired with the grey pants was a bit on the warm side, but at least it was flattering. From her position by the front desk, Alice could take in all the grandeur around her. The brass shined. There were fresh flowers waiting to greet guests as they prepared to check in and out. There was a light clink of glasses and china as a few couples dined. In the corner, a group of men where playing an intense game of Mah Jongg. But the sights and sounds paled to the man that had just stepped into the lobby. Alice almost visibly gulped. The bellhop has simply enormous. It was a marvel he could fit through any of the hotel doors. The hat only made him seem taller. He handled the luggage with ease. She didn't mean to stare, but something about him captivated her. Mr. Jamison Poltz, the man that had been her interviewer, was telling her about proper protocol when he noticed that his newest bellhop wasn't listening to a word he was saying. He followed her line of sight and frowned. \"I expect you to give me your undivided attention, Miss James,\" Jamison sniffed, \"As a member of the Tower staff, you are expected to be professional at all times. Your work life must not be muddled with your private life.\" \"I understand, sir,\" Alice replied, nodding her head slightly. \"Good. Moving on to the entrance of the lobby…\" Alice hadn't meant it, but she was ignoring Mr. Poltz again. The giant had shuffled to the elevators. The couple he was assisting barked something at him as the golden doors opened and they stepped through. His eyes met hers for a brief second and Alice had no idea what to do. She had been caught staring, so she refused to look away and flashed him a small smile. The bellhop's eyes widened slightly and before he could do anything else, the elevator doors glided shut. An impatient cough from Jamison Poltz steered her back to her training.[Chapter 2] Welcome to chapter 2 of A Different Kind Of Introduction. All characters in this story are bellhops I've seen. I'm so happy I got reviews! It means people are reading this! What do you think of Alice Lee and Victor so far? I've been back to Tower of Terror a few more times the past months and found more inspiration for new characters 3 …..….. ….. ….. Alice Lee James awoke to the trilling of her brass alarm clock. Her dark eyes snapped open and the girl yawned. Another morning of a grey ceiling welcoming her to the waking life, another day of creating a network that could potentially propel her to stardom. She looked around her tiny bedroom. It was sparsely furnished, with only a small single bed, a rather worn looking wardrobe and a nightstand. A scuffed, floor length mirror stood in the corner by one of two lamps. It was a small home, but it was hers nonetheless. At least she could be thankful that she did not have a roommate. Alice Lee stretched once more before throwing her feel over the side of the bed and making contact with the cool floor. The girl shivered slightly but padded over to the mirror to begin her daily routine. Her reflection stared back at her, smiling sleepily. Today was another day in the famous Hotel. With a light exhale, she stepped into the still dark hallway and made her way towards breakfast. And to think her dream had finally stepped forward with an interview. ….. ….. Mr. Jamison Poltz, the interviewer, was an average looking, weasel of a man with dark eyes and ginger hair that was neatly clipped above his ears. As most men did, he wore a finely tailored suit with a green tie. He looks like an overgrown elf , she thought as she adjusted her cream gloves. Alice sat primly on the wooden office chair in her pale green dress. She had been ushered there by a rather drab elderly lady and told to wait. Mr. Poltz had arrived a few moments later, apologizing for a situation he needed to take care of. After hanging up his coat, the interview finally began. It had started with the basic questions, like previous working experience, adaptation to a new environment and capability to mingle with the public. Of course, she would have to start memorizing the layout of Hollywood and update her knowledge of current productions. \" Miss James?\" \" Yes, that's me, sir,\" she answered with as smile. Poltz crookedly smiled back. \" I understand that you have worked in a boarding house your entire life, as well as holding a delivery girl business for eight years. Mighty fine résumé for a little pip like you.\" \" Yes, sir. My parents owned the boarding house and I ran the odd jobs.\" Her interviewer smiled again and nodded. The girl in front of him was certainly qualified for the job, despite her young age. Her professional manor would suit her perfectly in this lifestyle and from the look of her expression, she could take a few hits. But just to be sure… \" So tell me,\" he chuckled smugly, stretching out in his chair, \"You running from the gangs? How do I know I'm not hiring some gangster's moll?\" Her expression darkened for a moment but she never lost her cool smile. Jamison was fascinated by how stone-like she seemed. \" I can assure you, Mr. Poltz,\" came her soft voice, \"That I am, in no way, shape or form, on the run or involved in any gang activities.\" \" Did you fuck your way here, Ms. James? Made whoopee with any of your regulars?\" \" I am not that kind of woman,\" she responded coolly, \"If that is the kind of behavior you expect here, then I will withdraw my application.\" There was a tense silence as the clock on the wall ticked away. What seemed like several long moments later, Jamison finally smirked and nodded his head. Alice Lee raised her eyebrow in confusion. Why the sudden change of pace? \" Well done, Miss James. You passed. When are you prepared to start work?\" Ah, so that was it. It was all a test. This made more sense. \" I am ready to start today, Mr. Poltz,\" she answered back cheerfully, \"I'm willing to start at this very moment.\" \" We also supply lodging for our employees, for a small fee, of course,\" Jamison continued, \"We understand that living situations can be tough here in Hollywood, so there is a room waiting for you, if you choose to take it.\" Alice Lee nodded. Her interviewer stood and she did as well. After shaking hands, he presented her with a key and called for the drab secretary. As for the rest, you could say it was history. ….. ….. Victor McConnell scratched his head in irritation. He hated the early mornings. He hated rising early from his warm covers and trudging along the long corridor to the washroom. If he was lucky, he would beat the other seven bellhops that lived in the hotel to the toilet. Every morning he would unconsciously look for her. It was like trying to find a single hair in a haystack. It was if the Hotel had swallowed her and hidden her deep inside where he could not speak to her. By now he had learned her name; she was the talk of some of the other bellhops. It wasn't often a new girl would come in so she was something like a rare bird. Victor grumbled to himself. What did he ever hope to achieve by finding her? It wasn't like he even knew the first thing about her. As the universe would have it, speak of the devil and she shall appear. She stood, only a few paces down the hallway, clothed in half of her uniform. Her dress was nowhere in sight and her blouse was neatly tucked into her pants. The girl still seemed only half awake. The pale red light of morning slipped through the window, illuminating her peaceful expression. Victor didn't dare move; he scarcely dared to exhale. It was as if she were a doe, waiting to be startled. Perhaps if he just moved slowly and spoke softly she would- \"ALICE LEE!\" ….. ….. Alice Lee jumped at the sound of her name. Her wistful thoughts of home and her future disappeared in a flash as a rather burly woman stalked towards her. \"Get yer head out o' the clouds before yer miss breakfast!\" the woman bellowed before smiling at the surprised girl. Alice Lee squinted at her. It was too early to be hollering her name down the corridor. \"Stop yelling,\" she groaned, \"I'm awake!\" Marana Veloppe had been Alice Lee's guide to the Hotel as instructed by Jamison Poltz. The New Yorker was much older than the new hire and knew the Hotel better than anyone. Marana was married to the head chef in the kitchens and had worked at this venue for ten years. She was a jolly woman, with dark, greying hair left in a loose ponytail around her shoulders. As friendly as she looked, Marana could have a mouth on her. Mrs. Veloppe shook her head and in a few steps, closed the gap between herself and Alice. \"If you don't hurry yer ass up all that's left will be ah bit of toast an' egg!\" Marana exclaimed, \"Mr. Veloppe can't hold your blackberry jam forever.\" The younger woman simply laughed and allowed herself to be hustled in the direction of the kitchen. The sound of shuffling came from the shadows and Alice glanced back. She could just make out the figure of a towering man. He was half bathed in shadow as he stood at the very window she had just left. The man was already in full uniform, minus the hat. One of his enormous hands was shoved into his pants pocket while the other fiddled with his collar. She stopped in mid step as she recognized who it was. It could only be one person after all! The bellhop that she had somehow never actually spoken to in the two weeks she had worked at the Hollywood Tower Hotel. She had seen him in passing as he would lug the heavy baggage to the elevators. Maybe now she would talk to him, have his voice directed at her. Maybe now they could finally introduce themselves. Her thoughts where interrupted by Marana nearly yanking her arm out of her socket as she dragged the smaller girl towards the staff kitchen. Maybe some other time then. ….. ….. Next time on A Different Kind Of Introduction \"Everyone wants to be a star here,\" Marshal spat acidly, \"You are nothing new.\"[Chapter 3] Chapter Three is here! I'm kind of proud of this chap because it's TWICE as long as the others! It's the longest thing I've ever written so I hope it's not dragging too much. Tell me what you think! I live for your reviews and remember... Reviews = more chaps ... ... ... Victor woke, like he always did, an hour before dawn. He had been employed at the Hollywood Tower Hotel for so long that his body clock had synced perfectly for when he had to wake up. He basked in the warmth of his covers for one final moment before he forced himself to arise. In the room next door, he could tell that the Hotel chef, Bastell Veloppe, was already awake by the sound scratchy jazz music drifting through the thin walls. The giant shook his head in amusement before he wrapped an extra large towel around his waist. It was bathing day. He grabbed a scrap of soap from his wardrobe and hurried along the corridor. With a bit of luck, he could have heated the water, bathed and still have time for his morning walk around the Hotel gardens. If he was made to be up this early, he might as well enjoy a little tranquil beauty before hitting the ground running. The water was, at best, a bit warmer than room temperature. Victor braced himself as he threw another bucket of water over his head. Already he felt more awake as the bathwater deposited itself back into the tub he was standing in. He had never been one for the newer 'running water' showers that they had here. He had always preferred the old-fashioned bucket and tub. As soon as he had finished scrubbing off all the access soap from his body, the mountain of a man stepped nimbly from the tub and began to towel dry his hair. He tied the towel back around his waist and scurried back to his room. … … The air was fresh today as he opened the door to the famous gardens. A morning dove cooed in the trees above as the leaves rustled under the weight of tiny foraging animals. Victor let himself sink onto one of the marble benches. The sun was beginning to trickle through the foliage and cast shadowy patterns on the pavement. The giant smiled softly and enjoyed the moment. Soon the grounds would be bustling with the wealthy and he would be cooped up inside with– \"You come out here in the morning too? I would have never guessed.\" Victor nearly jumped out of his skin at the twinkling voice. His head whipped around and to his surprise, saw none other than the newest bellhop perched in the low hanging branches of a tree just three paces to his right. She was wearing a billowing pair of dark trousers held up with a leather belt and a slightly oversized deep purple blouse. She seemed to be right at home, kicking her legs over the tree branch and picking absent mindedly at a bit of bark stuck on said pants. Victor recovered from his initial shock of being startled and cleared his throat. \"I did not realize anyone else got up this early,\" he mused. \"Some of us like to greet the sun more than others, I suppose,\" came her response. There was a thump as she leapt from the branch and landed on the dewy lawn. \"I don't think we've properly met. Alice Lee James,\" she continued as she gave a cute little bow. \"I know,\" the gigantic man laughed back, \"Victor McConnell.\" \"I know,\" she bantered, \"You're the man that can bang his head on the doorframes.\" Victor only laughed harder. It was good to see a girl with a good sense of humor. \"I've learned to dodge most of them, but every so often one just comes out of nowhere and gives me a nice welt.\" \"But to see the world from a high perspective, it must be remarkable.\" \"It's remarkable to watch people trying to see your face. The way they take a step back and squint…\" \"I feel like a bug whenever I stand near you,\" she giggled, \"Like I'm going to get squashed at any moment.\" \"I don't squash ladybugs like you,\" Victor winked, \"So you're safe.\" She smiled wider and crossed her arms over her chest. It was at that moment the looming bellhop noticed a small red splotch on the top of her exposed hand. \"You're bleeding,\" he pointed out, \"Right there.\" Alice Lee looked down at her hand and noticed the blood as well. \"I guess I am, huh.\" \"Must have been from climbing that tree.\" \"You know, I think it might be,\" she pondered. \"May I?\" The giant reached out his hand to take a look at her cut but the girl quickly hid her hand behind her back. Her posture stiffened slightly, very discreetly so, but Victor noticed right away. It was a gesture he often received from females. He rearranged his face into a look of pleasant worry as he tried to hide how crestfallen he actually was. So this one is no different after all. Alice Lee smiled and with her other naked hand, brushed a bit more of the clinging dirt from the tree from her pants. \"I'm fine, Victor. It's not a serious injury. I'd best go wash this right away,\" she reassured him, \"I have bandages upstairs…\" Her voice trailed off slightly before bouncing back with a blinding smile. \"I'll see you later then.\" \"I'll look forward to it,\" Victor replied, \"Let me know if you need any aid.\" She smiled at his words before turning on the garden path and disappearing down the lane. … … His first party of the day was a well-known actor. It was laughable how short he actually was. If only half the ladies that fell for his hammed up performances knew this, victor reckoned, then they might think twice about falling at his feet. As Victor tuned out the idle Hollywood gossip, he thought back to his strange little encounter with the newest bellhop. At least we finally spoke , he thought, instead of dancing around each other like two blushing children. But now I know she's not that different from the rest. He flashed back to her pulling her hand away. Everyone reacted like that. It was as if they were afraid he would crush them under his mighty fists. Even some of the Hotel guests looked at him in worry as if they were waiting for him to tear the handles off their trunks and luggage. They were looks he had come to expect but still hadn't grown entirely accustomed to. Although he was saddened by her initial fear, Victor vowed he was not about to give up. There was just something about her. Maybe it was her sweet smile or the way she seemed to dance around the lobby. It was like she had put some sort of spell on him within a few short weeks. … … The lobby was virtually deserted at this early hour of the morning. Alice Lee stood near the staff doorway off to the side of the front desk. She brushed a stray strand of hair back behind her ear. It had been an effort to look impeccable today. Her brass buttons shined, her dress was neatly pressed and refreshed and there was now not a strand of hair out of place. Even her makeup decided to cooperate. But for all the pomp and circumstance, she could feel her mind wandering. She felt ashamed at her reaction to Victor's concern in the garden. It wasn't like he was going to spit shine her hand or anything. He was just being sweet and sympathetic and downright charming… Alice Lee could feel a blush spreading across her cheeks as she remembered the way his blue eyes shone with merriment as they traded jokes. A real smile had crossed his face, it was so different then the forced one he put on as he hulled luggage. It was like he had let her in on his private world and Alice Lee wanted to be a part of it. Oh hush, child! You're getting in way to deep here , she thought, listen to you, already carrying on about some big man in a coat. Do you have no shame? \"Oi! New girl! Watch where yer walkin'!\" The unexpected shout startled Alice Lee out of her thoughts. She shook her head and directly in front of her was a shorter bellhop with long black hair. She had very distinct facial features and looked like she had enough guts to knock a grown man off his feet. She crossed her arms and raised an eyebrow. \"Aren't yer going to say somethin', new girl?\" \"Oh leave her alone, Kelsa,\" came a high-pitched voice, \"It's her first day way from Ma Marana.\" A pretty woman with cascading straw colored hair and a dazzling smile appeared next to the two bellhops. \"I'm Leslie and the grumpy one here is Karla. You must be Alice Lee.\" The ladies shook hands. \"So… Any tips to share with the new girl?\" the new bellhop asked sheepishly. \"Chin up, sweet smile, make quick work of them bags an hustle for yer tip,\" came the flat answer from the littlest bellhop. \"Watch out for Poltz,\" Leslie cautioned, \"He may seem like the butterfly's boots now but he picks fights with just about everyone.\" \"He's a real piker,\" Kelsa chimed in, \"Throwing his weight 'round just to scare 'em into silence. He makes this place 'ell sometimes.\" \"You're going to be his new favorite, since you're a fresh face. You don't know a thing about him so he's going to see just how much he can get away with before you snap. Just remember to stand your ground and keep your legs crossed.\" \"Kelsa, your uniform is drooping. You need to be refitted,\" an oily voice purred, \"Leslie, I can see your hair pins and you are missing one of your top buttons. Fix them next time you get a moment alone.\" \"Speak of the devil an he will appear,\" Kelsa muttered under her breath. Jamison Poltz turned to Alice Lee and smirked slyly. \"And Miss James! Why, you look perfect today. That lip rouge makes you look much more delectable.\" Okay, so maybe him being a creep during my interview wasn't a test after all… \"I wonder how fast it will smear today, dollface,\" as he tapped his lips suggestively and snaked an arm around her, \"I, for one, would say you'd last two minutes with me. So how about it? Start you day out with a little excitement.\" Alice Lee knew she should respond and stand her ground like the other bellhops had warned her to. Their eyes were trained on her and Poltz's sallow face. If she didn't stand up to him now, there was no telling what he could get away with. But instead of putting her foot down, the bellhop stood stock still as if she had been electrocuted. All she could feel was his warm hand resting on the small of her back. Alice Lee tried to calm herself down. If she didn't get out of this situation soon she'd… \"I recommend you step away from your female staff,\" came a voice from behind. The supervisor's head whipped around so fast Alice Lee could have sworn it was going to fly off. Behind them stood the tallest bellhop at the Hotel. He did not look pleased and had heard the tale end of the conversation. The giant had recognized the look on Alice's face and came thumping over as quickly as he could. Now he was looking at Poltz like a chef would a rat. \"As I recall, these ladies did not ask for your presence or your… suggestions.\" \"What the hell is he doing?\" Leslie whispered, \"He's going to get thrown out!\" The two men were locked in a stare down. \"You don't scare me, Jamison. All you do is puff out your feathers to scare those better than you, but you know what? At the end of the day, you are still just a little man in a stuffed suit.\" Poltz looked livid. His face was almost as red as his hair and his nostrils flared. He had to crane his neck up to see the giant's face but still there was no doubt Victor was in for it. Alice Lee didn't know if she should be absolutely terrified or laughing at the absurdity of the situation. \"What did you just say to me?\" Jamison growled, \"Watch your words, McConnell.\" \"You are a bully and I will not stand for you or anyone else pestering them. Leave. Them. Alone.\" And with that final word hanging in the air, Victor turned on his heel and lumbered away. Jamison Poltz gave one last look at the three other bellhops before sulking off to deal with an incoming patron. As soon as Poltz was out of sight, the women rushed after Victor. \"What the 'ell where you thinking!\" Kelsa hissed, \"You don't want ta make ah worse enemy out of 'em! Yer know what he did last time. He took all yer tips for ah month because he claimed yer 'broke ah costly vase'.\" Alice Lee gasped and looked up at Victor. He shrugged unapologetically. \"Don't worry; it was all a sham,\" Kelsa laughed, \"Ol' Poltz doesn't like anyone messing around with his ways.\" \"It's not right but we can't do nothing about it,\" Leslie voiced, \"We're at his mercy. Not the most ideal situation, but it's so hard to get a honest job in this town.\" The pretty copper bellhop clenched her fists. Victor noticed her shrinking posture and downcast face and decided enough was enough. He shook his head at the women and opened the staff door once more. \"Stop gossiping like old ladies. It won't help you work. Go on now. Do your jobs.\" He looked down at Alice lee and cleared his throat. She turned her face to look up at him. \"Don't let them scare you. I know you will be all right. Just keep smiling.\" Alice Lee beamed at his kind words and stepped past him to the open lobby. He was right, of course. Today was the day she had to prove herself. She took a deep breath and went to greet her first hotel guests. ….. ….. ….. Next time on A Different Kind Of Introduction \"What's in your hands, doll?\" [_] drawled, \"Something special?\" ","Summary":" Hi guys! This is fanfiction for two bellhops at the tower of terror. I saw the two together the las"},{"Movie":"Behind Enemy Lines","Title":"The Sorrow of the World Cannot Add Up to Now","Author":"KrystalBlaze - Jerikor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1052998","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yes, people probably another worthless fic, but hell, my muse won't go awaynand I'm driving myself absolutely crazy. This is my first fic in this genre, if you don't know, my first movie one.nI saw the movie and decided it was one of the best things to happen to thenworld since the invention of the wheel. Can't figure out why, but I lovednit. Disclaimer: I don't own anything used in this fic! At all! Even though I'm in the Navy JROTC (Navy Junior Reserve Officer TrainingnCorps) at my school, I'm not that well versed in my military and navalnhistory and jets and stuff. I'm only a seaman and first year cadet! SonI'm sorry to all you military people out there. I try. So I give you the first fic I have of \"Behind Enemy Lines.\" The Sorrow in the World Cannot Add Up to Now The Jell-O on my plate was fresh. I have to admit, you don't get freshnJell-O that often. And when you do, you usually don't have to time tonproperly enjoy the blessing that you have been given. But the gods hadndecided to be good this day and I looked across the table at Lt. Stackhousenin bliss. \"Good Jell-O,\" I said, pronouncing my words as if I was a child. \"GoodnJell-O.\" \"Knock it off, Chris,\" Stackhouse replied, his words playfully stern. \"Younaren't serving the Navy in a way a naval officer should.\" \"Shut up, Stack,\" I said, piling the food in my mouth, now only hunger innmy mind. \"So what are you Navy boys doing?\" said a pleasantly amused voice. Inlooked over my shoulder. Rodway, the High and Mighty Marine, saunterednover, confidence in his every move. I growled in my throat a little andnwent back to my Jell-O. \"Do any dangerous stuff lately?\" \"Shut up, Rod,\" Stackhouse said, his mouth full of food. \"You're full ofnyourself.\" \"Seems you are,\" Rodway answered, his dark eyes pointed directly atnStackhouse's laden mouth. \"So have you done anything lately?\" \"Well,\" I said in a sarcastic tone. \"I'm eating Jell-O . . . he's wipingnhis hands.\" They exchanged looks plainly, but I continued on as if theynwere nothing. \"I mean, you can't do anything more than this!\" I shook thentable. \"I mean, we're supposed to be doing something here. We're sittingnon our asses, eating our freshly made Jell-O. You write home and how arenyou supposed to describe you're actually doing something? You're fightingnfor someone today and the enemies the next. For one thing, I ain't doingnanything. I'm stuck here, eating Jell-O.\" \"At least you get to fly,\" interjected Stackhouse emphatically. \"Watchnyourself, Burnett.\" \"I mean,\" I clambered on. \"Just look at it! Nothing! Nothing at all!nIt's infuriating.\" \"Check out those guys,\" said Stackhouse, in a last ditch attempt to divertnme from my primary focus. I turned my head. A crowd had gathered in a circle around two guys, onenMarine, one Navy. They were engaged in a war of push-ups, typicallynrivalries on the USS Carl Vinson. \"Look at that!\" I exploded. \"Look at it! Nothing worth anything!\" Our country, the grand United States of America, was engaged in protectingncountries. I had joined the Navy to help. Now I was just sitting on mynass. It was totally annoying, especially being with Marines, Navy andnCoast Guard people, not to mention Army guys dropped off at times. It wasnquietly disheartening and I wanted out. \"Lt. Burnett!\" I looked up, surprised. Master Chief O'Mally stood in the doorway of the mess hall, peering down onnme imposingly. \"Admiral Reigart commands your presence.\" I stood up and smiled down at Stackhouse and Rodway. \"See you in hell,\" Insaid and went after O'Mally. Damn, the gods had started off good, but now my good Jell-O sat uneaten onnmy plate. What a nice way to start a day. \"I hold your letter,\" said Reigart, his broad voice filling the cabin. \"Itnseems you wish to . . . withdraw from the Navy, am I correct?\" \"Yes, sir,\" I replied, waves breaking inside of me. \"I believe it's timenfor me to move on, sir.\" \"Move on?\" barked Reigart sarcastically. \"Move on to what? Flying an airnbus full of civilians?\" \"Well, sir, if that's what calls me,\" I said tensely. \"Son, do you have any idea what you are doing? I remember when you came onnboard. Bright, young, extremely smart. But now you want to withdraw.\"nHis voice was brimming with anger. \"You have given me a reason why, but Indon't like it.\" \"Sir,\" I said, my eyes burning. \"I've given the Navy seven good years. Inthink I've served my country, sir.\" \"You don't know a goddamn thing about serving your country,\" he spat, hisnwrinkled face jutting up. \"Sir, people around here run around like we're at war or something,\" Insaid, equally as angry. \"I mean, war isn't supposed to-\" \"You don't know a goddamn thing about war either!\" he snarled. I stoppednspeaking as he stood up, his old body shaking with anger. \"You haven'tnseen your enemy fire at you, or the people you are sworn to protect die innfront of your eyes, innocent civilians caught in enemy fire! You haven'tnslept in a foxhole or watched your men die in front of your eyes. So untilnyou've been in war, don't you goddamn speak to me about it!\" He was staring at me like I was supposed to have an answer. I didn'tnreply. \"You have two weeks left on this tour,\" he said, his voice burnt. \"Inexpect you to behave with behavior befitting of a naval officer. Untilnthen, I will carry your letter with me and think about what you have saidnand haven't. Dismissed, Lieutenant.\" I stared at him for an instant. How dare he tell me what to do? How darenhe, goddamn him, I wanted out! I did an about-face and stormed from the cabin. \"We're so proud of you,\" my father told me, his voice swelled more than Inever heard it. \"Yeah, Dad, I love you. Bye.\" I hung up the phone and cast my gaze to thenboard sitting on the other side of the hall. I went toward it, squintingnas I read what the seaman recruit had written: Stackhouse/Burnett \"Damn it!\" I cursed as Stackhouse came up behind me. \"They have us flyingnholiday mission! Man, they don't like us.\" \"Not us,\" Stackhouse corrected as I turned to face him. \"Not us, you.nYou, Chris.\" He smirked at me and motioned. \"Come on, Burnett, let's gonget ready and miss the one decent meal of the year.\" \"Damn you,\" I replied and followed him. Reigart is a fool, I told myself, staring at the trees fluffed with snownstreaming by underneath us. I've done everything I set out to do and now Inwant nothing more to do with the military. I do nothing here and theyndon't need me. I'm just one navigator with nothing and they need me. Damnnthem all. \"Damn\" seemed to be my favorite word today. \"And look at the lovely lake,\" said Stackhouse, drawing me from my revere.n\"And kudos goes out to lovely American taxpayers for their millions ofnwasted dollars for fuel for this damn Hornet.\" The country of the Bosnianlay below it. It was a beautiful, rough country, but war was tearing itnapart, and the United States military was supposed to be protecting it. Ofncourse, we just sat most of the time. \"Good job, Stack, now you're getting into it,\" I said, watching the scopencarefully. \"But try to relax a bit. Make it seem natural.\" A green lightnwas flickering on the highly electronic scope. It showed me positions ofneverything and movements of people with firepower. Nothing was supposed tonbe out here.n\"Stack, there's something up on that ridge over there.\" \"You sure?\" he asked, doubtfully. \"Scope dosen't lie, bud,\" I told him, craning my neck to try and see thenthrough the dense trees. \"Probably just some natives screwing around,\" he told me. \"It's off ournrange, anyway. We're not supposed to fly over there. This is strictlynreconnaissance.\" \"C'mon, Stack,\" I coaxed. \"It'll give us a chance to try our shiny newndigital camera.\" \"Why do I listen to you?\" he said, his voice pitiful. \"Because you love me,\" I cooed. \"Fuck you, Burnett.\" He angled the plane towards the ridge. \"So violent, young one,\" I told him. \"So, so violent, young one. So-\" The plane tipped sharply down. \"Stack!\" \"Shut up,\" he said, almost lazily as we sped over the forest of trees.n\"You're getting on my nerves. \"Damn you.\" My favorite word again came into play. We zoomed over anclearing. Tanks and men dominated the scene as I switched on the camera. I couldnbarely see, but I wondered. It was probably just rebels. \"Say hello boys,\" Stack said. \"You're on TV.\" \"It's a camera, gumball brain.\" \"Gumball brain? Are you calling me a gumball brain?\" He went sideways,ngiving the camera full view of the rough terrain as we sped by in differentncourses. \"Very original, did you think of that one yourself?\" \"No, my mother told it to me. I was an unloved child.\" \"Damn straight. The effects are obvious.\" \"Is it showing? The therapist told me I might never be the same. I'm suchna poor boy.\" \"I wouldn't say that. We get supplied decently from the Navy. It's notnmuch, but it's good, and we get to see the world.\" \"Shut it, Stackhouse,\" I told him, aware of what he was doing. \"C'mon, Chris,\" he said, his voice urgent. \"Where else are you gonna getnto do this? Where? Not flying some damn airplane for the damn President!\" \"Listen, rock stars need their people too! Richie Valens was pure talentnand Navy pilots wouldn't have gotten him killed!\" \"Burnett, listen to yourself! You're absolutely crazy!\" An alarm began to sound. \"Holy shit, we're being aimed!' \"What?\" Stackhouse yelped, turning the F-18 into a wild roll. \"We're being aimed at!\" I furiously punched in some keys. \"It's anmissile! We're being aimed at by a missile!\" \"I can see that!\" roared Stackhouse as he continued to move the F-18nwildly. \"I'm trying, I'm trying!\" I looked out the top of the Hornet. I could see the sleek missile slidingntowards us, gaining on us. \"One hundred yards, Stack! MOVE!\" \"I'm trying!\" he yelled again. Another alarm began to blare. \"Another one!' I shouted, unable to keep it in. Fear began to claw at me.nWho would be aiming at us? Not the people in the mountains, only thengovernment had that type of power! Whose country was this, goddamn it, Incouldn't even remember! \"STACK!\" \"I'm working on it!\" \"Pull up!\" \"Too much weight!\" \"Dodge!\" A missile zoomed by us. \"Drop the fuel tanks, Stack! Dropnthem!\" \"Engaging!\" Two tanks went flying off into the snowy mountains. \"Repercussion!\" I shouted. \"Pull up!\" Stackhouse yanked the plane into ansteep uphill climb. The tanks, propelled by the pressure, exploded. I watched the scope for the missiles. It was too fuzzy to read and Inlooked behind the F-18. One missile slammed into the steaming pile ofnsmoke and ash. \"Straight into the fireball!\" I yelled. \"One more left!\" Stackhouse jerked the plane around. \"NO!\" \"Fifty yards!\" I screamed. \"Fifty yards! STACKHOUSE!\" \"We're gonna get hit!\" he screamed back. I looked back and stared. Thensteely face of the missile glared back, its cloud of fire and smokenbillowing behind it like a tail. \"Turn!\" I roared. He yanked it around. The missile slammed into our tail. \"NOOO!\" I could fell air pulling at me, rushing at me, heat licking at my back. NO NO NO NO! We were going to die! I was going to die! NO! I frantically pressed buttons, anything to stop this freefall. I ejected. I haven't explained yet, so I will. This is totally like the movie, thenway I think it should have been instead of the way it was. T he movie leftna lot of unexplained answers and feelings and that's why I'm writing this,nto give closure to myself. Extremely poetic and stupid, but hey, sue me. I'm sorry if you don't likenor think it's fake, but hey, again, this is the way I wanted to do it.nThanx. I'd really like it if you'd review![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I own nothing, until I state otherwise. If I do, than thenthings I state to own belong solely to me! Special thank you to Jen, the first person in the green earth to review mynfic, and also the only one to review it as well (rolls eyes at thenpitifully stupid). So thanks, Jen, you have made my week so nice! Well, kudos also to Erin who's been emailing me about my story. Thanks fornthe comments! Also, the Bosnians are going to speak . . . whatever language they speak.nGerman's pretty close to English and they didn't sound like they werenspeaking English in the movie, so I think this is Russian. So I'm gonnancall it Russian. If it's not, I feel terrible, but please tell me. Backnto my point. Since I don't know Russian, I can't write it in Russian, younfollow? So I'm going to write it in English, but I'll indicate in thenstory when it's supposed to be Russian, okay? So now that that's settled. And another thing (I know you're getting tired, but I need to explainnthings). I'm not quite sure of the names of the Serbians. I know the headnguy's name is Lokar, the tracker is Sasha, but I'm not quite sure of thenother guy, the guy that dosen't like Sasha but goes with him to track Chrisnanyway. I give him a name, but I'll let you get there when you get there.nIf you got his name, I want it, please. And another thing (this is the last!). Stackhouse's first name is Jeremy,nit was on the Superhornet they took off in at the beginning. I don't thinknI use it, but if I do, now you know who he is. So finally I am done! Here you are, Jen, the next chapter! Chapter Two At the End of Everything The wind whipped by me in a whirl that I could barely see through.nStackhouse was below me, careening in a crazy spiral that I knew was morendangerous than my own. The world below him went by in an unreadable map, anhigh, cold, dry plateau of green, white, and brown. My life wasn'tnflashing before my eyes; it was the country that I had sworn to protectnthat had shot me down. I surveyed the country before me as I drifted down, the icy wind givingnwings to my parachute. I released my ejection seat and it crashed down atnan alarming pace into a lake of ice. The crash seemed magnified to my earsnas it stuck deep into the lake. Poor seat. The lake was stationed on a high, rocky cliff. The cliff jutted out into anrounded corner with a statue placed on the lip of it. A statue of an angel-n or whatever the hell it was- was beautifully smooth. My mother would havenfound it simply ravishing. Of course, I wasn't my mother. I had to admirenits intricate artwork, the time and work that must have gone into itsnmaking. The face was gentle and welcoming. I drifted past it at a swift pace. As I went past, I angled my head back. As I saw it, I shuddered violently with a force I didn't know, had nevernknown in my life. One side of the face was smooth and beautiful, a mother asking for a hugnfrom her child. The other side was a jagged scar where a face should have been, a darkenedncave of nothing but exploded stone. I could think of only one name for the emotion that shook my body andnerased the thoughts for my mind. The name of that feeling was fear. The trees rushed up at me at a blinding speed. I was going to fast and wasntoo far away from the field that Stackhouse had landed in. Instead, deadntrees loomed before me, there spindly branches like beckoning arms. Inyelled as I crashed into them. Claws tore at me as I slammed through them, drawing red lines in my facenand hands. I came to a jerking halt as my 'chute caught in the trees. The air wasnknocked from my lungs. Panting, I looked down. The ground was good tennfeet away from me. \"Damn it,\" I cursed to myself, snarling. I fumbled with the buckles of then'chute frantically. They came unclasped finally and I fell the rest of thenway to the ground. \"Damn it!\" I yelled as I hit the forest floor. Damn this pain. I jumpednto my feet, gritting my teeth and tearing away my flight helmet. Inwouldn't need it. I needed to find Stackhouse, that's what I needed to do. I ran through the trees, catching sight of a plain of green through thencrinkled branches. Blood seeped down my face and I felt my head as I ran.nIt was a shallow cut, but it was bleeding like I had hit an artery. Damnnit. Stackhouse's parachute came into view as I broke through the line of trees.n \"Stackhouse!\" I hollered as I raced towards him. \"Stack! Stackhouse!\"nThrough the tall weeds I ran. Where was he? Oh God, he was hurt. Henshould have been up and running too. \"Stack!\" \"Burnett!\" I felt relief sweep through me. At least he wasn't dead. I reached the small patch of clear grass in the next second. \"Stack!\" Henwas lying on the ground, looking up at me. His 'chute lay spread outnbehind him, but he had unstrapped the buckles. I looked him over up andndown. \"You okay?\" I asked him, panting. \"Yeah, you? Where's your 'chute?\" he asked, wincing. \"Stuck in a tree,\" I told him, bending down next to him. \"Your hurt.nWhere?\" \"My leg,\" he said, motioning. \"I didn't eject right away and the planenstarted burning. Don't worry though, it's not too bad.\" \"Let me take away the leg and clean it,\" I said, starting to work. \"My leg?\" he said, alarmed. \"The pant leg, stupid.\" \"Oh sorry.\" He started looked around at the desolate landscape. \"So wherenare we, mister navigator man?\" \"In the middle of Mesovich, it seems,\" I said, also looking around. \"You think it's hostile?\" I wrapped a clean piece of cloth around his burn and stood up. \"We're notngoing to be around long enough to find out,\" I told him and started to takenout my radio. \"Already tried it,\" he said, sounding depressed. \"You have to get to thosenhills.\" He indicated with his head. \"You mean I gotta walk up there?\" \"Use your superior sense of direction, mister navigator man,\" he said,njoking. \"Just get us the hell out of here before someone finds us.\" \"Yeah, okay. Reigart's going to be pissed we lost his bird, though.\" \"You can say that again,\" Stackhouse whistled. \"Well, get going.\" \"Sit tight.\" I started off. \"Don't move.\" \"Fucking funny, Chris,\" he snickered. He quieted suddenly. \"Chris, Inshould have dodged the second missile.\" I stopped for an instant. He was trying to blame himself. No, it wasn't his fault. I was the one trying to take us of the photonrecon mission. But he needed some humor, not an apology. \"Yeah, you're right,\" I said wickedly. \"You're losing your edge, man.\"nHis flight helmet came flying at me. \"See you in a few!\" \"A few!\" I started running towards the hill. Lokar was waiting impatiently for his phone call as the soldier burstnthrough his door and started to speak in Russian. \"They're downed, sir,\" the soldier said. \"Sasha's group has got them.\" \"Captured them?\" his second in command, Belzor, asked. The Serbian military leader looked at the soldier intently. \"No,\" the soldier stammered. \"But they're on the way.\" Just then his cell phone rang. Lokar answered it with a quick word. \"We have their position and are waiting. We found the plane.\" Lokar stopped. \"We're they flying recon?\" he asked. \"I'm not sure,\" replied his best tracker. \"We haven't found a camera yet,nbut we're looking. Are you coming?\" \"Yes, I'm coming. Meet me at the bunker.\" He snapped his phone shut and cast his gaze to Belzor. \"Come, Belzor.nThey know where they are. Let's go get them.\" Stackhouse heard them before he saw them. He turned his head to the hill behind his fallen body. Rifle shots werenfired into the air, the sounds of men close behind. He squinted, his heartnpounding so loud he thought that it would burst from his chest. Fearngripped him, a fear he had not felt for a long time. From the edge of the hill, a tip of a tank appeared. A man appeared. Thenmuzzle of a rifle appeared. Stackhouse moved back frantically. These weren't American soldiers. Henwasn't even sure they were soldiers at all. From behind the first wavencame a second, then a third, then a fourth, then more than he could keepntrack of. The men were marching down before the tanks, in disorganizedngroups that looked more like a mob than an army or company. He touched his gun, then agitatedly looked through the maze of trees of hisneast. He couldn't spot Burnett anywhere. At least Chris was out of harm'snway. He touched his gun briefly. No. Any hostile movement and they might shootnhim. Suddenly they were around him, moving in a circle around him, surroundingnhim, guns being cocked and pointed at him. A man stepped forward, his teeth rotted and his rifle being carried like antreasure. With an enraged smile, he rose his foot and stepped onnStackhouse's burn. Stackhouse winced in agony. His gun was stripped from him and then anothernstepped forward and kicked him. Suddenly the men stopped, halted by an authoritative voice in Russian.nStackhouse, his leg still burning in agony, looked up at a man staring downnat him. He wore the cap of a Bosnian military official, his rifle slungncasually over his solider. \"You on reconnaissance mission?\" the man asked in thick English. Stackhouse didn't reply. It would be better if he didn't speak. \"You take pictures?\" the man persisted. Still, Stackhouse didn't answer. The officer looked back at his men andnsaid something in Russian. The men started to snicker and laugh.nStackhouse lowered his head. \"You alone?\" the man asked roughly. For one moment, Stackhouse looked fleetingly at the hills. He couldn't seenChris. He looked back at the man before him. If they knew Chris was outnthere, they would find him and take him. \"Correct,\" he answered, holding his breath. The man peered at him purposefully, then hit him softly on the cheek beforenhe stood up. A flame of anger flared in him, but he didn't move. The officer barked at his men in Russian, then at one in particular. Theynexchanged words and his gun was given to the new man. Then the officernfollowed the other men as they started away from the spot. Maybe they were letting him go. Maybe they were giving him back. What didnthey need him for? He hadn't seen anything wrong. He had flown offncourse, sure, but it wasn't a good reason to keep him. Maybe they werenjust hotheads who liked bullying people. The second man came over to him and grunted something in Russian. He bentndown and put grabbed him by both arms. He started to pull on him. Stackhouse decided he was trying to pull him up and helped himself up,nleaning on the other man for support. When he was on his feet, the Serbnleft him there and move behind him. He started to look back, but didn't.nIt would be better if he didn't. Then he heard the cock of his gun and then everything for him went black. What the hell were they doing? Who the hell were they? The men had formed a ring around Stackhouse, but when the blue car pullednup, they made way for the three men that emerged from it. The binoculars Inheld were only so powerful. They were talking to Stackhouse, but Incouldn't hear or properly see them. Who were they? They looked like Serbs, but they could easily be rebelngroups. If that was the case . . . no, but wait, the cap was that of anBosnian military man. Suddenly they started to disperse around Stackhouse-all but one man. Thenother started away, away from the hills they had come over. The man wasnhelping Stackhouse to his feet, pulling him roughly. When Stackhouse gotnto his feet, the Serb left him there and stood in back of him, fiddlingnwith his gun. I realized what was going to happen as he rose the gun swiftly. \"NOOOOO!\" The boom echoed throughout the countryside. Stackhouse fell to the ground,ndead. The Serb who had shot him turned to look at the hills, hearing my scream. Stack was dead, Jeremy was dead, he was dead! They had shot him! The Serb started shouting in Russian to his other men. Stackhouse was dead! Guns started to fire upon the hills. Stackhouse was dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead! Bullets sprayed the ground below me. He was dead and now they were firing on me. Oh, God, what was happening? What had happened? I was an American, goddamn it, an American and they weren't supposed tonkill me! The bullets began to move closer. They weren't supposed to! It wasn't right! They weren't supposed to killnme! I leaped to my feet and started running away, the echo of the bullet thatnhad killed Stackhouse still in my mind. He was dead and now they were firing at me. God, why? Oh God, why?[Chapter 3] Thanks to Jen and BrokenLizard. A/N: the first two parts of this fic I was going really fast, because Inwanted to get into the meat of it. Now I'm going to slow down and explainnthings more. Okay? Get it, got it, good. Here is the next part of \"The Sorrow of the World Cannot Add Up to Now.\" Painted Red Chapter Three \"You've thrown a hell of a party, sir,\" Master Chief Tom O'Malley toldnAdmiral Leslie Reigart as they sat at the grand table, eating their foodnoff of the glass plates. \"We like Christmas,\" Reigart replied, nodding his head, his eyes castingnout at the soldiers in front of him. There were many at this time, allnhappy to be away from the monotone of everyday life aboard the ship. Atnthe top of that list would be Lt. Chris Burnett. He felt anger at the very thought. The boy was just that, a boy, and henacted like he knew everything in the whole damn world. What gave him thennerve to ask to be let out of the Navy? He didn't have any right. Sure,nthe life onboard might be the painfully the same everyday, and also boringndown to its very pure core, but it was necessary. It never ceased to amaze Reigart how extremely arrogant his men were ofnthat fact. The drills were made to keep the men on their toes, to keepnthem constantly alert and aware of what they had to do. It didn't matternif they weren't at war! Half the time in the world they weren't and war,nbut who the hell cared? War was something delicate and rugged at the samentime. It could be broken and started easily, and then the hardest thing innthe world to erase. The drills and training prepared men for that, madenthem what they were! What if a bomb suddenly dropped in the ocean at thatnvery moment? The damn drills and training would come into play then andnthere and save lives! How could somebody as naïve and green as Burnett tell him what to do? \"Sir.\" It was a man, leaning down to whisper in his ear. \"Sir, we've lostnan F-18 and need your assistance immediately.\" What? He looked up at the seaman apprentice in disbelief. \"Sir,\" the man said again, more urgently. \"I'm coming.\" He turned to O'Malley. \"Come on.\" He stood up and droppednhis fork with an angry clatter. How could they have lost an F-18? \"It's Arc Angel 0-6,\" said the apprentice as they hurried down the hallsntowards the main deck. \"Stackhouse and Burnett!\" Damn them! \"Goddamn it, I put them on holidaynmission! What the hell were they doing?\" \"What happened?\" O'Malley asked, alarmed. \"What about them?' \"They got shot down,\" Reigart growled as they reached the deck. \"Where?\" \"Sir,\" said a new man, an intelligence specialist. \"Come, I'll show younwhat happened.\" The man led them through the maze that was the main deck to a large glassncomputer screen. It showed a lay out of land, along with ocean and manynlines. \"This is Bosnia,\" the specialist said, pointing. A yellow line ziggednforward and across the land, back into the sea. \"That is the route ArcnAngel was supposed to take. Their actual course shows in red.\"nA red line appeared. It moved forward fluidly, staying on the yellow onenfor half the way, then suddenly arching into the Bosnian countryside. Andot began to blink by the yellow line. \"We lost radio contact here andnfrom whatever little data we can find, we think they were being painted.\" \"Painted?\" Riegart asked, shocked. \"By whom?\" \"We're not sure, sir. It could be anybody.\" The specialist started tontick off on his fingers. \"The rebels, the Serbs, some other out of statenmilitary force, a militia-\" \"I get the point,\" Riegart snarled, staring up at the glass screen. \"Havenyou tried contacting the radio?\" \"It dosen't work. Their probably too densely covered to get a good enoughnreception.\" \"That's all?\" Riegart felt a migraine begin to start behind his eyes. Ofnall the days, it had to be Christmas. What had happened? What could haventaken them off their flight path? \"Nothing right now, sir. If they ejected, we might be able to find thenhoming beacon on the ejection seat. It also could be cutting off theirnsignal. Would you like us to turn it off?\" \"No. Keep in on so we at least have some damn idea about where the hellnthey are.\" He turned to O'Malley. \"Contact Piquet and Donnelley,\" he toldnhim, naming the commanders of NATO forces. \"Tell them what's happened.nTell them there is a possible situation, but not to get too steamed and wenneed to wait.\" He started away, to his private quarters. \"No names,\" hensaid over his shoulder. \"Aye aye, sir,\" O'Malley replied and darted in front of him, hurriedlynwalking towards the bow of the ship. \"Tell me if anything comes up,\" Reigart told the spec. behind him. \"Gotnit?\" \"Yes, sir,\" the specialist answered smartly. \"Anything, sir.\" \"Good.\" Reigart stormed away from him and out of the bustling dark place.nQuestions, mindless, stupid questions went through his mind. If they hadnonly stayed on the damn flight path! It was stupid of them to fly from it.n It would violate the treaty! Admiral Piquet had recently created a treaty, a cease-fire treaty almost,nwith Bosnia. NATO forces were withdrawing from Bosnia now, with only fourndays left to go. The treaty stated that Bosnian militants and militarynwould not fire upon American troops, but only if the Americans agreed tonstay in restricted areas. Admiral Piquet had ordered Reigart to commandnhis pilots to stay on the agreed flight paths and trails. Reigart thought he had made it clear to all his pilots. Appearently, thatnwas not true for Stackhouse and Burnett. \"If only the damned fools had stayed on their flight path,\" he cursed as henapproached his quarters. \"They're going to get themselves killed.\" The bullets were thunking into the ground behind me, into the naked treesnon either side of me. I could hear the angry bursts of the guns as theynclicked off, hear the shouts and yells of the men behind me, chasing me. The wind whistled past my ears. The breath inside of my chest felt coldnand painful. And still, the bullets rained down behind. God, they had killed Stackhouse. God, they were trying to kill me. God,nthe sky was so gray, the trees so cold, the bullets behind me so firenfilled . . . They were falling behind me, their tanks slowed by the trees! The terrainnin front of me continued to be inhabited by trees! I just had to keepnrunning, just had to keep pumping my legs, keep breathing, keep ignoringnthe picture that was racing through my mind, the picture of Stackhouse,nstanding, the picture of Stackhouse, falling . . . My legs still moved and my chest still stung. But suddenly the trees in front of me were red. Sasha left the fallen American where he lay with blood streaming from hisnback and ran to where Lokar stood with his second-in-command, Bazda. \"Lokar,\" he spat in Russian. \"Let me go after the other American. Younwant this man dead and I can do it. Send me. Only me.\" \"That's ridiculous!\" Bazda said immediately. \"He's running alone. He'snscared and has nowhere to go. We'll catch him in good time.\" \"Hold your tongue!\" Sasha moved away from the man who competed with him tonbe Miroslav Lokar's second man. \"You don't know anything!\" \"Silence, both of you!\" Lokar glared furiously at them both. \"You bothnfind him. You work together. I want his head in two days!\" The militarynleader glanced at where the first American man still lay, blood stillntrickling from the bullet wound that Sasha had given him. He stared atnthat for a long while. \"Lokar,\" Bazda said, breaking the man out of his trance. \"No, we canncapture him. Do not let this . . . man find the American. He will killnhim and drown the body.\" Sasha stared at him in contempt, but said nothing. \"Stop arguing.\" Lokar finally looked at them both. \"You will get alongnand find him. Kill him and . . .\" his gaze went back to the bloodynAmerican. \"Bring me that one's body.\" \"Let it rot,\" Bazda snarled. \"Filthy American.\" \"They'll want his body back, you fool,\" Sasha snapped. \"I'll get it.\" \"Let it rot,\" Bazda said, looking at Lokar. \"Get it, Sasha.\" Lokar stared at Bazda, his eyes burning. \"You will notnfight this man, you will not! Now get over there and find that other one.\" Bazda wisely said nothing this time. Sasha looked at him superciliously, then started towards the American.nBazda hesitated, but another look from Lokar sent him scurrying after hisnrival, and now his partner. Lokar stared after them, then looked back to the fallen American. Something was not right, but there wasn't time for that now. He went afternhis captain and started to shout orders. The cliff face was high and rocky, its jagged edges thrusting out likendaggers. I had left the tanks and men far behind a few minutes ago. My chest wasnstill cold and painful, and now my ankle was hurting. I must have hadntripped over something when I had been fleeing the Serbs. It hurt to applyntoo much pressure, but there was nothing I could do about it. I took the radio out of my pouch and tried a frequency. \"Alpha Whiskey,nthis is Arc Angel 0-6, Alpha Whiskey this is Arc 0-6, over.\" There was a slight buzz. I felt panic sweep through me as my hands began to shake. \"Alpha Whiskey, this is Arc Angel 0-6, please reply!\" It buzzed louder. No. I looked up the rock face. This was my only way to contact the Carl Vinson. I needed to get to them.nI needed to get out of his country. I sucked in my breath and tried to look at this objectively. This wasn'tnme. I just had to get to the top. Nobody was chasing me and Stackhousenwasn't dead. But Stackhouse is dead and his killers are chasing me. No. He was not and this was one of the mountains that I had used to climbnback home in the States. Yes. That was the answer. I replaced the radio back into my pouch and tested my ankle. It held mynweight, but stung. No matter. I could make it. I gathered a hold on thencliff and started to climb up. \"Admiral Piquet is in a conference with Donnelley,\" O'Malley reported tonReigart inside his office. \"They cannot be disturbed and will get back tonus as soon as possible.\" \"That's good,\" said Reigart sarcastically, then looked out his window intonthe deep ocean. \"Any word from the plane?\" \"None yet,\" O'Malley answered, his voice dejected. \"Maybe they didn't makenit.\" \"Don't-\" \"Admiral!\" A crewmember burst into the office. \"Sir, we have a signal from Arc Angel,\" he panted. O'Malley looked atnReigart, speechless. \"Don't ever say that, O'Malley,\" Riegart advised, then went after the mannback to the main deck. He almost crashed into the man in front of him when he reached the deck.nLt. Chris Burnett's voice was around him, loud and cracked. \"What's wrong?\" he asked loudly. \"The homing beacon on the ejection seat is interfering,\" said one of thencontrollers. \"Shut it off,\" he said. \"Alpha Whiskey?\" I shook the radio. The voice had been faint and barelynthere, but it had been there. Now I heard a large amount of static, withnonly a monotone that sounded like a voice. \"Alpha Whiskey, this is ArcnAngel 0-6, over.\" \"Arc Angel, this is Alpha Whiskey.\" I almost stood up and shouted my joy so that it would echo from thenmountaintop down to the valley below and flood the country of Bosnia. \"Arc Angle, confirm a count,\" said a voice I now recognized as AdmiralnReigart's. I sat down very suddenly, very hard. My chest started to hurt again. I had climbed the mountain carelessly,nonly intent on getting to my destination. But now Stackhouse's death camenback to me. Now the fact his murderers were chasing me came back to me. \"0-6, confirm a count.\" \"One down, Stackhouse, they shot him.\" I lowered my head, tears welling innback of my eyes. \"No names over the net!\" There was a shaky pause. \"Recalculate andnrepeat.\" I took calming breaths. \"One down, confirmed. The Serbs . . . they . . .nthey killed my pilot.\" There was a long pause and when Reigart came back on again, he sounded likenhe didn't believe me. \"Calm down a minute, son. Are you saying annuniformed officer shot your pilot?\" Anger exploded with me, mingling with the tears in back of my eyes tonproduce nothing now but a suffocating steam. \"No, I'm saying they executednhim. I repeat, they executed him and now they're chasing me.\" \"Chasing you?\" \"Damn you, they killed him and now they're chasing me!\" \"Take it easy, take it easy. Consult your maps and check for thenrendezvous point.\" I blinked and opened the pocket on my pants and took out the map of thenBosnian country. He read out of some numbers and I found it. It wasn'tnfar, about five miles to my east. \"Maintain radio silence and will meet at 1500 hours,\" Reigart said, hisnvoice somehow more compassionate than I would ever think it could be.n\"Just get yourself to the RP, son.\" \"Over, out.\" I replaced the radio and stared out at the Bosnianncountryside. This was such a beautiful country. It had lovely scenery andnwas even lovelier in the spring. But now it was smothered in sickening red. It was dripping with tears andnbullet wounds and lost lives and blood. The air was sharp and painful, the cruelest winter wind. I looked down thenmountain that I just scaled up. I had to go back down now. This time Incouldn't run. This time I couldn't forget about my destination. This timenI had to think and use my tools and reach the RP. If only I hadn't taken Stackhouse away from the course. If only I hadn'tninsisted. Why wasn't I the one that had died? Why was Stackhouse that hadntaken the punishment for the havoc I had reaped? I looked once more about the ravaged Bosnian countryside. So colorful now. So colorful because now the countryside was draped withnnothing but red.[Chapter 4] Sorry this chapter took so long! My monitor blew out totally and I couldn't get on the computer for like a week. Luckily, it was only the monitor, and I didn't lose any of my stories. Whew. Thanks to all who've reviewed, especially Erin aka BrokenLizard. Thanks a bunch! And also to Betsy, who pointed out to me the Serbs speak Serbian. I looked it up on the internet and you are right, Betsy, my mistake, and from here on in, I'll say they are speaking Serbian. A/N: I've just finished reading \"Basher Five-Two\" by Air Force Captain Scott O'Grady. He is really a pilot who was shot down in Bosnia in 1995. I've learned a lot of facts from that book and that I have made a lot of stupid mistakes. I'll correct them, but mainly what I learned deals with the peace treaty. The peace treaty was to keep Serbians, Muslims, and Croatians from killing each other in Bosnia. NATO was assisting with the peace process and flying over a designated \"no-fly zone\" that was supposed to be free of any attacks. It was supposed to be a safe haven, sort of, and NATO named that mission Operation Deny Flight. It's not a treaty to withdraw NATO forces peacefully (well, it included that, but wasn't only that), like I said in previous chapters. Hate long author's notes! I'm sorry, but you should know what a stupid mistake I made. Chapter Four Deathtrap Admiral Leslie Reigart watched out the window towards the sea that was calmly and powerfully rushing by. He knew for a fact that below the ship, Captain Rodway was assembling a team of trained Marines to rescue Lt. Burnett. O'Malley was somewhere, probably still trying to reach Piquet and Donnelly. He needed their permission first, but he was certain they would give it. No man could be left to defend himself against the forces of heaven and hell, and Reigart had no doubt that those were the conditions that faced Burnett. The door knocked and he said quietly, \"Come.\" It opened. Reigart angled his head backward, then gaped as Admiral Juan-Miguel Piquet closed the door behind him firmly. Admiral Piquet was the Commander of NATO Sea forces. It was he who had concocted the delicate peace treaty and he who knew everything and anything in the Navy. \"Sir,\" Reigart started. \"Who ordered the mission?\" Piquet interrupted crudely. He stepped forward. Reigart cocked his head, taken aback. \"I did, sir. Who else would?\" \"I'm in the mood for speculating, Admiral. Call it off.\" \"What?\" \"Call it off, Leslie. Stand down.\" \"What are you talking about? We have a man down.\" \"I know the facts, Admiral. Stand down. \" Piquet's voice was laced with nothing less than expectance of total obedience. \"Admiral Piquet, I don't know what you're talking about, but we have an F-18 down in Bosnia and two pilots, one of them probably already dead. The navigator is on the run.\" He couldn't see Piquet's thread of logic. He had to be joking. The Navy did not leave men stranded in hostile territory, they did not. \"I'm not joking, Admiral.\" Now Piquet growled, his voice demanding. \"Call it off. Your men were off mission, weren't they?\" Reigart swallowed, then said hesitantly, \"Yes, but-\" \"The Serbs say it was renegade forces,\" Piquet stated, staring at his junior. \"Of course they're going to say that,\" spat Reigart. How could this man be telling him this? Piquet had always been an asshole, but usually he was reasonable. \"And can your man, Burnett, I believe, tell the difference between the uniforms of Croats, Serbs, and Muslims? Because I certainly can't, Reigart, and I've been here for five years.\" Piquet started to walk in a slow circle now, around Reigart. \"Stand down, Admiral, or I will do it for you. This will violate the treaty I have worked so hard for. Everything is in jeopardy as it is already. You tell your man to get out of there and get to the safe zone. He got himself into this, and he can get himself out.\" Reigart stepped forward, furious. \"Admiral, you have to understand-\" \"No, Leslie, you have to understand,\" Piquet snarled. \"One man is not going to disrupt this treaty or this peace process. Under your training, he is supposed to be capable. I don't know what the hell he was doing off mission, but he is not, I repeat, he is not going to injure the situation any more by having our forces go into Bosnia and rescue him.\" Riegart didn't speak. How could Piquet do this? \"And, Admiral,\" said Piquet as he started out the door, his eyes burning fire. \"Master Chief O'Malley has something for you that I was hoping to present personally, but given the gravity of the situation, I think he'll do it for me. Just don't use it to a negative extent, Admiral. Have a nice day.\" He closed the door behind him. Reigart stared down at the deck of the ship. Burnett was already headed toward the rally point. Rodway was below, recruiting a team of Marines. And here Piquet had come, ordering the mission off and everything scrubbed. Damn Piquet, damn the world, damn Burnett. Reigart grabbed his cover and went out his door, prepared to command Rodway to stop his mission, and prepared to contact Burnett. When I reached the bottom of the cliff, I realized how stupid it had been to climb up it. I had been wide in the open and painfully vulnerable to any Serbian sniper who would be happy to slam a bullet into my American body. What had they taught me in survival training? Was I really getting that terrible? I tucked myself into a thick cover of brush and made sure I was completely covered. I took the survival pack clipped to my hips and started to sort through what I had. I had about eight flexipacks of water. I consulted the tiny canvasses. I had maybe a quart in the tiny packs. It wouldn't last me long. I went through the rest: compass, map, cards, some rope, the basic pack. I reached the bottom and realized how ill equipped I was. The grind of the normal ship life had taken its toll. I was supposed to be prepared for anything in this wilderness, prepared to be shot down, prepared to be taken prisoner. I was supposed to have all my equipment ready and eager, everything in order and myself in a calm state of mind. I had none of those things. Damn myself and damn the whole world! I took deep, calming breaths. I had to think. I had to get to the RP by 3:00 this afternoon. I checked the digital watch clamped to my wrist. I had two hours to reach the RP. It wasn't much time. Why couldn't Reigart suspend the time? He knew it was dangerous to travel in daylight. Anything could happen during the day, one stray bullet could find its way towards me so easily . . . No. I threw my gear back into the kit and clipped it back to my hips. I had five miles to travel and I needed to be slow and precise in my movements. The Serbs were still looking for me, they had to be. They wouldn't give me up so easily. But why would they even want to kill me? Surely not for just violating the no-flight zone. They could get into more trouble than good if they did that. Surely they wouldn't kill Stackhouse just for that, either . . . I crept carefully out of my hole-up and rose cautiously through the thick thistle and leaves. It was quiet here. No noise came to my ears. There was no sound of gunfire, no sound of footsteps, no sound of tanks. I went forward to stand naked in the forest. Uneasily, I ran behind a tree, hugging next to it for all I was worth. I was so vulnerable and exposed here. The trees were sparse and thin, struck to death by the cold hand of winter. My survival training had taught me to stay always undercover, always in places where I could be easily concealed. Oh, so now my training was coming in? Where had it been when Stackhouse had been shot, when I had ejected from the plane? Where had it been when I had climbed the rock face up to communicate with my ship? Where- Enough questions! Oh, God, I was already driving myself crazy. I needed out of here, I needed out of here now.[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I own nothing. I want to know what you guys think about the way I'm writing it. If it's good, bad, in the middle. I just want to know. Is it going to fast? Should I make the chapters longer? Constructive criticism is always welcome, because I feel I'm under my usual par. Thanks anyway. Chapter Five Try To Breathe Every moment my feet touched the leafy ground, Stackhouse's image was in my mind. He was always falling, always in that never ending spiral that led to nowhere except death. He was always being shot, always being mangled, always falling. He never stopped falling. The trees in front of me were opening up, marking an open plain. No bullets had flown since I had started this suicide run. No mines had exploded, no bombs had fallen, no sniper had decided to take me out. Where was the effort, people? I was one man, on the run from mere hundreds, and they couldn't find me racing through this incredibly thin forest? Come on, man, where was the effort ? Maybe they couldn't see me. But the plain was in front of me now, its dead grass and stalks like a carpet to heaven. Yes, I'd be in one of the most exposed and vulnerable positions I could be in. They'd have to find me. One bullet and I'd join Stackhouse where I deserved to be and he didn't. But as I started across the open field, my mind started to wander. What am I doing? I can't do this. I'm not stupid. I have a family back home, a family who loves me and wants me back. I am an American soldier. I don't give up and kill myself. Just because Stackhouse died, does it mean I must join him and ease my conscious? Yes, another voice hissed, painfully. Yes, and I know it. It dosen't matter what others have done before me. They are not I and I am not they. They are alive, but the guilt of what they've done has eaten at them everyday. I am not going to be like that. ","Summary":" Yes, people probably another worthless fic, but hell, my muse won't go awaynand I'm driving myself "},{"Movie":"Count of Monte Cristo","Title":"The Rose of Remembrance","Author":"ThePenWieldingRose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7856696","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue \"Edmond!\" A handsome sailor of about twenty years of age spun at the voice of a delighted ten-year old girl. He couldn't help smiling at the sight of the child. She was a beauty with rich midnight locks curling around her face, her cheeks as rosy as flowers, her smile disarming. Her eyes, those innocent, yet intelligent eyes, were a shade of soft blue that were irresistible. \"Suzette!\" Edmond Dantes cried, bracing himself for the attack of the ecstatic child. As she grasped him, he picked her up and twirled her around, causing laughter to bubble from her throat. \"How's my little angel?\" he grinned, hugging her against his lithe, strong frame. \"I missed you!\" she frowned. \"Do you have to go away for so long?\" \"I'm sorry,\" he shook his head. \"I don't have much say in that.\" \"Suzette!\" the girl's father called, huffing as he strived to catch up to them. \"I'm sorry, Edmond. I had no idea she was such a fast runner…\" \"It's quite all right, Monsieur Chevalier,\" Dantes smiled heartily, the wind brushing his hair over his dark brown eyes. \"I just came from Monsieur Morrel's office. He's made me captain of the Phareon !\" \"Good gracious!\" the elder exclaimed, clapping his hands in delight. \"Oh, Edmond!\" the girl cried, wrapping her arms around the man's neck. \"That's wonderful!\" she giggled, kissing his cheek. \"God has certainly been good to you, my friend,\" Pierre Chevalier smiled, shaking Dantes' hand firmly. \"Wait until your father hears…and Mercedes!\" \"I was just on my way to tell her now,\" Edmond grinned yet again. \"You deserve a party, Ed!\" Suzette declared. The man laughed, setting her down. Getting on one knee, he pulled a ring off of his finger and gave it to the girl. \"Look, Suzette. I found it on a shore when we pulled in for a night.\" The child looked at the simple golden band, a cross engraved at the front. \"It's pretty…\" \"Keep it,\" Edmond smiled. \"As a present…and a promise of our friendship.\" At once, her eyes lit up and she gasped in wonder. \"Really? Oh, Ed!\" Once more, she grasped the man and planted another kiss on his cheek. \"I promise I'll take good care of it!\" \"Soon, when I have more money, I'll buy you something special,\" the newly made captain vowed, brushing a strand of black hair away from the girl's eyes. \"What do you want for your birthday?\" Pursing her lips, the girl thought a moment, to her father's amusement. \"I want a red rose, with a red ribbon tied around it!\" she said at last. \"Is that all?\" the man laughed. \"Yes,\" she nodded solemnly. \"Very well, you shall have your rose,\" he promised, kissing her forehead. Looking up at her father, he asked, \"Where are you staying?\" \"We've taken up residence for our stay here at Marseilles at the Mondego house,\" the elder replied. \"I don't like Fernand,\" the girl spat furiously. \"Suzette!\" Chevalier chastised her. \"He's mean and smells nasty all the time,\" she frowned. \"Why are you friends with him, Edmond?\" \"Oh, I know he's a little rough, but he's a good man,\" Edmond insisted, patting her head. \"All right, Suzette. Let Edmond find his fiancée before it gets dark,\" Chevalier said, taking his daughter's hand. \"Come along now.\" \"Bye Edmond! See you soon!\" Suzette cried, waving goodbye as Edmond smiled and took off running. Little did either of them know what was to come… ~TCOMC~ Suzette awoke to the sound of someone shouting late the next night. Rubbing her eyes, she got out of bed and wandered downstairs to see if her cousin, Fernand Mondego, was drunk and knocking things over. Sneaking her way down, she was surprised to hear Edmond's voice at this hour. Arriving at a set of doors, she peeked through them, her eyes widening at the sight of Fernand turning on Edmond. \"It was YOU?\" Edmond shouted in anger. \"You turned me in?\" \"Wasn't completely my idea,\" Fernand sneered. \"Danglars helped.\" Suzette held her breath as she watched them duel, not completely understanding what was going on. She knew that rushing out would only cause trouble, she waited, painfully, watching her friend fall, bleeding at the hand of his own friend. \"WHY? Why in God's name?\" Edmond demanded, beaten. \"Because you're the son of a clerk!\" Fernand spat. \"I'm not supposed to want to be you.\" At this, the authorities came in, and at the last moment, Fernand gave Edmond a chess piece. \"To remember better times,\" he said as the men yanked Edmond away. Suzette wasted no time sneaking off and running out after them, dodging the soldiers. Ignoring their shouts for her to stop, she screamed, \"EDMOND!\" His head jerked about and at the sight of the girl, he kicked and wriggled about, trying to free himself. \"Suzette!\" he cried, freeing one arm. The girl grasped him, clinging onto him for dear life, kicking and screaming as the soldiers struggled to tear them apart. \"Leave him alone!\" she screeched. \"No! EDMOND!\" At last, they were separated, and as Suzette wept and wailed, all she could see was Dantes' hurt face in her dimmed eyes…[Chapter 2] Chapter One - Reunions and Encounters Sixteen Years Later… The sun peaked through her curtained windows as Suzette blinked her eyes open. A sigh escaped the young woman's lips as she stretched and arose from her bed. Rubbing her arms and shaking her head, she strived to ignore the panging feeling in her heart from the memories she had dreamed. Since that horrid night that her dear friend was taken from her, Suzette Chevalier vowed to find him, for she believed him to still be alive. She was furious when Mercedes immediately wedded Fernand, only to find out years later from the woman that her son, Albert, was Edmond's child, and not Fernand's. \"Why did you think I was in such a rush?\" the woman smiled sadly. It was on her deathbed that she confessed to her little cousin, and died. Since Albert had been born, Suzette was like a second mother, or an elder sister to him. They loved each other dearly, and since Suzette's father had died when she was fifteen years old, she had been taken in by the Mondegos. Since that night, she loathed Fernand, and he in turn, disliked her, though he knew not that she figured out what had happened that night. She pieced the clues together little by little as she grew and came to understand the meaning behind all the cruel lies and wicked schemes aimed at the honest and kind sailor she had so loved. Changing from her nightdress, she slipped into a dress of a champagne hue, the bodice trimmed with lace and pearls. She much preferred going about in a comfortable \"peasant dress\" as Fernand called them, but being that she lived under his roof and was unmarried, she had to abide by his rules. As she fixed her hair, she wished she could have gone to Rome with Albert, if only for a few days escape from that hideous tyrant she was unfortunately related to. Grasping the simple gold band which hung from a silver chain around her neck, she rose from her vanity and left her sanctuary. \"Father! Suzette!\" she heard a familiar voice call from downstairs. Peeking down from her perch, she saw her young and handsome cousin rush into the foyer. \"Albert!\" she gasped, a smile spreading across her face. \"You're home early!\" Rushing down the steps, she opened her arms and embraced the lad. He kissed her cheek, laughing as he said, \"You'll never believe the story I have to tell you!\" \"What's all the racket about?\" The two young people winced at Fernand Mondego's drunken voice shattering their moment. Lifting their heads, they saw the pompous man swaying as he clutched the banister for balance above them. \"I'm home, Father,\" Albert spoke quietly, noting the man's foul mood. \"Muh,\" Mondego slurred, looking as though he might throw up on them. \"Do keep it down. I've got a splitting headache.\" \" You wouldn't have it if you didn't drink like a vagabond,\" Suzette thought, glaring daggers at the man. \"Come, Albert. Tell me about your trip out in the garden. We can have breakfast there…\" The two quickly slipped out, escorted by servants to a table in the gentle, waking light of the morning. Flowers bloomed and expressed themselves with their gorgeous colors and fragrances. Tea and coffee had been placed before them, soon followed by eggs, sausage, toast with jam, and muffins. \"So, tell me about this story,\" Suzette prodded, her blue eyes bright and eager. \"Well, it was the last night of the Carnival, and I was…\" Blush flooded his cheeks, and the girl knew at once that he had been after a girl. \"Er…looking for someone. I went down this secluded path when I was snatched by thieves and killers.\" \"WHAT?\" Suzette nearly screeched, causing Albert to wince. \"Shh! Listen to me! I was captured, but soon afterwards, someone came in and saved me! You'll never guess who!\" \"Albert, I swear, if you ever get into such trouble again, I'll kill you myself,\" she hissed. \"I'm alive, aren't I?\" he frowned. \"Now, do you want to know who my hero was or not?\" Heaving a sigh, Suzette shrugged. \"Who, pray tell, saved your skin?\" \"The Count of Monte Cristo!\" the boy grinned. \"You've heard of him, haven't you?\" \"Vaguely,\" she said, her brows furrowed in thought. She recalled about a month ago, the mysterious Count took up residence in Paris and had a party to introduce himself into society. She refused to attend simply because she hated parties; Albert was clueless and visiting a friend that weekend; Fernand turned down the invitation because the next morning he had to get up for a duel. From what she had heard of the Count, he was elusive, charming, somewhat cynical, very handsome, very rich, and unmarried. \"Is he here in Paris?\" \"No, he's still in Rome. He said he had business to attend to,\" Albert informed her, biting into a muffin as the servants brought them fresh fruit. \"But he promised he's come in time for my sixteenth birthday this weekend! I can't wait for you to meet him!\" \"It sounds like you've made yourself a new friend,\" she smiled. \"I'm looking forward to meeting him as well. Can't say that Fernand will feel the same, though. I hope he'll be sober enough in time for the toast that night. Remember, I had to do it last year?\" \"And almost every year,\" Albert nodded, somewhat rueful. \"But you always make them wonderful!\" \"Still, it'd be nice to have a gentleman take his place at the table to recognize you,\" she shook her head, selecting a ripe strawberry. \"Well, I guess we can always hope…\" ~TCOMC~ Not two days from Albert's return, almost a day before his birthday party, Suzette went out to town to find another present for her beloved cousin. Perusing through the streets, she felt as though someone were following her. Becoming wary, she took a sudden turn down an alley, passing by bakers and tailors as she strived to find her way to a bookshop she knew. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see a dark figure following her in the fading sunlight, causing her to feel for a knife hidden in her basket. Clutching her cloak, she continued to walk at her own pace until she heard the man's steps quicken. Before she could think, she broke into a gallop, panting as she struggled to get away from her pursuer. A heavy hand laid itself upon her shoulder, spinning her around and pinning her to the wall. She could see very little of his features, only that he was filthy and unshaven. \"I's seen you before,\" he wheezed, his breath rancid. \"You's got lots of francs…I want 'em!\" \"Take them,\" she spat, her knife within reach. He grinned evilly at her. \"Nah…first I wants you.\" Her eyes widening in terror, she kicked him before unsheathing the weapon. \"Leave me be!\" she ordered, pointing the dagger at the man. He glared at her, pulling out a pistol from his side. \"Put it down,\" he commanded. \"I don't want no blood on you yet.\" \"In God's name, leave me alone!\" she cried, her body shaking. Adrenaline kicked in, and she threw the knife at the man. He howled as it buried itself into his arm, causing him to shoot just above her head. She ran as fast as her feet could take her, not seeing, not knowing where she was going, not stopping until she collided with another being. Trembling, she lifted her face, tears unbeknownst to her sliding down her cheeks. The man was tall, at least over six feet, with dark hair and a well-kept beard and moustache. In the dying light, she could see piercing brown eyes that seemed to widen in shock at the sight of her. Shuddering, she felt her knees buckle beneath her before her vision faded and she collapsed. Before she lost consciousness, however, she felt two strong arms catch her and hold her frame close to his.[Chapter 3] Chapter Two - The Mysterious Count \"You think she'll remember?\" \"I don't know, Jacapo…\" Suzette groaned, hearing voices in her sleep. At once, the whispers ceased as she opened her eyes to a dimly lit room, a canopy above her head. Daintily rubbing her eyes, she stretched before allowing her senses to fully awaken. \"How are you feeling, mademoiselle?\" Her vision cleared, and she saw a handsome, striking figure sitting beside her on the bed. He wore an extravagant robe, his hair in place, his eyes causing her to remember a dear, long-lost friend. Beside the man stood a gruff looking fellow, looking out of place beside this gentleman. At once, the girl gasped, scooting away from these strangers. \"Do not be alarmed,\" the gentleman entreated, reaching out to her graciously. \"I mean you no harm…\" His eyes shone with a familiar kindness, his voice tinted with pleading. She remained where she was, her eyes glued on him. \"…who…are you? And where am I?\" Bowing his head, the man arose from his seat and bowed to her. \"Forgive me. I am the Count of Monte Cristo, your most humble servant.\" As he spoke, he reached for her hand, and once he finished his introduction, he planted a kiss upon her quivering hand. \"This is my loyal servant, Jacapo,\" he added, waving to his companion. \"Milady,\" the other nodded, his voice thick with a Spanish accent. Suzette's brows furrowed at once as the name branded itself in her mind. \"…Count of Monte Cristo?...then you know Albert Mondego?\" \"Indeed,\" the Count nodded. \"He's a charming lad. But how do you know him…?\" \"I'm his cousin,\" she replied cautiously. \"Ah!\" he exclaimed with a disarming smile. \"Then you are the charming young lady he's told me about! Mademoiselle Chevalier, correct?\" \"Yes, monsieur,\" she replied. The events of what had happened earlier rushed through her mind, causing blush to creep onto her face. \"Oh…I'm sorry about earlier…you must have been the person I ran into when…\" She shuddered, trying to shake it off. \"No apologies are necessary,\" he reassured her. \"I'm only glad I happened to find you. Jacapo and I made sure the scoundrel left us before we took you here to my estate. Are you sure you're all right mademoiselle…or is it madame?\" \"I beg your pardon?\" she asked, raising an eyebrow. \"That ring you wear around your neck,\" he noted, his eyes glued to the golden band hanging on its chain. \"I thought perhaps you might be engaged or married…?\" \"Oh! Goodness, no,\" she laughed, shaking her head. \"This was a gift from a friend of mine…long ago…\" Her eyes dimmed, and she felt herself grasp the piece of jewelry to her breast. \"He must be very dear to you,\" the Count murmured. \"He is,\" she confirmed quietly. Glancing up at him, she felt utterly embarrassed that she was in this strange predicament. \"I'm afraid you'll have to forgive me, Count,\" she said, smoothing out her dress. \"But I should be going. Albert must be wondering where I am, and I have no idea what time it is…\" Pulling out a pocket watch, the man merely glanced at it before informing her it was ten o'clock in the evening. \"My God!\" she gasped, hurrying off the bed. \"I have to get back!\" \"Please, mademoiselle,\" The Count of Monte Cristo insisted, taking her hand as he helped her onto her feet. \"Allow me to escort you home. I have my carriage ready to go, and it would be cruel of me to let you leave all by yourself.\" Looking into his eyes, Suzette could have sworn she saw Edmond Dantes' face staring down at her. \"That would be very kind of you, Sir,\" she admitted, her heart strained at the sudden resemblance before her. \"I could never thank you enough for what you've for Albert, and now for me.\" \"Not at all, Mademoiselle Chevalier,\" he smiled. \"Come, this way…\" Within the next few moments, Suzette was seated comfortably beside the Count of Monte Cristo in his pristine carriage while Jacapo steered them to the Mondego mansion. \"You're certainly everything they say you are, sir,\" she commented, looking out the window of the speeding carriage. \"Oh?\" he asked nonchalantly. \"What do people say?\" \"That you're extremely wealthy…courteous…certainly mysterious,\" she noted. He grinned at her politely. \"Is that so?\" \"Yes…I'm sorry. I shouldn't be rude as to say such things that others speak about you,\" she blushed. \"On the contrary, I'm very interested to know what people say of me,\" he chuckled, his voice causing shivers to run down her spine. \"What else do they say?\" \"Oh, let's see…you throw wonderful parties, though you seek little company…you're charming, handsome…\" \"And from what you've seen so far, would you say it's true?\" he asked, stroking his chin in interest. \"I cannot say; I'm afraid I don't know you well enough, good Count,\" she responded honestly. He laughed, and she had to smile, though her eyes searched his face intently for any signs of the man she knew as Edmond Dantes. Why was she getting such a strong feeling that he was right in front of her, and yet, he wasn't her beloved childhood friend? They soon arrived at the manor, instantly greeted by Albert, who came out running to the carriage. \"Suzette!\" he cried, embracing her. \"Where have you been?\" \"I got a little sidetracked,\" she said smoothly. \"Thankfully, I had the good Count of Monte Cristo to bring me home.\" The young man's face lit up at the sight of his newfound friend standing beside his cousin. \"Count! You're back!\" \"Of course,\" he smiled. \"Didn't I give you my word that I would?\" \"Please, Count, come inside!\" Albert insisted. As the man began to protest, Suzette jumped in. \"Yes, please. At least for a cup of tea. Albert, where's Fernand?\" \"He left an hour after you went to market. Said something about talking to an old acquaintance,\" the boy shrugged. \"He said he might not be back until midday tomorrow.\" \"Pity,\" she said sarcastically. Turning towards her hero, she took his hand and entreated, \"Please, just a moment. It's the least we could do for all your help.\" In his eyes, she saw a sudden sadness flash, as though a painful memory had gone through his mind. But he instantly guarded himself and gave a polite smile. \"I can deny you nothing, mademoiselle…\" \"Please, call me Suzette,\" she smiled beautifully. \"Enough of these formalities.\" In response, he kissed her hand and offered his arm. \"Very well, then. Shall we, Suzette? Albert?\" Grinning, the two young people took either side of the mysterious man and sauntered back inside the manor, leaving Jacapo to tend to the horses. ~TCOMC~ It was midnight when the Count of Monte Cristo finally retired to his bedchambers. Though the lavish bed with silken sheets and velvet covers was enticing, he had long been accustomed to sleeping on hard, cold floors. Gazing down upon the sheets and pillows spread out on the marble ground, he released a sigh as he gazed up at the painted ceiling, thoughts of a young woman flooding his mind. Edmond Dantes, the man known as the Count of Monte Cristo, had changed since the night of is arrest over sixteen years ago. Revenge plagued him day and night, in his feverish dreams and nightmares, in his waking thoughts. Though the Abbe Faria had pleaded him not to allow such thoughts and motives to take over, he would not rest until he had exacted his vengeance upon Danglars, de Villefort, and most of all, Fernand Mondego. His heart was wounded when he found out of Mercedes' death, as well as his father's, only adding to the furious flames within him. And then he found out about the Chevaliers. Pierre had died of a fever very similar to the one Mercedes had suffered, leaving Suzette in care of the Mondego family. When Edmond had arrived in Marseilles, his former employer, Monsieur Morrel, informed him of all these people's fates. \"She's changed,\" he noted in a mutter as he undressed, throwing his clothes upon the unused bed. Indeed, she had; her cherub cheeks were still rosy, however they lost their childlike quality and were now on a mature woman's face. Her long dark curls were no longer flowing carefree, rather pent up in a bun atop her head for most of the time, with the exception of stray curls that framed her face. Her sweet giggling voice was smooth and delicious as honey, and her eyes…they were sad. \"What…or who could have made her that way?\" he wondered, his chest and back now exposed to the candlelight, scars emblazoned from his past at the Château d'If. \"Fernand? Mercedes' death, or her father's? Perhaps a previous lover…?\" He couldn't believe that she was still unmarried – she was beautiful, bright, and pleasant company. What took him by surprise, however, was the ring she wore around her neck. \"That's an interesting trinket you've got,\" he had commented earlier that night, his heart stopping when he finally realized it was his own treasure. \"It's my most precious item,\" she has told him, curling her fingers around it lovingly. \"It was given to me by a friend I lost many years ago…\" Her eyes had dimmed at this, and though he wanted to tell her that he was indeed Edmond Dantes, he held back and gave her his condolences. \"Soon, perhaps,\" he whispered, lying down and closing his eyes. \"Soon…she will know who I am.\"[Chapter 4] Chapter Three - At the Birthday Banquet Albert's birthday feast came before Suzette could blink, and she could scarcely believe that her little cousin was now sixteen years old. Fixing her hair into a proper bun once more, she grimaced as she saw herself in the crème-and-gold gown Fernand had bought for her to wear. She wished that she could simply slip on a more comfortable gown that she owned, however, it was not to be. She clutched her ring hanging from her neck, and allowed her thoughts to slip back to dear Edmond. As a woman, she could say that she thought fondly of him as a child, but now that she was grown, her memories of the man were somewhat different. He was indeed handsome and chivalrous, and she had told him and Mercedes that one day, should she ever marry a man, he must be exactly like Dantes. But that was years ago, and Edmond was supposedly dead; though deep in her gut she knew he was alive and out there in the world. The men she knew were either married, gamblers, drunkards like her elder cousin, or simply too immersed in themselves to even care for a persnickety girl like her. Many of her acquaintances' mothers had whispered behind her back that she was practically an old maid, or that something was wrong with her for not wedding by now. She dismissed these harsh words, however, and never let them get to her. For a final touch, she placed a white rose into her hair, its fragrance the only perfume she needed. With a concealed frown, she stepped out into the party, and walked lightly down the steps. \"There she is!\" she heard Albert cheer. Raising her eyes, she saw Albert standing between Fernand and the Count of Monte Cristo. \"Suzette! The Count made it exactly on time!\" he grinned. The Count was dressed in a smart suit, his figure towering over her, his rich cloak still draped over his broad shoulders while his gold and jewel-encrusted cane remained in his hand. His eyes went wide for a moment upon seeing her, then quickly reverted back to his cool polite gaze. \"Mademoiselle Chevalier,\" he said, stepping forward and offering his hand. \"You look stunning.\" \"You're too kind, Monsieur,\" she smiled back, accepting his hand, allowing him to graze his lips upon her skin. \"I'm so glad you could make it.\" \"Yes, Albert just wouldn't stop going on about you,\" Fernand said with a smile that didn't reach his eyes. \"I must thank you for saving my son and my dim-witted little cousin.\" At this words, Suzette's eyes flashed a look of hatred at the man which he readily ignored. \"I honestly don't know what would have happened if you weren't there…\" \"Please, my dear Count Mondego,\" Monte Cristo said with an iciness to his tone. \"I'm sure you would have done the same in my place.\" Turning his gaze back upon the young lady, who was now a vivid shade of crimson, he added, \"She is truly a gem that any man would be lucky to have for a wife.\" At this comment, the room seemed to quiet down, many pairs of surprised eyes upon the mysterious Count while he kept his eyes upon Suzette. She blinked, shocked at his words. The people would think him mad – she was known to be frank, outspoken, and of course, always get into trouble. How could the Count say such a compliment when he barley knew her? \"W-well, I…\" Fernand stammered. \"Don't you agree, Monsieur?\" he said quietly, raising the girl's pale hand to his lips once more, his eyes never leaving her face. Suzette felt a nagging voice inside her as her eyes remained entranced by his. She'd seen his face before, she knew it…but from where? \"May I steal your lovely cousin?\" the Count asked, his voice low and menacing, his eyes still on the flabbergasted girl. \"I beg your pardon?\" Mondego's voice gasped, causing the Count to lift his head and smile smartly at the gaping man. \"For the waltz, of course,\" Monte Cristo grinned. \"…oh…of course,\" Fernand said at last, regaining his composure before his guest. With an appreciative nod, the Count offered his arm to Suzette, who took it at once, but not without a questioning glance. As the two took off to join other couples, Albert grinned. \"Isn't he wonderful, Father?\" With that, he took off to speak with some friends, leaving behind a puzzled Fernand. Mondego looked over at the stranger dancing with his troublesome cousin. It appeared that this Count fancied her…perhaps he would sell her off and finally get her out of his hair? With this theory in mind, he gave a satisfied smirk, knowing full well that if they did wed, the Count of Monte Cristo's money would be available to himself. Turning on his heel, he went off in search of a full glass of champagne. ~TCOMC~ \"Thank you, Count.\" \"For what?\" The two stepped in time to the waltz, moving as one. \"For rescuing me yet again,\" Suzette smiled. \"I've told you before, I can't stand my cousin.\" \"Which I fail to understand,\" he spoke, though in his heart, anger burned at the sight of Mondego. \"He treats you well, doesn't he?\" \"He keeps me under his roof and feeds me if that's what you mean,\" she frowned. \"Since Mercedes died, he's been worse than before. Albert needs someone he can look up to for guidance and confide in…I believe that's why he's taken a fancy to you.\" \"Then I am honored,\" the Count smiled, sincerely pleased at her words. \"I shall do my best to keep him from going astray…\" \"I highly doubt you are capable of doing so,\" she laughed, causing his blood to race. Why did it pound so furiously, his heart suddenly beating like a war drum? \"Oh! Mademoiselle Chevalier!\" At the sound of the new voice, the girl bit back a grimace before turning to face a guest. \"Madame…how lovely to see you.\" A rather large woman in a ridiculously yellow dress came bursting forward, her two scrawny daughters straggling close behind. \"Oh, Suzette, you didn't tell us you know the Count of Monte Cristo!\" the woman practically screeched, a fake smile plastered to her face. \"Count,\" Suzette spoke through her teeth. \"This is Madame Haflier, and her daughters Jillian and Jocelyn. Madame, mademoiselles, this is the Count of Monte Cristo.\" \"Ladies,\" the man bowed, desperately hoping none of them would offer their hands to him. \"Such a delight to see you,\" he lied sweetly. The woman practically snorted as she laughed, her cheeks overly red. \"Why, Count, you truly are as charming and…\" She looked him up and down, causing him to swallow back some bile that had been making its way up to his mouth. \"…dashing…as they say. I can scarcely believe you're actually dancing, let alone, talking, to Miss Chevalier.\" \"Why on earth do you say that?\" he asked, his brows furrowed in disapproval. \"Well,\" she stammered, fanning herself. \"She's not actually noble…her mother's side of the family was rather dirt poor. Mondego himself is turning out to be disgraceful, and she's certainly not as lovely or classy as my daughters…\" \"Madame Haflier,\" Suzette suddenly spoke up, her blue eyes almost violet in anger. \"I had hoped you would say such comments to my face alone. Insult Fernand if you will, but refrain from Albert. And just for the record, at least I don't go throwing myself over available men like a prostitute.\" With that, she stomped away, fuming and blushing over the entire affair. The two sisters slinked away to avoid being seen, while Madame was left in a flabbergasted state. \"W-Well I never!\" she screeched. \"You see, Monsieur, that is why she is an old maid and no sensible man would want to marry her-!\" \"On the contrary,\" spoke the Count, his dark eyes lit up in amusement and enchantment. \"I find her rebelliousness and outspoken manner…attractive.\" Without another word, he took off after the girl, leaving the chicken of a woman behind in complete frustration and humiliation. From across the room, several young people watched, shocked and amazed at the ordeal. \"I can't say I blame your cousin for exploding like that,\" Maximilian Morrel commented, sipping his drink with a grin on his face. \"I say good for her!\" Eugenie Danglars nodded her head firmly, her blonde bangs bobbing over her dark eyes. \"I certainly hope she doesn't end up in any trouble for that,\" Valentine de Villefort said quietly. \"I don't think the Count will let her get into trouble,\" Franz d'Epinay chuckled. \"Did you see the way he looked after her?\" \"Yes,\" Albert Mondego said, unable to stop the smile on his face. \"I do believe he's fallen for my brash cousin…\" ~TCOMC~ Suzette rushed from the foyer like a madwoman and hurried to hide herself in the vast lands of the gardens. Hot tears streamed down her face, staining her cheeks. \"Why did I have to open my mouth?\" she thought angrily. Finding her favorite bench, she collapsed and placed her arms upon the cool stone to hide her head. \"That was absolutely horrid of me…\" \"You mean of her.\" Her head bolted up and a gasp escaped from her mouth when she saw Monte Cristo standing before her, as though he came barreling after her and hadn't even lost his breath. \"C-Count!\" she stammered, spinning her body in the opposite direction to try and hide from him. \"That was cruel, indeed,\" she heard Monte Cristo say, hearing his footsteps as he advanced towards her. \"Madame had no place to say any of those comments.\" \"I was…talking about myself,\" she sniffled, wishing she had a handkerchief with her. As if by magic, a pristine, lace-bordered cloth appeared at once before her…in the Count's hand. \"Don't let those tears dirty your lovely face,\" he whispered, gently wiping them off. However, this only proceeded to cause more tears as she shook her head. \"She's right, though…to a degree. Oh, please don't bother with that.\" \"I shan't stop,\" he said firmly, tucking a strand of loose midnight hair behind her ear. \"Not until I can see that smile again.\" Her frame shaking, she collapsed into his arms, startling him. \"I'm sorry…I try not to let these things bother me…but it was so embarrassing today…I don't know why…\" Slowly, she felt his unsure hands placed onto her back, eventually pressing her against his broad chest. \"Oh, Suzette…don't cry…I'm here for you…\" \" Don't cry, Suzette,\" Edmond whispered as he held the child, weeping from a nightmare she had just dreamt. \"I'll always be here for you…Don't cry…\" \"Edmond…\" The Count froze at the mere mention of the name. \"I…I beg your pardon?\" \"Oh!\" Suzette sniffled once more, wiping her eyes. \"I didn't realize I said it out loud…I was just remembering someone…I'm sorry.\" \"There's no need to apologize,\" he said quietly, trying to relax as he realized that she had not figured out his identity. \"How are you feeling now?\" \"Alright, I suppose…\" Lifting her gaze to him, she gave a timid smile. \"Thank you.\" \"Think nothing of it,\" he said, offering a small smile back. Helping her to her feet, he offered his arm, saying, \"Come, or we'll miss the birthday toast.\" Taking his arms, she touched her cheek and sighed, \"Oh, I must look dreadful.\" \"On the contrary,\" he said, his heart actually skipping a beat. \"You look…beautiful.\"[Chapter 5] Chapter Four - The Beauty Within Edmond couldn't sleep that night, his mind replaying the past few hours' worth of events. After convincing Suzette to return with him to the party, they all gathered in the dining hall for dinner. Suzette hurried out, only to return a minute later with her face covered in frustration and anger. Taking her place at the table, she had tapped her glass, earning everyone's attention. Albert had a disappointed look on his face, betraying his emotions. \"Ladies and gentlemen,\" Suzette began, \"I'm afraid that due to business, my cousin, Fernand, is unable to join us…which leaves me to…\" \"-Introduce you to the Count of Monte Cristo once more,\" he spoke up, graciously standing up, causing the girl and birthday boy to gawk in surprise. \"I was so insistent on doing the honor of sharing the toast that I'm afraid our host has given in to my selfish demands,\" he said shamefully, earning the pity and support of the elite. Glancing over at the young man, he began his speech, telling them all of Albert's bravery when he was faced with danger. \"Life is a storm, my young friend. You will bask in the sunlight one moment, be shattered on the rocks the next. What makes you a man is what you do when that storm comes. You must look into that storm and shout as you did in Rome. 'Do your worst, for I will do mine!' Then the fates will know you as we know you: as Albert Mondego, the man!\" At this, everyone stood up and began to clap and cheer. Albert was flattered and flabbergasted, smiling gratefully at his hero and friend. Edmond raised his glass with a grin before taking his seat, his eyes ending up on Suzette's shining face. \"Thank you,\" she mouthed. He merely nodded and smiled politely. Now, lying on the floor once more, he couldn't shake off the feelings rising within him. \"She's a child compared to me…I'm at least ten years her senior,\" he muttered in the darkness, covering his face in shame. \"And Mercedes…\" His heart was pricked by the nagging reminder that his beloved was gone… \"But she betrayed me…she's dead…there's nothing I can do about it now.\" Suzette had remained loyal – it had been at least sixteen years since they had seen each other, but she remembered and he was sure that she still cared for the man once known as Edmond Dantes. She pined for him, that much was evident, whether for companionship or even another reason, he wasn't sure. But she wore the ring…she spoke his name when she wept that evening (which nearly gave him a heart attack, but no matter…) He wasn't sure if this burning inside of him was merely paternal instinct which he had for her years ago, or if that had evolved into something more… \"I will watch over her,\" he vowed. \"I won't let anything happen to her…or the boy.\" ~TCOMC~ \"Well, what's he like?\" Suzette sighed as she walked through the serene garden of Valentine de Villefort's home. On her right was her hostess, the quiet and beautiful Valentine, while on her left was the rambunctious and sassy Eugenie Danglars. \"I told you, he's a perfect gentleman and he's quite the charmer,\" she replied coolly. \"C'mon! Give me details!\" Eugenie persisted with a grin. \"He went after you last night! Did he kiss you?\" \"Goodness, no!\" she scoffed, her cheeks flaring. \"He's much older than me…!\" \"Does it really matter?\" Valentine quietly spoke up, startling the two other girls with her comment. \"Well…no. I don't think so…I-I mean, this is preposterous! I'm not in love with him, so why does it matter?\" \"The Count of Monte Cristo,\" a servant announced, causing the girls to stop and stare at the man as he entered their space. \"Good morning, ladies,\" he smiled politely, his gaze pausing momentarily upon Suzette. \"Good morning, Count,\" they responded with curtsies. \"My apologies for meeting you so early and without prior notice,\" he started. \"Oh, no, Count. It's a pleasant surprise,\" Eugenie smirked, aiming the look at Suzette, whose cheeks were rosy with embarrassment. \"I had hoped you would do me a favor…I have a slave girl who is curious about Parisian life, and I thought the best way to experience it would be to have acquaintances such as yourselves.\" Suzette's eyes grew wide at the mention of \"slave.\" \"You…you own a slave?\" \"Well…that's the correct term that many people use…aside from mistress,\" he rolled his eyes. \"Pardon me, Monsieur…she's neither a slave or mistress to you, so…what is she?\" Eugenie asked, confused. \"I think of her as a daughter. I purchased her in Greece, but she is free to do as she wishes. However, since the day I found her, she has remained with me, though silent and private,\" he explained. Turning about, he commanded, \"Come, Haydee. It's all right.\" Stepping noiselessly upon the grass was a young girl of fifteen, her dark hair flowing about her face. Her olive skin glowed in the sunlight, enhancing the enchanting doe eyes she blinked at them. She was dressed in a rich pale blue robe, matching Arabian slippers covering her dainty feet. At once, Suzette was struck with awe…and pricked with a strange emotion she'd never felt before. It wasn't anger, and it wasn't hate…jealousy? \" That's stupid!\" she chastised herself. \"Why should I be jealous of her…?\" \"Mademoiselles, this is Haydee, daughter of the Pasha of Janina,\" Monte Cristo spoke, waving his hand towards the quiet girl. \"How do you do?\" she said softly in a strange accent. The girls curtsied to her, smiling warmly. \"Welcome to Paris, Princess,\" Valentine said kindly. \"I hope that you won't mind if I leave you alone for a few moments,\" the Count bowed. \"I promised Viscount Albert that I would join him and Monsieur d'Epinay today at the d'Epinay's estate.\" \"Of course,\" Eugenie nodded. \"We understand.\" \"I leave her in your care, ladies,\" he said, his eyes falling once more upon Suzette. \"Especially you, Mademoiselle Chevalier.\" Taken aback, Suzette blinked, causing the Count to grin playfully. \"I shall send a carriage to bring you all to Franz's estate so that we may dine together this afternoon.\" With a flourished bow, he left them standing there awkwardly. For several minutes, no one moved or spoke. At last, Suzette opened her mouth. \"I…I hope that you are not too uncomfortable with us,\" she said honestly. The girl smiled, her face lighting up, surprising the others. \"No…I just hope I don't make you uncomfortable. I'm very unfamiliar with your customs…\" \"Surely, girls where you come from have ways to entertain themselves as we do here?\" Eugenie asked. Haydee giggled politely. \"Yes, we do…I just haven't been to my country in such a long time…I haven't really seen anyone else other than the Count and his servants. He is very kind to me…\" Seeing a fleeting look of disappointment on Suzette's face, she stretched out her hand and touched the young woman's arm. \"Oh, please, Miss Chevalier…I feel for him as I did with my father…he is my protector, and for that I am eternally grateful. I could never feel for him that way…oh, no! I've made you blush!\" Both girls looked horrified at one another, only to laugh at their silliness. \"Then…I guess you could tell that I…\" Suzette trailed off. \"You what?\" Eugenie prodded with a smirk. Her face still flushed with color, Suzette confessed, \"…I…I think I feel…some degree of love towards him…but I can't say for sure. All I can say is that I feel strongly towards him in a good way.\" \"That is the same way I felt when I first met Maximilian,\" Valentine blushed, causing the four girls to giggle. \"Allow me to reassure you, Mademoiselle,\" Haydee spoke sweetly, her eyes shining. \"I can tell you for certain that the Count thinks very highly of you and is extremely fond of you…he doesn't care for everyone, so the fact that he is intrigued and constantly worried about you is a sign of his love and devotion.\" At these words, Suzette's hands went up to her burning cheeks, her heart pounding furiously. \"Oh…!\" It's too early, though…I barely know the man!\" And yet, deep down, she felt as though she had known him her whole life… ~TCOMC~ Edmond sat firmly in his carriage as one of his other servants, Ali, drove him to Franz d'Epinay's home. He was sure that the girls would get along fine, leaving his mind clear to focus on several matters at hand… \" I must wound Danglars where it hurts him most…his wallet. As for de Villefort, I have to expose him for the crimes he committed for many years…and Fernand…\" His eyes narrowed at the thought of the man that he had once trusted and loved as a brother. \"He will lose everything…just as I had lost everything…\"[Chapter 6] Chapter Five - Three Strikes In the following two months, the Count became well-known and practically beloved to the three prestigious families: the Villeforts, the Danglars', and especially the Mondego family. However, they had no idea of the heavy dark cloud that hung over their heads as the Count's plans of revenge slowly began forming… \"Monsieur, the shipment has arrived!\" whispered a worker through the shadows. Danglars grinned greedily. Since the Count of Monte Cristo's arrival in Paris, he, Fernand, and Gerard were all roped into a strange new scheme – finding where the Count earned his riches and taking them for themselves. Having taken over the Morrel shipping firm and wedding a baroness, Danglars had become a millionaire that only thirsted for more wealth and riches, soon taking the trade of a banker. Normally, he wouldn't involve himself in such matters, but this opportunity was too much. He had to see the gold of Monte Cristo for himself. The grimy \"gentleman\" followed the worker out to the docks, where several shady characters unloaded heavy chests off a vast ship. Commanding the man to open the chest before him, he felt his eyes grow wide at the sight of rubies, strings of pearls, and plenty of gold. \"Take three trunks aside,\" he whispered greedily, rubbing his hands in glee. \"Mondego and Villefort will never notice a few missing…\" The man called for help and a burly fellow helped him to snatch the chest and two others before placing them onto a cart. Danglars failed to notice how the pudgy man smirked behind his back. \"Shall we go, boss?\" the workman barely breathed. \" Si, mi amici ,\" Luigi Vampa chuckled quietly. \"We have our promised fill from our dear friend, Zatara. He told us to move before the officials get here, so let us oblige.\" Hopping inconspicuously into the front seat, the two men silently took off, leaving behind Danglars. Meanwhile, the man had stepped onto the boat and continued to inspect the vessel when a squadron of men on horseback came straight for the docks. \"Baron Danglars?\" called the leader. Grimacing, the man gruffly answered, \"Yeah?\" \"You are charged with theft and embezzlement!\" the germane informed him. His face twisting into a sneer, he snapped, \"There's nothing on this ship anyhow!\" \"If that is the truth,\" spoke a man in the shadows, dressed in a fine robe. \"Then you will not object to a search?\" Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the many chests still lying about. The workers had stopped and simply stared at him stupidly, as though they were expecting something of him. His frame shaking, he choked out, \"…Mondego set me up! I'll not take his blame!\" Taking a hurried step, the man in the shadows stepped out and blocked him. Danglars gasped at the sight of the Count of Monte Cristo, taking several steps back. \"C-Count!\" he exclaimed. \"T-This is all a misunderstanding!\" \"Indeed,\" Monte Cristo said sinisterly, his eyes gleaming evilly. \"I'm sure it is…\" Drawing his sword, he lunged forward, causing the baron to leap away frantically, tripping and grasping into a nearby rope. Grasping another, the Count lassoed his neck and shoved him to the gangplank, where he desperately grasped the ship as so not to be hanged. \"Who are you?\" he wheezed. \"Why, I'm the Count of Monte Cristo,\" the latter said almost mockingly. \"But my friends call me Edmond Dantes.\" At the mention of the poor sailor's name, the man's eyes went large as saucers. \"Dan…tes?\" he coughed. With a glare, Edmond shoved him off the ship, leaving him to dangle helplessly. Disgusted, he strode back across the ship to the docks where the soldiers awaited him. \"Cut him down before he can't talk,\" he barked, leaving the men to do their work. \" Strike One…\" ~TCOMC~ Villefort sat comfortably in the sauna, closing his eyes as the steam surrounded him. There was no one else in the room at the moment, and he was enjoying himself happily, with the exception of two things. Firstly, the shipment the Monte Cristo had entrusted to him had gone awry. He knew that he shouldn't have involved Danglars in the scheme. Because of what happened last week, he was sent to prison. His wife was once again a single woman after the divorce papers were signed, and his daughter Eugenie had eloped with Franz d'Epinay to Italy. The second matter that nagged at him was that his daughter, Valentine, was promised to Franz. However, seeing that Franz had run away and married another girl, there was no one left that might be suitable for his daughter except for Albert Mondego, and even then, his family's title was unstable thanks to Fernand's incessant drinking and gambling, the debts piling each day. There was the Maximilian Morrel character, who kept pestering them with his proclamations of love to his daughter, but he was the son of a now poor and disgraced man, and there was no way his Valentine would be seen with him. He was so immersed in these thoughts that he didn't hear a man enter the sauna until the steam was intensified. \"Ugh…that's a bit much, don't you think?\" he whined, opening his eyes to see a familiar figure. \"Oh! Count! I didn't hear you…\" Villefort stammered, surprised to see Monte Cristo standing just a few feet away, fully dressed, with a strange expression on his face. \"Pardon me for intruding,\" the Count said coolly, stalking over to the judge. \"I just wanted a few words with you, monsieur.\" \"By all means,\" the latter nodded, wary of the other. \"I understand that the shipment went well aside from the little mishap, correct?\" Monte Cristo asked, taking a seat beside him. \"Yes, monsieur…I am truly sorry about what happened,\" he stammered once more. \"I had no idea…\" \"No, of course not,\" Monte Cristo said, sounding rather patronizing. Getting up and starting to walk about, he stroked his chin and said, \"You know, you come from a rather prestigious family…that's one of the many reasons why I had to have you to view over my papers…\" \"Well, you are too kind,\" started Villefort, clearly flattered. \"However,\" the Count cut him off. \"I also understand that there was a tragedy in your family…your father died, didn't he?\" \"Erm…years ago,\" the judge replied uncomfortable, confused as to the sudden change in the conversation. \"Yes, I recall…he was murdered when Napoleon had escaped from Elba…\" Monte Cristo continued, circling around the bath until he reached the handle of the steam vents and once more turned the wheel. Feeling as though he were suffocating from the steam and uneasiness, the man coughed, shaking his head. \"That's quite a lot of steam, sir, and you're fully dressed…\" \"Your father was killed, but you stopped the search after a fortnight,\" the Count continued as though he hadn't heard the judge. \"Why would the Prosecutor stop searching for the killer…unless…he didn't want the killer to be found, or he even knew who the man was.\" Villefort's eyes grew large at this and he leapt from his seat. \"Count, I have no idea where you get these perverse ideas, but this conversation is over.\" \"Far from it, good sir,\" the Count smirked, as the judge scurried to a door, only to find it locked. \"Why is this door locked? What do you want?\" he demanded. \"Vengeance,\" the Count of Monte Cristo grinned. \"Your father was a Bonapartist…he would have gotten you into deep trouble with the King…so you had to dispose of him, by hiring someone who suffered the same fate of living under his father's shadow…\" \"Mondego,\" breathed the judge, sweating profusely, not from the environment, though. \"I had to do it…I had to get my father out of the way…he was too much of a liability…Mondego and I had an agreement…we would take out each other's fathers…\" he was panicking now, the memories overwhelming, his mind spinning. How could Monte Cristo know all this. \"Mondego would never confess to any of that!\" he practically screamed at the Count. Monte Cristo shrugged. \"You're right; he wouldn't…but you just did.\" With a swift tug of the wheel, the steam evaporated at once…revealing all the guards blocking the main entrance, as well as two of the Count's most trusted servants, Jacapo and Bertuccio. Villefort felt his stomach drop as he realized the damage he had unwittingly done. Giving the Count a despairing glance, he asked, \"Why?\" \"Let's just say that dear old Edmond Dantes and I are rather eager to see you get what you deserve,\" Edmond said, locking his eyes with Villefort's gaze. A wave of utter disbelief and shock passed through the man as he slowly realized that the Count and condemned sailor were one in the same. \"…Dantes?\" Minutes later, after getting dressed, Villefort was led out of the sauna and brought before a daunting carriage. He gazed at it in gloom as he realized it was the very same one that had brought Edmond to the Château d'If. Climbing aboard, he took a seat, noticing a lonely pistol beside him. \"Courtesy for a gentleman,\" the guard explained solemnly before shutting the door. Grasping the item in his fingers, a mad grin spread over his face. Reason was thrown out the window as he placed the barrel into his mouth, squeezed his eyes shut, pulled the trigger… …and nothing happened. His eyelids flew open as he pulled the weapon out of his mouth. As he gawked in bewilderment, Monte Cristo peeked through the barred window and smirked. \"You didn't think I'd let you get away so easily, did you?\" His face vanished just as quickly, and before Villefort could blink, he was taken away. \" Strike Two…\" ~TCOMC~ \"I can't believe all that's happened in this past month,\" Albert sighed as he ran his fingers through his dark hair. \"Monsieurs Danglars and Villefort are both imprisoned; Eugenie and Franz eloped to Italy and are happily wed; Maxamilian has taken Valentine to Marseilles and they, too, are happily wedded. I just can't understand why this is happening all so suddenly…\" Suzette could. She instantly connected the dots once the two names were brought up. These were two of the men that had framed Edmond and sent him to prison. Fernand would be next…she was sure of it. \"Albert…I've been thinking…before your mother died, she asked me to keep a secret for her…one that I would one day tell you,\" she said slowly, quietly. Fernand was too busy in his study with two other associates, probably gambling and drinking the night away. Albert's eyebrows furrowed at the news before he took a seat beside her on the settee. \"What is it?\" he asked softly. Swallowing, Suzette told him a story: the story involved a sailor and his best friend, in love with a woman. The best friend and another accomplice betrayed the sailor and sent him to a judge who sent him away to a horrible place. After many years, people believed him dead, even the poor fiancé, who married the best friend. \"That woman was your mother,\" Suzette whispered, tears sliding down her face. \"Before the sailor was taken away, she spent a night with him…\" Albert's eyes had been glued to her from the stare, and they now blinked disbelievingly at her tale. \"W-What are you saying…?\" \"You are the child of a man known as Edmond Dantes,\" she explained. \"Fernand, Danglars, and Villefort all had something to gain by sending Edmond away...Villefort got to protect his position somehow…Danglars earned the ship The Phareon , and later became rich enough to enter Parisian society…and Fernand got your mother…\" \"Stop! Stop this nonsense!\" Albert shouted, covering his ears. Getting up, he snatched his coat and ran out of the estate, leaving Suzette behind in a dark library. Covering her face, she wept as she felt confusion and despair wash over her. She had unconsciously hurt her beloved cousin…and now there the possibility that Edmond was alive and in Paris to get his revenge… \" The Count…he's got to be Edmond…!\" She shook her head, shoving those hopeful thoughts away. No, it was not possible…though she had seen many similarities between the beloved friend and the dashing Count over the past three months of his arrival to France, there was no way they could be one in the same…she was over-thinking again, creating false hopes that would be dashed away soon enough. Perhaps it was all just coincidence… Stepping out of the empty library, her face stained, she slowly trudged out into the foyer and headed for the stairs. \"Thar she ess!\" Freezing, Suzette turned halfway to see Fernand stumbling out of his study with his two companions. She felt their gazes upon her and knew that she was in danger. \"C'mere,\" her drunken cousin said possessively, stepping haphazardly towards her. \"Fernand, stay back,\" she said firmly, edging towards the front doors. \"Don't tuhl me wot to do!\" he snapped, angrily, almost tripping over himself. His companions followed on either side, their swagger unsteady, but they stood taller and firmer than Mondego. \"Leave me alone, or I'll scream,\" she warned them, her backwards walking quickening. \"Just try to,\" one man sneered, hiccupping right after he spoke. \"We'll strangle you…right?\" Her heart pounding like a war drum, she spun and sprinted down the hall to the doors. She was just within reach when she tripped over her accursed dress, her body slamming against the cold floor. They were upon her in seconds, and she released a piercing scream from her throat. They cackled, one man holding her arms, the other clamping her feet to the ground. Fernand got over her and placed his hand upon her throat. \"Ya look like Mercedes,\" he chuckled. \"Yes…Mercedes…\" \"HELP ME!\" she screamed. \"ALBERT! SOMEONE! HEL-!\" She choked as Fernand's fingers wrapped themselves tightly around her pale neck, his eyes dark and cold. \"No one's coming…you're mine !\" Squeezing her eyes shut, she let her hot tears leak from her eyes as she prayed to God that Death would come swiftly for her so that she might not be tortured by Fernand's abusive lust. \"Let anybody else take me if You have to be so cruel…but not him! Not this horrible man!\" All at once, or so it seemed, the hands and pressure of Fernand's body vanished, and painful grunts and howls were released into the night. Suzette felt herself fading into unconsciousness, the shock of what happened taking over her frozen, shivering body. And then, she heard him. \"Suzette!\" \" Edmond…that's Edmond's voice…\" \"My God…please Suzette! Say something!\" \"E-Ed…\" she coughed, tears still falling. \"It's all right.\" She felt herself lifted into a warm embrace, her body lifted off the stone cold ground. Her eyes fluttered open, and she could see the outline of a familiar face. \"C-Count…?\" \"Shh…it's all right,\" he whispered, kissing her forehead. \"I'm here…Albert is with Haydee in my carriage…I came to see you all when he came running out. Then we heard the commotion inside…oh, Suzette, forgive me for not coming sooner!\" \"Count…\" She felt her frame shudder as she feebly clung to his chest, grasping the lapels of his fine coat. She felt her body surrender to her anger, sadness, loneliness, and despair as she wept into his embrace. She wept until her eyes ran dry, feeling his hand stroking her hair and back, and slowly, she slipped into a feverish sleep. ~TCOMC~ \"Zatara?\" Glancing up from his desk, Edmond saw Jacapo standing at the door. \"Yes, old friend?\" he asked, setting aside his papers. \"The police have reported that they arrested two men at the Mondego residence…however, Mondego himself was not there,\" the ex-smuggler informed his master. He winced as he spoke, as though expecting Edmond to be furious with the news. \"Thank you, Jacapo.\" The man blinked at these words. \"…you…ain't mad?\" Edmond shook his head with a small smile. \"We'll get Fernand soon enough. For right now, we have enough – he's drowning in debt, caught red-handed imposing himself upon his cousin, and the two people most closest to him are here in my care. It's enough for now…has Suzette awoken?\" \"No, Your Excellency. She's still sleeping sounding,\" Jacapo answered, relief flooding him. \"And Albert?\" he added. \"Still talking to the mistress,\" Jacapo smirked. \"They've gotten pretty close these past few months…\" Edmond himself couldn't help but smirk as well. Haydee was certainly enchanted by Albert, and he couldn't get enough of her in return. They made a handsome pair indeed… \"Zatara…may I speak freely?\" \"Of course,\" he said, raising an eyebrow. Jacapo pursed his lips in thought before saying, \"Look, Zatara…you already got the other two. You practically own your third enemy. Here you have all the money in the world, faithful servants and friends, a boy who is actually your own flesh and blood according to Suzette's words, and a girl who loves you…even the old you. Why not just take the girl, take the kid, take the money and go?\" Shaking his head, the Count of Monte Cristo answered, \"I can't…it's not as easy as it seems, my friend…I have to see this through.\" Heaving a sigh in frustration, Jacapo excused himself and left the study. Placing his elbows upon the desk and folding his hands together, he placed his chin atop them and stared blankly at the distance set of doors. \"…Strike Three.\"[Chapter 7] Chapter Six - The Belated Gift The waves crashed against the sandy surf, washing over her feet. Suzette squinted, shielding her blue eyes against the sun's brightness. The breeze played with her soft hair, curls tickling her neck and cheeks. Carefree seagulls squawked as they flew overhead towards the cotton-like clouds. \" Marseilles…\" Suzette whispered, realizing her first childhood home. Ships dotted the sea line, and not too far off to her left were the vast docks, connected to the small town's dirt roads. A happy chuckle caused her heart to skip a beat, a feathery kiss on her cheek startling her. \"Who…?\" she began, turning her head. Her eyes grew wide at the sight of a handsome sailor of twenty or so, his brown eyes twinkling at her, his hair mussed by the wind, his grin breathtaking. \" You've certainly become a beautiful young woman, Suzette,\" he said, placing his arm around her shoulders. \"Just as I knew you would.\" \" Edmond?\" she gasped, her fingers reaching out to brush his cheek. \"You…are you…?\" Are you alive?, she wanted to ask, but her tongue wouldn't allow it. Leaning forward, he planted a kiss on her forehead and smiled sweetly. \"Come…let's go for a swim.\" Getting to his feet, he offered his hand to her. Part of her brain struggled, swimming uselessly against the strangeness of all this. It had to be a dream…but she didn't want to wake up. Shyly, she took his hand, allowing him to help her to her feet before running together into the gentle, cool waters. Laughing, the young man took off his shirt, revealing a tan, toned torso. She blushed as she caught herself gawking before moving deeper into the water. \"Edmond…what about the ship…do you have to leave soon?\" It was nonsense spurting from her mouth, but it seemed to make sense in this world. \" I'm not leaving for a while,\" he told her, floating comfortably in the subtle waves. \" Mercedes…\" she started again. \" Mercedes is gone,\" he said, somewhat sadly. \" Your father…Monsieur Morrel…?\" He shook his head. \" Fernand-?\" \" What about him?\" Edmond asked, his face darkening. Above them, the sky turned from blue to a menacing grey, thunder rolling in the distance. \" I…I can't remember,\" she stammered. \"Just that…he's not your friend…\" No sooner were those words uttered, a towering wave came up and before she could blink, she was taken under. She opened her mouth to scream, but no sound came forth. \"Edmond, where are you?\" her thoughts cried. Flailing her arms furiously, she made her way to the surface, gasping for air as the storm raged on. \"Ed!\" she cried over and over, her body tugged by the waves. A way off, she could see his figure, struggling, pulled down by the waves and brought up once more by the current. \" Hold on, Edmond! I'm coming!\" she screamed, swimming, though she felt that she was getting nowhere. \"Wait for me Edmond! Just hold on a little longer!\" she cried out. When at last she saw his form sink beneath the dark waters, she wept, wept and sunk, her tears mingling with the salty waters. It was then that an arm snatched her. A gasp caught in her throat, she felt herself choking as her body was pressed against someone's naked form. Her heart beat faster than before, fear swallowing her as she realized she couldn't breathe…that she was underwater…that someone was keeping her captive… Her eyelids drooped, her body limp when she felt herself being dragged out of the waves. Two arms grasped her and carried her, slowly, out towards the beach. She knew this embrace…it was warm…safe…she didn't mind the long walk… She vaguely recalled that she had been wearing a white cotton dress, but it was now soaked and torn. She felt her body heat up as she realized she wasn't wearing undergarments for some reason…she wanted to curl up and die at the thought of someone seeing her practically naked, but instead, she felt herself being lain down on the soft sand, sunlight once again kissing her skin. But that wasn't the only thing kissing her. Two lips pressed themselves to her own, sweet air passing through this stranger's mouth and into her own. Her lungs were filled, and she gave a surprised gasp as she struggled to open her eyes. The lips planted kisses on her mouth, on her cheeks and forehead, down her jawbone and over the nape of her neck. Her blood raced, her breathing soft gasps. Why wouldn't her eyes open, dammit? Blindly, she reached and touched the figure, passing her fingers through the person's hair. She touched his face, feeling a beard and moustache, his lips now worshiping her hands while his hands held her up against his muscular frame. She shivered, realizing he wore nothing, while she was barely covered in a wet rag. \" Who…are you?\" she sighed, his lips returning to hers again as he smothered her against him. \" Suzette…\" Forcefully, she managed to open her infernal eyes, her vision clearing up enough to see two familiar brown eyes, but the face was somewhat different. \" C-Count?\" she asked, shocked at the sight of the Count of Monte Cristo holding her possessively, staring pleadingly into her eyes. \"W-where is Edmond? Unless…\" \" Suzette…\" he said once more, claiming her lips again. No matter how hard she fought to keep a clear head, she surrendered to his touch…his velvet-like voice… \" Suzette…Suzette…\" \"Suzette…can you hear me?\" A moan escaped her lips as Suzette forced her eyes open once more. Instead of harsh sunlight, however, soft candlelight met her eyes. The dim room was beautifully furnished for a princess, and she could feel the silken sheets beneath and above her. Blinking, she realized she felt a warm hand holding her own, causing her to languidly turn her head. \"C…Count?\" she murmured, half surprised and half expectant of his presence beside her bed. He gave a small smile, releasing a relieved sigh. \"Thank goodness you're all right…you've slept a whole day away.\" \"Have I?\" she asked, her brows furrowing. \"Do you remember anything?\" he asked, squeezing her hand. \"I remember…Fernand was drunk…he chased me and I fell…but you came…you saved me…\" \"Shh…don't cry,\" he whispered, his eyes looking down on her, sad and lovingly, while his free hand wiped her face. She didn't even know she was crying until he said so, causing her to squeeze her eyes shut and gently shake her head. \"I'm…sorry.\" \"Hush,\" he commanded quietly. \"There's nothing to be sorry for…\" Brushing her hair from her face, he gazed at her form. Her lithe body tucked comfortably beneath the covers, her dark hair splayed out upon the lush pillow, her gem-like eyes glistening with tears… \"Don't cry, my darling girl,\" he whispered, leaning down and kissing her forehead. He caressed her cheek with the back of his hand as he told her, \"Rest…tomorrow, if you feel up to it, Albert has a surprise for you for your birthday.\" \"My…my birthday?\" she repeated stupidly. \"It's my birthday?\" \"Tomorrow, yes,\" he chuckled, grinning at her. \"He's been worried about you…but you'll be all right…you're a brave girl…rather, a brave young woman.\" She felt herself burn at his touch and words, as though her strange dream had not paused at all. She shivered, and he mistook it for feeling cold. Taking off his thick robe, he placed it over her and touched her forehead to feel her temperature. \"Just close your eyes,\" he said quietly. \"I'll be here when you wake…\" Giving in almost at once, she shut her eyes, letting the warmth around her swallow her into a regrettably dreamless sleep. ~TCOMC~ When Suzette finally awoke the next morning, she was not disappointed. The Count of Monte Cristo was sitting beside her bed in a comfortable chair, reading a book. He raised his eyes as she stirred, and a smile instantly graced his face. \"Ah, so at last Sleeping Beauty has awoken,\" he jested, marking his page and setting the book on a nightstand. \"I'm no…beauty,\" she said groggily, rubbing her eyes before she stretched. \"Especially not in the morning.\" \"I beg to differ,\" he said quietly, causing her to blush. \"Jacapo! Baptistin!\" he called suddenly, startling the girl. The two men servants entered at once, carrying buckets of hot water into an adjoining room. \"Once you're finished, I'll meet you in my study,\" he ordered them. They swiftly executed their orders before bowing to Suzette and exiting the room. Monte Cristo bowed and motioned towards the open door, leading into a washroom. \"You have a hot bath waiting for you. Haydee will come in shortly to aid you and help you get dressed. We'll all meet in the dining room for brunch.\" \"How late is it?\" she asked, now fully awake. \"Exactly eleven fifteen, mademoiselle,\" he informed her, laughing at her aghast expression. \"Don't fret. Yesterday, Albert slept 'til past noon. Nothing could wake him.\" Taking her slender hand and kissing it, he added, \"I shall count the minutes until I see you again, dear Suzette.\" With a mischievous smile, he bowed once more and left her. She sat there a moment, her mind a jumble of thoughts and emotions. The dream was still fresh in her mind…she couldn't help but shiver at the thought that the Count might actually do such a thing to her…that he could be Edmond…that Edmond would feel that way towards her… Grasping the ring hanging from its chain around her neck, she got up and strolled toward the washroom, striping down to nothing before stepping into the deliciously scorching hot water. She sat there, her body surrendering to the heat, lazily rubbing the bubbly suds onto her pale form. A soft knock at the door signaled Haydee, which she invited in at once. The Grecian princess smiled at the sight of Suzette playing with the floating bubbles overhead. \"Did you sleep well?\" she asked, placing the dress in her hands upon a nearby chair. \"Yes…I did,\" Suzette said slowly, blushing furiously. Haydee raised an eyebrow but said nothing. When at last the girl finished her bath, the princess helped her dry off before getting her into a soft rose-pink hued gown. \"It's beautiful on you,\" Haydee commented, brushing out Suzette's unruly midnight locks. \"The Count will be pleased…do you like it?\" \"It's…very lovely,\" she admitted. \"He wants you to be happy, you know,\" Haydee said softly. \"He wants to protect you…you and Albert. He cares for you both.\" \"Does he?\" she asked, looking at herself in the mirror. Biting her lip, she whispered, \"…Haydee…I think I'm in love with the Count…but…could he ever…?\" \"You'll find out for yourself,\" the girl smiled, a twinkle in her dark eyes lighting up her countenance. \"All I will say is this – he didn't sleep a wink until he saw you wake up last night. Even afterwards, he barely let himself nod off. He's rather protective of you.\" Suzette felt her face burn as she listened to Haydee, clutching her own arms. \"My cousin…Fernand…\" \"He wants you to stay, Suzette…the Count, I mean,\" Haydee informed her. \"The authorities are looking for your cousin. Some say he ran away, others say he's in hiding…it doesn't matter, really. Monte Cristo will find him soon enough.\" Something in the way Haydee spoke made Suzette shudder, wrapping her fingers around her ring. \"There! You're perfect!\" Haydee said at last, beaming as she looked over Suzette. \"Shall we?\" Arm in arm, the two girls walked together until they came to the dining hall. Once they entered, Suzette's eyes went wide at the vast amount of food on the table. Surrounding the table were Albert, Maximilian and Valentine with Monsieur Morrel, Jacapo and the other beloved servants of the Count, as well as the Count of Monte Cristo himself. \"Happy Birthday!\" they all declared, their smiles lighting up the room. \"Oh…oh!\" she cried, tears spilling once more from her eyes. \"How wonderful!\" In heart, she knew that there was no other place she would rather be. ~TCOMC~ The day seemed to slip between her fingers and Suzette was heartbroken to see that the day was practically over. She had been delighted by the Morrels' visit from Marseilles, the idea being Albert's, and she had spent several hours with each of them, speaking of old times and what their future plans were. Albert continued to shower her with brotherly love, and Haydee always treated her as a sister. \" Rightly so,\" she smirked as she watched Albert offer Haydee a white rose, to which she blushed and sniffed its sweet scent, placing a kiss upon Albert's red cheek. \"Before I'll know it, he'll be proposing to her…!\" Out on the veranda of the estate, Suzette watched the stars as they came out one by one. A soft breeze danced around her as she closed her eyes and breathed. \"Did you enjoy yourself?\" Her eyes opened and she smiled before turning to see the Count coming towards her. \"Of course…I can't thank you enough for everything you've done for me and Albert…\" \"I only wish to do more,\" he said earnestly, taking his place to her right, gazing up at the sky with her. \"Suzette…I want you both to stay with me. I love both you and Albert very much…I hope I'm not being too straightforward,\" he said a little gruffly, avoiding her eyes. She laughed, causing him to gawk at her. \"No, not at all…yes, I think that's very kind of you…thank you.\" Without a second though, she wrapped her arms around him and placed her head upon his chest. He froze, closing his eyes as he wrapped his arms around her small frame. He felt his heartbeat accelerate, praying that she couldn't feel it. \"Suzette…I…never did give you your present.\" \"You've already given me so much,\" she said, pulling back to look at him. Shaking his head, he looked into her eyes, his gaze almost apologizing…for what? \"This gift is… quite overdue. I hope you can forgive me.\" As she raised a questioning eyebrow, he reached into his coat pocket and pulled out an item that made her eyes grow large. There in his hand was a beautiful red rose, bursting in full bloom, and around its green stem, a shining red ribbon tied in an elegant bow.[Chapter 8] Chapter Seven - Future Plans \"Soon, when I have more money, I'll buy you something special,\" the newly made captain vowed, brushing a strand of black hair away from the girl's eyes. \"What do you want for your birthday?\" Pursing her lips, the girl thought a moment, to her father's amusement. \"I want a red rose, with a red ribbon tied around it!\" she said at last. \"Is that all?\" the man laughed. \"Yes,\" she nodded solemnly. \"Very well, you shall have your rose,\" he promised, kissing her forehead. There it was before her – her belated birthday gift. It almost seemed as though it were mocking her. Suzette felt her insides heat up and freeze all at once, feeling sick as she stared in utter disbelief at the man before her. \"…Edmond?\" she whispered, her hand covering her mouth as she shook. \"Edmond Dantes?\" The Count's eyes were filled with pleading, begging for forgiveness. \"Suzette…I-\" \"How could you?\" she burst, her eyes stinging with tears. \"After all these years…! Since the day we met, I kept thinking that you must be my old friend! But I kept denying myself, and you had changed…but you never told me! Did you even think of telling at all?\" \"Believe me, it was difficult,\" he frowned, his eyes darkening. \"But I had to take care of things first…\" \"Things?\" she hissed. \" Vengeance ,\" he growled, with as much venom as she had just hissed to him. \"Villefort, Danglars, and most of all, Fernand Mondego – you of all people, I had hoped, would understand that! You knew what happened-!\" \"You didn't trust me enough to tell me it was you, though!\" she choked, turning away from him. \"I really was starting to think you were gone…forever…and then on top of all that I fell in love with y-!\" She halted in her speech, covering her mouth with both hands in shame at the brash words she had spoken. At this last broken sentence, Edmond's eyes widened and he almost dropped his gift. \"Suzette…I…I'm sorry…I truly am…\" \"There you are!\" Jacapo declared as he lumbered out onto the veranda. \"We were wondering where you went off to…\" He stopped, noticing how they were both striving to reclaim their composures. \"Ah…I guess this is a bad time…\" \"No,\" Suzette shook her head. \"I ought to get back inside and wish everyone goodnight. They're staying here until morning, aren't they? The Morrels?\" \"Oh, yes, milady,\" Jacapo nodded. \"They've all got their own rooms.\" \"Very well,\" she said, tucking a strand of wild hair behind her ear. \"I'll see them off. I think I'm going to turn in early…\" Before she could move, Edmond grasped her hand, causing her to spin around. Leaning forward, he whispered a command: \"Meet me in my chambers at midnight.\" There was no accepting any excuses; his voice had firm authority, and she dared not defy him. She merely nodded when he looked at her face, but when she tried to pull away he brought the rose up to her once more. \"If you don't care for it…\" he said somewhat coldly. \"No!\" she gasped quickly, snatching it from his hands. \"No…I'm sorry…I truly do love the gift…after all, it's what I asked for…\" When a small smile stretched onto his lips, she felt her heart sigh with relief. At least she had managed to mend some of the damage her response had caused. When he offered her his arm, she took it, and together, they entered the building once more, with Jacapo's knowing eyes upon them. ~TCOMC~ For nearly two hours, Suzette paced the floor. She clutched her silken robe, not because she was cold, but because she was anxious. She was finally going to speak to Edmond…her Edmond… A scoff escaped her as she scowled. \" My Edmond, indeed,\" she whispered, her heart wretched in pain. \"He loves only Mercedes…he just humors me…\" Raising her eyes, she saw in the dim candlelight of her room that the minute hand was merely seconds away from the hour. Taking a deep breath, she stealthily left her quarters and as she shut the door, she glanced about for any prying eyes. Tiptoeing down the hall, she could sense her heart leaping up her throat as she made her way to the Count of Monte Cristo's bedchambers. No sooner had she arrived at the door did she hear the clock in the drawing room chime its toll throughout the vast mansion. Shaking, she reached out her fist to knock on the door when it swung open. A gasp escaped her mouth as she took a step back. There, dressed in his own rich robe, was Edmond, his eyes locked onto her. \"Come in,\" he said, barely audible as he stepped aside and gave her passage into his space. Grasping her robe at the neck, she obliged and stood, waiting for him to shut the door after her. As he did so, she noticed sheets, pillows, several books and papers, and unlit candelabra to the right of the untouched bed. Her brows furrowed, she peered in the dark at his face. He saw what she was curious about and shrugged. \"Just a habit,\" was all he said for the moment. She said nothing, remaining like a statue. \"Please, sit,\" he said, motioning towards the bed. She did as told, looking at him expectantly. \"I realize that aside from being furious with me, you must have some questions…\" he glanced over at her, noticing how daintily her legs were crossed. Biting her bottom lip, she hesitantly started, \"…where…where have you been?\" \"For fifteen years, I was imprisoned in the Chateau d'If,\" he informed her, crossing his arms over his chest as he recalled the long, torturous years spent in the hellish place. \"My God…!\" she whispered, making a sign of the Cross, to which he rolled his eyes. \"Fifteen years…! Then how did you escape?\" \"I made friends with a priest…Abbe Faria…\" His eyes dimmed at the mention of the name. \"My one friend and companion…my teacher and father…he died while we were trying to dig a tunnel to escape…we were so close…\" \"What happened?\" she breathed, surprised to see him so close to tears. Closing his eyes, he inhaled through his nostrils before telling her, \"He was crushed under the very stone we had been digging through…but it was through his death that I escaped…\" He told her of slipping into the sailcloth sack, of meeting Luigi Vampa and befriending Jacapo, of coming to Marseilles only to find that the world he knew had changed. He told her of his travels around the world and of finding Haydee…And then, he told her of the treasure he inherited from his dear priest. \"The treasure of Monte Cristo,\" he said softly. \"I vowed that once I exacted my revenge on the three who betrayed me, I would do much good with those riches.\" Glancing down at her bare feet, Suzette felt her stomach tied in a knot as she confessed to him, \"…she never took it off, you know.\" Giving her an odd look, Dantes asked, \"What are you-?\" \"Mercedes,\" she said quietly, not daring to show her face to him. \"She never took of her ring…even on her deathbed, she called for you…\" She heard him suck in a deep, staggering breath. True, the \"ring\" was only a simple thread from her shawl, but she had remained true to her love. \"I thought you should know…she loved you 'til the very end…and she never wanted to believe that you were completely gone…I understand that now…but I was young when she wedded Fernand…and I was furious…it wasn't until she was dying that she told me her secrets…like how Albert is really…\" \"My son,\" he finished, surprising her. \"He told me…\" She remained silent, keeping her head down, her eyes on the floor. She didn't dare look up as she heard him near towards her. He sat beside her, and she stiffened at his touch. \"About what you said earlier…\" \"Edmond,\" she cut him off, her eyes stinging once more, her throat tight. \"I'm sorry…I had no right to snap at you, and I was foolish for saying those things earlier tonight-\" \"But is it true?\" he demanded, taking her chin in his hand and turning her face to him. \"Did you mean it when you said…you loved me?\" Jerking her face away, she covered it with her hands, wanting to curl up and die. \"I know you love Mercedes, and I can never be her, Edmond,\" she mumbled through her hands, tears flowing once more against her will. \"But I don't want Mercedes,\" he said stubbornly. \"Mercedes is gone…she married Fernand…\" \"And if she was still alive?\" she sighed, cleaning her face, ashamed at herself. \"I'll always be that little girl to you, Edmond. I will always be your friend…and nothing more-\" \"I love you, Suzette!\" he exclaimed, grabbing a hold of her shoulders so that they would face each other. \"God…if there is a God…God help me, I love you…perhaps even more than Mercedes!\" \"How can you doubt God?\" she exclaimed, aghast at his words. \"When you've been through as many trials as I have, my dear,\" he sighed. \"You would understand. Why did God punish me so…?\" \"But He brought you back…He made you stronger, wiser…\" Squeezing his hand, she gazed up at him, slightly distracted by his bare chest showing through the robe, and said, \"I know that you must have been the one to get Danglars and Villefort arrested…and now, Fernand…I don't blame you for that, Edmond. But now, it's over. Let Him back in your life.\" \"Why? Where was He when I was imprisoned? Whipped? Betrayed? Where was He?\" he cried, his own eyes watering. Hushing him, Suzette wrapped her arms around him and held him close. \"He suffered with you…and He's protected you all this time…you don't know how I prayed for you every night…how much we all missed you…He's everywhere, Edmond…even in an embrace…\" Letting a tear slide down his face, he clutched her to his torso, twisting his fingers into her dark hair, no longer caged upon her head, but free and flowing as it should be. He could feel her heart thumping along with his, her slender hands pressed against his back. Pulling away, he let himself gaze upon her in the moonlight. Somehow, she seemed unbearably beautiful. He let his fingers run on her cheek, down her neck, stopping at her collarbone where the ring hung. She shivered at his touch, watching with curious eyes at his actions. \"I meant what I said about you and Albert staying…but I'd like you to stay…as my wife.\" Her blue eyes widened at this as he held her hand and asked earnestly, \"Suzette, I love you…will you marry me?\" \"I…I…\" she stammered. \"Y-Yes!\" Throwing her arms around him, she wept joyfully. \"Yes, Edmond! I will!\" His heart began to soar – it was a strange feeling, one he hadn't felt in ages, but it was wonderful. \"I'm sorry…I'm afraid I don't have a ring…\" \"Yes, you do,\" she smiled, pulling back once more. Taking the chain off, she slipped the golden ring onto her finger, letting it glint in the moonlight. \"I've had it with me all along…and I've never taken it off since that day.\" He smiled, a true smile that seemed more like Edmond Dantes than the Count of Monte Cristo. \"Thank you,\" he whispered. \"You've made me so happy since I came to Paris…you've always been there…\" Leaning forward, he cautiously neared her face, waiting to see if she would turn away. She remained frozen, waiting, until at last, their lips met. They were both wary of the other, so Edmond started only by gingerly kissing her mouth as he snaked his arms around her form once more. Her heartbeat accelerating, she ran her fingers through his hair, curling the tamed dark locks. She gasped when his tongue ran over her lips – this was, indeed, the first real kiss she had received from a man. She didn't know much about this sort of thing, but she understood the desire within her. Opening her mouth, she let him enter, allowing him to taste her. \" Chocolate…and strawberries,\" he noted, his lips turning up in a grin as she was intoxicated by his own taste – rich red wine. Hungry, he nibbled her bottom lip, a moan stuck in her throat. His hot breath found itself upon her neck as his lips traveled up to her jawbone and behind her ear. Her body was shuddering now, his delicious kisses making her feel indescribable. \"E-Ed…mond,\" she struggled to say. \"Shouldn't we…I mean…I want to get…married first.\" He was making it extremely difficult while nuzzling her jaw-line and cheek. \"Hmm…yes, you're right,\" he chuckled into her collarbone, again causing her body to shake in torturous delight. Pulling away, she found herself gasping for air and gave him a dirty look as he laughed. \"That's not fair,\" she pouted. \"How soon do you wish to be wed?\" he asked, deftly changing the subject. \"We'll have to plan the whole thing out first…I'll have Jacapo in charge of-\" \"Edmond,\" she said, placing her forefinger over his lips. \"I don't want a big wedding. It's such a hassle…just you, me, Albert, Haydee, the Morrels…perhaps Eugenie and Franz could come…your wonderful servants must have the day off, of course…\" As she listed her thoughts, she let her finger trail down his lips to his chin, his neck, his chest… His heart pounded loudly as he struggled to pay attention to Suzette. \"We could have it in Marseilles…or maybe a little secluded spot…I don't need a new dress, I could use one of the gowns I have now…\" \"You will at least get yourself your own wedding dress,\" he insisted, wrapping his fingers around her hand and bringing it to his lips so he might kiss each finger. \"Something that suits you…perhaps…within the month?\" Placing her free hand upon his cheek, she kissed his lips before stroking his face. \"Yes…within a month…\" She rubbed her ring in anticipation as she smiled and said, \"I'll be Mrs. Dantes.\"[Chapter 9] Chapter Eight - A Fight to the Death Suzette yawned as the sun peeked through the curtained windows of the room, causing her to blink drowsily. Stretching, she looked over her shoulder as was surprised to see that Edmond had vanished. \"This shouldn't be any surprise, though,\" she muttered, running her fingers through her tangled hair as she sat up and adjusted her robe. She smiled at the memory of him pleading for her to stay with him as they fell asleep into each others arms… \"Milady?\" Suzette nearly leapt out of her skin when she heard the voice. Giving a sigh of relief, she looked to the doors and said, \"Oh, Jacapo…you startled me.\" \"Pardon me,\" he apologized, bowing, just as embarrassed. \"I just wanted to see if you were up yet…the Count has a message for you.\" Raising an eyebrow, the girl inquired, \"Which is…?\" \"He would like for you and Master Albert to join him and Haydee on leaving the city,\" he smiled. Suzette grinned, leaping from the bed to attack the faithful servant with a hug and kiss. \"Thank you, Jacapo!\" she said, rushing to her room to get changed. Jacapo remained there only a second, flabbergasted, until he went running after her. \"Milady! Wait!\" Waiting, however, was the last thing on her mind. Her heart skipping along with her feet, she scurried into her room and began searching for a proper dress. \"Milady!\" Jacapo gasped, at last reaching the room. \"I…was trying to tell you…\" \"Yes?\" she said, scarcely able to pay attention as she finally selected a gorgeous cerulean hued gown from her wardrobe. \"The Count is out,\" he explained, entering the room. \"He had…business to attend to.\" \"Something to do with Fernand, no doubt,\" she suggested, watching his response from his reflection in the nearby mirror. He nodded. \"Yes, mademoiselle…and I'm afraid Albert's gone, too.\" \"What?\" she asked, turning to face him, her brows furrowed. \"Well…where is he?\" \"He went after the Count.\" Both were surprised as Haydee entered the room, her eyes filled with concern and fear. \"The Count wants to make Mondego pay for his crimes…and Albert has gone after him to stop this. He still considers that monster his father.\" Suzette's stomach churned, making her feel nauseous. \"Do you know where they went?\" Jacapo nodded. \"And the Morrels…?\" \"Maximilian has gone to prepare the horses with the servants,\" Haydee responded. \"Monsieur Morrel and Valentine are to remain here.\" \"Good – we'd better hurry.\" Taking a few moments to change and clean up as quickly as possible, Suzette, Jacapo, Haydee, and Maximilian went off in search of three men… ~TCOMC~ Fernand could not believe the misfortune that had befallen him. After being declared bankrupt, he had had one too many drinks and nearly taken advantage of Suzette. The Count of Monte Cristo stopped him, but he also accused him of incest and rape, causing him to go into hiding. After the bad luck that Danglars and Villefort had suffered, he was in no hurry to join them for all his troubles. Taking off to an abandoned, run-down chapel in the countryside, Fernand had gotten word that some of the chests that Monte Cristo had received were hidden there. Taking off and finding the hiding place, he greedily opened the chests…only to find dirt and rocks inside. \"What is this?\" he gasped, frantically looking in each great box. The final chest that lay at his feet was locked securely, tempting his patience and sanity. Pulling out his pistol, he shot at the padlock, watching the metal contraption fall the ground. Throwing the lid open, his eyes widened at the sight of a single chess piece. It was then that a shadow fell over him. Jumping up, he prepared to pull out his sword when he recognized the tall figure hidden in the shadows…or so he thought. \"Monte Cristo!\" he exclaimed. \"What are you doing…?\" When the man stepped into the light, however, it revealed a clean-shaven gentleman, his dark hair now curling wild and free, his dark eyes locked onto his enemy. Fernand felt his heart rise to his mouth as he slowly realized who this man was the whole time. \"Kings to you, Fernand,\" Edmond said smartly, a small smirk upon his lips. \"Edmond?\" gasped Fernand, turning ghastly pale at the sight of his long-lost enemy. \"How did you…?\" \"Escape? With difficulty,\" he replied, taking a menacing step towards the man. \"How did I plan this moment?\" A wicked smile crossed his face. \"With pleasure.\" Drawing his sword, he lunged forward, causing Fernand to drop his pistol as he leapt back. The two were locked in a deadly dance, Edmond's blade nipping at Fernand's skin as the latter clumsily tried to fight back. \"Stop!\" cried a voice, and before they could blink, Albert jumped in front of Fernand, his sword pointed at Monte Cristo. \"Albert, you don't know what you're getting yourself into,\" Edmond warned him, watching as Fernand eyed his nearby fallen pistol. \"He may not be my real father, but he's the only one I've got!\" Albert frowned. At these words, Fernand paused, giving the boy an odd look. \"What the devil are you talking about?\" \"I warn you, Albert, this is not what you think-\" the Count entreated. \"Albert!\" All three heads whipped around to see Suzette rushing into the fray, Maximilian and Jacapo armed and following her, Haydee bringing up the rear. \"Albert,\" Suzette huffed, placing a hand on Edmond's arm, causing him to lower his weapon. \"Edmond Dantes is not dead…he stands before you.\" Albert's eyes grew large as he gawked at the man he knew as The Count of Monte Cristo. \"Then…you're my…?\" \"Believe me, Albert, I was just as surprised as you were when I found out,\" Edmond replied honestly. Albert turned, glaring angrily at Mondego. \"You caused him all this pain, married my mother, and abused my cousin…and I have the audacity to still believe you're my father?\" \"What are you all blabbing about?\" Mondego snapped. \"What's all this about Edmond being Albert's father…?\" Then it hit him. He snarled as he commented, \"It seems that your mother was a true whore, Albert…and your beloved cousin is not doubt following in her footsteps.\" With a flash of speed, he snatched the forlorn weapon off the ground and pointed it at the group. \"Yes, you do that,\" Haydee growled, showing her face to the man. \"You're still a coward hiding behind a gun…you haven't changed at all, Mondego.\" \"And who are you supposed to be?\" he challenged. \"Seven years, you went on a trip to Janina and made friends with the great Pasha, Ali…only to kill him so that his enemies might pay you a great reward.\" Once more, Fernand became pale at her words as she revealed a birthmark on the right side of her neck, hidden by the high collars of her grand robes. \"I am Ali's daughter, Haydee, and I, too, like my master, the Count of Monte Cristo, have awaited this day for many years.\" \"You've only got one shot, Fernand,\" Edmond warned him. \"You won't be able to get away so easily…and it will take more than that to kill me.\" With a wicked glint in his eye, he smugly stated, \"Yes, perhaps you're right…so I better put it to good use and place it where it belongs.\" With a sudden jerk of his hand, he fired the pistol, causing Suzette to fall onto her back. \"NO!\" Edmond cried, falling to his knees and cradling the girl in his arms. As everyone gathered around her, Fernand took this opportunity to run out and jump onto his horse. \"Suzette, forgive me!\" Edmond pleaded as Haydee and Jacapo strived to stop the bleeding. Suzette winced, the shock wearing off and the pain taking full effect. \"No…there's nothing to forgive…thank God he didn't shoot you.\" \"It would've been better if he had,\" he insisted, his heart throbbing. \"She's all right,\" Maximilian stated, examining the wound. \"It only grazed her shoulder. Count Mondego's a terrible shot.\" As they fussed about her, Fernand's voice called to them from the grassy plains outside. \"EDMOND! COME OUT AND FIGHT ME!\" Dantes, torn, looked over his shoulder at the opening in the wall and back at Suzette. \"Go,\" she whispered, her eyes filled with tears. \"But come back to me…Promise me you'll win!\" \"I have no intention of doing otherwise,\" he vowed, kissing her forehead. Glancing up, he saw Jacapo hand over his sword. \"Time to finish this,\" his friend nodded solemnly. Before he grabbed his blade, he placed his beloved in the arms of his son, squeezing his shoulder. \"Watch over your cousin,\" he said in a commanding tone before taking his weapon and running out. Squeezing her own eyes shut, Suzette prayed, \"Dear God…protect him and bring him safe and sound to me…I can't bear to lose him again!\" ~TCOMC~ \"I couldn't let you have the happy ending while I was left with nothing,\" Fernand stated as they shared steal. The two were once more engaged in a terrible dance, slicing and pricking at one another until one of them fell. From the walls of the degrading chapel, Albert, Jacapo, and Maximilian watched the battle, Haydee left behind to care for Suzette. Edmond tripped, losing his sword, but managed to distract his enemy by throwing a stone at his face. Scrambling through the tall grass, he snatched his missing blade, making a sudden movement as Fernand advanced on him and ran him through. Blood spurted from his mouth as he fell, beaten, to the ground. Casting a final glance upon Edmond, he gasped, \"What happened to your mercy?\" Breathing heavily, he glanced down pitifully at the man once considered his best friend. Recalling similar words of his friend, the Abbe Faria, he replied, \"I'm a Count…not a saint.\" With those final words shared, Fernand Mondego breathed his last and closed his eyes. Turning away from the gruesome scene, Edmond took off running back into the ruins. \"Well done, Zatara,\" Jacapo nodded as he reached his friends. Albert was pale but he nodded his approval. Edmond's eyes dimmed at the sight and he placed his hand upon the young man's shoulder. \"I'm truly sorry…I know that he raised you…\" \"Suzette raised me after Mother died,\" he shook his head. \"He was never really around…but I can't help but feel for him…\" \"I understand,\" he nodded. Giving a timid smile, Albert took his hand and said, \"Come…Father. Suzette's waiting for you.\" At the mention of her name, Edmond felt his stomach tie into a knot. \"Suzette…!\" Hurrying in with the group, he fell to his knees once more and held her in his arms. \"Darling, are you…?\" he started. \"I never thought I'd hear you say that to me,\" she laughed, wincing just a bit at the pain in her shoulder. \"We'll get you bandaged at once,\" he said, picking her up bridal style and holding her close to him. \"Fernand…?\" \"He's gone,\" he said softly. Wrapping her good arm around his neck, she clung to him and kissed his cheek. \"Thank goodness you're all right…I was so worried you wouldn't…\" Tears leaked out her eyes, causing him to hush her, kissing her cheek. \"I'm here…and I'll never leave you again.\"[Chapter 10] Chapter Nine - God Delivers Justice One month later, there was a wedding in Marseilles. The Morrels, the d'Epinays, and the household of Monte Cristo were the only recipients as they watched Edmond and Suzette exchange vows at the altar. Edmond's heart raced as he realized that this long awaited day was no longer a wish nor an out-of-reach goal, but reality. Suzette Chevalier was a vision in white, her dark hair free (at Edmond's insistence) and covered with her veil, decorated with Baby's Breath. Her dress had been bought in Paris; a simple, yet elegant gown, with off-the-shoulder sleeves that puffed out before they returned to cling to her slender arms all the way to her tiny wrists. Her bodice was embroidered with silver and gold in the shapes of delicate roses and leaves, while her silken skirt and train remained a pristine pearl white, trailing behind her. Smartly dressed in his proper tuxedo, his hair slicked back, he felt strange not having some sort of facial hair on his cheeks and chin. After sixteen years of not being able to shave, it was an odd but liberating feeling to have the sun and wind kiss his clean-shaven face. His heart began pounding faster as they placed their rings on each others fingers, both thin, plain gold bands. Then the words he's been longing to hear came at long last… \"You may now kiss the bride, Monsieur,\" the priest smiled. Blush came to his bride's cheeks as he leaned forward and kissed her rosy lips. Pulling back, they smiled at one another as their loved ones stood and cheered for them. Hand in hand, they left the church and headed for Jacapo's new ship, a gift from Edmond for his loyalty and help throughout this adventure. No sooner had they boarded the ship did a wagon pull up. \" Mi amici !\" called a large man, grinning from ear to ear. \"Luigi!\" Edmond smiled, running to the man and embracing him. \"You made it after all!\" \"Well…we had to deal with some business, if you know what I mean,\" the smuggler winked at his friend. \"We may have missed the service, but we figured it was better to be late than never come at all! We've brought you gifts-\" \"That wasn't necessary,\" Dantes shook his head. \"Ah, but you have given me so much, a gift or two wouldn't hurt,\" he shrugged. \"Thanks to your position and employment, I've become even more well-known and respected, and I may consider giving up this life…for a little while anyways.\" He chuckled. \"But now, let us join you in celebration!\" So it was that a band of smugglers, miscreants from far away lands, a Grecian princess, Parisian nobility, and the salt of Marseilles gathered together to the wedding feast of a sailor-turned-Count and his childhood friend. When it came time to throw the bouquet, Suzette was wasn't surprised and extremely pleased than Haydee caught the bunch of white roses, causing the Count to wink at his son, who blushed furiously. Afterwards, everyone said their goodbyes and left, wishing the couple well before they went home. Only Jacapo and the other servants remained behind with the couple and Albert and Haydee. After saying goodnight to the group, Edmond picked up his wife and stepped into a cabin that seemed more of a suite. \"I would've taken the Captain's cabin, but this is Jacapo's ship, and it's his own room…\" Edmond rambled on, causing her to giggle. \"It's all right,\" she reassured him. \"This is beautiful.\" \"We could've stayed in Paris for the honeymoon,\" he started, only to be silenced by her finger. \"We're going to travel to Janina and other places you've been to, remember?\" she smiled. \"That's a perfect honeymoon.\" Holding her in his arms, alone in the dimly lit cabin, the Count of Monte Cristo felt his heart suddenly racing. Setting her down gently on the bed, he nervously untied his cravat. \"Well…\" She remained silent, taking her veil off, careful of the flowers. She felt her hands trembling as she set the veil aside and took off her shoes. \"You're frightened?\" She looked up to see his face observing her. \"No…just…nervous, I suppose,\" she shrugged, rubbing her arms for warmth. He took her hands in his own, gazing into her blue eyes and said, \"I am, too.\" \"But…\" she felt her cheeks turn crimson as she asked, \"Didn't you do this before…with Mercedes, I mean?\" \"Yes, but…that was long ago…and we weren't married. I'm ashamed of myself for that, but I suppose it wasn't all bad. We had Albert.\" \"Yes,\" she smiled. \"That's true.\" Holding her chin in his hand, he said quietly, \"If you're frightened at all…or it hurts you…you let me know. I'll try to be as gentle as I can be with you.\" \"I trust you,\" she said, her eyes filled with love and devotion for him. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she leaned forward and said, \"I love you, Edmond.\" \"And I love you, Suzette,\" he whispered, placing his hands on her waist and leaning forward to claim her lips. It started as their kisses usually did – soft, sweet, and cautious. However, when Suzette felt him nibble her bottom lip, she released a gasp of surprise. Her mouth now open, he slid his tongue in and tasted her. Pressing her to his chest, he began to undo the buttons on the back of her gown, working deftly as he passionately kissed her. She could scarcely breathe with him kissing her so hard, and suddenly, she found herself yanking his jacket off, then his vest. He had finished with the buttons, but he wasn't finished with her. Moving his mouth from her lips, he planted kissed over her cheek and began working his way down to her jawbone. His hot breath on her skin made her heart race, her mind numb as she felt herself become warmer, addicted to him. Her fingers clumsily struggled to unbutton his shirt as she felt him lick her neck, hungry. Shivers running down her spine, she could feel his hands rubbing her shoulders, sliding the dress off of her body. She gasped once more as he pulled the gown away to reveal her in her undergarments. \"Edmond…\" she whimpered, her head in the clouds. \"Are you all right?\" she heard him ask, his nose buried in her hair. \"…your…shirt,\" she breathed, striving to clear her mind. \"Your stupid shirt won't come off and I can't think straight…\" He chuckled in her ear, sounding absolutely attractive as he helped her to unbutton his top and rip it from his body. He gently pushed her down onto the pillows as he continued to worship her with his mouth, his hands now working to pull off his shoes and pants. Nuzzling her lavishly on her collarbone and shoulders, she was dying in ecstasy. She felt her nerves work up when she felt him slide the skirt off her body, tugging it down her thighs and past her legs. Her eyes fluttered open to see him above her, looking like a god. She felt her skin flush a bright red hue as he continued to work at her undergarments. As she wrapped her arms around him, she gasped, feeling his scars from the Chateau d'If. \"Edmond…! What happened…?\" \"Just some reminders of my stay at the Chateau d'If,\" he shrugged, kissing her forehead. \"Oh, Edmond,\" she whispered, her eyes tearing up as she clung to him, kissing his neck affectionately. \"I'm so sorry…\" \"Don't cry, Suzette, it was a long time ago,\" he reassured her, smiling as he tenderly held her to his bare chest. \"It was worth the wait…\" At long last, the candles in the cabin blew themselves out, enveloping the couple in darkness as the two became one… ~TCOMC~ One Year Later... Gazing over the pristine sea, Edmond planted his sword in the ground before the daunting structure of the now-empty Chateau d'If. \"You were right, Priest,\" he said sadly with a smile. \"God delivers justice to those who deserve it. From this day forward, your riches will be dedicated to helping others.\" Turning around, he saw his small family walking up to him from the prison. Jacapo, Bertuccio, Baptistin, and Ali had remained faithful, never leaving their master's side though he continued to offer them their freedom, as well as many rewards. His son, Albert Dantes, continued to grow, handsome and bright, along with his fiancée, Haydee, who remained as graceful and beautiful as she had that first day they met. And then, there was his beloved wife, Suzette, her arms occupied with a little bundle of joy that had been born just last month which she had named Louis, after Dantes' own father. \"I had planned to tear this place down,\" he told them as they approached him at last. \"But I can't bear to do it now…\" \"Let it be a reminder of your time spent, the time that changed you into the man you now are,\" Jacapo suggested. \"And for your friend, the priest. We still don't know what happened to his body…\" \"Most likely, it is long gone in the depths of the sea, my friend,\" Edmond sighed. \"But his spirit remains here…that much I know.\" \"And your promise?\" Haydee spoke up. \"Faria's treasure will be sent to hospitals, orphanages, churches, and especially prisons,\" he replied. \"For food, blankets, and medicine to those who are as I was. We will only use what we need from this point on.\" Wrapping his arms around his wife and child, he couldn't help but smile at the way the baby's blue eyes lit up upon seeing his father. \"Yes, Faria, you were right all along…God will give me justice.\" Without another glance at the structure, he led them to Jacapo's ship awaiting them below, ready to begin a new adventure in this life… ~TCOMC~ 10 Years Later… 1842 – The Chateau d'If \"'God Will Give Me Justice,'\" a man read aloud. \"Hmph…just as he said, Auguste.\" Two men stood alone in the abandoned fortress, once a terrible prison. One was tall and slender with a moustache, appearing very much like a proper French gentleman. The other was a stout fellow, his eyes sparkling as he read the message carved onto the stone wall. \"Well…it looks like that Dantes fellow told the truth after all,\" the stout man noted. \"Yes, Alex, he told the truth about the message in the Chateau d'If…that doesn't mean that this fantastical tale is entirely true,\" the other argued, brushing off his coat. \"Either way, it's a magnificent story!\" Alex grinned. \"We must return to Marseilles at once to speak with out friend, Edmond Dantes!\" \"As I recall, another fellow dealt with a similar situation like the one that Dantes spoke of,\" Auguste said, stroking his chin. \"I'll have to check the records. I can't recall the name at this moment.\" \"It must be himself,\" Alex insisted as they continued to walk along through the gloomy place. \"Who else could it have been?\" \"Pi…caud…Yes! Pierre Picaud! I remember now! That fellow was arrested as well and-!\" \"Oh, poppycock!\" Alex waved it off. \"Auguste Maquet, you are an unromantic coworker!\" \"And you, Alexandre Dumas, and the most unrealistic daydreamer I've ever known,\" remarked his partner. \"Perhaps…but as I recall, about ten or twelve years ago in Paris, a strange Count came and turned the world upside down for many people…\" Auguste rolled his eyes at this, but he, too, was excited at the prospect of writing such an intriguing tale. \"And what shall we call it?\" \"What else? The Count of Monte Cristo! \" The End ","Summary":" Prologue \"Edmond!\" A handsome sailor of about twenty years of age spun at the voice of a delighte"},{"Movie":"Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart Ja...","Title":"The Mechanics of the Heart","Author":"HoneyBear1874","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11672465","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 \"Acacia! Miss Acacia!\" Clementine called out; she walked quickly through the streets looking this way and that for the dancer. Truthfully, she was getting quite frustrated and anxious; her uncle and aunt had made her promise to keep an eye on Miss Acacia, but she had run off somewhere. It was bad enough Clementine had lost her, but Acacia was taking a huge risk wandering around Edinburgh by herself when she was considered an illegal citizen. \"She has to be around here somewhere.\" Clementine fretted as her pace quickened; she liked Acacia well enough, but she was a bit flighty, couldn't stand staying in one place for too long. She was about to go back home and get her parents, but as she neared the town square, Clementine heard music; beautiful music, and voices singing. Clementine took a shortcut down the alley to the open square; Miss Acacia was there with an street organ and she was singing with a boy Clementine had never seen before. \" Does she know him?\" She wondered as she came closer; something prevented her from calling out to Acacia. It didn't feel right to step in; she and the boy were singing a duet, like they were the only two people in the square. They didn't seem to be aware of anything else but their song. Clementine giggled as they bumped into each other; they were talking now, but the boy had collapsed as they were leaning in. \" Oh god.\" Clementine froze. \"What just happened?\" A woman ran over to the boy and turned back to Miss Acacia with a glare; Clementine ran after Acacia as her thorns appeared and she took off. \"Miss Acacia!\" Clementine called out as she ran; she couldn't lose her again! What in the world just happened? Why was there smoke coming out of that boy's chest? Acacia came to an abrupt stop and whirled around, her thorns still covering her body. \"Clementine? Is that you?\" \"Yes. You shouldn't have run off like that.\" Clementine stopped and tried to catch her breath. \"You should be wearing your glasses. What if you got lost? You've only been here for a few months.\" Miss Acacia smiled apologetically and the thorns went right back into her skin. \"Want to sit down?\" \"Yes.\" Clementine all but collapsed as they sat down on a bench; she looked over at Miss Acacia, who seemed to be off in her own little world. \"Who was that boy?\" \"Hm?\" Acacia looked up like a startled bird. \"I don't know. He just started singing with me…\" She looked down with a gentle smile. Clementine sighed. \"Please do be careful. What if he found out about-\" She looked around quickly. \"-you're not from around these parts?\" \"I'm sorry. I just wanted to have a look around.\" Acacia said. \"Thank you for looking after me. I can't tell you how grateful me and my mummy are to your uncle and aunt.\" Clementine smiled. \"Just think, you'll be an official citizen of Edinburgh soon. We'll be going to the same school; maybe you can join the theater group. You have a such a lovely way of singing and dancing.\" \"It sounds wonderful. Do you suppose that boy will be there?\" Acacia asked dreamily. \"I'm not sure.\" Clementine replied. \"I've never seen him at school before. By the way-\" She looked fully at a confused Acacia. \"Why are you wearing your uniform? School isn't until tomorrow.\" Acacia smiled bashfully. \"Oh, I just like it I suppose. Red's my favorite color and this is the only red dress I have.\" Clementine frowned a bit. \"Was it hard moving here so suddenly? I imagine you'd have to leave most of your belongings behind.\" \"Most of my dresses and toys are in Spain.\" Acacia explained. \"But once we're legal, mummy says we'll be able to go back and get the rest of our things.\" \"Don't say that.\" Clementine said softly. \"I despise you referring to yourself as \"legal\" or \"illegal\". It makes it sound as if you're not even a person.\" \"You and your family are so kind.\" Acacia took Clementine's hands in hers. \"Shall we go now? I'm sure your parents don't want you out late, and I need to get back to your aunt and uncle's house.\" Clementine smiled and nodded. \"Yes, we should be going. Just wait, tomorrow I'll help you find your mystery boy.\"[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 That morning, Clementine went to school with the images of her parents forlorn faces in her mind. She had went downstairs for breakfast, happy to start a new school year, but her excitement wasn't shared. Her mom and dad gave her weak smiles and seemed to avoid her eyes. When she left, she caught a glimpse of tears in her mother's eyes and her father putting his hand over hers consolingly. What was happening? Clementine walked to school much less happy than when she awoke; in addition to her parents unexplained sadness, Miss Acacia didn't meet up with her on the way to school. Clementine approached the playground and scanned the crowd for her friend. \"Hello? Have you seen a tiny singer who keeps bumping into things?\" Clementine turned around swiftly behind her; over by the swings was the strange boy from yesterday. He was talking to a few kids, but they ignored him pointedly; he went to a few others with a polite smile to ask them, but they just laughed and walked away. \" So he's looking for her too? What in the world is going on?\" She thought as she stared at the boy curiously; suddenly, she felt dread well up in her chest. Joe was skulking nearby and he was glaring at the new boy menacingly. \" That bully.\" Clementine thought with disdain; he was going over to the boy, who began talking to him animatedly. Clementine noticed the other kids hesitating to draw closer; they were undoubtedly scared of Joe's wrath, scared he would turn on one of them. \"And what do you want with this tiny singer of yours?\" Joe asked the boy imperiously; as much as Joe towered over him, the boy was still smiling unaware of his intentions. \"I'd like to give her a pair of glasses.\" He replied; Joe's eyes narrowed and he leaned forward to speak to the boy. \"Her name is Miss Acacia; and no one is allowed to so much as mumble her name, except me.\" Joe's voice lowered and the boy grew nervous; there was no mistaking the threatening tone. Clementine gasped; something had just popped out of that boy's chest. A little bird, and there was a loud ticking noise as Joe pulled open the boy's jacket. It was a clock; the boy had a clock where his heart should've been. Clementine glared as Joe smirked and threatened the boy once more before walking off to a corner of the yard. The other children began closing in on the boy with jeers. He frowned sadly, but didn't retaliate; he seemed more upset that he couldn't find Miss Acacia than anything else. \" Wait, if Joe knows Acacia…\" Clementine took a deep breath. She didn't want to get picked on either, but she had to know where her friend was. It seems that Joe was in love with her, surely he'd know something. \"Joe!\" Clementine called out and began jogging over to Joe; he sneered at her apathetically. \"What do you want?\" \"You know Miss Acacia?\" Joe's eyes widened and then quickly narrowed in suspicion. \"Yes. Not that it's any business of yours.\" \"It is.\" Clementine insisted; she didn't want to make him angry, but this was important. \"My aunt and uncle knew her mother. She was staying with them, but she's not at school today.\" She was careful not to mention anything about them being from Spain; she didn't know if Joe could be trusted. He stared at her and Clementine noticed a trace of sorrow in his cold eyes. \"Miss Acacia has fled to Spain. Her mother was caught and thrown in prison.\" Joe answered; he pulled out a card from his coat pocket. \"She slipped this card under my door last night; I don't know where she is now.\" Joe looked at Clementine accusingly. \"Your aunt and uncle told the police. They betrayed her.\" Clementine stared at the card in disbelief. \"No.\" She whispered. \"They wouldn't…\" She looked up at Joe, trying to hold back angry tears. \"You're lying!\" Clementine ran off into the building before he could say another word, not caring she just called the biggest bully in the school a liar and that he would surely make her life hell for the offense. The rest of the school day went by in a blur and Clementine rushed back to her house. \"Mom, Dad-\" Her tears spilled over; they were in the living room, and seemed to have been in deep conversation before Clementine had burst in. \"Darling,\" Her mother spoke up. \"There's something we need to tell you.\" \"It's about Acacia and her mom?\" Clementine said her voice thick with tears. \"I heard at school. How could they?\" She ran over to her parents and they both held her as she sobbed. \"Please don't hate your uncle and aunt for this.\" Her dad said softly. \"It was wrong what they did, but they're our family. They're misguided, they don't know better.\" \"But we do!\" Clementine said. \"You wouldn't have turned her in, right?\" Her parents looked at each other sadly; it pained them to see their daughter like this, to have a harsh reality of life made known to her so soon. \"Some people make mistakes my love.\" Her mother brushed back her hair. \"Your aunt and uncle aren't bad people. It's horrible, but foreigners aren't given much thought in our country. We're so sorry.\" Clementine spent the night tossing and turning in bed, a large hole in the pit of her stomach. She thought her uncle and aunt were good people. How could they? Even if Acacia and her mom weren't citizens, they were still people, and now Miss Acacia was all alone somewhere. \" She's probably so scared.\" Clementine thought as more tears welled up in her eyes. \"Does she hate me now? What's going to happen to her?\" She fell into a restless sleep and dreamed of looming figures that circled around her with accusing glares, street organs, and cuckoo clocks. She hoped Acacia had her glasses.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Over the next couple of weeks, Clementine spent most of her time off on her own; she had only cried a bit. Most of her time was spent in silence, wondering what had happened to Miss Acacia. Today she looked on sorrowfully as Jack was being harassed by Joe and the other kids; she found out his name through the grapevine. Everyone was talking about the odd boy with the cuckoo clock heart. He lived with Madame Madeleine, the rumored witch; there were three rules that he had to follow: control his temper, don't play with his clock's hands, and to never, ever, fall in love. Clementine smiled ruefully. \"Too late.\" Jack had continued to ask here and there about Miss Acacia, but no one would say anything; Clementine wondered if he knew the whole story of her departure. She wanted to go talk to him, but she didn't want to get on Joe's bad side. Somehow, he had left her alone since the incident; Clementine supposed Joe was too broken up over Miss Acacia to really care. All his attention went to tormenting his rival; it was obvious that Acacia was just as taken with Jack, not that Clementine was going to break the bad news to him. Besides, she still needed to ask Joe something. Clementine approached Joe warily; he was alone. He didn't seem to actually have any friends; perhaps Miss Acacia was his only one. Clementine briefly felt sorry for him before remembering it was his own nastiness that kept him isolated. \"You again. What do you want now?\" Joe barely spared her a glance. \"Please, have you heard anything else from Acacia?\" Clementine asked softly. \"In the card she sent you, did she mention me or where she is?\" Joe scanned her. \"Who are you anyway?\" \"Clementine. Please, I need to know. Is she mad at me? I had no idea my relatives would…\" Clementine felt her eyes sting; she didn't want to cry in front of him, but she felt so much guilt. It had been eating at her constantly and she could hardly bear it anymore. \"She only said she wouldn't be able to write you.\" Joe said dismissively. \"It would've been too risky if your aunt and uncle had somehow found out you two were in contact. The police are still looking for her.\" \"Why didn't you tell me before?\" Clementine asked angrily. \"You ran off and called me a liar. Didn't get a chance, now did I?\" Joe said lightly; his glare was piercing. Clementine looked down. \"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that. I just didn't want to believe it. She was my friend.\" \"She wants me to send you news.\" Joe replied after a minute; he sounded almost bitter. \"I'm sure she doesn't blame you. If you want to say something to her, write a note, and I'll send it with my own.\" \"Really? You'd do that?\" Clementine asked incredulously; she couldn't believe her ears. Joe scoffed. \"Don't get the wrong idea. Miss Acacia asked me to.\" \"Thank you Joe. Can I give you a letter tomorrow?\" \"Fine. Just don't hand it to me in front of people.\" \"Of course.\" Clementine nodded. \"Joe?\" \"What now?\" His tone was cutting, yet Clementine wasn't afraid of him anymore. \"Are you in love with Miss Acacia? Do you really love her?\" Joe's answer was immediate. \"Yes. I'd do anything for her.\" Clementine paused. \"Did she mention Jack to you? About how they met?\" He looked momentarily surprised. \"No. What did she say?\" \"I saw them myself. He loves her and I think the feeling is mutual.\" Clementine said carefully; she felt that he deserved to know. \"That naive freak!?\" Joe spat out before regaining his composure \"I doubt it, but either way it doesn't matter. She's not writing to him, is she? She didn't send him a birthday card, did she?\" Clementine refrained from mentioning that Miss Acacia probably would if she knew Jack's address or that he even attended the school. She decided to leave out how they looked at one another; she was sure Joe would dismiss whatever she said anyway. \"Will you try to find her then?\" Clementine asked. \"I know you can't now, but if you do someday, may I come with you?\" Joe stared at her perturbed. \"Why would you want to do that?\" \"To see Miss Acacia. To apologize for my uncle and aunt.\" Clementine said as she wiped away her tears. \"I want to know she's okay. I told you, she's my friend.\" \"And you want to go with me?\" \"Yes.\" Clementine said. \"If you know where she is, I'd like to go too.\" Joe simply stared at her for sometime; Clementine flushed under his intense gaze. Did he think her odd? She just wanted to know Miss Acacia was okay. \"You shouldn't talk to me so familiarly.\" Joe said lowly. \"Let's make one thing clear; we aren't friends.\" \"Okay..\" Clementine agreed quietly; did she give him the impression that she wanted to be? Yet, perhaps Joe wasn't as cold as he appeared; he didn't have to tell her that Miss Acacia asked for her or let her send correspondence through him. Still, that didn't mean she approved of his methods or the way he treated others. She certainly didn't want to be his friend, but if he was the only one who could get her to Miss Acacia, she'd have to interact with him. \"So, can I?\" She inquired once again. \"Fine.\" He conceded reluctantly. \"Miss Acacia seems to regret having to leave without saying goodbye to you…\" Clementine smiled for the first time in days. \"Thank you Joe. If there's anything I can do to repay you-\" \"Just leave me alone and stay out of my way.\" Joe said and turned away firmly. Clementine felt relieved as he left and smiled to herself at the prospect of making things right and getting to see Miss Acacia once more.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Clementine had spent over a year sending letters to Miss Acacia through Joe; he had told her that she needn't worry, he wouldn't read them. He couldn't care less what they talked about, just as long as she kept quiet about Jack. Clementine was quite sure he didn't want Acacia knowing how cruel he was to the boy she truly loved, that, and he didn't want her to find out who or where Jack was. From her letters it was clear that Miss Acacia thought of Jack everyday; she had told Clementine all about her new life in Andalusia, and that she didn't blame her for what happened. Regardless, Clementine got the impression that Acacia wasn't as carefree and trusting as she once was; there was a carefulness in her letters, and Clementine was tempted to ask Joe whether it was apparent in his too. She decided not to though; she didn't want to give him any reason to make him change his mind about her coming with him to Andalusia one day. In addition, Clementine just didn't want to talk to him more than necessary. Truthfully, Joe confused her. The way he bullied Jack, how the others were too scared to disobey him, and they way he seemed to rule over them like some tyrant, made her disgusted. Then she would see him give the smallest, tenderest of smiles when he read his letters; no one else seemed to notice, or at least they knew better than to comment. He would take forever to write a response, sometimes Clementine would have to wait days before she could send hers with his. Joe seemed to truly love Miss Acacia; she was the only one not subject to his scorn or indifference and Clementine couldn't help wonder why he couldn't show this side of himself more often. She paused in her letter; should she mention it to Miss Acacia? No, she didn't want to get tangled up in this love triangle. But she was curious; what was Joe to Acacia? Were they merely friends or did she have feelings for him before she met Jack? Clementine decided to ask; after all, Joe had only asked her not to mention Jack, and he wouldn't read her letters. She picked up her pen and began writing: Dear Acacia, The weather is quite cold in Edinburgh; Spain sounds wonderful, and I'm so happy you've become a dancer; I've always said you had the most lovely way of dancing and singing, no doubt you'll become famous someday! Things are quite boring here. School drags on and the dreary weather doesn't help. I spend most of my time studying or reading for fun; some days I play my violin and remember how we used to perform together in front of our parents. I wish you were here. I wanted to ask you something, I do hope I'm not prying, but are you really still in love with that mystery boy? I only ask because I was wondering whether you and Joe were together; he seems quite fond of you, but I don't want to make assumptions. He's a very complex sort of person, and if you have feelings for him, I want to make sure he's the right person for you. You deserve only happiness after everything you've been through. Your friend, Clementine \"Here Joe.\" Clementine passed him her letter before recess; he took it quickly and stowed it in his coat pocket for later. \"Leave. The others are coming.\" Joe whispered harshly as students began to file out of the building; Clementine left swiftly and sat on the swings on the other side of the yard. She glanced over to him now and then; she noticed Joe often seemed to be supervising the others, rather than actually doing any playing. He caught her eye and frowned before looking away. \"Hey, Big Ben!\" A small group of kids had come over to where Jack was sitting on his own; he was playing with his hamster, a solemn look on his face. The group closed in on him and one of the children snatched away his hamster. \"Give him back!\" Jack demanded; he never stood up for himself, but now he was standing tall with his hands balled into fists. One of the boys sneered. \"Take him back!\" He tossed the squealing hamster over Jack's head and the others began to play a monkey-in-the-middle sort of game. \"Please, you're hurting him!\" Jack cried out as he raced back and forth trying to catch the hamster, but it was no use. He was too short and slower than the others; Clementine could see he was trying to hold back for fear of damaging his heart. One of the boys pushed Jack down and kicked him in the chest, dangerously close to the clock. \" How can they be so cruel?\" Clementine asked herself; she couldn't bare to watch. She thought of Miss Acacia and how heartbroken she'd be seeing her love in pain. She thought of her uncle and aunt, who broke their promise, who had a stubborn prejudice against people whose only crime was that they weren't from this country. Clementine felt her chest tighten and before she could stop herself, she began yelling at the group. \"Stop it!\" She ran over and pushed down the boy who was kicking Jack; he fell to the ground with a surprised gasp. Clementine grabbed the hamster from the other boy; the children were gaping in surprise. \"Here. I'm so sorry.\" Clementine said gently as she cupped the little hamster in her hands and gave him back to Jack; he was looking as stunned as everyone else. \"You're all despicable, hurting a defenseless animal!\" She turned to the group. \"Cowards! Jack didn't do anything to any of you!\" \"Hey, it's none of your business!\" One of the girls retorted; she walked right up to Clementine and shoved her back a few steps. \"That doesn't mean I shouldn't help him.\" Clementine said. She turned away from the scowling girl and crouched down beside Jack. Clementine pulled him to his feet. \"Is your heart okay?\" \"Yeah.\" Jack groaned a bit as he stood up; his rubbed his chest and grimaced. He looked at Clementine curiously with a tiny smile. Clementine turned back to the others. \"Leave him alone or you'll have to deal with me.\" One of the boys grabbed a handful of mud and threw it right into Clementine's face; she was blinded temporarily and one of the kids pushed her down in a puddle. She wiped mud from her eyes as the kids laughed and jeered. Jack was staring wide eyed at the scene; if he was to jump in, he'd wreck his heart from the strain. \"Stop it! Leave her alone!\" He cried out; the others ignored him and took turns throwing mud at Clementine, and soon her whole uniform was soaked and dirty. She didn't try to stop them; she felt she deserved every blow for not stepping in sooner to Jack's defense. \"What's going on here?\" Joe's low voice rang out over the yard. The other kids stopped immediately to give him their full attention. \"She was trying to help Big Ben.\" A girl said nervously; Joe scanned them all and his gaze rested on Clementine for a minute. \"I said you could wind up Big Ben. I didn't say anything about messing with her.\" He jerked his head to Clementine who was still lying still on the ground. \"Leave her alone. She won't be stepping in again.\" One by one the kids left and went to other parts of the playground; Jack stood there glaring defiantly at Joe. Clementine raised herself up slightly. \"I won't Joe.\" He turned to her quickly. \"What did you say?\" His voice was a mere hiss. \"I won't just let them pick on Jack. I should've helped sooner.\" She turned to Jack and smiled sadly. \"I just hope you can forgive me.\" Jack went over to her. \"You never did anything to me.\" \"No, but I just stood by and didn't speak up when an innocent person was being hurt.\" \"I won't let you help me.\" Jack said stubbornly; Clementine stared up at him puzzled. \"What? I can't just stand by and do nothing anymore.\" She told him. \"I won't let you get hurt because of me.\" Jack said firmly; he turned to Joe. \"Your problem is with me. I don't want her involved; it seems you think the same.\" Joe sneered. \"The only reason I stopped them is because I owe her.\" \" Owe me? For what?\" Clementine wondered. Jack stared Joe straight in the eyes before turning back to Clementine; he handed her a handkerchief. \"Thank you, but don't worry yourself. I'll be fine. Take care!\" He smiled and waved before running back into the school. Clementine stared at it briefly before using it to wiped off her face; it didn't do much, but she was thankful at the sentiment. \"Why did you interfere?\" Joe asked roughly. \"Miss Acacia would've done the same. It's wrong how you and the others treat him and it was wrong of me to ignore it.\" Joe was silent before scoffing. \"I mean it; if you do that again, I won't send your letters anymore.\" Clementine glared at him. \"Fine. I just hope you realize what kind of person Jack is and what kind of person you are. If you do, than you'll see why Acacia loves him.\" Joe pulled her up roughly. \"Shut your mouth. You don't know anything. I only helped you because Miss Acacia cares about you.\" He pulled off his cravat and threw it in her face. \"Clean yourself off. Try anything like that again and it's no more letters.\" Joe stalked off leaving Clementine to clutch the cloth in confusion.[Chapter 5] That day, Clementine made her way up the hill to Madame Madeleine's steeple home in a dense fog. She looked over her shoulder the whole way, watching for a tall dark shadow looming in the alley's or behind the trees as she walked. Clementine tried not to walk too quickly; it was odd enough she was paying a visit to the rumored witch's house, but she didn't want to attract any attention. If she were to be honest with herself, she didn't truly believe the rumors; but as the sun was going down and the fog became thicker and the air grew chillingly cold the higher she climbed up the hill, the more Clementine wondered. \" A clock for a heart...who else but a witch might make such a thing happen?\" Clementine fretted as she stepped over the stone path, the rocks covered in patches of green mold and saw the dead tree in the yard shake with the wind, the branches knocking against each other, rattling like bones- \" Stop. Don't chicken out now, you wanted to come. Besides, look at Acacia; she can grow thorns, but she's not a witch. I'm letting my nerves get the best of me that's all.\" But Clementine's nerves didn't just have to do with the barely legitimate rumors; she knew if she waited, the longer she would put this off. It's not as if she could speak with Jack in school, Joe would see. She couldn't invite him over to her home; doing so would require talking to him directly, and that being said, she wasn't entirely sure how her parents would react to the strange boy. Clementine reached the door and knocked before she could talk herself out of it and run back down the hill; to her surprise, it wasn't an elderly woman that swung open the door, but a relatively handsome woman, who despite her lovely looks, had a severe frown and grey hair. \"Good evening.\" Clementine inclined her head in a polite nod. \"Is Jack home?\" Madeleine narrowed her eyes. \"Are you one of his schoolmates?\" \"Yes, I go to-\" \"Are you one of them who keeps making him come home sulking and somber as a storm cloud? Every day he comes in, dragging his feet and looking as though he has a rain cloud hovering over his head.\" Madeleine's words came out more clipped as she spoke and Clementine felt herself shrink under her gaze. \"You have no business being here. Please, go back to wherever you came and leave my boy alone.\" \"Madame, I'm not...I never picked on Jack. But I do want to say I'm sorry.\" Clementine held her breath as Madeleine sent her a withering stare. \"An apology? Then, what did you do?\" Clementine opened her mouth slightly but closed it; she wouldn't argue that she didn't have something to be sorry for. If she didn't, she wouldn't have come in the first place. \"Well?\" \"...nothing. I didn't do anything to Jack and I didn't do anything for him. Please...can i just speak with him for a moment?\" \"Clementine?\" The flowing skirt of Madeleine's dress was pushed aside; Jack stood next to the midwife, head poking out from around the doorframe. Madeleine's gaze, still shrewd, softened ever so at the sight of her adoptive son. \"Jack, go on inside-\" \"Madeleine, this is one of my friend's from school.\" Jack piped up immediately; Clementine didn't affirm or deny it as she stood on the steps, waiting to be dismissed. \"Either way, you still have school work to finish.\" \"I want to speak with her.\" \"Jack,\" Madeleine looked weary, gazing back and forth between Jack and Clementine. After what seemed like forever, she sighed. \"Very well. Five minutes.\" Jack brushed past Madeleine, who, after one last hard look at Clementine, closed the door shut. The two of them stood and gave each other nervous smiles; Clementine had to look up slightly. Jack had grown over the last year, but he was still half of Joe's size. The thought of him made Clementine remind why she was there. \"Jack, I…\" \"You don't have to say anymore. Does Joe know you're here?\" he thought of his bully's earlier warning; his cold glare was intimidating enough, but Jack never thought he would send a friend such a look. If Clementine and him were truly friends. Clementine smiled humorlessly. \"No. Jack, I wish there was a way I could make him leave you alone. But I'm in a bind myself; I owe another apology to somebody, and I won't be able to see them again without Joe's help. I won't be able to forgive myself...\" Jack's wide eyes darkened. \"Miss Acacia?\" \"Yes.\" \"Where is she?\" \"I can't tell you that. I don't even know exactly where she is.\" Clementine confessed. \"I truly am sorry. I can't risk getting Joe angry again or he might not deliver my letters anymore.\" Jack frowned deeply, a hand over his heart; it made the softest of ticking noises, it was doubtful it could have been audible if not for the eerie stillness of the hill. \"Why though? What happened with Miss Acacia and you?\" Clementine shuffled her feet against the stone and looked away from his steady gaze. \"You already knew she had to flee the country. My aunt and uncle took in her and her parents; they stayed there for some time. They had promised Acacia's parent's they'd help get them permits; those were good times. We would play music for my parents, she'd sing, I'd play. Even then, her voice was so beautiful, I could never get it out of my head.\" Jack gave the smallest, tenderest of smiles. \"I know.\" \"My parents told me the whole story much later.\" Clementine paused and held herself tightly at the memory. \"Her father was at work in the docks when the police came; he tried to fight them, but…\" Jack stared in slight horror as Clementine cupped a hand over her trembling mouth. \"They came for her mother the same day; she made Miss Acacia leave the house, in the cold snow. They took her. My relatives betrayed them. If I had known, I would have done something. I felt so helpless after I heard; I never brought myself to see them again and everyday I don't know how I could ever make it up to Miss Acacia. The least I can do is see her in person and apologize for what they did. For what I couldn't do.\" Clementine took out the handkerchief from her pocket; it was Joe's, still a bit stained from the mud. She herself had barely managed to change into clean clothes before journeying to Jack's home; she used the cleanest parts of the cloth to dab at her eyes. \"It's not your fault.\" Jack's frustrated stare was kind and sympathetic. Clementine managed a weak smile. \"You're a good person Jack. I'll keep my fingers crossed for you; I should probably go, before anyone sees me...\" Clementine trailed off and clenched her eyes shut as she sighed heavily. \"I'm so sorry I can't help you.\" \"I understand.\" Jack said. \"But you should look after yourself. Joe is dangerous, I wouldn't put it past him to betray you anyway.\" \"Maybe.\" Clementine said softly. \"I know he's only helping me for Miss Acacia's sake. I suppose you and me are in the same boat as far as having no friends to turn to.\" Jack laughed. \"I wouldn't say that.\" Clementine started as he held out his hand; she took it tentatively and they shook. \"One day, I'll try to find Miss Acacia on my own. I won't be able to live if I can't see her again.\" Jack said with more boldness than she had ever heard from him. \"If I see her before you, I'll send you her address directly so you won't have to rely on Joe.\" Clementine let go of his hand with one last squeeze. \"Thank you Jack. Take care of yourself.\" \"Take care.\" Jack disappeared inside the old house; suddenly, it didn't look so odd anymore. Clementine smiled to herself as she walked down the hill, passing the dead tree with the odd grave crosses underneath; even they looked strangely charming. She felt different, lighter; even the fog didn't look so ominous as she went home, ready to start tomorrow anew. \" So, she's forced to rely on me, Big Ben?\" Joe's thin profile was easily obscured behind the tree; his dark clothes perfectly allowed him to lurk about without being seen, and the clouds of swirling fog only added to it. He sneered as Clementine passed, not noticing him at all as she almost skipped down the hill; she almost slipped on the wet grass, but even then she just chuckled to herself and continued on her way carelessly. It was so annoying; she had disobeyed him, she had deliberately went behind his back and went against everything he had told her to do. Joe took her letter to Miss Acacia from his coat pocket; he had half a mind to rip it to shreds right then and there and throw the remains off the side of the ledge. He should. She had disrespected him, ever since the day she had approached him, Clementine had been throwing a wrench in his well oiled machine that was his life. And now, after all he had done to tolerate her, she was turning traitor for that freak of nature. The letter was now crumpled in his white knuckled fist; Joe snarled under his breath. He'd show Big Ben what for. He'd show that stupid, air headed girl what happened to traitors. He stomped over to the ledge and took the corners of the envelopes in his fingers, starting to tear it right down the middle. She had to be put back in her place; she had to know where she stood, this was her punishment for speaking with that ticking fool, for sneaking around, for essentially lying to him, for- \" She looked so happy.\" Joe let the letter fall from his hands; it landed on the damp, muddy ground, but he was able to pick it up before it was dirtied. The letter was signed from her in looping, neat letters; there was even a stamp with a red rose in the top right corner. Clementine had smiled at him gratefully, though it was tight lipped and her shoulders and arms were tense as she took off hurriedly. There was no reason to stick around to chat; he didn't want her near him and he wasn't her friend. Not once had Joe ever seen her so happy as she had been running down that old, foggy, ugly hill after talking with that runt. He wiped a smudge of dirt off the back of the envelope and stuffed it back into his pocket. Joe walked slowly so not to run into Clementine on the way back to the town; the moon began peering out over the dimming sky as the fog sluggishly parted and he could see clearly for the first time.[Chapter 6] Dearest Clementine, Joe and I? No, we're only good friends. We met not long after me and my parents came to Edinburgh. We became friends after he saved me from falling in a pond. I felt so sorry for him; I know he can seem cold, but he's not really. He's so afraid of change, of losing control, and he'll do anything to keep things the way they are. He can be so kind, but he can be selfish when he wants something. I feel bad for leaving so suddenly, but it couldn't be helped. I do miss him, but I miss that boy even more. Still, as often as I think of him, I like my new life here. I've met so many interesting people, people like me who aren't considered normal. My thorns are the least strange thing in this circus. I wish you could be here. Joe's been saying that some day soon you and he will stop by. I look forward to it and I'm glad to hear you're well. Sincerely, Miss Acacia Clementine read the letter with a small smile; if only Acacia knew what was really going on. Or maybe she knew Joe better than she did. Was he really so vulnerable under his exterior? She wouldn't know; still, he did give her his own cravat to wipe off the mud… \" But that's only because he loves Acacia. I'm glad I finally spoke my mind.\" Clementine thought. Jack was still being picked on, but no one had bothered her since that day. In fact, people seemed to be going out of their way to avoid her. Now more than ever she missed her friend; the only other person she talked to nowadays was Joe. \" I hope this is clean enough.\" Clementine inspected the cloth she held in her hands; the cravat was a pristine white once more. Joe would surely make a fuss if it wasn't. \" He really didn't have to give me this though. It was enough just to tell the others to leave me alone.\" Clementine wanted to believe Joe wasn't as bad as he seemed; every now and then she caught glimpses of the real him, the one who smiled softly and wrote careful, heartfelt letters, who seemed to be hiding under a shell of cruelty. She wanted to know that Joe, and she wasn't entirely sure why. \"I must be quite lonely then.\" Clementine said with a sigh; she tried to keep her focus. She was drawing a rose, red and in full bloom, the kind Miss Acacia loved so much. It was a warm day and she sat by the school's garden to sketch. \"I hope she'll like it.\" Clementine smiled softly at her work. \"Why aren't you in the school yard?\" Joe stood behind her, his form casting a shadow over her. She looked around startled. \"I didn't want to be there.\" Clementine replied; she hid her sketch book from his view, but he snatched it from her. \"Hey, that's mine!\" Clementine said trying to take it back, but Joe held it out of her reach with a bored expression; the last thing she needed was his criticism. Joe studied the drawing and the rose bushes. \"This is good, but the shading needs some work. Do you draw often?\" Clementine felt taken aback. \"Um, sometimes. I'm going to send it to Acacia when it's done.\" He handed it back and sat down beside her; Clementine couldn't help staring at him expectantly. \"What are you staring at?\" Joe asked sharply. \"I was just wondering why you're-oh!\" Clementine pulled out the cravat. \"I almost forgot, here. It's clean.\" Joe took it and looked at it with a frown. \"I didn't ask for it back.\" \"I just assumed you'd want it.\" Clementine was thoroughly confused; why was he here then? \"Why did you help Jack, even though you knew it would upset me?\" Clementine narrowed her eyes at him. \"I think it's wrong how you and the others treat him, just because he's different.\" \"He's just a freak who made a mistake when he tried to take Miss Acacia away from me.\" Joe said. \"I won't lose to him. Not that I'm very worried; he doesn't even know where she is.\" \"Joe, why do you love Miss Acacia?\" He turned to Clementine; he didn't seem to know what to say. \"She was kind to me. She's charming and enchanting; she's a wonderful person, the first to ever know me. I won't just give her up.\" \"I see.\" Clementine and Joe sat in silence for some time. It was kind of nice to just sit with him, but she was feeling a bit sad for some reason. \"Do you?\" Joe asked suddenly. \"Have you ever been in love?\" \"No.\" Clementine shook her head. \"What about Jack?\" Joe glanced at her with a scowl. Clementine smiled. \"Yes, but not in a romantic sense. I think he's a kind person. I feel bad he has to live without love because of his heart.\" Joe grunted. \"Just don't try anything like that again or else, remember?\" Clementine's smile fell from her face. \"I know.\" \"Don't look so down.\" Joe said getting up. \"We'll be leaving anyway for Andalusia in a couple more years.\" \"What do you plan to do once we're there anyway?\" Joe had never really said what would happen once they met up with Acacia. \"I plan to ask Miss Acacia to marry me. If she does, she'll become a legal citizen of Edinburgh. We'll be together.\" Joe smiled ever so slightly and Clementine was struck by how handsome he was. She had once heard that a woman looks most beautiful when she's in love; she supposed the same went for men. \"I don't understand you at all.\" Clementine stood up and began walking away; her stomach was twisting and she wasn't feeling so good. \"What does that mean?\" Joe blocked her way. Clementine looked up at him. \"You're not what you seem and I don't know what's you or what's a facade. Love can't change people, but it can bring out the best of them. I wonder if that's what's happened to you.\" Joe seemed almost stunned before his expression turned stone-like. \"That's really none of your business. Why do you even care?\" Clementine was stunned; she didn't really know herself. She walked around Joe and didn't answer. Joe made no move to stop her; instead, he gazed at the roses for some time before spotting Clementine's sketch on the ground. \" She dropped it.\" Joe thought; after some contemplation, he put it away in his coat and walked back up to the school.[Chapter 7] Clementine was feeling a bit down as she wrote to Miss Acacia; Joe was demanding she just give him her letter. He wanted to send his as soon as possible. Dear Acacia, I'm glad you've made a new new life in Andalusia. Joe says that since he's turning of age, he'll be able to embark on a journey to see you; I'm coming along with him, and I just can't wait to see you. Not much has changed here; Joe is the only person who talks to me, and even then, he's not much of a talker as you already know. I wish I could understand him. I want to know why he acts so cruelly, but then so kindly. Joe doesn't seem to know how to make friends, but for some reason I want to be his. I want to see him smile as he does when he reads your letters. Why do I feel this way? Perhaps you know or perhaps I'll find out myself at some point. Am I going mad? Your friend, Clementine Only after a week did Clementine get a response from Acacia. Dearest Clementine, How do you feel when you talk to Joe? Does your heart soar, do you feel yourself being lifted up into the air? Is the feeling so encompassing you can feel it imprinted in your soul? This is how I feel when I think of the boy I fell in love with. Clementine, are you in love with Joe? It's a truly wonderful feeling to be in love. He mentions you in some of his letters; he talks about how you stood up for this one boy, how you like to draw. I think he cares about you Clementine. Give him some time and perhaps he will grow to care for you even more, if that is what you wish. I suppose love is different for everyone and I shouldn't make assumptions myself. I'm sorry to hear about school; you're a lovely person, and I can't wait to finally see you once again as well. Sincerely, Miss Acacia \" What?!\" Clementine reread the letter. \" He mentions me?\" A great feeling of warmth flooded through Clementines body; did he really see her as a friend? \" I don't love Joe. That's ridiculous.\" Clementine thought firmly. \" Besides, he loves Miss Acacia. Not me…\" Clementine looked on as a group of children sang to Joe for his birthday; it was a slow, solemn song, not like they were celebrating at all. It was kind of a sad sight in all honesty. Joe looked incredibly apathetic to it all; Clementine supposed he knew that everyone was just afraid of him and she felt a bit bad. \" If he wasn't so mean, he'd have friends.\" Clementine reminded herself, but it didn't make her feel less sorry for him. \"I'd like to be a friend to him but he just sees me as a pest.\" Though he had talked about her and he had been nice to her when there wasn't any real reason to; why couldn't he be like that all the time? Recess was soon over and Joe made his way up the school stairs; Clementine noticed Jack walking behind him, no doubt trying to avoid his tormentor. Jack had grown, but he still wasn't strong enough to defend himself and his heart was still fragile. Clementine's gaze went back to Joe and as it did, something fluttered out of his coat. Jack picked it up and read it; it was Miss Acacia's letter. She had told Clementine she'd send Joe a card for his birthday earlier. \"Oh no.\" Clementine's eyes widened; Joe had noticed that Jack had taken his card and they were fighting over over it. They had ended up tearing it right in half. \"Joe, don't!\" Clementine screamed; Joe was holding Jack by the neck and choking him. He pinned Jack to a pole and began messing with his clock while Jack gasped for breath. \"You'll hurt him, stop it!\" Clementine tried to pull Joe off but he pushed her away; he glared at her bitterly. \"Defending Big Ben again? I told you to stay away from him!\" He continued to tinker with Jack's clock, and he suddenly let out a terrible scream. Clementine's eyes widened in horror; the little bird in Jack's heart had stabbed Joe in the eye. She stared blankly as Joe flailed and let go of Jack, who escaped over the fence with one last panicked look at her. \"Joe! Somebody help!\" She yelled over to the kids huddle behind the door; one of them ran and got a teacher, who called for a doctor. They took Joe away in an ambulance; Clementine went with them, cradling Joe's head. He was passed out and a temporary bandage covered his eye. Blood was seeping through it already. \"Miss, what happened?\" A police officer asked her. Clementine struggled to keep her voice from trembling. \"Jack...Joe was messing with his clock heart, and it...his eye…\" \"It's okay Miss.\" The officer said gently. \"We're looking for Jack now, but it seems he's fled.\" \"Jack didn't do anything wrong.\" Clementine said steadily. \"It was an accident.\" she didn't want to say that Joe had been choking him. \"We need to bring him in for questioning. Several of your classmates said he provoked Joe.\" \"That's a lie.\" Clementine said firmly; the officer turned away from her and went to talk with the paramedic. \" Joe, what were you thinking?\" Clementine pushed a lock of hair from his forehead. In no time, Joe was lying in a hospital bed, his wound cleaned and properly bandaged. He had lost a lot of blood; the doctors said they had to take out his injured eye and that he may need to be on pain medication, but he would be okay, as long as the wound wasn't infected. Clementine barely heard a word; she gazed down at Joe, tears falling down her face and onto her lap. \" He lost an eye over a card. He must really love her.\" Clementine was struck by an unfamiliar pain in her chest; she pushed that feeling aside and told the doctors she wanted to stay. Her parents were in another part of the country and she was fine to stay there until he woke up. Every hour she changed his bandage and adjusted his pillow; when he looked pained in his sleep, she stroked his brow until his face was calm once more. It was during this that Joe had awoken, his eyes slowly opening. \"Where's Jack?\" Joe whispered. His voice sounded throaty and Clementine handed him a cup of water; as he drank he gasped in pain. He looked into the room's small mirror to gaze forlornly at his own reflection. \"My eye's gone, huh?\" Joe chuckled weakly. \"You idiot.\" Joe looked at Clementine in surprise. \"You're an idiot.\" Clementine sobbed angrily. \"You just had to go messing with his clock! He never did anything to you, and now you paid for it!\" she glared at him through her tears. \"You could've died if the doctors hadn't gotten there soon enough, died from blood loss or an infection! How do you think I would've-\" She stopped and turned away from him, ashamed at her outburst and for him to see her like this. Joe stared at her blankly, his dark eye unfocused. \"You were worried about me?\" \"What does it matter?\" Clementine asked wiping her face. \"You just do whatever you want without thinking. You don't care about anyone else but yourself and Acacia.\" \"Clementine, thank you.\" She looked at him startled. \"Huh?\" \"You stayed with me this whole time, didn't you? Even when I pushed you away, you wanted to make sure I was okay.\" Joe said quietly looking at his hands. \"You're a better person than I am...I suppose I had this coming.\" Clementine didn't speak; this wasn't the same Joe she was used to. He actually seemed sincere. \"I realized something the moment that accursed clock pierced my eye. I was wrong for how I treated Jack.\" Joe said almost to himself. \"But that doesn't mean I'll give up on Miss Acacia. He has the half of the card with her address. He's probably on his way there.\" Clementine studied Joe incredulously. \"You don't want to go now do you? Your eye needs to heal!\" Joe shook his head carefully. \"Not yet. But soon.\" he flinched as the action pained his wound. \"Don't move.\" Clementine gently pushed him back on the bed. \"You can't make it worse. Please, you have no idea what it was like to see you in so much pain.\" She unconsciously put a hand to his cheek as tears rolled down her own cheeks freely; he wiped them away and took her hand in his. \"It's okay. Thank you for worrying. I'm sorry to have scared you...I'm sorry for everything.\" \"Who are you?\" Clementine laughed weakly; this had to be a hallucination. \"An idiot according to you.\" Joe smiled wryly. \"You should go home, get some sleep.\" \"No. I'm fine here.\" \"Nonsense. Go and rest. Come see me tomorrow if you can.\" \"Okay.\" Clementine conceded and with one last glance, walked out of the room. She felt surprisingly light, as if she was going to float up into the air.[Chapter 8] \"So, what do you think?\" Joe turned to face Clementine with an expectant look. Clementine studied him with a frown. \"What?\" Joe asked. \"It looks….\" \"What!?\" Joe's voice rose slightly. \"Dashing.\" Clementine smiled; Joe narrowed his eyes, but smirked slightly. \"You think so?\" Joe looked into a mirror; the eye patch was plain black and fitted well over the hole where his eye used to be. It was a bit unnerving to think of, but Clementine had to admit, it oddly suited him. \"Yes, I do.\" Clementine assured him firmly. Joe sighed. \"Today's the day Clementine. We're going to Andalusia. I didn't mention the incident to Miss Acacia. I wonder what she'll say?\" Clementine tried to look happy. \"She'll be so delighted to see you. The real question is, what will you do if Jack is there?\" Joe frowned. \"It doesn't matter. I won't give up without a fight; Jack isn't my enemy, but he is my rival.\" \"Be careful okay? Jack probably hates you, and honestly, I don't think you blame him.\" Joe shook his head. \"We'll leave in an hour. Anything else you need to pack, do it now.\" He left the room and Clementine sighed. In less than an hour they were riding in Joe's carriage on the way to Andalusia; it took a few days, but the ride was far from boring. Joe and Clementine talked and she was grateful for the time they spent together; it was almost as if they were a young couple on holiday, but she knew it wasn't so. She was so surprised at this change in him; he hadn't completely turned a new leaf, but he was so much more...noble and he was openly kind to her. Several times during the trip he had asked if she wanted to stop the carriage for anything, and he would help her in and out of it on their stops. \"How much longer until we're there?\" Clementine asked lightly; she was so looking forward to seeing Miss Acacia, but at the same time she was dreading it. \"Just a few more hours.\" Joe stared out the window looking quite distracted; Clementine was sure his thoughts were only of Miss Acacia. \" I can't wait until this is all over.\" Clementine thought. \" I can't stand being here with him. Joe, I love you. I want you to be happy, but my heart is being torn in two.\" Clementine wanted Jack to be there before them, to have already revealed himself to Acacia, and they would ride off into the sunset together; that way she wouldn't have to see Joe go off with someone else. But then he'd be miserable, and that thought pained her even more. She had confessed to Acacia about her feelings, but she hadn't heard back from her yet; was Acacia actually in love with Joe now? \"Are you okay?\" Clementine smiled slightly. \"Just a bit tired. Look!\" They came to the circus gates; a man who was just a head and limbs rolled past and a boy flapped his ears like wings. Clementine looked out the window with amazement, while Joe looked on amused at her wonder. It was dark out, and the strings of lights shined as brightly as the stars and the moon. \" How romantic…\" Clementine thought ruefully. \"There she is.\" Joe said breathlessly; Clementine looked in the same direction and saw a beautiful woman dancing in a bright red dress; roses adorned her dark hair and she moved as gracefully as a sparrow. \"It is!\" Clementine smiled brightly; here was her friend, well and happy. She looked so carefree; Clementine was a bit worried, but Acacia seemed to burn as brightly as she had before. After the show, Joe let Clementine see Miss Acacia first. She walked into her trailer hesitantly. \"Acacia?\" Miss Acacia was packing her suitcase hurriedly; she looked up quickly and her eyes widened. \"Clementine? Is that really you?\" They ran to each other and hugged and laughed. Clementine pulled away slightly. \"Look at you! You're even more beautiful and your singing was superb.\" Miss Acacia beamed. \"Thank you, I've missed you ever so much.\" \"Are you going away? It's a good thing me and Joe came now.\" Clementine commented glancing at the suitcase curiously. \"I reunited with the boy from that day.\" Acacia smiled warmly and sat down on her bed; she patted the space next to her and Clementine sat down. \"He's here?\" Miss Acacia nodded. \"We're going back to Edinburgh together and then we'll go traveling around the globe!\" Clementine smiled back. \"That's wonderful! I wish you all the luck in the world.\" she hugged Acacia, trying to hide her sadness; Joe had come too late. \"Acacia, I'm so sorry about-\" Miss Acacia raised a hand up. \"No, no apologies. You didn't do anything. You were nothing but kind to me Clementine. I just wish I could have stayed and went to school with you like we planned.\" Clementine was incredibly relieved. \"Joe is here with me. He's still in the carriage, but he wants to talk to you too.\" Miss Acacia smiled coyly. \"Oh, and you've been with him this whole time? So, have you given my letter any thought? I never got your reply.\" \"What? I sent you a letter but I never heard back from you.\" Clementine replied and Acacia stared back at her blankly. \"How strange. I never received your-\" \"Clementine, could you give me and Miss Acacia a moment?\" Joe had appeared in the doorway with a bouquet of red roses. \"Joe! How nice to see you.\" Acacia smiled slightly; her greeting to Clementine was much more enthusiastic. \"I'll just leave you two to talk.\" Clementine left quickly without looking at Joe or Miss Acacia. \"I'm so sorry Joe.\" Clementine sighed softly; she felt horrible knowing that his love would be unrequited, but she also felt guilt for the surge of happiness that Joe wouldn't be taken away so soon. Not that he had any feelings for her, but she didn't know how she could handle him being with another. \"Clementine?\" Jack stood not too far from her with a surprised smile; Clementine smiled back timidly. \"Jack, how have you been? Are you okay?\" \"I'm wonderful!\" Jack said taking both her hands with a fond smile. \"I've reunited with the love of my life and-wait.\" he paused and let go of her hands. \"What are you doing here?\" \"I'm here with Joe.\" Clementine confessed. \"To see Miss Acacia. She was our friend.\" \"Joe's here?\" Jack frowned. He turned back in time to see Miss Acacia burst out of her trailer, thorns completely covering her body. Clementine back away as they argued; Jack was pleading with her, but Acacia turned away from him and went back into her trailer in tears. \"We'll be leaving soon Clementine.\" Joe appeared at her side. \"Joe, what did you say to her?\" Clementine demanded. \"I told her about Jack's heart. How falling in love could kill him and how he gouged out my eye.\" Joe explained simply. \"Did you leave out the part where you attacked him first?!\" Clementine glared at him, disgusted when he didn't say anything; she ran back into the carriage. Joe hadn't changed at all. \"What am I even doing here?\" Clementine asked herself as she watch Joe and Jack argue from the carriage window; Joe confessed that while he had seen the error of his ways, he wasn't going to hand over Miss Acacia. Acacia ran over to stop Jack from fighting Joe. After a moment, Jack fell to the ground in despair as they got into the carriage. Clementine wished she could do the same.[Chapter 9] Before they could get very far, Miss Acacia ran away from the carriage. She had wondered whether Jack would be okay and if Madame Madeleine could fix his heart; Joe mentioned that Madeleine had passed away in prison when they couldn't find Jack. She died presumably of a broken heart and so would her son. Miss Acacia raced out of the carriage with a quick apology and disappeared into the night. Clementine hoped she would reach Jack in time. Joe had tried to go after her, but wasn't able to follow when another carriage had blocked his way; by the time it passed, Miss Acacia was nowhere to be seen. Joe stood alone outside, his shoulders slumped and his head bowed slightly. Clementine stepped out of the carriage. \"Joe. I'm so sorry.\" She couldn't bear to see him this way; she had never seen him look so defeated. \" I can't do anything for you.\" Clementine thought sullenly. \" You and I are in the same boat.\" \"I don't need your pity.\" Joe said after some time; he walked past her and made his way to the carriage. \"Get in, we're going home.\" \"No.\" Joe turned to her sharply, but she wouldn't let him say anything. \"You go back to Edinburgh. I'm going to stay here for a while. Have a nice life Joe.\" Clementine walked away into the desert; she was tired of love, tired of her heart beating too fast or feeling ready to tear in two. \"I thought you loved me.\" She turned back with her mouth gaped open; Joe was standing right behind her. \"What are you talking about?\" Clementine asked averting her gaze. \"I read your letters. I'm sorry.\" Joe said quickly at her enraged expression. \"I meant it when I said I wouldn't but then you…\" \"Then I what?\" \"After you stood up to me that day, when you helped Jack, I found my thoughts slowly consumed by you. I never really saw you until that day; I became curious about you, who you were...and what you thought about me.\" Joe confessed. \"It was your influence that made me see what I was doing wasn't right.\" Clementine was still confused. \"Then why did you let me come with you? You weren't worried that my feelings would get in the way?\" \"No. You're a good person. Not selfish like me.\" Joe smiled ruefully. \"I just wanted you to come with me. I didn't want to go anywhere without you.\" \"Why?\" Clementine approached him; what in the world was he saying? \"I think I'm in love with you. I knew that Jack was Miss Acacia's love, and that he would find her before me. I'm not entirely sure of what I feel or how it happened.\" Joe said uncertainly. \"I just know I won't be able to live if you leave now.\" Clementine frowned. \"Joe, you love Acacia. I accepted that a long time ago. Don't give me false hopes.\" \"Please believe me.\" Joe took her hands in his tightly. \"You stayed with me the whole time I was in the hospital. You wanted to know me for who I was, you had some faith in me, you helped me even when it meant you would be hurt in the process.\" He lifted one of her hands to his face and smiled sadly. \"I'm just sorry I didn't tell you earlier, that I wasted so much time on someone who wasn't meant for me.\" \"Joe, if Miss Acacia was here right now and didn't love Jack, would you still be standing here with me?\" Clementine looked up at him doubtfully. Joe stared right back into her eyes sternly. \"I love you. If you don't think I'm the most despicable person you've ever met, then please, give this fool a chance.\" he chuckled. \"Even if you say no, I won't stop going after you.\" \"I'm sorry Joe, I don't know what to believe. I think you're confused. I don't know if I can trust you.\" Clementine pulled away. \"Goodbye Joe.\" she ran off back to the circus holding back tears. \"Clementine!\" Joe yelled after her; but she too was gone.[Chapter 10] \" I thought I loved her.\" Joe thought as he watched Miss Acacia run off to find Jack. She had disappeared into the night, and though she couldn't have gotten far, Joe didn't feel the need to pursue her. His shoulders slumped and he bowed his head. \" Why? I came out here for her. All I feel is disappointment that I lost to Jack.\" For years Joe had been fixated on Miss Acacia alone, everything he did was somehow connected to her; he had made plans for their future together, plans to take her away with him and… \" And then what?\" Joe asked himself. \" Get married? If that's what I want, why don't I feel worse that I've lost her? Why isn't my heart breaking like it did when she had to leave town?\" Perhaps it was because he knew deep down that Miss Acacia had eyes only for Jack; he was simply too stubborn to give up, and now his foolishness had cost him an eye and indirectly breaking the heart of an innocent girl. Clementine had been with him the whole time and had not once hinted that she didn't want Joe to pursue Miss Acacia; all she talked about was what they should see once they were in Andalusia and how happy Acacia would be to see him. But then, she was always a kind soul; Joe felt a twinge of guilt for reading her correspondence with Miss Acacia, but he couldn't stop himself. He had burned to know what Clementine spoke about and whether she mentioned him; he didn't know why, just that he was curious and that the temptation to look was too great to push aside. She had confessed her love for him in her last letter and as Joe read her delicate handwriting he felt as if his heart was going to stop. He wanted to find her and talk to her, but he didn't. He was so sure that his love was still for Miss Acacia and Miss Acacia alone. Joe stared desolately out into the night sky. \" Why did she stay with me in the hospital? Why did she approach me even knowing who I was? Why couldn't she just leave me alone?\" He was so confused since that day and he resented Clementine for it; she had disrupted his peaceful, well planned out life, and she had brought these strange confusing feelings along with her. Clementine made him feel guilt for what he was doing and pain when she cried; he felt happiness when she smiled and anger when she was wronged. Joe would feel his chest tighten when she went over to give him her letter; she would smile softly and he had to stop himself from begging her not to leave, even though it was he who demanded she not be seen around him. \" I'm thinking of her when I just lost the woman I loved.\" Joe thought suddenly. \" What am I doing...?\" \"Joe. I'm so sorry.\" Clementine's soft voice rung in his ears and he immediately felt shame that she was seeing him like this. Joe looked at her sharply and resumed a cold manner. \"I don't need your pity. Get in, we're going home.\" He walked back toward the carriage expecting to hear her footsteps as she followed. \"No.\" Joe froze, not believing what he had heard. \" No? What does she mean no?\" Joe felt a stab of panic his chest as he faced a resolute Clementine. \"You go back to Edinburgh. I'm going to stay here for a while. Have a nice life Joe.\" she said with a hint of bitterness and began to walk off. \" She's leaving.\" Joe thoughts were racing. \" No. No, she can't. I won't let her.\" He all but begged her to stay; he told her everything, staring into her sorrowful eyes and he could tell she was just as confused as him. Joe took her hands and he was struck by how tiny they were, how warm they were to the touch; he confessed his love, swore it to her, but Clementine didn't believe him. \"Clementine!\" Joe yelled out as she ran off into the desert; he knew she was probably going after Miss Acacia, back to the circus to help Jack. \"She's leaving to help that ticking time bomb.\" Joe hissed; the rage he felt when Clementine had stood up for Jack before had increased ten fold. Only now did he recognize it as pure jealousy. \" But she said she loved me. She's probably going for Miss Acacia's sake, that's all.\" Joe tried to assure himself; his mind was in a haze. Clementine was gone and she ran away from him; his true love was gone and Joe could feel his own heart breaking as if it was made of nothing but cogs and wheels. \" They're probably going back to Edinburgh.\" Joe thought to himself; his driver was staring at him, unsure what to do. \"We're going to Edinburgh.\" Joe ordered and quickly got into the carriage. \"Now. I don't want us to stop until we're there.\" \"But sir, we'll need time to fill up on fuel and-\" \"Fine, but if we stop, make it damn quick!\" Joe commanded and the driver snapped the reins; the carriage bolted and they were on their way, but Joe couldn't relax. It was pure torture to know Clementine was out of his sight and he hadn't slept or ate during the trip. He would stare out the window, praying that he'd perhaps see her, but it was futile. \" Clementine, forgive me.\" Joe thought rubbing his watering eyes; he hadn't felt tears since he was a small child. Then again, he hadn't felt a lot of things until recently. \" What if she doesn't love me anymore? What if she's gone somewhere else and she despises me?\" Joe asked himself as they arrived in Edinburgh. He couldn't think that way now. He had to find her and when he did, he would never let her go again.[Chapter 11] Clementine went with Miss Acacia back to Edinburgh; she consoled her as she fretted over Jack and when they went to his home, she stayed back to give them privacy. \" Please, let everything be okay.\" Clementine prayed. Acacia had been up up there for a while now and Clementine was getting anxious. \" It'll be okay. She has the key to Jack's heart.\" After a few more minutes, Miss Acacia came out from the house, tears rolling down her pale cheeks. \"Acacia?\" Clementine asked tentatively. \"What happened?\" Miss Acacia fell into Clementine's arms. \"Jack's dead. We kissed and his heart broke down. I killed him Clementine.\" she sobbed softly into Clementine's shoulder. \"No, don't say that.\" Clementine said gently. \"Jack died because he chose to. He loved you so much, he couldn't bear living if it meant you weren't in his life. He was happy because he loved you.\" \"I don't know if I could ever love anyone else.\" Acacia blew her nose in a handkerchief. \"You don't have to.\" Clementine said. \"Just don't give up on it. Love can happen anywhere. Live your life the way you want to. That's what Jack would've wanted.\" Miss Acacia gave her a watery smile. \"I suppose so. Thank you for everything Clementine. I'm sorry.\" \"What do you mean?\" Clementine asked quietly. \"Joe. You love him, but you left to come help me.\" Clementine shook her head with a sad smile. \"That's only part of it. Joe said he returned my feelings.\" \"Oh that's wonderful!\" Miss Acacia smiled slightly but frowned. \"Then what's the problem?\" \"I don't know if he truly does. I don't know if he still has feelings for you. Even if he didn't, I don't know who he really is, and I never really did.\" Clementine smiled sadly. \"Love sure is a pain, no?\" \"Joe has his faults, but he isn't the same man he used to be.\" Miss Acacia said. \"I can tell. It's like he's grown into the kind of person he truly is. It's because of you.\" \"I doubt that. I think nearly dying was an eye opening experience for him.\" Clementine cringed at the wording and Miss Acacia giggled lightly. \"Clementine, don't let love pass you by. I regretted not spending more time with Jack when I could; you love him, so take a chance.\" Clementine mulled over these words as she walked to the town square; the sky was black and dotted with stars. She stopped by the spot where Miss Acacia and Jack had their dance; if only things were different. If only Jack was born with a normal heart, or if Miss Acacia never had to flee. If only Clementine was as beautiful and charming as Miss Acacia, more confident in herself, then maybe she wouldn't doubt it when Joe said he loved her. The moon hung over her head and she couldn't help marvel at it. \"So beautiful.\" \"My thoughts exactly.\" Clementine turned around slowly; Joe stood behind her. His eyes were red and his clothes disheveled. As tired as he felt, he stared at her with determination. \"Jack died.\" Clementine said shortly. \"He kissed Acacia and passed away peacefully.\" Joe didn't know what to say. \"Is she okay?\" \"No, not really. But she's going back to Andalusia and then she's going to go traveling.\" Clementine explained with a soft smile. \"And you?\" Clementine looked back toward the sky. \"I feel sad; I'm sorry I couldn't get to know Jack better.\" \"That's not really what I meant.\" Joe said quietly. \"I don't quite know.\" Clementine took a deep breath. \"Do you really love me Joe? Do you still have feelings for Miss Acacia?\" \"No. You're the only one for me. I care for Miss Acacia, but it's not the same way I feel for you Clementine.\" He walked closer to her; he searched her face desperately. Clementine looked him in the eyes. \"I don't hate you Joe; I'm just scared. I don't want to get hurt.\" \"I don't want to hurt you.\" Joe said taking her hands in his gently. \"I love you. I already told you, I won't give up. I'll spend the rest of my life chasing after you if that's what it takes.\" Clementine smiled and held Joe's hands closer to her lips. \"In that case, I suppose it'll be easier if I just stay with you forever.\" Joe smiled and cupped Clementine's face in his hand. \"I would really like that.\" As they kissed they floated up into the sky and sat on the moon. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 \"Acacia! Miss Acacia!\" Clementine called out; she walked quickly through the streets lo"},{"Movie":"Tower of Terror","Title":"Never Leave","Author":"Rainlily216","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8352224","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Lightning Strikes Ok, I was watching TOT the other day, and an idea came to me. What if there was another victim, another ghost waiting years for the freedom to move on. The characters in this do not belong to me, except for Keira. They belong to Disney, as does the hotel, the story line and everything else. Please tell me what you think! Thanks and Enjoy! Rainlily216 The sun had set, and the lights of the Hollywood hotel had come on. The band had just begun playing 11 floors up, but you could hear them from the lobby just the same. It's lively tune made me want to go up there even more, but mom and dad insisted I go home, seeing as I had a cough and didn't feel all that great. Didn't mean I wanted to go though. I was standing by the lobby doors, when a whole mass of photographers swarmed the doors, cameras already flashing. Standing on tiptoe, I could barely see a bellhop struggle through the crowd of photographers, laden with bags, followed by a woman with a dark hat, an umbrella, and a smart suit, who I assumed was a nanny by the look of her. And right behind them came a third person, and my jaw dropped as I got a good look at who it was. It was Sally Shine! The famous child star and America's sweetheart! I watched as she posed for pictures, smiling cutely at the cameramen, and as she did, I also saw another little girl, with dark hair in braids and a brown and green dress. She seemed angry, and was giving Sally glares full of hatred, not that Sally noticed. As she walked by the front desk after the nanny, I saw something shiny slip off her wrist and fall. She hadn't appeared to notice, but I felt it was something important and grabbed it. It was a bracelet, gold, with two hearts on it. Plucking up the courage, I ran up behind her and tapped her on the shoulder. \"Excuse me, Miss Shine, but I think you dropped this,\" I said, watching her blue eyes light up in happiness. \"Oh thank you! It would have been horrible if I lost this! Thank you so much!\" she said, and hugged me, starling me at the suddenness of it. \"Um, your welcome Miss Shine,\" I said, my ten year old mind going crazy over the fact that a movie star had hugged me! \"Oh call me Sally. Miss Shine makes me sound old!\" she said, and we both started laughing, as the camera flashed all around us. \"What's your name?\" she asked, and I had to shake myself out of my laughter to tell her. \"It's Keira. Keira Fox,\" I said, and we shook hands, just as her nanny came over to us. \"Come along Sally, the elevator won't wait!\" she said, gently taking the girls hand. \"Sorry Mrs. Partridge, but I was just saying thank you to Keira here. She brought me the charm bracelet when I dropped it,\" she said, smiling at me in thanks, her white teeth shinning in the light. The nanny looked down at me approvingly. \"Well thank you lass, that was kind of you. Now Sally, lets get going,\" she said, giving me a smile before turning around, the girls hand in her own. \"Well it was nice meeting you Keira!\" she said, before being lead away by Ms. Partridge. On impulse I ran after her, waving. \"It was nice meeting you too Sally!\" I said, watching as she, Ms. Partridge, a bellhop and a man and woman entered the elevator; Sally stepping out to give on last curtsy to the cameras. Mrs. Partridge pulled her back in before the doors shut, and before they closed she gave me a happy wave, which I returned. And then she was gone, as the elevator left the lobby. I smiled widely. I had meet Sally Shine! I felt like I could go home now, but as I walked outside, where the car was waiting for me on the curb, a bolt of lightning hit the side of the building, sparks flying as it slammed against the stone wall. Gasping in shock, I almost thought I heard screams, and that's when I realized that the lightning had not hit any wall, but the wall covering the elevator shaft. Racing back inside the hotel, everybody in it was panicking. I looked around, trying to find out what was happening, when suddenly my parents were there, holding me in there arms, both of them shaking like leaves in the wind. \"Mom, what's happening?\" I asked, fear creeping into my heart as people wee pointing at the elevator, like it had crashed or something. \"Honey, lightning struck the elevator,\" my dad said, and my mother held me closer, like she was scared I would disappear. I didn't know how right I was, for hours later, after the police had been called, and had forcibly opened the elevator, the people in the elevator, including Sally, had vanished. The hotel was searched, people questioned, etc. But they were never found. An actress, a nanny, a bellhop, and a man and woman, who I later found out was a famous actor and a singer respectively disappeared that night. I knew that I'd never see Sally again. Or so I thought. What do you think? Bad? Good? Please review and give me your thoughts![Chapter 2] Chapter 2: A Decade Of Waiting Yeah my first comment! Let's answer it shall we? LadyOfSlytherin101: Thank you so much for always looking at my stories! I'm so glad you like it! For inspiration, I just take things as they come, like the idea behind this story came from just watching the movie for the first time in a year. Music is a wonderful inspiration, which is where that song from LBT came in so handy, because it just fit so well! I absolutely love the compassion idea, it's seems like a great quality to have. I'm looking forward to your next update with great interest. I also had a question. Even though I'm mainly focusing on HRSF 2, I'm also juggling TOT and Sweeney Todd, and since you were one of the reviewers of it, do you think I should continue it? Please let me know, and I hope you like this chapter! This chapter is also dedicated to the wonderful author, LadyOfSlytherin101, who was my first reviewer, and also a great follower of my stories, and I highly recommend that you read her story, because it's great and fun to read! Ok, enough babbling, on to the chapter, which is painfully short! I will strive for a longer one next chapter, I promise! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. 10 years. That's how it had been since the Hollywood hotel had closed its doors for good. It's also how long it's been since Sally Shine disappeared. True, I had been only 8 years old when this happened, but that horrible night stood out in my memory with complete clarity, like it had only happened yesterday. Still, the years had gone by, and the year was now 1949. I was 18, and living basically on my own. Not by choice, I'll tell you that. You see, my parents had died in a car accident when I was 18, and though I lived with my uncle, he wasn't around much, either always away on business trips, or at the office. I was usually alone, which I liked, but there were times when I wish I could be around other people, but then I'd get scared, that I'd lose them or they'd leave. Just like my parents and Sally did. Yes, I still thought of Sally. People thought I was weird for liking a star that had mysteriously disappeared 10 years ago tomorrow, and thought that I should move on. But something always made me want to go back, back to see if I could uncover the mystery surrounding the hotel. Tomorrow was Halloween, the 10th anniversary of the disappearance, and I wanted to go there. My uncle wouldn't care, he'd be too busy to be concerned, but in a way I did understand. He was a businessman of Hollywood, and since so many films were up and coming, he wouldn't realize I'd even left. As soon as I got out of work the next day, I would go there, and stay the night. The Hotel had always been a part of me, what with my parents and I staying there so often. The nightlife there was always happy and exciting, or so I remembered. I was looking forward to going back, even if it was just for the night. I just never knew that it would be my last. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Sally's P.O.V. Across town, the Hollywood Hotel sat dark and quiet. The power had been shut off for years, and the place had gotten quite dusty and had an abandoned feel to it. At least that's how Sally felt. She had been a ghost for ten years now, and was still getting used to it. She was glad that she wasn't alone though. Carolyn Crosson and Ms. Partridge were nice to be around, Dewey the bellhop always made her laugh, and even Mr. Gilbert London, with his dry and sarcastic demeanor, was ok to be around. Still, she was the only child, and she often wished that she could have another girl her age around to talk to. This often made her think about Keira Fox, a nice girl who she had meet just before she became a ghost. She had never gotten her age, but she seemed to be about 8, if so she would be 18 now. She wondered if Keira ever thought of her, and wished she would come back to the hotel. But she never did. Still, Sally never gave up hope, and since tomorrow was Halloween, maybe Keira would come back and the curse would be lifted. Maybe. I know it's short, but the next chapter is where it gets good. Well, not for Keira that is. I will update either late tonight or tomorrow. Please give me your thoughts! Thank You![Chapter 3] Chapter 3: A Life Destroyed Ok, new chapter! I must warn you in advance that this chapter is not pleasant, and if you don't like scenes that involve death and blood, then I ask you to stop reading right now. If you don't mind it, I hope you don't think it's too fake sounding. Hope you enjoy, as much as you can with this chapter anyway. I walked out of Fragrance, the flower shop I worked at, locking the door tightly behind me. On of my few friends, a sweet 17-year-old girl by the name of Jenny, followed me. Tonight was Halloween, but it didn't seem that there was going to be any dry trick or treaters tonight, seeing as a thunderstorm had blown in, the rain already soaking the streets. I pulled up the collar of my coat, my legs getting Goosebumps under my blue shirt. \"So, are you really going up to that hotel? I mean, you do know that it's haunted right?\" she said, and I laughed, watching as she struggled to keep a serious face. \"I'm going to put those rumors to rest,\" I said, smiling at her as she raised an eyebrow. \"Are you sure you want to go alone though? I now I'd be terrified to go in there!\" she said, and looked at me like I was crazy. \"I've been there before, and when I was there, I met Sally Shine, and was at my happiest then. I want that back, so so much,\" I said, and smiled sadly when she took my hands in hers. \"I just want you to be careful ok. I mean, you're my best friend,\" she said, and I pulled her close to me in a hug. \"You're my best friend too,\" I said, and we both laughed, then realized just how wet we were getting in the rain. I pulled out my umbrella, in an attempt to get us dry, when a dark figure emerged from the darkness of an alley. I pushed Jenny behind me, as the figure stepped into the glow from a nearby streetlight. The man was dressed in dirty jeans and a large brown coat leered at us, his scraggly black hair hung in greasy strands down his grimy face. I stiffened first in fear, and then in cold recognition. I had seen this guy in the newspapers! This was Harvey Banks, a guy who had escaped from prison. He had been sent to jail for killing his wife, and had sworn to get out and do it again. I should have gotten Jenny home, before this crazy maniac showed up. I knew I had to get her to safety though. \"Hey doll faces. Put down that umbrella, and take off your shirts, cause your coming with me!\" the man hissed, and I felt my heart accelerate in fear. My brain was telling me to get away, while my muscles reacted on instinct, bringing the umbrella down on top of his head with a sickening smack. The guy swore loudly, clutching his head. \"Run Jenny! Get help!\" I cried, giving her a strong push before smacking the guy again, giving Jenny time to run, and me time to lead the guy away. My legs propelled me to the one place I knew I could hide; the Hollywood Hotel. The rain beat down on me, my feet almost sliding out from under me, as the roads were slick. I didn't dare look back, not wanting to see how close he was to me, and let my cold fear freeze up my legs. Using the darkness, I slide around the corner, coming to the gates of the hotel. Knowing I would have to climb them, but also knowing that he would see me, I dove into a big clump of bushes, coving my gasp of pain as the branches scratched me, a flash of heat alerting me that they had drawn blood. I froze as I heard footsteps approaching, and listening in horror as they stopped close by. Fearing that he would see me, I grabbed a stone I found lying near me, and peeked out of the foliage. Waiting until his back was turned, I hurled the stone with all my might, a small bit of relief in my heart when I heard it clatter on the opposite side of the road, a pretty good distance away. A flash of lightning briefly lit up his face, and my felt sick to my stomach when I saw his expression. It was cold, and his eyes were alight with malice, a hungry look in his eyes that matched his equally carnivorous grin. He took off in the direction of the noise, which thankfully lead him into the tress, giving me time to get put of the bush and hoist myself up the locked gate. Checking to make sure he was still looking for me in across the street, I made it over the top, and fell down to the other side, sprinting towards the hotel as soon as I touched ground. Luckily, a roll of thunder masked my fall, and I made it to the safety of the porch before lightning flashed again. I tried the door, and panicked when the knob wouldn't turn! Locked! Praying that my guess was right, I reached under the mat at the front entrance, and fortunately found a little gold key. I jammed in into the lock, turning it quickly and bolted inside, locking it behind me. I took a deep breath, then really took a look at my surroundings. The lobby was exactly how I remembered it, grand, spacious, and beautiful. Except now it was very dusty, and very still, like the inside of a tomb. I took of my sopping wet coat, laying it on a nearby couch, and ventured further inside the hotel, my eyes quickly adjusting to the gloom. Bags were stacked by the front desks, pieces of clothing hung up on the surrounding coat hooks, like they had been left behind since that night ten years ago. Cobwebs stretched across the light fixtures, hanging down like grey pieces of cloth, they were that thick. I was looking at the front desk, when I noticed the guest book. I smiled when I saw my family name, written in my dad's perfect handwriting, when a loud bang startled me. I felt my palms sweat again when I saw that the door was shaking! The guy had realized my trick, and had come after me! The worst shock came, however, when a bullet, yes a bullet, had burst through one of the windows, and imbedded itself into the wall inches from my face! Truly scared now, I picked up the phone on the check in desk, intending to call for help, and almost hyperventilating when the phone was line was dead! Not wanting to stick around to get killed, I dropped the phone, and raced up the stairs, intending to hide myself in one of the rooms. I got to the top of the stairs, and was bout to fly through into one of the rooms, when I saw someone standing at the end of the hallway. My shaking legs gave out, and I collapsed against the door, shaking in fear as the figure came closer. As another lightning flash lit up the hallway, I screamed in fear as I saw her, Sally Shine, standing right in front of me. \"Who are you?\" she asked, and I felt myself backing away, my eyes never leaving her face. \"No, it can't be…. Sally?\" I cried, hot tears escaping from my eyes as I looked at the girl, pure fear surging through my whole body. She came closer, and I continued to back away. \"Please don't hurt me!\" I begged her, and she looked almost sad. That's when I realized that I had come back to the top of the stairs, just as the lobby doors burst open with a sickening crunch. \"There you are!\" he said, triumph in his tone, and just as another lightning strike lit up the lobby, he fired his gun, the shot mixing with the booming thunder. I couldn't run, couldn't move, so great was my fear that the bullet hit it's mark. When the bullet entered my chest, the pain was excruciating, like little bolts of electricity wrapped in white-hot flames had entered my very soul. My body thudded down the stairs, and while I fell, I thought I almost heard a girl screaming, like that horrible night 10 years ago. My body was covered in bruises and cuts as the sharp edges of the stairs cut into my skin, more pain filling my body with every step I hit. When I came to rest at the bottom of the stairs, I heard police sirens outside, knowing now that Jenny had pulled through, and brought the police, and I was thankful that she had gotten away. Through blurry eyes, I saw policemen tackle the horrible man, and when I tried to sit up, to thank them, my chest felt horribly hot and wet, and I knew it wasn't from the rain. With a shaky hand, I felt my chest, and started sobbing when I pulled it back, and saw that it was covered in dark, red blood, my blood. I was dying, and the police were too busy arresting the guy to help me. I wanted to cry out, to tell them, no, beg them to help me, but the pain was too much. My vision started going dark, and right before my eyes lost sight, I thought I saw Sally, holding my hand and crying, telling me she was sorry. Then my eyes closed, and I felt nothing. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO When I opened my eyes, the sun was shining . Rubbing my eyes, I sat up slowly, shocked when I realized I was still in the hotel. Scared now, I leaped to my feet, my head swimming horribly. \"Come on Honey, don't hurt yourself now,\" said a voice, startling me. \"Who said that? What's going on here?\" I demanded, looking around the sunlight lobby in fear, my eyes slowly focusing on my surroundings. Over by the front desk, the air shimmered like it was caught in a heat wave. From this, stepped out a beautiful woman, in a long white dress, and golden blond hair that fell in soft waves around her face. I had only seen her in pictures, but I instantly knew who she was. \"Claire Poulet?\" I asked, getting up to walk over to her. \"Yes. Well actually, that's my stage name. My real name is Carolyn Crosson,\" she said, and I hesitantly reached out, and jumped when I touched her. \"But you're a ghost! I shouldn't be able to touch you,\" I said, backing away. She looked like she was about to say something, when the clatter of footsteps made me look up. Sally Shine didn't look like she had aged a day. She looked the same she did that fateful night, from her pink dress right down to her pink hair-bow. She looked at me for a second, then sprinted over to me, skidding to a stop in front of me. We looked at each other for a few moments, smiling nervously at each other. This time when I looked at her, I felt no fear, but joy at seeing someone wonderful from my past. I was the one to break the silence. \"Well, it seems like these last ten years have been kinder to you then me, Sally,\" I said, and the next thing I knew, the little girl was hugging me tightly, and I was hugging her back, both of us giggling like little girls. \"It's good to see you Sally. I'm sorry about last night. That guy was chasing me and I was scared,\" I said, looking at her in confusion when she stiffened, giving me the same sad look that Claire, I mean, Carolyn did. I was about to ask what was wrong with them, when three other people appeared, the last of the missing ghosts. The Bellhop was the first one to step forward. \"So this is famous Keira Fox. Sally has told us all about you. I'm Dewy Todd,\" he said, and shook my hand, and I smiled softly as he gave it a polite kiss. I was then passed along to Mrs. Partridge, and a slightly bigger smile came on my lips as the older woman hugged me gently. \"My girl, you've grown into a beautiful lass, you have. It's just too bad that….\" She broke off, and by now I was sick and tired of not knowing what was going on. \"Ok, what is wrong with all of you? You are keeping something from me and I want to know what it is right now!\" I demanded, my hands on my hips as they all looked at each other. \"Well, dear, this may not be easy for you to hear,\" said Carolyn, and I looked at her in utter confusion. \"Oh will all of you just stop beating around the bush and tell the girl already!\" said the famous ex actor Gilbert London, who hadn't spoken until now, and I found my eyes drawn to his sharp tone. \"Tell me… tell me what?\" I asked, my voice shaking horribly. \"Well, to put it bluntly, child, you were shot last night by that man, and died right here in hotel,\" he said calmly. I found myself staring in shock. He must be joking. \"You are lying to me. I can't be dead, I'm standing right here, solid and alive. This is just a cruel joke, right?\" I asked, looking hopefully at each of the ghosts, silently pleading that they were just joking. \"You must face the facts, my dear. You died last night, right in this lobby. You must realize the truth!\" he said, receiving a slap from Carolyn. \"Gilbert! Don't be like that!\" she scolded, and the actor rolled his eyes. I shook my head, backing up from all of them, until I found a side of a nearby table to hold onto. \"Please. Tell me it isn't true. Please!\" I begged, my voice now in a whisper as I spoke, my chin quivering as I kept tears at bay. The ghosts looked at each other, and it was Dewy who stepped forward, holding out a crisp copy of The Scroll , the town's local paper. With a somber expression, he handed it to me, and I took it with trembling hands. I felt my breath catch in my chest as I read the headline, the words blaring out to me as loudly as a siren. LOCAL GIRL KEIRA FOX, AGE 18, MURDERED AT HOLLYWOOD HOTE cried the headline. As tears overflowed my eyes and fell, an instance that I later was surprised could still do, I cried as I read the article, hocked sobs coming out of my mouth like hiccups. A night of spooky fun and laughter has turned dark for a young girl, who was known in town for her sweet smile and imagination. Last night, as Keira Fox, and her long time friend Jenny Hale, were locking up the flower shop Fragrance, where both girls worked. What looked to be a quiet night at home was shattered, when the girls were cornered, by none other then the escaped convict, Harvey Banks. From the account of Jenny Hale, Fox told her to run, and preceded to beat the man with her umbrella, to give Hale time to escape. Fox then lead the man away, heading towards the Holly Wood Hotel, a already historical landmark for death. Until the scene of the shooting, it is unclear what occurred in the historic building. We do know however that Miss Keira Fox was shot straight through the heart, and died of severe blood loss a few minutes later. Keira Lillian Fox was pronounced dead at 10:30 pm, October 31st, 1949. Harvey Banks had been caught and is facing the death penalty for the charge of murder. The funeral will be held this Sunday at noon at the Church of Faith. It never will be explained as to what posses a person to take another's life, but we can only prey that Keira is in a better, more peaceful place, and wherever it is, it's better now that your there. I felt the paper drop from my hands, but I was crying too hard now to care. I felt arms wrap around my shoulders, but the tears were blinding me from seeing anything. \"No. Why? Why did he want to kill me? I… didn't want to die. I… came here to finally feel happy again. And now, I've paid for it with my life,\" I sobbed, and I felt Carolyn wrap her arms around me and hug me, telling me that it would be all right and that I would be safe now. I also felt a small hand grab my own, and I held onto it tightly, feeling Sally hold it gently. We sat like that for a long time, until my tears finally slowed down, and then stopped all together. \"So I guess I'm here for a while now huh?\" I said hoarsely, wiping my eyes as I looked at the rest of the ghosts, which I had now become. \"Well, until the curse is broken, we all are. But, hopefully someone will,, and soon\" said Dewy, sitting down on one of the couch's with a cloud of dust poofing out of one of the couch cushions. \"Well, once again, if it wasn't for you, then we wouldn't be here in the first place,\" said Gilbert snidely, looking at Dewy pointedly. \"And, once again, it wasn't my fault! I don't know what happened, and neither do you!\" said the bellhop angrily, and I saw Sally and Carolyn share a bored look, like they had heard it all before. \"Oh come now, boys. Not in front of our guest!\" said Mrs. Partridge, giving me a kind smile. \"I agree. Now that we're all here for a while, we might as well get along,\" said Carolyn, and I smiled as she gave my hand a squeeze. \"Keira, do you want to come see my room here, and pick out yours?\" asked Sally, and for the first time since I had accepted I had died, I smiled, and let her lead me up the stairs. My eyes drifted down towards the bottom of my collarbone, a small pink scar over my heart, all which remained from the gun wound. It was strange to think that I was dead, but as I let Sally lead me up the stairs, I also thought that this new \" life\", would be one of no pain. Though I still missed my parents, I was closer to them, in a matter of speaking, then I had been when I was alive. It might be a long wait, but I was willing to do it now, as I was surrounded by a lot of nice people, even including Gilbert. I took a deep breath and smiled. Though it wasn't the most ideal way, I felt like I had returned home. What do you think? Too much, not enough? Please tell me what you think, and I will try to update soon. Thank you![Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Time Passes Ok, I'm sorry for the shortness of this chapter, but I've been juggling stories recently, and this story was pushed back for a bit. Now time to answer some of my lovely comments. ColorGuardSweetHeartHottieFury: Wonderful to hear from you again, after such a long time. I think you'll like this chapter, for obvious reasons, but you have to read it to know why. I'm so glad that you like this story so much, and will try to make it a good read for you and everyone else that's reading this story. It will basically focus on the time before, and during the movie storyline, so I hope you enjoy! Solaria daughter of Apollo: I swear, you and LadyOFSlytherin101 are some of the most dedicated authors I've ever seen on this sight. You read a lot of my stories and comment on them, and that makes me feel just wonderful! I'm glad you like the story so far, and I hope you like this chapter too! I agree, it's a bit like the ride, but I've never had the pleasure of riding it sadly. You guys make my day with your reviews, so I hope to hear from you soon! And now onto the chapter! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. October 31st, 1959 Another decade came and went. If I had been alive, I would have been 28 now, probably married with a husband, children, and a home of my own. But once you enter the Hollywood Tower Hotel, which the others and I had come to call the Tower of Terror, for many unsaid reasons, you never change. The only thing that I was grateful for was not having to worry about how I dressed anymore. I had been wearing the same outfit for 10 years, and I had been wearing one of my nicer ones when I died. My long blue dress with the pink ribbon around the waist, the sleeves just reaching my wrists and the skirt coming right above my ankles, the toes of my black flats peeking out. Even my hair was good, brushed and combed to perfection, something it never did when I was alive. Alive. Just the word made me envious. For ten years, I had been trapped here, not being able to leave the grounds. Sure, I could go all around inside the hotel, and all around the property, but as soon as I tried to cross through the gates, or go up to the Tip Top Club on the 12th floor, I was thrown back about three feet, with the feeling that I had just run into a stone wall and an electric fence all at the once, so I had learned not to do that anymore. Still, if it wasn't for the ghosts, I probably would have gone insane from loneliness. Not that it was a real picnic for them either. While I felt bad for all the ghosts, I especially felt bad for Sally. She hadn't seen her parents in 20 years, and we often talked about them, hers and mine, which was one of the issues that made us close, even though she was older (or was it younger?) then I was. Whatever it was, we were good friends, and laughed a lot when we talked. But, tonight was the anniversary, and I was anything but happy tonight. It was raining tonight, just like the night I died, but it was a lighter, calmer kind of rain then the violent thunderstorm that ended in my violent death. I was up in room 216, the room I had picked to stay, and sometimes hide, in. I was sitting at the window, which had a few cushions on it, and just sat there, watching the rain pour down, almost as fast as my tears were. It still amazed me to this day, that when a ghost didn't eat, drink, and had no need for sleep, they could still cry. And I cried a lot, so in a way it was a wonderful release. Sally and the others had taken to leaving me alone on this night, but then they had their own problems to deal with so I didn't judge them for it. Every year on Halloween, we'd here music coming from the Tiptop club, a cruel reminder of how they could never get to the party that went on without them each and every Halloween. So it was a bit surprising when I heard a knock on the door. \"Come in,\" I said, wiping my eyes to get rid of the majority of tears that were in them. As the door opened, I expected to see Sally, Carolyn, or even Miss Partridge, so I was shocked when I saw that it was Dewy. \"Oh Dewy! What brings you here?\" I asked, watching as he twisted his hands nervously. \"Well, I was just downstairs, and I thought of you up here by yourself, and thought you might like some company,\" he said, and I hid a smile as I watched him blush. \"You can if you'd like, but I can tell you that I'm not the most happy person to be with,\" I said, feeling the crushing weight of sadness descend once again as he came over to sit next to me. \"That's all right. I think we've all become like that over the years,\" he said, and I gave him a small smile in response. We sat in silence for a bit, before he was the one to break the ice. \"I think you look really nice tonight, Keira,\" he said, and I had to laugh. \"Thanks. It never changes but it's still nice of you to say. You don't look too bad yourself,\" I said, and he smiled nervously at the compliment. \"I mean it though,\" he said, and this time I felt myself blushing. In all the years I had been here, Dewy had always struck me as kind of cute, he being only being a few years older then I. I knew that he was technically he would be about 10 years older then me, but since he never changed since he had died at 20, he was only two years older then me in ghost years. The age never seemed to be an issue, seeing that he still acted like he was 20, and I still acted like I was 18. He had always been kind to me, and everyone else, and it made me happy that he was. Gilbert was always critical of him, but everyone else were good friends with him. For the first time that night, I was happy. Happy that for once, I didn't have to deal with the reminder of my death alone this time. For once there was someone else, who shared my pain, or at least shared a version of it. \"Thanks for coming up Dewy. It feels better now that you're here,\" I said, and I felt him take my hand and give it a gentle squeeze, which made my cheeks feel hot, another feeling that was surprised that ghosts could experience. We then settled back into silence, watching the rain, and listening to the music as another party came and went, another party that we were barred from ever entering. One day, I knew we'd get there. I just wish I knew when that day was. Short I know, but I can honestly say that I'm glad for what small amount of inspiration I got on this chapter. I came up with the idea of Dewy having someone, seeing as he is one of my favorite characters from the movie, and I think he and Keira are a good match. And if there are those who think that it was a weird pairing, what with the age difference, I'm sorry, but I did try to explain the situation, and it won't be one of those weird and creepy relationships either, so if anyone has a problem with that I'm sorry, but I'm not changing it. But, if there are those who do like it, then tell me what you think, or any ideas you might have! Next chapter will be up in a couple of days, (I hope,) so I'll see you then! Thank you![Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Sweet Ignorance Of Fear Hey hey people, I'm back, and with a kinda sad chapter I must add. It's a bit on the short side, but the movie will come into play in the next chapters, so it won't just be me writing anymore, which I'm very glad for. Now it's time to answer the lovely comments given to my by the wonderful readers of this story! Solaria daughter of Apollo: Dewy is my favorite character of the movie, and I never liked how they didn't do much with his character. I mean, I know it's not really about him, as its more Sally and Abigail, but the other characters got more of background story then he did, even Q! So I'm going to make one myself, and I really hope you like him. Hope it's also the right length like the last one was! LadyOfSlytherin101: You really should! The movies one of those classic Disney movies that just doesn't get made anymore, and knowing your love of Disney, I really think you'll enjoy it. Limbo huh? Seems like you got cut off while commenting, so what exactly happened? Anyway, hope you like this chapter, and hope your hip feels better! ColorGuardSweetHeartHottieFury: Ok, I'm gonna be honest. I have never seen anyone write a review as long as you do. Not that it's bad, but it's really surprising when you read something like that. Dewey's a complete sweet heart, and I promise you'll see him more in this story then in the movie. Because he's awesome that's why! I don't know if there will be an antagonist besides Sally's sister. It's too early to say at this point, but if one comes up I'll let you know. Those are some really good facts, and I am going to use some of it if that's all right, but I agree that you don't know much about Dewey's family. Why? Because he's the character with the least amount of back-story! I think more attention should be brought to TOT, but I'm just sticking with fan fictions right now, cause who knows, there might be a sequel if this one goes well. You should do something though if really want to, but only if you stick with it. Thank you for the wonderfully long comment, and I hope you enjoy this chapter! (I only own Kiera Fox, Jenny Hale, and a few others. Everything else belongs solely to Disney, so no flames please!) OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Jenny's P.O.V. October 31st, 1979 I found myself looking up towards the hotel. It had been 30 years now since she had died. 30 years since that horrible night that my brave friend Keira Fox had saved me from that horrible man, and had ended up paying for it with her life. And every Halloween since then, my head echoed with the last words she had ever spoken to me. \"Run Jenny! Get Help!\" played over and over like a broken record. I was now 47, but every Halloween brought me back to the night, where I was a frightened 17 year old girl again, slipping and sliding through the wet streets, unaware that I would never see my best friend again. I hadn't been to the hotel since, and ever since that horrible night; I couldn't go out after dark. But, I finally was going back. To apologize. To say how sorry I was that it had been her instead of me. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO The streets were filled with little kids; all dressed up in colorful costumes, with pillowcases and garbage bags bulging with treats as laughter and joy rang out from their mouths. I felt my eyes tear up, as I thought of the many times Kiera and I had gone trick or treating, and how exciting being out at night was. I must have spaced out, because I felt someone tug on my sleeve, and I looked down to see a little boy who hadn't been there a moment ago. He looked to be about 8 years old, and dressed up as a vampire, with what looked like dried ketchup on the sides of his mouth. \"Excuse me lady, but are you ok? \" he asked, and I felt my heart melt at the innocent sound of his voice. \"Hm?\" I asked, still coming back to reality. \"You seem sad. Here,\" he said, and reaching into his bag, pulled out a mini milky way bar, and held it out to me. I hesitated, but as the moments passed, I watched his face fall, and I knew if I didn't take it he'd be crushed. So sweet, so happy in his own little world. I envied him, wishing that I could hold that same happiness, that same care free feeling. \"Thank you. You're really sweet,\" I said, taking it from him gently, and smiled as best as I could. \"Happy Halloween, lady,\" he said, before running away, joining up with another little boy who was dressed as a ghost. He turned back and waved, and I forced myself to look happy as I waved back. A small spark of happiness filled my heart, as I walked up to the hotel. But then, it came crashing down as I walked up to the gate, the hotel looming tall and dark against the sunset. I couldn't do it. I couldn't walk into the place where my friend had been shot down. I suddenly felt strange, almost like there was someone watching me, and I swear I saw a flash of what looked like eyes. Her eyes. I felt my legs shake, and before I knew it, I was running, running as fast as I could to get away, as tears streamed down my cheeks. It was just too painful. The image of the smiling child flashed through my mind, and I knew I'd never be like him ever again. I could never be happy, unless I stood next to my best friend and told her how sorry I was. But she was gone, never to return and I'd never see her again. And it was all my fault. My fault. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. If my heart had still been beating, it would probably be splitting in two right now. I had been looking out of the balcony of my room, watching little children run around in Halloween costumes, laughing and yelling in excitement over the candy they were getting. That's when a feeling passed through me, a feeling of sadness that chilled me like a cold wind. I found my eyes drifting towards the gate, and saw someone standing there. Deciding to check it out, I went invisible and floated down into the garden, standing a few feet away from the rusty gate. It took a moment but I recognized her. Even though 30 years had passed, that face was as recognizable as the last time I had seem it. Jenny Hale, now a forty seven year old woman, was standing right in front of me, tears cascading down her cheeks, her auburn hair blowing in the crisp October breeze. We used to joke about she was the light to my dark with her brown hair and my black hair. I reached out to her, my fingers barely able to cross the threshold of the gate, the barrier that kept me trapped here. Still, I managed to reach out far enough to brush a few strands of her hair, her body heat shocking to my temperature-less skin. I saw here eyes go wide, and I knew she had felt something. And then she was gone, running like her life depended on it. That's what broke me, the sight of my best friend running away from me. \"No! Please come back! Please!\" I heard myself sob, and I fell to the ground, my ghostly form shaking with sobs. After a few moments of lying there, I felt hands help me to stand, and Dewy helped me back inside the hotel. And for a while we just sat there, just Dewy and me, as he held me, stroking my hair as I sobbed. Tears that fell for my friend. For myself and the other ghosts, and the lives we never had a chance to live to the fullest. I hated Halloween, as it was yearly reminder of what could have been and now never would be. Again. Good? Bad? Looking forward to hear what you think! See you later![Chapter 6] Chapter 6: Worth Waiting For Ohmigosh, I'm finally back! Did anybody miss me! A & J: NO! Me: Oh my god, Ashley and Julia! Go back to HRSF 2 would yah? Didn't I tell you that it's not polite to barge into stories that aren't yours? Ashley: You say a lot of things we don't listen to. Julia: What you hear as words translates to blah blah blah, something we're not supposed to do, and then a threat. Boring! Me: I promise to update your story as soon as the un-inspiring leprechaun gets off my shoulder and leaves me the hell alone! Julia: Uninspiring leprechaun? Me: Yeah, why don't you use all your pent up violence on him, instead of me! Ashley: HEY! SHORT GREEN AND ANNOYING! GET OVER HERE! Me: Good, way to go! Wait, that's not him, that's my shoulder! WATCH WHERE YOU SWING THAT CHAINSAW! Ok, now that I've caught my breath, let me say how deeply sorry I am that I've made you wait for how long is it? July of last year! God, I'm so sorry, but life has truly been hectic lately. Still, I've been writing for the last few days, and re-watching the movie, so I'm truly sorry, and now I'll finally answer those long overdue comments. LadyOfSlytherin101: Thanks! I'm so for the long gap, but as you're familiar with, life is tiring and time consuming, so I hope you like this chapter! Solaria daughter of Apollo: I know it as depressing, but I was in a depressed mood when I wrote it, so what are gonna do? Sure Syrena, you aren't crying, just like you won't be awing in this chapter! Still, hope you guys like it! ColorGuardSweetHeartHottieFury: Wozas that's a long review. Ok, I can answer this, so here it goes. I'm glad you liked it, it was kinda sad, your long comments are great, just an eyeful. Your right, it was depressing, but I was depressed around that time, so I guess my writing spoke for itself. I'm glad you liked Jenny's character, cause I do too. I tend to switch P.O.V.'s a lot, (just a little thing I do) but I'm glad you liked it. I love the little boy, cause children are innocent in a way that once in a lifetime, and that's amazing in and of itself. Dewey Dewey Dewey, I love him so much as a character! I guarantee you'll this chapter even more for that reason. I might just use your ideas, as Dewey should be represented more. Jenny will show up very soon, as she is still a big part of the story. I'm glad to represent this movie, because it truly is a treasure in itself, and I wish more people could appreciate it like you do. Again, I'm sorry for the uber long wait, but I am a fanfictionist and not a published author, so things tend to get away from me! Anyhoo, enjoy this chapter! seamusdavey: Hey, sorry for the long wait, but I've been writing for the past few days, so there'll be more chapters in a faster update! Glad you like it! Isaaclover: I'm so glad you like this story! I do leave you hanging and I apologize. But I've been writing as fast as I can, and well, will be posting like I never had before! Hope you like this chapter! Jaime: I will! Lot's of chapter in the works! Kim: I am, as fast as my fingers can type! Glad you like it! Ok, so as I've said numerous times, I've literally been writing for two days, and will posting chapters all this weekend, so hope you guys are still reading! Now without further ado, let's get back to Kiera, where another 20 years have passed. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. God, what had it been now? 50 years since I had died, 60 for the other ghosts? Time here was a finicky thing here, as I had come to realize. Some days went by in a flash while others dragged on for what seemed like an eternity. Eternity, a word that not many people could truly get the meaning of until they are either trapped somewhere or dead, as I was. The time had unfortunately made me into a very deep thinker, and when thinking, was cut off from sound, sight and overall awareness. Which didn't make it funny when Dewy popped out in front of me and scared the daylights out of me. \"Come on Dewy, why do you have to do that! You scared me to death!\" I scowled, his cocky expression maddening as I sat back down on one of the dusty sofas. \"You're already dead! I didn't think ghosts could die twice,\" he said, the innocent expression on his face so funny that I smiled in spite of myself. \"You think you're so funny, don't you? You shouldn't scare people when they're that deep in thought. Especially if it's their only way to pass the time,\" I said, his humor sliding off as he saw my now serious expression. \" What were you thinking about?' he asked, once again reverting back into the guy who I could always confide in. Oh Dewy, if you could only understand how messed up I am. I sighed, trying to shake away those feelings. \"Just time I guess, and how there's never enough, and then too much. I mean, let's see, I'd be in my 60's now, sitting on a porch swing somewhere. Watching my children and grandchildren grow up. Instead, I'll always be like this, never changing. Always,…\" I cut myself off, looking down at my hands so I could compose myself. \"Always you, which I think it just perfect,\" said Dewy, catching me by surprise. \"What?\" I said hoarsely, looking at him curiously. He grinned, taking my hands in his. \"Though you think you're always the same, you're wrong. Your so much more then that,\" he said, holding up his hand to cut off my reply. \"Though you may look the same on the outside, you've changed on the inside. You're not the same girl from 50 years ago, who nearly fainted when you saw us,\" he said, indicating the other ghosts, and I nodded. \"Now, you're one of the smartest, kindest people I have ever met. And though I never wanted you to die, you being here has left such an impact on all of us, one that I wouldn't change for the world,\" he said, a soft smile on his face as I looked at him, spellbound from his kind words. If I had been alive, my face would have put a tomato to shame. It would have gotten even redder still with what followed. \"Dewy, I feel the same about you. You're my best friend, and, well you've made this hellish existence bearable. In more ways then you'll ever know,\" I said, my voice shaky as I looked at him. It went dry, however, when I asked him the question I had wanted to ask for years now. \"Dewy, will you kiss me?\" I breathed, feeling foolish the second the words escaped my lips. He didn't respond, and I was about to mumble an apology for my silly request, when his gloved fingers gently cupped my chin and raised it up until he was looking in my eyes with his own. \"I thought you'd never ask,\" he said softly, before giving me the kiss that I realized, in that moment, I had been waiting for my entire life and afterlife. His lips were soft and cool, and if my heart had been beating it would have burst. He was so gentle, so sweet, and I couldn't believe it had taken me this long to discover the love of my life. We could have stayed that way for a long time, but a quick knock on the door broke us apart. \"Come in!\" I said quickly, struggling to keep the pitch of my voice calm and quiet. Dewy was adjusting his glasses, a nervous smile tugging on his lips that had just been against my own. The door opened, and Miss Partridge stood before us, her normally strict yet kind expression replaced by one of annoyance. \"Dewy, Kiera. You might want to come downstairs. There appears to be an intruder,\" she said, raising an eyebrow at our close positioning to each other. Though I didn't want to, I pulled away from Dewy ad stood up, smoothing my dress. \"An intruder? Not another thrill seeking teenager is it?\" I asked, walking over to the door with Dewy close behind. \"No, a man, who's looking for something he probably shouldn't. I think Gilbert wants to scare him,\" she said, smartly turning on her heel and moving down the corridor. \"What? Ugh just because he's a ghost doesn't mean he has to haunt people!\" I said, following Ms. Partridge quickly. That's when I felt Dewey take my hand, my nonexistent blush flaring up again. \"Well, let's just stop so he doesn't hurt someone,\" he said grinning, a smirk striking me at the same time. \"With any luck, it'll be him that gets it,\" I said, the two of us grinning as we went invisible. His hand still clutching mine. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. \"Mr. London, you could have hurt him!\" cried Sally, a scowl on her little face, as Gilbert ignored her in that \"How many times must I tell you child that your opinion does not affect my actions in the slightest? \" I rolled my eyes, the incident still fresh in my mind. Carolyn had taken the flower the man had left in the vase, and as he examined it, Gilbert had thrown a particularly sharp pen down, with the intention of impaling the man's hand. And if the man hadn't subconsciously moved it, that would have been the outcome. And now Gilbert was being a complete and total baby over not getting what he wanted. True, it had gotten the man out of the hotel, but he still didn't have to be such a jerk. Ms. Partridge was suspicious, but she didn't really trust anybody, aside from us of course. \"He could have helped us!\" said Sally, the chance of seeing her parents again and not getting it making her upset. Dewy had dropped my hand and got into yet another argument with Gilbert, while Carolyn and Ms. Partridge tried to break it up. Taking Sally's hand, I sat her down on a sofa on the other side of the room. \"Don't worry Sally. Gilbert's just being, well, himself, which is annoying I know, but just ignore him. We'll find away to get to the party. You'll see,\" I said, giving her a hug, praying that my promise would come true. Dewy put an arm around my shoulders, Carolyn's face lightening up in a near blinding smile, and for the first time in decades I felt a glimmer of hope, that this would be the year we'd finally get our wish of moving on. Little did I know that the man who Gilbert had almost impaled would play a huge part of it. So, good, bad? Horrible? Whatever it was, please tell me in your reviews! As stated before, I will be posting more chapters, so tell me what you think! ~Rainlily216 Out!~[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: Hopes Dashed Ok, not many reviews, a bit disappointing A: What did you expect? You left them waiting for almost a year! Me: Don't make me to call LadySly, Ash. She is actually supportive of me unlike you, and will come after you if I tell her to. Now go practice your swordplay with Julia. God knows you need it A: (holds up a stick of TNT) Why I outta! Me: Lady Sly! A: All right fine I'm going (some people can't take a joke) Speaking of Lady Sly, I dedicate this chapter to her, for she has always been a wonderful reviewer and friend, always responding to my stories, whatever genre they might be. Now lets answer her review! LadyOfSlytherin101: Yes I'm back! And yes I'm fine, slowly but surely recovering from the burden of school on a 4-day weekend! I completely understand how life gets in the way of we fanfictionists, but it comes with the job I'm afraid. I think your threat scared them off, though Julia might be a little harder to get rid of, as she hangs around Jack Sparrow 24/7 and is probably used to the smell. Here's a compromise. If you try to update soon, so will I, as Disney needs our fanfictions so they can inspire others. Being sick does suck doesn't it! I have read your Christmas Fic, and I will tell you more about it in the review! Oh no! Blood, Gore and Tears? How awful! I'm SO EXCITED! Ok, so, if anyone is just tuning in now, I must ask you to read the chapter before this, 6, or you will be very confused. Other then that, I hope those of you reading enjoyed the last chapter, and I also hope that this one lives up to your expectations! Once again, this chapter is dedicated to the wonderful LadyOfSlytherin101, for her constant support and wonderful feedback! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. When the new day dawned the next morning, I thought it would be the same old thing. I had planned to do something with Dewey, though what it was I would never know, because on my way downstairs, I saw Carolyn dressed in a really pretty white dress with flowers and a green hat. \"Carolyn, what are you wearing?\" I asked, her change of outfit a bit startling after all these years. \"Well, don't laugh ok, but I have a plan,\" she said, a nervous but excited expression shining behind her eyes. \"Which is?\" I asked, when a sound caught my attention. Looking out one of the windows, I was surprised to see the same man from yesterday, holding a camera and taking to a large man wearing a purple shirt with a Hawaiian one on top. \"What's he doing here?\" I asked, her answering expression sheepish. \"Well Sally seemed to think he could help, and I'm going to try to see if he can,\" she said, smiling as she looked down at her outfit. \"Do I look all right? I'm posing as an actress to help with the man's story about the hotel and what happened to us,\" she said. I stared at her, a bit nervous with what she was about to do. \"And Gilbert?\" I asked, a sad expression on her face now. \"Not very happy with me at the moment, but I just have this feeling that I need to do this,\" she said, the urgency in her voice breaking my heart. She wanted to save us all, and I had to let her try. \"Ok, but, just be careful ok?\" I said, for she had become such a good friend to me and I didn't want her in danger. \"I promise. You can stay, if you want. I mean, would you like to help me?\" she asked, a hopeful smile on her face. I considered it; when else would I get an opportunity like this. \"Ok, but let me blend in,\" I said, concentrating on my appearance. I know ghosts have the ability to change their appearance, clothing, etc., but it was just not necessary for a ghost like me to want to. Still, a change would be nice, as I hadn't done it in 10 years, since Sally and I had spent a rainy day impersonating celebrities. Thinking hard, a dress replaced my normal one, a light blue one with a pattern of pink roses and green leaves. Just for fun, I put my hair in loose curls, the dark brown color shinning in the sunlight. \" Ok, let's do this,\" I said, following her outside so we could make our entrance. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO \"Excuse me? You called for an actress?\" Carolyn began, the man and a young girl looking up at us. The man looked captivated when he saw Carolyn, but I could only look at the girl beside him and try not to laugh. This girl looked pissed, and I could tell that the outfit wasn't her idea. She wore a blond curly wig and a pink dress, a Sally Shine replica that was about as realistic as a bad Halloween costume. I bit back a laugh, and I could tell Carolyn thought it was funny too. \"I'm a….. I'm Claire. Claire Poulet,\" she said, a warm smile on her face. \"I'm Buzzy Crocker,\" the man replied, a huge smile on his face as he stared at Carolyn. \"Oh. Well, this is my daughter,\" she said, her choice of words startling me. Daughter? Though I knew it was just a ruse to get him to help, the way she said it sounded, like she meant it in a very loving way. \"Nice to meet you, I'm Jenny\" I said, quickly shaking off my surprise and getting back into my role, picking my still dear friends name as a cover. Buzzy was still star struck, and only halfway introduced the girl next to him as his niece. \"Anna\" he finished, the girl giving him the classic are you kidding me look. \"Hi\" said Carolyn, the girl grinning as a laugh started. \"Poulet? That's chicken in French,\" she said, my hand coming up to smoother a laugh. \"Oh don't tell me that. Really?\" asked Carolyn, though she knew perfectly well what her stage name translated to. \"Wait, the agency sent you?\" asked Buzzy, his question a bit odd. \"What's wrong? It's the dress right, it's too much. I knew it, I got others, so I'll go change. Or maybe I shouldn't have brought my daughter, \" she said in a rush, her plan not seeming to be going very well. \"No, no ,no, it's not the dress, or your daughter. Anna can have someone to talk to,\" he began, and I looked at Carolyn in confusion. What, if not me, was the problem? \"It's just, your too young. Ms. Partridge, well, she's an old witch,\" he finished, a scowl being hard to hold back. Bet she didn't like to hear that. \"Oh, perfect. Another \"too\" job. Too young, too old, to skinny to fat,\" she ranted, her acting truly amazing as her voice broke. \"Too everything but what you need. I'm sorry I bothered you\" she finished, and I looked at the man, Buzzy, sadly and making my own sad face, waiting for him to take the bait. \"Ms. Poulet wait, I think you'll be just fine,\" he said quickly, coming over to her side. Sucker. Anna rolled her eyes and I felt like rolling mine too. I mean, her uncle seemed sweet but not so subtle about his flirting with Carolyn. \"I retouch the photos anyway,\" he was saying as Carolyn asked him if he wasn't just saying that, as I walked over to stand by Anna. \"No, you're gonna be great,\" he said, the two smiling like idiots. \"Could we do this? I don't wanna be,\" began Anna, before a startled look crossed her face. \"Did you hear that?\" she asked, listening for the sound again. God not now! \"I don't hear anything,\" said Buzzy, brushing off his niece like a bothersome fly. \"It's music,\" said Carolyn in wonderment, looking towards the sound. \"Where's it coming from?\" asked Anna, all of us listening now. \"Wait here,\" said Buzzy, leaving the room to investigate the source, Anna soon trailing after him. \"Think they'll be ok?\" I asked, knowing Gilbert and possibly Ms. Partridge would try and scare them. \"They'll be fine. I hope,\" said Carolyn, putting an arm around me. \"Carolyn?\" I asked slowly, thinking back to her earlier comment. \"Hmm?\" she replied, still looking where Buzzy and Anna went. \"Did you really mean it, when, you said daughter?\" I asked, looking at her in shock when she smiled. \"Of course I did. You're the daughter I never had, and I think of you as one, not just because of trying to get Buzzy to help us,\" she said, before giving me a kiss on the top of my forehead. I smiled, for Carolyn had become am other figure to me as well over the years. \"Thank you, Carolyn. It means a lot,\" I said, before we went invisible to make sure the two humans didn't get into too much trouble. But in this hotel, you could never be certain. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO We came in just as Sally was singing, very creepily if I might add. Never knew that \"It's raining, it's pouring\" could sound so demonic before, but that was just Sally messing around. The humans almost got a heart attack when the dishes in the cupboard started rattling and then stopping suddenly. That's when Sally kicked it up a notch and made a green light and rain appear in the hallway, singing the entire time. \"I think I want to be someplace else,\" breathed Anna, her fear showing through on her face. But then, Gilbert had to be all morbid and roll himself up on a serving tray. \"It's a dummy,\" said Anna, and I almost thought that too until Gilbert sat up, his head missing; a butcher knife in his hand. That scared them horribly and they ran out of the kitchen screaming. I quickly transported myself around the corner from Carolyn, who was talking to the man in the Hawaiian shirt. I came around the corner holding a flower, just as Buzzy and Anna came racing out of the hotel. \"What's wrong?\" I asked, Anna suddenly throwing herself on me and hugging me, crying \"it's haunted, it's haunted\". Good job Gilbert. \"What happened!\" asked Carolyn, her actress role coming up again in her well-done look of surprise. They both started screaming about what they saw, Buzzy excited and Anna terrified. \"What are we gonna do?\" she cried, looking at her Uncle pleadingly. \"I don't know! Wait, I do know! Tomorrow, we bring Jill down here from the banner, she has to see this for herself!\" he cried, my face and Carolyn's falling. His newspaper story? That's what he was focusing on? \"This is the most incredible story in history. I can prove that there are real ghosts!\" he exclaimed, the betrayal he made so horrible that it took all I had to not run. \" Tomorrow's Halloween,\" said the other guy, who I know knew as Q, the mention of the anniversary painful. I couldn't take it, and bolted. The tears were already falling as I propelled myself into the surrounding gardens. \"What's wrong with her?\" asked Buzzy, and Carolyn coming up with an explanation, the last thing I heard before getting out of earshot, finding a back door into the hotel and rushing inside. In seconds, I was in my room, collapsing on the floor in a sobbing heap. The chance, the first chance in decades of waiting, and it's gone, poof, non-existent. You couldn't depend on anything it seemed. That's where Dewy found me, in pain and grief. \"I saw what happened. I'm so sorry Kiera,\" he said, picking me up and holding me against him. Tomorrow was Halloween, and I would still be here. We'd all be here. We could never leave. Maybe it's just me, but I really don't like Buzzy at the beginning of the movie. He's a shameless flirt, a workaholic, and an overall idiotic outlook on stuff that's right under his nose! Sure he's better at the end, but wouldn't you feel the same way as Kiera? Anyway, whatever your opinion of the chapter, please let me know! The chapters are written, with their only withholding being the absence of reviews, so please review and let me know, because feedback is the force that makes me want to update! ~Rainlily216 Out! ~[Chapter 8] Chapter 8: Just Too Painful Hey hey, a new chapter and more reviews! I feel so loved! True, the last chapter ended on a low note, but things will get better I promise! (Still, you gotta love Dewey! You know I do!) But yes, things will start looking up, so stay tuned! Now to reply to your wonderful comments! LadyOfSlytherin101: I'll take your word for it! Julia: Or so you believe! Jack: Come on love, be reasonable. At least some people can only focus on my good looks alone! Me: Shut up you two your not helping things! Julia: Like your any better? Me: (miming talking) this is what you're doing! (Closes fingers) This is what I want you to do! Any questions? Jack (looks at Julia): Did she just tell us to shut up? Me: (sarcastically) Wow you catch on quick! Now before you do something stupid, like making Lady Sly or me angry, why don't you go back to the pearl? Julia: I'm fine right here. Me: (thinks for a moment, and then grins) JACK! PINTEL AND RAGGEHTI SET OFF A KEG OF DYNAMITE IN YOUR RUM ROOM! Jack: I'll kill them! (grabs Julia's wrist and races off) Julia: We're not finished Rain and Sly! Anyway, now that that's settled. I will set some of my more reliable girls on Aro if he becomes a problem. You and Solaria are defiantly my most favorite people on here, so the feeling is quite mutual. I'm sorry my review hasn't come yet, my Internet is being stupid, and so I'll try again tomorrow. That is a great idea! Lets just lock up all characters/ distractions so we can write! (Throw in a couple of my teachers as well!) They most likely will, as your story and mine seem to work well together. Hope you enjoy this chapter! Jamie: I'm trying very hard not to! I promise to keep updating, as long as you keep getting me feedback! Enjoy the chapter! Isaaclover: Thank you! Dewey is defiantly my fav as well! Ok, so another chapter! This one focuses more on Jenny's character! You know Jenny, the girl who hasn't been talked about since chapter 5? Yeah her! (crickets chirping in audience) well, she's in this chapter ok? Oh on a side note, something I should have been doing every chapter, is that none of dialog, characters, or setting belong to me in anyway! I only own my to O.C.'s Kiera and Jenny, and some of the dialog! Everything else belongs to Disney, so no flames! On that note, please enjoy the chapter! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Third Person P.O.V. \"This is far more disturbing then I imagined,\" said Abigail Gregory, the lady who had come to Buzzy in the first place. \"Good, I could use some cheering up,\" said Buzzy, still low after Jill had thrown him out of the office, not believing his story. \"It turns out there was another incident at the Tower Hotel,\" began Abigail, a sad look in her old eyes. \"Yeah Uncle Buzzy, it seems that there's said to be another ghost hanging around there,\" said Anna, a look of sadness in her eyes too. \"There was a 18 year old girl who was murdered by an escaped convict there 10 years later,\" she said, the mood changing quickly. Buzzy was shocked, for he had never heard that story. It was very sad, for that girl was only couple years older then Anna, and the thought of that happening to her was terrifying. \"That's awful, but what does she have to do with Sally Shine?\" he asked, looking at Abigail for clarification. \"Well, Ms. Partridge used her black magic to banish Sally to the Underworld for an eternity of pain,\" she said, her wrinkled hands clasped tightly together. \"Ok\" said Buzzy slowly, still not understanding the connection. \"The spells are all right here,\" she said, her hands shaking as she pointed at the book. \"Nice Nanny,\" said Buzzy sarcastically, still wondering what the murdered girl had to do with this. \"But it didn't work\" said Anna, Abigail nodding. \"To complete the curse, the witch has to have an identifier, something that belonged to the intended victim,\" she said. That's when Buzzy made a face. \"Ugh, don't tell me this is Sally Shines hair,\" he said, grossed out as he grabbed a clump of blond curls from the book. \"But she had no identifier for the rest of the people on the elevator,\" she said, Anna jumping in. \"So instead of zapping Sally, the curse kind of half-zapped everyone, including Ms. Partridge,\" said Anna, looking at her uncle knowingly. \"Hmm, then what's this?\" he asked, touching another item, this one a handkerchief. \"EP, Emeline Partridge,\" said Anna, laughing as he dropped it in disgust. \"If I read this correctly,\" began Ms. Partridge, \"The spell trapped those poor people in limbo, between this world and the next,\" she finished, a look of deep sadness set into her face. \"Which brings us back to the girl, Kiera, who was killed on the same night, just 10 years later. We think she might be trapped as well,\" said Anna, her thoughts no doubt on the girl. \"That poor child,\" said Ms. Partridge, dabbing her eyes with a tissue. \"The ghosts are stuck in the hotel, and we can still help them,\" said Anna, excited now. \"Tomorrow night is All Hallows Eve, the night of the curse, and Kiera Fox's murder,\" said Abigail, looking beseechingly at Buzzy. \"That's your birthday right?\" he asked, Abigail nodding. \"Well yes, it's the one night where I can use this book to break the spell and release those poor souls,\" she said, hope finding its way into her eyes. \"So, like a séance?\" he asked, looking at the book that Anna gave him curiously. \"Ah no, like a conjuring, but we would need items from each of the victims, including Kiera, to undo the curse. \"We can find the stuff ourselves, let's do it Uncle Buzzy!\" said Anna excitedly. \"You know a lot about this stuff Abigail,\" said Buzzy, a little astounded that an old lady knew so much about this \"curse.\" He said, looking at the women curiously. \"I've lived my whole life with the knowledge of what happened that night, and with the hope that one day, I could put things right again,\" she said, the guilt in her voice sad. \"We gotta do it,\" said Anna bravely, putting her hand on the old women's shoulder. Buzzy nodded, dropping Sally's hair back on the book. \"Well, we'll find all of it at the hotel itself, but how are we going to find anything of Kiera's?\" he asked, Anna quickly moving over to the ancient newspaper clipping of Kiera's death. \"Let's see. She was with a friend right before she died. A Jenny Hale. Huh, a friend of mine, Lydia Hale at school has a grandma named Jenny. Maybe she's the one Uncle Buzzy!\" said Anna, already pulling him to his feet. \"Fine, we'll go, but we have to do it quickly\" he said, as he ushered his niece and Abigail out the door. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Still Third Person \"Maybe this was a bad idea, I mean the women would be in her 70's by now. Maybe she doesn't remember,\" said Buzzy, hands in his pockets as Anna rang the doorbell. \"Come on Uncle Buzzy, don't knock it till we know for sure,\" said Anna, smiling as the door opened. \"Anna? Hi!\" said the person who answered, a young 15 year-old girl with black hair and blue eyes. \"Hey Lydia,\" said Anna, smiling warmly at her classmate. \"I'm glad you're here, but why exactly did you want to speak with my Grandmother?\" she asked, waving them into the house. \"Well, it's about what happened 60 years ago, at the Hollywood Tower Hotel,\" said Anna, Lydia's face filling with concern. \"Oh, you're talking about her friend, Kiera Fox. Well, you can try to talk to her, but it's a kind of touchy subject for her, so she might not want to talk long,\" she said. We followed her down the hallway to a screen door that lead to a screened in porch. \"Lydia dear, who was at the door?\" came a voice, belonging to a old lady sitting in a cushioned rocking chair. \"A friend of mine grandma, who wants to talk to you about something,\" said Lydia, moving aside so her grandmother could she Anna. \"Hello, Mrs. Hale, my name is Anna,\" she began, a warm smile on the woman's face as she reached out to shake her hand. \"Hello, Anna. That's a pretty name. What can an old lady like me do for you?\" she asked, setting down a thick paperback she was reading. \"Well, it's about an old friend of yours. Kiera Fox?\" asked Anna, the woman's expression making her wish she hadn't. \"I'd really rather not talk about that if you please,\" she said in a strained voice, her face shaking as she spoke. \"Please listen, just let us explain,\" began Buzzy, when she threw down her book in anger. \"No you listen, young man! This is a girl who risked her life to save me, then got herself killed because of it! The last thing I want to talk about is the night of my greatest regret,\" she said, getting to her feet and crossing the room to the window. Anna followed her over, and was amazed to see that from the window was a spot on view of the Hotel, grim and imposing in the day light. \"Please Jenny, let me just tell you why we're here,\" said Anna gently, looking up at the hotel. \"Though you may not believe us, we are trying to help your friend,\" she said, Jenny turning towards her angrily. \"How can you possibly help her? She's been dead for 50 years! she's gone!\" she said, her voice breaking as tears began to fall down her cheeks. \"Not completely Mrs. Hale, she's still here,\" said Anna, Jenny looking up in confusion. \"What do you mean?\" she asked softly, as Buzzy gently lead her back over to her chair, Lydia looking extremely worried. \"We've come to believe that your friends ghost is still trapped in that hotel,\" said Buzzy, trying to make this sort of far-fetched idea sound believable. \"Right, and she hangs out with Sally Shine and the rest the ghosts that haunt that horrible place,\" said Jenny sarcastically. \"She just might. I know it sounds crazy but it's true!\" said Anna, but Jenny looked at her, her silent resolve not going to be broken. \"My dear girl, I'm sure what you think your saying is true, but you can't change what happened and that's that. Now if you would please leave, and take your hallucinations with you!\" she said, looking away from Buzzy and Anna and picking up her book, trying hard to ignore them. \"Grandma, don't be rude!\" exclaimed Lydia, looking at us apologetically. \" I'm sorry, but you'd better go. Can't have her getting too upset,\" said Lydia, and Anna sighed, about to follow her friend, when Buzzy turned back to Jenny. \"Ok Jenny, we'll leave, but before we do, we need to ask a favor,\" he said, Jenny rolling her eyes and glaring at him. \"Anything to make you leave me alone,\" she said, tapping her fingers impatiently against the arm of the chair. \"We need an item that belonged to Kiera, something she either wore or carried frequently. It will help to free her and let her pass on,\" he said, desperately hoping she had something. \"Fine! This way,\" she said, getting up from her chair and leading the others into her bedroom. Reaching into a small drawer by her perfectly made bed, she removed a small wicker jewelry box. Taking out a bunch of necklaces, she finally reached the bottom, where a black velvet bag lay. Opening it up with hesitant fingers, out fell a pink pearl necklace with a silver clasp. \"This was hers. They gave it to me at her funeral. It was her favorite,\" she said, looking at it with a tiny smile on her face. \"It's beautiful,\" said Anna, looking at the pearls in wonderment. \"This will work perfectly. And if for some reason it doesn't, I promise to give it back to you immediately,\" said Buzzy gently. Jenny shook her head. \"I wish I could believe you, but it's just too painful to think about ,\" she said, handing him the necklace. \"Well, if you change your mind, meet us at the hotel before midnight,\" said Anna, before taking her Uncle towards the door. Right before she left however, Anna saw a picture on the mantle piece. \"Excuse me, Mrs. Hale, who's that?\" she asked, pointing to a picture of two young girls standing next to a florist shop, each holding an armful of flowers. \"That's me and Kiera, before Halloween,\" said Jenny softly, reaching out to touch the photo gently. \"But that can't be. She looks like….\" began Ann, before Buzzy checked his watch and jumped about a foot in the air. Gosh, we gotta roll! Your mom's gonna kill me if we don't get back before dinner!\" he said, throwing a hasty goodbye over his shoulder to Lydia and her grandmother. Anna said goodbye too, but the photo she had just seen still confused her. She thought about the whole car ride back home, and all through dinner. Though she could tell which one was a 17 year-old Jenny, the other one looked a lot like Claire Poulet's daughter Jenny Poulet. A perfect replica. And she looked like she hadn't aged a day since 1939. Oh no! Anna seems to be digging into something she shouldn't! Still, aren't you glad Jenny's back! She may be bitter right now, but things will look up later on! Still, as usual, tell me what you think, because reviews are my oxygen! (Man that was so cheesy! Must try to avoid that in the future!) (Oh, and if anyone caught the movie line I used in response to LadySly's review, then virtual cookies for you! If not, well….. still cookies, cause I'm nice like that!) ~Rainlily216 Out!~[Chapter 9] Chapter 9: The Truth Hurts Hey hey I'm back! And what's this? No interrupting O.C.'s? THANK GOODNESS! Thank you Lady Sly, you've given my voice, and my mental health, a good deserved rest. I will try to finish writing this story this weekend, but with my life, such events are subject to change, so bear with me! But for now, you'll be able to red this chapter, where Kiera has some scary fun with the other ghosts! And I'll be giving answers to your wonderful comments! Oh, and congratulations to Solaria daughter of Apollo, for guessing the quote from Master of Disguise, with Dana Carvy and Rowan Atkinson! It's absolutely hilarious and you should take the time to watch it! You'll be glad you did! So cookies for you, girlie! Now back to comments! LadyOfSlytherin101: Oh poor Jack, getting overshadowed by Norrington. Oh well, what he doesn't know won't hurt him! Jack:\" What who doesn't know won't hurt him\" Me: Jack your supposed to be in the oubliette! Jack: If I can escape from cannibals and undead pirates, I can escape from you! (Freezes as a gun cocks and rests against his head!) Me: You were saying? When Lady Sly and I give an order, it will be obeyed! Now go into the oubliette like a good little pirate, and we'll let you out when I'm done with this story! Jack: And if I don't? Me: Then you'll have two more holes in your already holey brain (cocks pistol) Jack: Fine, just don't take too long, eh love? Don't know how long I can stand both those red-haired firecrackers in such a small place! (Turns to go with a sweep of his hat) Ladies Good, at least he listens to reason. Anyway, back to your review. Your quite right, mad people are the best there are! (I should know, as I'm mad as hatter myself!) Hotel Transylvania was a surprisingly good movie, and I wish there was more fanfiction for it. Oh god, Mozenrath was one of my favorite villains from the series! He was evil, yet compelling and charismatic at the same time! (Hated that snake thing though? Xerxes?) Did you know he and Aladdin were supposed to be long lost brothers in the series? They cut it for the King of Thieves movie idea, but I think it would have been cool! I think you should also have Sadira, another old enemy turned friend, make an appearance! You should totally include Syndrome! And do a Hotel T fix! Hope you enjoy this chapter! Jamie: Thanks! Reviews keep me going after all! Isaaclover: Thank you, and I most certainly plan to! Solaria daughter of Apollo: I'm back! (Hugs back) I missed you too! Hey, technology can be awful sometimes, so don't sweat it! I love Dewey! Dislike Gilbert! HATE BUZZY MORE! Want to hit him instead of Gilbert (Besides, Carolyn can take care of it) I liked Kiera getting in on the whole trick thing, cause if she didn't, there'd be a long gap, and honestly I wrote it in the early hours of the morning, so it seemed a good filler. I love the creepy bit too (especially Dewey and his noose!) I love you and Lady Sly. Like I told her, you guys are my closest friends on her! Jenny is pretty cool, and Abigail is a total witch with a b. (Still dislike Buzzy more actually!) Congrats on getting the reference! Choose your flavor carefully! Don't you worry, those two lame brain pirates may be idiotic, but they have a tendency of being extremely lucky in these types of situations. I love long reviews, so don't worry! Hope you love this chapter just as much as the others! Thank you Solaria! ColorGuardSweetHeartHottieFu ry: Hey I wondered where you disappeared to! Ditto! I'm surprised myself at the long string of updates, seeing as I haven't had time to breath, let alone write! Tell me your B-day, if you want, so I can send you a shout out! I'm glad they make you happy, cause it is a good movie. I really like that part too, as Dewey is great both nice and evil! (I'll take him either way!) I'll be sure to check out the group, cause it sounds awesome. Thank you, and I hope you like this chapter just as much! So yeah, it's finally my weekend, which will give me time to recover from school and time to bust out new chapters for you guys! I truly hope this chapter lives up to your expectations! (If not Gilbert will come after me with a knife, claiming I ruined his acting career! So help me keep my neck intact and tell me what you think! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. Halloween, 1999 Today was Halloween, yet another year where I'd be stuck here. I was sitting with Sally in her room, not really doing much, when voices caught our attention. We both looked out, and I was shocked, then angry at who I saw. It was that lousy Buzzy Cocker again, with Q and Anna. Sally was laughing as Anna pushed her way past the two men as she could get to the hotel that much faster. \"Ok, who's room do we find first?\" I heard her say, right before someone slide across the porch and struck a pose. \"Ta da! \" cried Carolyn, this time wearing an all grey dress and matching hat. \"What is she doing? Doesn't she know we can't trust him!\" I cried, watching as she asked Buzzy if she looked old and frumpy enough; another thing I'm sure Ms. Partridge wouldn't be too pleased about. \"I don't think that's possible,\" said Buzzy, still infatuated with her. \"We don't have time for pictures,\" said Anna crossly, staring down her uncle. At least she had some sense. \"Oh no? I thought that,\" began Carolyn, still trying to salvage her plan, but Buzzy jumped in and said it was ok. \"I mean, it's been 60 years, another 2 minutes won't matter,\" he said, before taking Carolyn off to the gardens. \"Easy for him to say, he's not the one who's been waiting here that long,\" I griped, making a face that made Sally laugh. I watched as Anna sat down, waiting for her uncle. She'd be sitting there a long time, or a short time, depending on how fast it would take Buzzy to say something stupid, which in my experience with him, wouldn't take long. \"Where did Carolyn and Buzzy go?\" Sally asked me, straining her neck to try and see them. \" No idea, the gardens maybe, no doubt to get some alone time with Carolyn,\" though the thought sickened me and doubted Gilbert would be pleased. One of the few times we agreed on something, not that I'd ever tell him that. \"Just watch. Buzzy will be like those cartoon dogs, running around with hearts in their eyes and the tongues dragging on the floor,\" I said sticking my tongue out and trying to make my eyes bulge out. Sally was holding her sides she was laughing so hard. \"But then Carolyn will break it off and throw reality back in his face like a bucket off ice water,\" I said bluntly, all hilarity gone. In mind, the sooner Buzzy took a hint and left, the better for us all. Sally looked at my suddenly serious pose, but glanced outside, eyes widening at what she saw. \"Check it out, she's going inside!\" said Sally, pointing down at Anna's disappearing figure. That's when Dewy poked his head into the room. \"Hey Kiera, we got another visitor. Want to help Gilbert and me get rid of her?\" he said, a devilish look that reminded me of a teenage boy about to pull a great prank. I thought a moment. It had been a while since I had truly \"haunted\" somebody properly, and the last time I did it was to the man who took my life, tormenting him till the day he died, which wasn't long considering the court gave him the death penalty. This would definitely be more fun. \"Sure why not?\" I said, getting up and dusting off my skirt. \"Sally, mind keeping watch for us?\" asked Dewy, smiling when she nodded. Dewy grinned, then grabbed my hand and ran down the hall. Time to mess with some suckers! I'd make sure we didn't hurt Anna, but still, what's the good of being a ghost if you can't scare somebody now and then? OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO We watched her as she came inside, her walk determined but her face betraying nerves. Gilbert moved behind her, keeping himself to be just in the corner of her vision. She spun around, but by then he had disappeared. She moved over to the check in desk, looking at the sign in book closely. \"Kiera Fox? She stayed here?\" she murmured, looking at my parent's signatures and mine. She then saw another one, which prompted her to jump over the counter and grab an envelope from one of the mailboxes. \"Hold for Gilbert London\" she said, grinning at her discovery, a pair of glass spectacles. \"Gotcha,\" she smiled. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Carolyn's P.O.V. \"So, how is this gonna bring you back?\" she asked Buzzy, trying to understand why he still wanted to do a story, when there was so much more at stake. Though his back-story on writing was very sad, the mobster mayor bit something that even she couldn't believe, it still killed her inside that he wanted to get publicity instead of help him like his niece wanted to. \"Are you kidding? We're talking proof of ghosts, global headlines! No we're talking history! \" he exclaimed, throwing his hands in the air. \"Yeah, but I thought you wanted to help the ghosts,\" she said, hoping to remind him of a pressing matter through his fog of euphoria. \"What, with some bogus voodoo? Get real!\" he said, his words cutting Carolyn like knives. \"Look, Abigail's a sweet little old lady, but she's dancing on a strange planet,\" he said, completely ignorant to the pain he was causing her. \"So, all you care about is your story,\" she said sadly, praying that he was only joking. \"It's not just a story Claire. It's redemption,\" he said, that last bit kind of pissing her off. \"It'll get me back in the game, and people will listen to me again. And seriously, what do I care about some moldy old ghosts I don't even know,\" he said, that last bit shutting her down completely. That's when she, like Kiera yesterday, had left, without comment and with a heavy heart. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. \"Showtime!\" I whispered, going invisible before walking over to the front desk. As she had seen me before, in her mind as human, I couldn't show myself to her, but I could help set the stage for the others. With Anna's back turned, I reached out and shook the inkwell station, the dusty bottle of ink beginning to rattle. \"I'm here to help you,\" she said in a shaky voice, a scowl already on my face. Sure she did, that's what Buzzy said before he let us down. My anger made my hand slip and spill the ink, the black liquid running across the sign in book, bubbling just like my anger. She backed up, opening a door and getting out of the lobby, away from me. Too bad that wouldn't work. \"I think if anyone needs help,\" began Gilbert, startling the girl as he waked up to her holding a meat cleaver. \"It's you,\" he said, an evil expression on his face. I knew he wouldn't hurt her, and even though he was a jerk a lot of the time, he was still an amazing actor. Anna was terrified, and turned to run, when Dewy popped up behind her, holding a piece of rope fashioned to look like a hangman's noose. \"Checking in?\" he asked, a creepy smile shinning in the shadows. I held back a laugh; he wasn't a bad actor himself. But Ms. Partridge was the best, holding her umbrella like she intended to run Anna through. \"You've been a bad girl,\" she said, slowly and cruelly, coming closer to Anna, backing her up against the elevator doors. They opened up, courtesy of Gilbert, and flames erupted from inside, their heat incredibly real despite them being an illusion. \"A very, bad girl,\" whispered Ms. Partridge, coming closer still to the shaking girl. A part of me felt bad, but I shook it off. The sooner she left the better. \"I wanna help you!\" she cried, cringing away from the flames as the doors shut. \"Go away girl. Leave us alone,\" ordered Mrs. Partridge, before she disappeared. That's when Sally appeared, even though both Mrs. Partridge and I had told her to stay put! \"You want to help us?\" she asked, looking at Anna seriously, which wasn't an expression for a girl like Sally to normally use. \"Yeah,\" breathed Anna, trying hard, I noticed, not to hyperventilate. \"Can you fix the elevator?\" replied Sally, waiting for Anna's reply. \"The elevator?\" she repeated, like she hadn't heard her. \"We have to get to the party,\" she said, before disappearing as well. Anna stood stock still for a moment, then bolted. \"UNCLE BUZZY!\" was the last thing I heard before she was outside. \"Well, you were a lot of help,\" came Gilbert's snide voice, appearing with Dewy, Sally and Ms. Partridge. \"Hey, she saw me already ok? It's a bit hard to first say your human, and then appear as a ghost! You try it sometime!\" I retorted, smiling as Dewey came over and put an air around me. \"Leave her alone London! She knows how to think things through, unlike you. The ink trick was pretty good,\" said Dewey, giving me a quick kiss on the cheek, Gilbert making gagging noises. I ignored him, and smiled at Dewey. \"You weren't too bad yourself, my demon bell hop,\" I said, before I heard voices. \"Oh great, they're back. Time for round two I guess,\" I said, before we all went invisible again. \"Yes, with us doing all the work\" retorted Gilbert. I growled. \"Shut it, London, or I'll shut it for you!\" I said, getting the last word in before the humans came back. Kiera 1, London 0. As always! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I watched as Anna and Buzzy poke their heads around the corner, no doubt searching for us like we'd still be standing there. \"I found a luggage claim check for Carolyn Crosson, Room 1012\" said Anna, leading her Uncle into the room. \"That means we have to climb ten floors,\" said Buzzy, his attitude making me grind my teeth. \"Not if her luggage didn't make it,\" she said, her eyes landing on a dusty luggage cart. \"Wonder what they'd want the elevator for,\" said Buzzy, as Anna compared luggage slips. \"To get to the party,\" she replied, before looking at another bag. \"Aren't they a little late?\" he asked, Gilbert groaning first in annoyance, then pain as I shot an elbow in his side to keep him quiet. \"Yes this is it!\" Anna exclaimed, her hands excitedly grabbing and opening a dusty suitcase. \"This feel's like grave robbing,\" said Buzzy, looking for the first time concerned about something other then himself. So now he's decided to grow a conscious? \"We have to find something that belonged to her,\" said Anna, sifting through the stuff. \"This whole place feel's like a tomb\" said Buzzy, looking around the room warily. Anna then found a jewelry box, and pulled out a locket. She opened it, revealing a picture, three guesses who. Buzzy, no surprise, was looking at an ancient bottle of champagne across the room. \"Uncle Buzzy, you better come look at this,\" said Anna, staring intently at the photo. He and here only looked at it for a second, when I made my move, shaking the table and making the bottle he was just holding rattle and clatter. I shook it hard enough to pop the top, long contained champagne shooting out in an impressive arch. \"This is a joke right?\" asked Buzzy, holding onto his niece protectively. \"I assure you old man,\" spoke Gilbert, materializing against a pillar and leaning against it. \"It's no joke.\" Buzzy and Anna collapsed on a sofa, a cloud of dust puffing up as they did. He then began pouring himself a drink, of all things, which I guess caused Dewey to snap. \"Hey! We were saving that!\" he said, materializing with his arms crossed. \"Oh do shut up stooge, \" he said, filling the cup up to the brim, just as Sally appeared. \"Don't call him stooge!\" she defended, scowling up at the actor in resentment. \"Please child, go somewhere and tap something,\" he said, his stab at humor a total flop. \"Oh good god, don't start on your comedy routine cause news flash! YOU'RE NOT FUUNY! Don't quit your day job, London, however mediocre it appears to be,\" I said, materializing now that they had, Buzzy and Anna's jaws dropping as I appeared. \"Oh it's a final member of the motley crew, come to join the party,\" he said snobbishly, the three of us marching over to him angrily. \"It's ok, it's all right\" I heard Buzzy say, to him or his niece I'm not sure, as the four of us got into an argument. We probably could have gone on, if a voice hadn't caught our attention. \"STOP!\" cried Carolyn, all of us looking up in surprise. \"We're making a bad impression,\" she said, her voice echoing through the room. \"I suppose you're going to make a grand entrance now,\" said Gilbert dismissively, though we all knew how much he cared about Carolyn a great deal. That's when Carolyn appeared, in her classic white dress she had worn the night she died. Buzzy held up the picture from the locket, comparing it to the woman. \"Carolyn Crosson is my real name. My stage name is Claire Poulet, and maybe I'm not such a bad actress after all\" she said, a sly grin on her face. Though I was a bit cross that she hadn't told me all of her plan, it did work pretty well after all. \"Then you're not Jenny Poulet then?\" asked Buzzy, finally looking over at me. I smirked, crossing my arms. \"Took you that long to figure it out huh? She seems to know though,\" I said, gesturing to Anna, who nodded. \"You're Kiera Fox,\" she said, holding up the newspaper of my death, my senior picture smiling at me. \"Good show Sherlock Homes, however did you come to that conclusion?\" said Gilbert snidely, but for once I agreed with him. \"Guess I'm a pretty good actor too,\" I said, going over and reaching out to Anna. \"Let's try this again. I'm Kiera, nice to meet you,\" I said, smiling at her and giving her Uncle a pointed glare. I then stepped back, next to Dewey, letting Carolyn take the reins again. \"I'm sorry I fooled you, but I had to know why you were here,\" she said looking down at Anna and Buzzy with a guilty expression. \"Oh be honest, you were infatuated!\" accused Gilbert, raising an eyebrow at Carolyn. \"Come on it wasn't just her! He was making goo goo eyes at Carolyn the whole time too,\" I said, Buzzy going red in the face. I wasn't making goo goo eyes at her!\" he said, not too convincingly. \"It was the flower you put in the vase old man. Very sensitive,\" he griped at Carolyn moving to stand next to him with her arms crossed. \" I thought maybe he could help us,\" she said, defending herself. \"You thought he was cute,\" he replied, the two staring each other down. \"He wants to tell people about us Carolyn! In the newspaper. We'll be like zoo animals,\" said Dewey angrily. \"Or aliens. But that doesn't matter, just as long as he can sell his story,\" I said, glaring at him. \"Thanks to you,\" said Gilbert, toasting Dewey sarcastically with his glass. \"For the 1 millionth time it wasn't my fault!\" cried Dewey, this argument as old as we were. \"We know it wasn't your fault Dewey,\" said Sally, patting him on the shoulder. \"Yeah, Gilbert's just grouchy because he got up on the wrong side of the bed. Every morning for 60 years,\" I said, smiling snidely as he rolled his eyes. Dewey groaned, sinking into a chair. \"Maybe it was. I don't know. I had one job, to run the elevator. Couldn't even do that right,\" he said, as I sat down on his lap. \"The truth hurts, doesn't it,\" said Gilbert, wincing as Carolyn smacked him. \"Gilbert!\" We don't know the truth! All we know is that we were in the elevator, there was a flash of light, \" she began, before Gilbert chimed in. \"And here we are, all dressed up and no place to go. At least most of us,\" he said, smirking at me. \"Well excuse me for not changing into an evening gown while I was being murdered!\" I said sarcastically, the look of guilt in his eyes enough to tell m that he felt bad. \"Oh well, cheers, \" he said, before taking a sip of champagne. Or at least tried to, as it went through his mouth and onto the carpet. I laughed, his slip-ups the things tat reminded me that he was in the same spiritual form as we were. \"Whoops, pity,\" he said, shrugging it off easily. Sally sighed, looking down at her feet. \"I was going to see my family at the party,\" she said sadly, Dewey and I both reaching out to comfort her. \"And I had a most important engagement,\" said Gilbert, looking over at Carolyn. \"I was gonna be on stage for the first time, singing\" she said, trying to smile through her disappointment. \"And I came here hoping to solve the mystery, but ended up becoming a ghost myself\" I said, Dewy taking my hand in his and gently squeezing it, giving me a sad smile. \"But none of us made it, and we don't know why,\" Carolyn said, looking over at Buzzy and Anna. The two humans looked at each other, and Anna spoke up. \"We know why,\" she began, taking a deep breath. It was Ms. Partridge.\" I stared at her. Ms. Partridge? No way. \"What?\" asked Dewy, getting up and taking my hand, moving over to the rest of the ghosts. \"Did somebody call my name?\" came her voice, right before she came in, glaring daggers at Buzzy. \"I thought we scared them off,\" she said,, still scowling at the two. \"Oh we tried. Carolyn keeps intervening,\" said Gilbert, the two ghosts glaring at each other again. Anna glared, then leaped up from the couch. \"It was you, you old witch!\" she exclaimed before Buzzy got up and grabbed her shoulders. \"No, no don't tick them off!\" he tried to stop her, but she continued. \"We know all about your black magic! You cast a spell on Sally because you hated her, but it backfired and you all got zapped!\" she accused, glaring at Ms. Partridge. I looked at her like she was crazy. Ms. Partridge hurt Sally? The thought was unthinkable. \"It was you Ms. Partridge! It's your fault everyone's trapped in here!\" she said, Buzzy holding her back by the shoulders. Things were quiet for a moment, before Ms. Partridge spoke. \"I don't know where you came up with such a fairy story lass, but I couldn't love Sally more, if she was me own daughter,\" she said, smiling at Sally as the girl ran over, puling her close. \"I protected her in life, and I'll continue, until I get her back safe with her parents,\" she said, looking at Buzzy and Anna with a fierce determination. \"Who told you that bunch of lies?\" I asked, with Dewey adding that Emalline would never hurt Sally, which was true. \"Of course not,\" said Carolyn, looking at Anna like she was insane. \"She's a crusty old dame, but she loves the girl. Can't imagine why,\" said Gilbert, getting glares from the others. \"It's a wonder anybody like you, the way you behave. Maybe Sally should give you some lessons,\" I said, getting a laugh out of Dewey and Sally. \"Well if Ms. Partridge didn't do it, \" began Buzzy, his brow furrowed in deep thought. \"Then who did?\" We all shook our heads, none of us knowing why we were trapped here. \"I don't know, but that doesn't matter. What matters right now is that we get that elevator fixed before tonight. We've been stuck here long enough,\" I said, Dewey putting a hand on my shoulder. \"No truer words have ever been spoken my dear,\" he said, Gilbert rolling his eyes. He was about to say something rude, cause what else could he contribute to the conversation. \"Save it Drippy, before you have another accident,\" I said, before walking towards the elevator. \"And funny to boot! Is there anything you can't do?\" asked Dewey, a small smile tugging on my lips. \"I'll get back to you on that, but as of right now, no, no there is not!\" And so the plot grows thicker! There were bits of the movie I cut out, for example Buzzy and Carolyn's moment in the gardens, but for timing issues I had to cut it short, so I'm sorry for those of you who liked that scene! Gilbert: I hope your referring to me! Me: Aw, is Mr. Has-been jealous? Gilbert: NO! I just think Carolyn could do much better! In fact I'll go tell her that right now! (Races out of room) Aw! Anyway, tell me what you think, cause I'll be here all weekend, awaiting your wonderful reviews![Chapter 10] Chapter 10: Stuck, Jammed, Unmoving! … What to say, what to say. This chapter has been a thorn in my side for too long. . I can honestly say that my lack of update has to do with a lot of stuff that's been happening in my life recently. There's been a lot of emotional stuff going on, and I've honestly not have the drive to update like I normally do. I can only profusely apologize for my lack of updating and pray that some of you out there still want to read this story, for I have not abandoned it, merely hiatused it for a while. Now, if you'll let me, I'll answer your comments that should have been answered a long time ago. Solaria daughter of Apollo: Gilbert is one of those people, in my opinion, who knows he's being rude, and at the same time doesn't, which makes him very annoying. You're right about his age being weird, so in this story I have him about 22. Hope that's ok with you. His expression was priceless, and you don't know when you first watch it whether to laugh or scream. I apologize for the wait, and I'm trying to update HRSF2. Look for it in the next few days! LadyOfSlytherin101: You must really hate me right now, for I still haven't reviewed your most recent chapter. I don't know what's wrong with me lately, but I just haven't found the time, will or inspiration to. Maybe you should send Jane over, just to force me to write something, be it good or not. Now back to your review. Mozenrath is one of my favorite old villains, as is Xexres. A hotel Transylvania would be great, and if you still like me after being such a hermit for the past few months, I would be honored if you dedicated it to me. I'm going to review your story right now, so I apologize right now if you find it lacks the substance my reviews normally have, but keeping you waiting for o long is rude and I'm so sorry! Hope this chapter isn't that horrible ColorGuardSweetHeartHottieFury: I in turn am sorry for my inactivity! My life has been so hectic recently that I haven't had the time or really the need to write and it's awful! I really hope your b-day was fu, and since this review is so late I'm dedicating this chapter to you, as my belated present and apology. Your life seems hectic too, so maybe you'll understand where I'm coming from, what with school, drama, emotional crap and all that. Anyway, I'm super sorry for the long wait, but maybe now Ill finally be inspired enough to actually complete this story! Thank you for the love! ThanksForTheMemories: Nice user name! Glad to meet you, and I'm so glad you like it! I like Kiera too, but you wouldn't believe how much more work is included when you try to add an OC to an already cemented storyline, but if you like it then I guess I'm doing ok so far. Kiera'd death was hard to write, and details are all really important to me, so I'm glad you eked them! I will try to update more, and I hope you like it Isaaclover: I'm so sorry for being so late in updating, but I'm glad you like this story. You'll like this chapter, for the second half is all fluffy stuff between Kiera and Dewy, so I hope it meets your expectations. Jamie: My apologies for being so late! I will try to write more, I promise! (I will also use the whole thought idea in the next few chapters! James: Thanks! Hope to actually finish it soon! Kyle: I will try! Amy: Thank you for that review! It got me writing again, and I will try to update more frequently. I do apologize for the delay! Michelle: Thank you! I apologize for the wait, but I think you'll like this chapter! Lots of fluff going on being our favorite ghost couple! Though this chapter is way over due, it is dedicated to ColorGuardSweetHeartHottieFury, for her continued support and as a belated shout out to her birthday a few weeks ago, (Love yah girl!) I again apologize for my lack of updating, but if good inspiration graces me, hopefully I'll get this story done before next month. Anyway, I really hope you like this chapter, and I'll get started on the next one immediately, and hopefully have it posted before Monday! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. \"It's up there all right!\" said Buzzy, after he had yanked open the elevator doors and looked up the shaft. \"It's stuck on 11, one floor short\" said Dewey glumly. \"If we could just get to the party the curse would be broken!\" said Ms. Partridge, clasping her hands together. \"What about you? You weren't cursed like everyone else,\" said Anna looking over at me. \"You don't know how many times I've tired to convince myself of that. But I guess since I died here I just became part of the curse. I've tried a million times, but every time I try to get to the next floor it feels like I've run into a brick wall and electrocuted by an electric fence. For example,\" I said, disappearing through the ceiling and flying up towards the 12 floor, trying to brace myself for what I knew would happen. I could imagine the wincing as they heard me yell out in pain. I came back down, a bit sore and little dizzy, but otherwise unharmed. Pros and cons I guess of being a ghost. \"Nothing works,\" I said, looking over at Buzzy, who was still staring at the elevator. \"Hate to break it to you, but that party's been over for 60 years,\" he said, smiling like he would to an ignorant child. \"You're wrong old man. The party never ended,\" he said, my eyes traveling up to the ceiling. \"We hear it every Halloween,\" said Ms Partridge. \"They're waiting for us!\" the others nodded. \"But we can't get to it because the elevators stuck,\" said Sally, shrugging in annoyance. \"We tried the stairs, but we can't get past 11. It's like a curse,\" said Dewy, as Gilbert looked over at me and smiled. \"You could always try again Kiera, I mean billionth times the charm right?\" he said, as I glared at him. \"Why keep all the fun to myself? Why don't you do it, so we could all have a laugh,\" I said, the two of us glaring daggers at each other. \"Then at 8:05 the party ends. Until the next year, it's torture!\" Mrs. Partridge said, and it was. Burning a the stake and the rack were hardly methods of torture. A least those eventually ended. Just this constant waiting, with no end in sight, was true suffering. \"So we fix it,\" stated Buzzy, surprising all of us. \"Really?\" asked Sally, looking up at him hopefully. \"Yeah really?\" I asked, crossing my arms and scowling at him. I still didn't trust him. \"How?\" asked Anna, her hands on her hips. \"Well how hard can it be?\" he asked, Anna looking relieved. \"You know about elevators?\" she asked, Buzzy looking back at her. \"No,\" (Big surprise there),\"but I'll bet Q does!\" he said, Ms. Partridge immediately asked who he was. \"Q! He's Dewey's grandson! He knows the building, and he's a mechanic!\" he said excitedly. Gilbert crossed his arms. \"We're doomed,\" he declared. \"God can't you just be positive for a change?\" I asked, as an excited gleam came into Dewey's eyes. \"No we're not! Q can do it! \" he said, his excitement about to burst judging from his expression. \"But it must be tonight! Halloween!\" declared Ms Partridge, all of us looking at Dewey. \"Well then Q's all we got,\" he said, Anna grinning madly. \"Then we are doomed,\" said Gilbert again, this time following his broken record sentence with a yell, as I had stepped on him with the heel off my shoe. Carolyn had a curious expression on her face as she moved closer to Buzzy, arms crossed. \"I thought you didn't care about moldy old ghosts you didn't know,\" she said, waiting for him to contradict her. \"Well now I know you,\" he said, his another attempt at flirting, just as idiotic as the first few times. \"Gimmie a break. We want a solution, not a soap opera!\" I said, getting smiles from everyone else except Buzzy. Oh well, not everyone can get a good joke. Carolyn smiled at me, then turned back to Buzzy. \"This isn't about your story?\" she challenged, still holding him in her gaze. \"No it's not. I want to help you,\" he said, as Carolyn smiled triumphantly. \"Hmm, then I was right about you after all, directing her \"I told you so'\" look at Gilbert and me. Gilbert shrugged sheepishly while I crossed my arms, still a little wary of Buzzy's motives. \"So what happened to that real live actress that I hired?\" he asked. That's where I hopped in, putting an arm across Carolyn's shoulders. \"Oh, yeah, about that. We kinda scared her off. I mean, what kind of ghosts would be if we didn't do a little haunting now and again?\" I said, both of us grinning at the memory, her genuinely, and me falsely. Anna and Buzzy left then, to go get Q, leaving me to worry now. If Dewey had a grandson, then that meant he was married, (at least at some point) and if that was the case, what if I was infringing on the lives of a married couple! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO \"Dewey, can I ask you something?\" I said, waiting nervously for the conversation that would follow. \"What is it Keira?\" he asked, taking in my nervous demeanor. \"I wanted to ask you about Q,\" I said, not quite meeting his eyes. \"What about Q?\" he said, not quite getting my drift. \"I mean, if he's your grandson, then that mean's you were married at some point, to have either Q's mom or dad. What I want to know is if I'm going out with a married man who has a wife waiting for him on the other side!\" I didn't realize I was crying and shouting until Dewey grasped my shoulders. \"Don't cry Keira! You don't have to be worried about that!\" he said, pulling me against him as I cried, my chest heaving as I bit back the tears. \"But Dewey,\" I began before he covered my mouth with his hands, making me look at him. \"Just calm down and breathe Kiera, in a manor of speaking,\" he said, getting a small smile from me as he lead me over to one of the dusty couches. \"Now, what happened between me and Elizabeth, my wife, was over long before I met you,\" he began. Her name already making me feel guilty. \"My family had arranged for me to marry Elizabeth when I was five, trying to cement the family wealth as early as possible. We were to marry when we both came of age, but though our relationship was pleasant, there was no real connection. For either of us. We were friends, but when there was no real love, even after we were married, we couldn't stay together. We divorced, something uncommon back then, and went our separate ways,\" he said, looking at seriously. I felt a sigh of relief, at least I wasn't infringing where I shouldn't. \"But what about Q then?\" I asked, wondering if it was possible. \" Well, even though we weren't very compatible with each other, she was still important to me, and when she adopted a little boy I supported her. His name was Danny and he was 6 years old. He was the son I never had and always wanted, but Elizabeth wanted someone who loved her for her. I agreed that it was best, and anyway I still got to see Danny,\" he said, looking at me and laughing at my confused expression. Divorce was very uncommon back when I was alive, so to hear that it worked out so well for him was confusing. Great, but confusing. \"So what happened to them?\" I found myself asking. \"Well Elizabeth did end up marrying again, but this time her husband was a total washout, and she began to fear for her and Danny's safety. She left him within the year and just stuck to being a single mother, something very uncommon back then as well. Danny grew up and ultimately married, for I never heard about Q until today,\" he said, before his eyes got misty again. \"Though it may not have worked out, they were my family, and I miss them,\" he said, looking at me sadly. I nodded, clasping his hand in mine. \"And you always will. The people we love will always hold bits of our heart till the day we die. And even longer, in our case,\" I said, Dewy giving me a small smile. \"But don't you see, Kiera. That's why you don't have to worry about anything. I love you, and want to spend whatever time we have together,\" he said, pulling me close and kissing my forehead. I felt my anxiety subside, for I now knew the reason why. And it wouldn't be as awkward to talk to him if he ever came inside the hotel. Still a small part of me felt sad, as I thought of my own family. Did my uncle feel sad the way Q did, when someone at least close to him passed away? Did he even care that I was gone? For a long time I had felt like that, and it was only when Dewy had gotten close to me that I didn't need to feel that way anymore. Dewy cared about me, and I him, and like he said, I too wanted to spend the rest of the time I had with him and only him. He was my only piece of heaven in this living hell, and if I was with him, things didn't have to be so bad. And when he lifted my chin up to kiss me, I felt at peace, a happiness I had never experienced alive filing me up like a balloon. If I had to be stuck here, at least I had him. And he had me. Ok, probably not the best description on Dewy's past life, but since it's Disney, I tried to make everything turn out ok, and still get Q's connection to Dewy as accurate as possible. I again apologize for taking so long, but I hop to update soon, so until then, ~Rainlily216 Out!~[Chapter 11] Chapter 11: We're Still Doing This Ok, it's been a year, some idiot tried to jack this story, and I'm so tired I could fall asleep sitting up as I write this. But it's Halloween again, and to make you wait any longer would be awful, so I whipped up this chapter and I hope you still want to read it! But first, I need to acknowledge some of my lovely reviews! Those who reviewed: LadyOfSlytherin101 Solaria daughter of Apollo Isaaclover Jamie Amy xoThanksforTheMemoriesxo And I also want to thank to people in particular, TheodoreSeville85 and Bratette, who alerted me to the fact that story was being stolen by some idiot for another genre but with the same storyline, so thank you two so much for reporting him and getting his story deleted. Plagiarism is no joke, so don't leave your story like I did for months on end, or someone might try to rip you off like he did to me. Anyway, I apologize yet again for going on such a long hiatus, but I really hope anyone who still likes this story likes this chapter as well! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Anna's P.O.V. \"UNCLE BUZZY! What are you doing?\" I yelled, not believing what I had just heard. Besides hearing that Abigail had lied to us, Uncle Buzzy was now going on about the story he was going to right, after this lady from the paper that had ridiculed him told him to just stop what he was doing, just to publish a stupid story. I seemed to get through to him for a moment, as he seemed to come back to reality and asked this Jill person if he could do it tomorrow. \"Oh, yeah…why? I mean sure Buzzy; you've only been waiting five years for another chance, what's another 24 hours? You know what,\" she said, brushing past me with a small excuse me, \"I'll call you,\" she said, before going towards the door. Uncle Buzzy, please don't…\"Wait, wait!\" he cried, sending my hope for the ghosts plummeting. He came up to me, the thoughts of stardom shinning clearly on his face. \"Look, I'll be there as soon as I can,\" he said to me, my heart breaking as he literally broke his promise to me into pieces. \"Then it will be too late!\" I tried to reason with him. \"What do you want me to do!\" he asked, and though there were many things I wanted him to do, I tried again to make him see the mistake he was making. \"But you promised!\" I said, and then I saw the stardom come back. \"Anna, I've been waiting for this chance a long time,\" he said, still not getting it. I tried one last time. \"Well what about them. Kiera has waited for 50 years, and the others have waited 10 years longer!\" I said, before getting cut off by Jill. \"Buzzy!\" she said, making to go to the door again, my uncle eyes panicked again. \"I'm sorry honey,\" he said, kissing me on the cheek as he left, the imprint he left feeling cold and uncaring. Just like he was. \"You lied!\" I cried out, my outburst getting him to turn around. \"You said you would help them but you lied!\" I cried again, feeling hot tears fill up my eyes as I struggled to hold them back. \"I guess the truth doesn't matter to you,\" I said, before ripping off my necklace he had given me only a few days ago and throwing it on the table. He looked at me, more confused then sad, and then he left without a word. I sighed, wondering how I would do this now, alone with Q. \"Well, I'm not going in there without him,\" he said, his comment making me turn around angrily. Not him too. \"Yes, you are! We're still doing it!\" I said, before marching out the door with a stuttering Q trailing me. I wasn't going to give up on them. I wasn't going to abandon them like Uncle Buzzy did. How he abandoned me. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. We had been waiting a few hours, mostly just sitting in the lobby, with Dewy and Mr. Negative trading half hearted insults, when suddenly, there was a couple pops and crackles in the air, and we had electricity! For he first time in 60 years the hotel was lit up again, the fixtures and lamps glowing brilliantly even through their layers of dust and cobwebs. \"They did it!\" I said, hugging Dewy tightly, feeling hope for the first time in many a decade. \"This could work! We'll make it to the party this year,\" said Dewy as he laughed, and I grinned, then immediately frowning when Gilbert put in one of his many snide comments. \"And what if it doesn't hmm? What if turns out to be exactly like all the others? Don't understand how you can be so hopeful, but then again you've only been here 50 years\" he said, and I just rolled my eyes, not going to let him ruin my hopeful feeling. \"No one asked you, now go back to your pacing, pretty boy, before I slug you,\" I said, smirking when he scoffed at me before doing just that. Stupid Gilbert, I looked forward to laughing at him when he was proven wrong. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Anna's P.O.V. \"Come on!\" I urged cue, watching as he peeked around the doorway. I set my stuff down and looked at him again, telling him to come out, that it was ok, the way you might a scared child. Q slowly came in with small cautious steps, smiling nervously when he fully got inside. He finally looked more at ease. Dewy could have picked a better time to say hi to him though. \"Grandson?\" he asked, Q jumping about three feet in the air and racing to ride behind me. Dewy slowly walked forward, and I saw Kiera come up behind him, hesitantly, like she was trying not to scare us. \"Why didn't you ever come in?\" asked Dewy sadly, looking at Q, for I guess the very first time. Q was about to hightail it out of there, when Dewy begged him to wait. Dewy sighed, before stepping closer to us. \"When I was alive, there wasn't much I did that turned out right. Pop would have let me run this hotel. But I couldn't even run the elevator. I also didn't tell a beautiful women how I felt for almost 60 years,\" he said, before looking over to Kiera, who slowly came forward and gently grasped his hand, looking a Q with a nervous smile. \"Hi, I'm Kiera\" she said, giving a small wave to Q who looked bewildered. \"Now, I've finally got a chance to do something right. But I need your help,\" he said, to Q beseechingly. \"What do you say?\" he asked, all of us looking at Q, who finally looked like he would talk. \"I say… lets get this party started!\" he said, snapping his fingers that made both me and Kiera giggle. We could do this! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. Both Dewy and I walked over to Anna and Q, Dewy looking like he wanted to hug Q. \"So… are you two?\" he began, looking at our clasped hands. I smiled, looking up at the man who was older and younger then the two of us at the same time. \"Yeah. We're kinda together,\" I said, trying so hard not to make it be weird. I guess Q had heard the story of his Grandparents divorce and didn't seem too baffled by it. \"Right….well you look good for 68,\" he said, and I burst out laughing, as I had never gotten that kind of compliment before. \"Well thank you kindly. That is the one of the few pros of being a ghost,\" I said, surprised when Dewy kissed my cheek. \"Even old and grey you'd still be beautiful,\" he said, and I rolled my eyes. \"Though the same holds true for you Dewy, lets not scar Q or Anna when we have more important things to do. By the way, where's Buzzy?\" I asked, wondering why he hadn't walked in with the other two. Unless… \"He didn't come. His story was more important to him,\" said Anna quietly. Great. He left us, just like he promised he wouldn't! I knew he was a fake! \"That dirty rat!\" I said out loud, before realizing that I was talking to his niece of all people. \"Sorry\" I said, not surprised when she shook her head. \"It's ok, I'm feeling the same way right now. But it doesn't matter. We're here and we won't give up!\" she said, the fierce determination in her eyes covering my anger towards Buzzy. \"And I wouldn't trade that for anything. Thank you, Anna and Q. Now lets get that elevator working, cause we have a party to get to!\" Review and tell me if you like it or not! Reviews are the main reason I write fanfiction, after all. ~Rainlily216 Out!~[Chapter 12] Chapter 12: Time Is Running Out It's been another long year, and though it's past Halloween, I thought I'd give this story more life. Also a quick shout out to all my wonderful reviewers! Solaria daughter of Apollo Morgan ColorGuardSweetHeartHottieFury labratgwenpiper Asery Aseerrmio Ecvoll Asernil Hocuspocuswitch Just-A-Fangirl And a special, special thank you to 1bluesapphire, who emailed me and asked me to continue this story. So this chapter is dedicated to them, and I do hope it's well received. There are only a few more chapters, and I will do my best to complete them and this story this year! Last Time On Never Leave OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. Both Dewy and I walked over to Anna and Q, Dewy looking like he wanted to hug Q. \" So… are you two?\" he began, looking at our clasped hands. I smiled, looking up at the man who was older and younger then the two of us at the same time. \" Yeah. We're kinda together,\" I said, trying so hard not to make it be weird. I guess Q had heard the story of his Grandparents divorce and didn't seem too baffled by it. \" Right….well you look good for 68,\" he said to me, and I burst out laughing, as I had never gotten that kind of compliment before. \" Well thank you kindly. That is the one of the few pros of being a ghost,\" I said, surprised when Dewy kissed my cheek. \" Even old and grey you'd still be beautiful,\" he said, and I rolled my eyes. \" Though the same holds true for you Dewy, lets not scar Q or Anna when we have more important things to do. By the way, where's Buzzy?\" I asked, wondering why he hadn't walked in with the other two. Unless… \" He didn't come. His story was more important to him,\" said Anna quietly. Great. He left us, just like he promised he wouldn't! I knew he was a fake! \" That lying, dirty rat,\" I said out loud, before realizing that I was talking to his niece of all people. \" Sorry\" I said, not surprised when she shook her head. \" It's ok, I'm feeling the same way right now. But it doesn't matter. We're here and we won't give up!\" she said, the fierce determination in her eyes covering my anger towards Buzzy. \" And I wouldn't trade that for anything. Thank you, Anna and Q. Now lets get that elevator working, cause we have a party to get to!\" Now onto the chapter! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Jenny's P.O.V. Jenny looked up at the sky, dark storm clouds rolling forward. A storm, just like the ones that had taken her best friend from her. 50 years of guilt and sadness, and she had been too scared to go back. But, that Anna girl, had seemed so sure about the ghosts, how Kiera might be one of them. Jenny looked at the sky and closed her eyes, taking a few deep breaths. Even thinking about Kiera broke something in her. She touched a finger to the pendent of her necklace, one she had worn since her 17th birthday. It was a beautiful pendent, a flower made of gold and amethyst, her birthstone and favorite color. She remembered when Kiera had given it to her, how the sun had felt one her skin as they sat in the park. \" I know it's small but I saw it and knew I had to get it for you,\" Kiera had laughed, struggling to tie back her long black hair as Jenny opened the box. \" Oh Kiera it's beautiful!\" exclaimed Jenny, the pendent shinning in the sunlight, swinging on it's gold chain ever so slightly in the breeze. She immediately put in it on, and proceeded to hug her friend tightly. \" I'm glad you like it,\" said Kiera, before looking at Jenny seriously. \"Jenny, you're my best friend, and I want you to promise me something,\" she said. \" Anything,\" said Jenny, a bit concerned with her friend's sudden change in emotion. \" I want you to promise me that we'll always be there for one another, as long as we can. I know it's a lot to ask but, well as of now your all I've got, and I can't imagine what I'd do without you in my life,\" she said, and Jenny felt her heart swell with love for her friend. \" Of course I promise. Your like a sister to me, Kiera. I'll do my best to always be there when you need me, even when we're both old and grey old ladies complaining about the rain,\" Jenny said and Kiera rolled her eyes playfully. \" Could you imagine us as old ladies? Though I do have to say we'd look awesome with grey hair,\" she said, and both of the girls laughed, the idea both humorous and strange. Two tears ran down Jenny's checks, and her shoulders shook as she clutched the necklace. Lydia was passing by her room, just having said goodbye to her parents, who were going to a party, when she saw her grandmother sobbing. \"Grandma, what's wrong? What happened?\" asked the teen, and Jenny looked up, Lydia surprised to see a look of fierce determination in her eyes. \"Get your keys, Lydia dear. I need to get to the Hollywood Tower Hotel, before it's too late!\" said Jenny, getting up and wrapping herself in a thick blue shawl. \"Too late for what Grandma?\" asked Lydia, finding herself having to run after her Grandma, who was heading out the door. \"Something I should have done 50 years ago. Now lets get moving!\" OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. Smoke seeped from the elevator's control panel, a shower of sparks exploding from the wires. The three of us, Dewy, Anna and myself, peered out from behind Q, who looked at the elevator with befuddlement. \"That can't be good\" Anna said and I sighed. \"Though technology has no doubt gotten better since my day, all those sparks are not going to help,\" I said, Q shaking his head in frustration. \"It's these old circuits. I gotta jury-rig new ones,\" he said, and I just nodded, Dewy mimicking me. \"Then do it,\" he said, wrapping a comforting arm around my waist. I leaned into him, full aware that if I had been alive, I would have been hyperventilating. \"Can't you take the service elevator? \"asked Q and I tried to keep my voice un-judgmental at the question, least I sound like Gilbert. \"Q it's the only way. The stairs don't work, floating through walls won't work, and though I hate to put more pressure on you, you fixing this elevator is our only chance!\" I said, Q visibly paling. That's when I suddenly felt an unsettling chill creep over me, which was weird because ghosts don't feel temperature. \"Kiera, you all right?\" asked Dewy, who was holding my hand and must have felt me tense up. \"Yeah, I just have this strange feeling. Something cold and dark,\" I murmured, as another electrical buzz caught my attention, and I saw a small flash of flames come from the control box, accompanied by the sound of Q coughing. \"Man, this is hopeless!\" he said, fanning away the smoke. Dewy tried to smile. \"You're doing fine. Try again.\" Dewy was being supportive, but I felt his arm around my waist tense. Time was running out, and though I know you can't rush miracles or electrical work, Q needed to get this thing up and running. \"All right. Anna, I need more tape\" I felt the feeling of cold again, like someone had opened a window and a ice cold wind had hit my skin. I looked around, but saw nothing. \"I'm going to go check on the others,\" I told Dewy, kissing him on the cheek before heading out to the lobby. I couldn't watch Q work, not that I doubted him, but I could just feel the time slipping away. I heard a strain of music begin as I entered, and looked up, to find it was coming from one of the speakers. \"It's the party,\" said Sally, and I put a hand on her shoulder. I may have been worried, and a little unsettled by that cold feeling, but I wasn't about to let on to Sally. \"We're never going to make it by 8:05\" said Gilbert. I didn't like the note of worry in Gilbert's voice. Call me crazy, but I actually missed his arrogant tone at that moment \"Where's Buzzy?\" asked Carolyn, and I tried to smile. \"We don't need him. Q and Anna have everything under control,\" I said, trying to clam the waves of anxiousness that went crashing through my spectral body. \"I hope you're right,\" said Gilbert, a slight smile with a bit of a snide undertone. I grinned, a real one this time, and gave him a light shove. \"Well it's a good thing I'm always right when it comes to our arguments then,\" I said, my small attempt at a joke making the others smile, even Gilbert. They all went to sit down on the lobby's couches, while I turned back to the elevator, praying with all my might that my response to Gilbert would come true. \"Please Q, please hurry.\" OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Third Person \"You're blowing it, you're blowing it! I can't believe this, I get back in the game and you just—you just have to, uhhh, what are you looking for?\" cried Jill, trailing Buzzy into his dark apartment. It didn't seem like Buzzy was listening to her until the last bit, searching his desk like a madman. \"The book, it's gotta be about the book. Why does she want it so bad?\" Jill shook her head, Buzzy wasn't making any sense. \"Who knows, who cares? The women is completely nuts, I mean she probably thinks that she's a witch!\" Buzzy was quiet for a moment before he turned to face her, a look of real fear on his face. \"We gotta get back to the hotel,\" he said, before racing past a bewildered Jill, grabbing her hand at the last moment!\" \"Why? Hey!\" OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. I leaned against one of the couch cushions, looking up when Gilbert offered his hand to Carolyn, pulling her to her feet and then into a dance, the soft sounds of a slow song coming from the speaker on the wall. Ms. Partridge, Sally and I watched them, and I found myself smiling. Gilbert may have been a jerk, and though he was arrogant to us he did seem to truly care for Carolyn. I poked my head around the corning to see Q, still fiddling with the elevator, and could tell by the way Dewy's shoulders clenched that he was getting anxious. I was too. For the third time that night, I felt that cold feeling seep over my skin, and found myself walking toward one of the dark hallways that led towards the kitchen. A roll of thunder reached my ears, and I could hear Ms. Partridge say how the storm, like the one that cursed them and the one that doomed me, was back. That alone scared me. Thunderstorms had been such a prevalent force through my short life. It had cursed Sally, Gilbert, Carolyn, Ms. Partridge and Dewy. It had taken the lives of my parents, and it was the last thing I saw before I died. It was force that scared me, and it was happening again. \"It's getting late Grandson\" I heard Dewy say as I reached them, all three showing the signs of early panic. \"Anna, I need a voltmeter,\" he said, both Anna and I looking at him strangely. A what? \"It's a little black box with red and black wires sticking out of it\" Anna ran over towards Q's tool box, and was about to pick up the object Q needed, when we both heard a sound. An old, malicious sounding chant. And it sounded like it was coming from the kitchen. I didn't speak, just hurried down the hall, Anna coming after me. The cold seemed to increase as we ran, but I ignored it. I had to know what was making me feel like this. Fire from the north. And wind from the west. Come back to this place. Come back, come back! We left the light of the lobby behind, an eerie glow directing us towards one of the kitchen prep rooms. It's the midnight hour of ancient power. Dark light of the underworld be my guide! What was then will now be again. We turned a corner and stopped dead. A little old women with snow white hair and a long black cape was leaning over a table, candles and jars of what looked like spices spread out before her. A thick leather tome lay open, and if I didn't know better, I'd say it was a spell book. I summon the black forces to turn back the clock And complete our revenge! A loud wind swirled through the room, and I actually felt the full force of it's chill, making me feel like ice was being injected into my long empty veins. This women, though old, was no good, and if we didn't stop her, we'd all suffer. I heard the grinding of gears, and I saw the hands of the clock go backwards, stopping at 7: 40. No, she was recreating the events of the curse! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Third Person P.O.V. The 4 other ghosts had assembled in front of the approaching elevator, all of them looking hopeful for the first time in 60 years. \"The idiot's grandson isn't an idiot,\" said Gilbert, Carolyn raising as eyebrow. \"Don't let Kiera hear you say that,\" she said, before looking around. \"Where is Kiera anyway?\" asked Dewy, a little worried that she hadn't come back yet. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. Strike them down, one and all And cats their souls into the underworld of eternal misery I wanted to stop her, silence her evil spell, but the cold held me back. This lady knew what she was doing, and the dark magic she used kept me at bay. \"Stop it!\" yelled Anna, moving toward her. \"It was you, you cast the spell!\" \"This is none of your business, child!' cried the old lady, a mean and hateful glare in her eyes. Now I don't know how this happened, but that look, that glare of spite and jealously triggered something, and I suddenly remembered the little girl in the green and brown dress from the lobby of the hotel, all those years ago. The girl who looked at Sally the same way this women was looking at me and Anna. Could it be.. Was it her? \"Don't do it Abigail, please,\" begged Anna, and that's when it hit me. Sally had told me numerous times about her sister, Abigail, but she called her Abby. Her own sister had cursed her. Cursed us. And now she was about to curse us again! The evil witch! \"It's already done. The spell is cast! And the elevator will crash, the way it was supposed to 60 years ago!\" she said, holding up a lock of hair. Sally's. I looked past her and saw a hat, Dewy's, filled with trinkets that belonged to the others. Including a necklace of mine, the pink pearl one. How she got that and why were only the tip of the anger I now felt. \"How could you! She was your sister! She loved you, and you betrayed her!\" I yelled, my anger somehow making the chill go away, and I moved toward her, the old women's eyes wide with fright. But she looked back at the lock of hair and laughed. \"I'm not going to let you do it!\" said Anna angrily, and with a final glare for both of us, we took of running. We had to stop that elevator! I wasn't going to loose Dewy, Sally or the others again. This times things would be different. Anna and I would both see to that! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. Dewy sauntered up to the group of ghosts, a smug smile on his face. \"What do you say now, smart guy?\" he smiled, Gilbert scowling but turning his attention back to the elevator. The doors were opening after 60 long years. Dewy walked proudly into the elevator, and turned around with his arms wide, ready to complete the job he never got to. \"Going up!' he announced, while looking for Kiera, wondering what was keeping her. \"Do get on with it,\" demanded Gilbert, when a loud scream caught their attention. \"DEWY! DON'T DO IT!\" OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. If I had been alive, my heart would have been pounding out of my chest. Anna was right behind me, the two of us sprinting towards the elevator. We rounded the corner just as the doors were closing. \"Stop, stop! Don't close the door!\" Anna yelled, and Sally jumped out a bewildered look on her face. Anna and I leaped in, trying to hold the doors open. \"Kiera!\" said Dewy, looking fearful at my frantic expression. Anna and I tried to keep the doors open but it was no use. I was pulled into the elevator by an unseen force, and Anna couldn't hold it by herself. \"Stop the elevator!\" Anna yelled, before she fell inside too. That's when I heard someone yell Anna's name, and mine, and I looked up, seeing Buzzy, a young dark haired women a didn't know, as well as a teenage girl and an older lady who looked about 65 or 70. The teenager I didn't recognize. But a flash of lightning lit up the room, the old lady's necklace catching the light. A gold and amethyst flower pendent, the same pendent that I had given my best friend on her 17th birthday. \"Jenny!\" She heard my voice and she saw me, the same look of terror I had seen that night in the pouring rain 50 years ago thick in her eyes. And then the doors slid shut. I heard Sally yell my name, but it didn't matter now. We were trapped. History was about to repeat itself, and poor Anna was going along for the ride. Tell me what you think, and I will update soon, and thanks to everyone who still loves this story as much as I do! ~Rainlily216 Out!~[Chapter 13] Chapter 13: This Is My Home Happy Halloween of 2015 everybody! Yes, it has been a year since I have updated, but school has literally kept me busy for the 365 days in between, causing all my stories to suffer, but you deserve this chapter, and a conclusion to this story, as indicated by many reviews stating such, and as per usual, I want to answer your wonderful reviews! 1bluesapphire: Thank you! I know I'm super late getting back to your review, but rest assured that this story will more than likely be completed by the end of this week, and definitely before the end of this year. Even if you've given up on this story, (which I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of people are) it still makes me feel so wonderful that you took the time to review! Hope this chapter, and the following one or two make up for my absence! Guest: Wow, I love the committed readers who do that (I've done it quite a bit myself) And thank you, I'm glad you consider it one of the best! Hope this chapter makes up for my long hiatus! disneyfan555: Me too! Glad you like! FullMoonPhoenixShadow: Yes it has, and I'm really sorry about that, and don't you worry, I'm committed to finishing this story. Gilbert and Kiera do have a pretty good dynamic I'm happy to say, and I'm glad you thought so too. He's such a sour puss, but deep, deep down Gilbert's heart is in the right place. I will hopefully finish this story in the next couple of days, and I hope it meets your expectations. No spelling or grammar mistakes my dear so don't worry (Never would have guessed English wasn't your first language, because you write beautifully!) This chapter (while being posted technically on Nov. 1 st ) was written for most of Halloween, as well as massive editing on the previous chapters, so hopefully it looks a lot more uniform and grammatically correct. If I missed something, feel free to comment. Now, one last thing, I own nothing relating to Tower of Terror, besides my O.C. Kiera, so no flames. So, without further ado, Chapter 13! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera'd P.O.V. The elevator rose slowly, drawing out our death sentence. Anna paced the floor, clearly shaking as the color drained form her face. \"We gotta stop it, it's gonna crash!\" said Anna, as the other ghosts were asking what was going on. Through my terror I managed to speak \"It was Abigail, Sally's sister. She cursed this elevator, to make it crash! And now Anna and I… I don't know if we're going to make it,\" I whispered, my knees feeling weak for the first time in 50 years. Dewy helped keep me upright, and stepped forward, trying to work the handle. At first it appeared he had stopped it, and we all let out relieved gasps and laughs \"I got it!\" he triumphantly exclaimed, before a grinding sound accompanied the sound of the elevator rising again. \"I don't got it,\" he groaned, and I held him tighter. If I had to die, again, I wanted to be with Dewy. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Third Person P.O.V. \"Abigail stop!\" cried Buzzy, as he, Jill, Q and Sally burst into the room, Abigail jumping in surprise. \"Why should I stop it? I've waited my whole life fore this!\" she protested, a slightly twisted look in her eye, an expression that was strange was such an old lady. \"But she's your sister,\" begged Q, knowing that if they didn't do something, Anna and possibly Kiera would be killed. \"Somebody wanna tell me what'd going on here?\" said Jill, completely baffled by the old women, but everyone else paid her no mind. Abigail, meanwhile, looked like she was about to burst into tears. \"Oh you don't understand, nobody understands. Sally was everybody's sweetheart. They all loved her. Even I loved her,\" she gasped, her voice chocked with pain and anger. \"But no one cared that Sally Shine had a big sister, no no. I couldn't sing, and I couldn't dance. But it was my birthday. And no one even knew that. All that mattered was Sally. Always Sally,\" she said, her voice almost taking on a pleading tone. \"So you got rid of her?\" said Q, shocked that someone could do that. \"No! I made her a legend! And now she is everywhere. Haunting me for 60 years. But not anymore!\" OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. The dings of the elevator continued to ping, and as we approached the 10th floor I felt a stab at hope. Maybe, just maybe Abigail's spell wasn't working, and we would make it to the 12th floor. \"We're gonna make it!\" Ms. Partridge cried, almost gleefully, just as the elevator ground to another halt, the jarring almost throwing Anna off her feet. Trapped on the 11th floor, first time for me and second time for the others. \"Here we go again!\" Dewy said dismally, and I buried my head in his shoulder, and while he held me tightly to him. The clock ticks seemed to echo throughout the elevator, each tolling bell mocking us. Gilbert held Carolyn close, and with my other hand I reached out for Ms. Partridge's hand, which she took gratefully. I was going to die, all over again, and this time, there was no telling where I'd end up. I'd seen Jenny, only to loose her again. Life, or death, or whatever it was for us, was unfair and cruel. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Jenny's P.O.V. Holding Lydia's hand tightly in mine, I moved as quickly as I could after the group, following them until they reached the hotel basement. Buzzy I believe his name was staring at a women even older then me, dressed in a black cape, who looked near hysterics. \"No! I made her a legend! And now she is everywhere. Haunting me for 60 years. But not anymore!\" she cried. I just stood there, unsure of what to do, when a little girl walked by myself and Lydia, my granddaughter jumping in surprise and clinging to me. It was Sally Shine, unchanged since her disappearance. I stood in shock as she moved past us, a confused expression on her face. \"Buzzy? Who's that?\" she asked, staring at the white haired women, who put her hands over her face, looking like she had seen a ghost, which she did. \"Oh my god,\" she whispered, her eyes glittering with tears, and an expression of deep guilt that I knew all too well. \"Do you know my sister?\" asked Sally, walking closer to her, as if trying to recognize her. \"This is deeply freaky,\" said the large man in the Hawaiian printed shirt. \"You're telling me,\" said Lydia, still looking petrified. That's when it hit me. I had heard the name Abigail being used to address the women, as Lydia and I had entered the room, and realized this was Abigail Gregory, Sally's older sister. I had heard about her, though very rarely, no doubt the effects from being a sibling to a child star having cast her into the shadows. That's when I turned to Sally, and knelt down, staring at the ghost girl. \"Sally, when I was a girl, my best friend was taken from me before I could say goodbye. I'd give anything to just say goodbye. If you could talk to Abigail, what would you tell her?\" I said, Sally looking thoughtful for a moment. \"I'd tell her I'm sorry,\" she said, and prompted her, knowing we had to get to Kiera. \"Sorry for what dear?\" I said, Sally looking very sad. \"For not getting to her birthday party,\" she said, Abigail letting out what sounded like a strangled sob. \"My birth—My birthday party?\" she gasped, Sally nodding. \"It was a surprise,\" she said, the large man letting out a short laugh of realization. \"Whoa, the party in the Tip Top club was for Abigail,\" he said, Abigail's shoulders beginning to shake, all the while repeating that she didn't know, she didn't know. Buzzy walked up next to us and knelt down to, looking at Sally. \"You loved Abigail didn't you?,\" the girl nodding instantly. \"She was my best friend. Abby didn't care that I was a star.\" \"Don't say that,\" chocked Abigail, her face almost draining of color at Sally's next words. \"I even kept her birthday present. It was supposed to mean we'd always be together. But I never got to the party, so I couldn't give it to her. I hope she doesn't hate me. \" OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. The seconds seemed to race by, and I knew if I had been alive I'd be sweating buckets. \"If we don't get out of here,\" Dewy murmured, but cut himself off, not wanting to say it. So Anna did. \"At 8:05, we're going down.\" OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Third Person P.O.V. \"A long time ago,\" Buzzy said, \"a jealous little girl made a big mistake. The truth is, that the person she tried to hurt is the one who cared about her the most,\" he said, Abigail nodding, and moving around the table to get close to Sally, the little girl staring up at her in confusion. \"Sally, It's me. Abby. I've..I've grown up,\" she said, Sally's eyes widening at the old women. \"Abby?\" she asked, the women nodding as tears ran down her cheeks. \"Yes dear I am sorry, I'm really sorry,\" she said, Buzzy running up to her, the click of the clock enhancing the panic on his face. \"Abigail, please don't let my niece die,\" he begged, Jenny getting to her feet and standing close to Buzzy. \"Please don't hurt those people, none of them need to suffer any longer,\" she said, Abigail shaking her head sadly. \"I can't stop it, it's already done!\" she wailed, the rest of the adults beginning to panic. \"There must be something you can do!\" Q cried, but it was no use, Abigail explaining how the spell had already been cast and couldn't be stopped. With that, Jenny quickly walked out of the room. \"Grandma, where are you going!\" cried Lydia, still shocked that her grandmother could move so fast. \"I'm not letting Kiera die again!\" she cried and Q hastened after her. \"The service elevator, maybe we can still get to them!\" he said, Buzzy getting a shocked look on his face as Q and Lydia, worried about her grandmother, ran out of the room. \"A spell of passion can only be countered by it's contrary!\" he declared, Jill looking even more confused. \"That's what the book says. A spell can be countered by it's contrary! Abigail, what is the contrary to the spell!\" he said in a rush, Abigail shaking her head, as she didn't know. \"Then we gotta get upstairs!\" OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. The elevator was stuck on eleven, and the walls of the elevator were un-escapable. Like the floor between 11 and 12, I couldn't phase through it. \"Maybe you guys should disappear,\" said Anna, her selflessness both touching and heartbreaking. Carolyn looked upset, but she tried to smile at Anna. \"We couldn't leave you here!\" both Ms. Partridge and Dewy chiming in their agreement. I was about to when Gilbert interrupted me. \"Besides I already tried it doesn't work,\" he said, and though I wanted to berate him, I realized there was no point. While I was terrified, I was not going to die crying. I had already done that once. I was going to face my death or whatever happened to me with dignity. And Gilbert was not going to scare Anna anymore then she already was if I had anything to say about it. \"Don't mind him Anna. Anyway, Gilbert's just scared like the rest of us. You're my friend and I promise we won't leave you.\" I looked up at the other ghosts, the people who had become my family. I had spent 50 years with them, and though the circumstances that had brought me to them were horrific, I knew I couldn't have found a better group of people. Gilbert, the older brother/annoying uncle I never had, and wouldn't have admitted I wanted at first. Emalline Partridge, the strict but loving aunt I respected. Sally, who had managed to avoid this fate, who had become like the little sister I always craved, and Carolyn, the mother figure I needed desperately over the years. And Dewy, sweet loving Dewy, who helped me grow and change and experience so much with my ghostly limitations. \"I don't know if I say this a lot, but no matter what happens, I want you guys to know how much I love you all. You became the family I never had, and gave me a home, despite the circumstances. If I had to die anywhere, I'll be forever grateful that it was with you.\" Everyone cracked a smile. I felt the tears form, and though I was close to letting them fall, I held them back, not yet finished. \"I love of you so much, even you Gilbert, and I'm sorry for all our arguments over the years. And Dewy, I love you with all my heart, and I wish I could have spent my whole life with you,\" I said, and he held me close and kissed me, more passionately then I've ever been kissed before, living or dead. We broke apart, and I made myself solid, so I could hold Anna's hand. The rest of us may have been doomed but I refused to believe that Anna would share in our fate. \"But I'm not giving up. Anna, we're going to get you out. I don't know how but we will,\" I said, feeling the walls, looking for an escape route, anything to save her. All while the clock was ticking ever closer to 8:05 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Third Person P.O.V. \"Q does it work?\" Buzzy cried, as they reached the service elevator, Jill, Abigail, Jenny and Lydia hot on their heels. \"Not only does it work, we're taking the express,\" he said, as 7 people crowded into the elevator, the doors no sooner closing before it speed off, racing towards the 12th floor at breakneck speed, almost like a roller-coaster at an amusement park, but with much less gaiety involved. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kiera's P.O.V. I pounded on the walls in frustration, nearly giving into my despair, when I heard Buzzy yelling for Anna, and at that moment lost my dislike of him. He truly cared about his niece, and that made me forgive him for all his shortcomings \"Uncle Buzzy the Doors won't open!\" she cried, pounding on them hard. \"It's T-minus two minutes and counting chief,\" Q cried and I smacked the door. \"Not helping Q!\" I cried, Buzzy saying something about there a safety hatch in the service elevator on the other side of ours, their footsteps, fading away. I heard their voices again Buzzy yelling to Anna about the escape hatch and to open it up. \"He's right!\" exclaimed Dewy, and we worked together to open the panel, which had been hidden by Carolyn's dress. With encouragement from Buzzy, Anna tried to cross the dizzyingly high open elevator shaft, right as the clock struck 8:04, the service elevator shuddering and looking ready to plummet. While Buzzy encouraged her to jump, I pressed my face against the elevator wall, knowing this might be my only time to do this. \"Jenny, are you over there? I called, and I faintly heard a voice answer me. \" Kiera!\" \"Are you all right?\" I begged her, desperately listening for her reply. \"Kiera, I'm so sorry, it's my fault you were killed, you died trying to save me and I'm so sorry!\" she sobbed, and though she may have aged, I still saw my friend, distraught over something that she never should have been. \"Jenn, listen to me. You are still my best friend. I love you and given the choice, I would do it all again. If anything happens you have to know that I never blamed you. You're more then my friend, you're my sister and to hear your voice tells me I did something right,\" I said, before turning to Dewy \"I don't regret anything, Kiera Fox. I love you,\" he said, pulling me close and kissing the top of my head. I held him close, and finally let the tears spill, not with fear but with love for him, my Dewy. \"I love you Dewy,\" I whispered, just as I heard Sally, telling her sister she forgave her. I heard I scream as Anna jumped, the elevator swaying as she leapt across the shaft and onto the service elevator. From my position, I saw her get inside, and got one last look at Jenny's terrified face, her knuckles white as she clutched her granddaughter. That's when the loudest thunderclap rolled out lightning of hitting the tower. I felt my stomach drop as the elevator plummeted, the sounds of everyone's screams and the roar of wind ringing in my ears. I clutched Dewy, and pressed my lips to his. If I was going to go, I was going to go out on my own terms, kissing the love of my life. DUN DUN DUN! What will happen now! Review and please tell me what you think! Happy Halloween, my fanfictionites! ~Rainlily216 Out!~ ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Lightning Strikes Ok, I was watching TOT the other day, and an idea came to me. What if "}]