[{"Movie":"Poet","Title":"WHITE PAPER","Author":"milleo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12978727","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sorry, it is just nothing and it is a mistake. a.k.a SPAM ","Summary":" Sorry, it is just nothing and it is a mistake. a.k.a SPAM"},{"Movie":"Poet","Title":"Sally und Emma","Author":"Baum3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12784372","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Wenn Emma denkt, dass Sally nicht da ist, dann singt sie. Sie singt laut und ein bisschen schief und erfindet manchmal neue Worte, wenn sie den Text nicht ganz versteht. Wenn Emma da ist, singt Sally. Für Emma macht sie gerne eine große Show, verstellt ihre Stimme, quietscht und brummt und schmettert. Wenn Emma geht, stellt Sally die Musik lauter und sich selbst leise. Ihre Mutter hat immer gesagt, sie jaule wie ein Hund im Regen. Wenn Emma kocht, ist das wie Tanzen. Eine Choreographie zwischen Herd, Vorratsschrank und Gewürzregal. Der Kochlöffel ist ihre Ballettstange und das Köcheln der Milch ihre Musik. Sie bewegt ihre Hüften nicht immer im Takt, aber sie hat Spaß dabei und das sieht noch schöner aus. Emma hat Sommersprossen, eine spitze Nase und leuchtende Augen. Wenn der Boden nicht permanent staubig wäre, würde sie sich viel häufiger hinlegen und den Spinnen an der Decke beim Nichtstun zugucken. Sally ist blond und blauäugig, aber nicht auf die süße, unschuldige Art. Sie hat Piratenaugen, blau und wild wie das Meer. Ihr Blick ist oft nach innen gekehrt und unruhig, wie das Meer. Wenn sie die Augen zumacht, wünscht sie sich oft ganz weit weg. Sie weiß nur noch nicht, wohin. Wenn Sally nicht da ist, fallen Emma immer hundert Dinge ein, die sie ihr erzählen will. Wenn Emma da ist, erzählt Sally ihr immer hundert Dinge. Sie spricht schnell und lebhaft und verschüttet dabei manchmal ihren Kaffee auf ihren Strumpfhosen. Aber das macht nichts, denn die sind schwarz und verschlucken Kaffeeflecken. Wenn Sally geht, hat Emma manchmal Angst, dass sie nicht wiederkommt. Sie hat Angst, dass Sally das Meer braucht, und manchmal hat sie Angst, dass Sally darin untergeht. ","Summary":" Wenn Emma denkt, dass Sally nicht da ist, dann singt sie. Sie singt laut und ein bisschen schief un"},{"Movie":"Poet","Title":"Ode to Joy","Author":"Gingin3736","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13109826","Passage":"[Chapter 1] squiggles of ink, slices of trees, bindings of leather, books. smells of - home/safety/love brings back memories and emotions: nostalgia but also pure joy ~obsessed~ impossible to stop happily addicted ","Summary":" squiggles of ink, slices of trees, bindings of leather, books. smells of - home/safety/love brings "},{"Movie":"Poet","Title":"Revelation","Author":"Gingin3736","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13109814","Passage":"[Chapter 1] inspiration is a tricky thing staring a blank canvas feels frustrating/useless capable of inducing Rage it's like you have your own discouraging wall in your mind, blocking you from creating, standing in your way then suddenly finally! you have an idea. ","Summary":" inspiration is a tricky thing staring a blank canvas feels frustrating/useless capable of inducing "},{"Movie":"Poet","Title":"This Poem","Author":"Ishmael28","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12471803","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I wanted to write you a poem But I didn't know how to begin When I thought of our times together Suddenly my pen started writing Hence, this poem. -ishmael ","Summary":" I wanted to write you a poem But I didn't know how to begin When I thought of our times together Su"},{"Movie":"Poet","Title":"Nurturing Nostalgia","Author":"Frostylicious","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10756773","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello! This is dedicated to the upcoming short animated film, Poet Anderson: The Dream Walker . :) Not a lot about it is very well known and has been kept underwraps with streaks of information here and there from Blink-182 frontman, Tom DeLonge. The short film will base around Poet Anderson, an orphan living in a futuristic Seattle, where he learns to \"control his dreams and nightmares, which in turn affect his waking world.\" I am for one excited for this concept! The character sounded so interesting that I had the crave to write about him. So here is a little drabble that I've prepared. Disclaimer: I have no intention of owning POET; it rightfully belongs to Tom DeLonge and Angels & Airwaves! Nurturing Nostalgia Poet stared at the object for quite some time. In his grasp was a mere teddy bear, torn and fragile. A button eye was missing and a wad of cotton fluff escaped underneath the right armpit. A broken smile crafted its muzzle, as if it were thanking him through silence. It was right then when a funny feeling entered itself into the dream walker's brain; almost like a sense of nostalgia. He smiled back at the stuffed animal before standing and scouting the dim area. Light had begun to appear within the dream; everything became peaceful for the most part—whole again. For Poet, this was a good sign. The torturous nightmares had crawled off somewhere and wouldn't be returning anytime soon. Good riddance. Down the corridor he walked, shoes echoing against the tile floor; in his right hand, his trusty gun and in the other, the bear. Poet looked around. He stopped short and felt a tug at his heartstrings when he passed by a handful of crayon drawings that were taped to the walls by several students. Colorful banners hung from the ceiling at each classroom, engraved in large letters that spelled out the teachers' surnames, be it homeroom or those who taught brief educational periods, say art or music class. Feeling that the anxiety was dwindling, Poet relaxed his seriousness and tucked his weapon away, leaving the bear to be his only company for the time being. He glanced down at it once more and ran a hand over its head with his long pale fingers. \"I know how you feel,\" he told the inanimate bear. He cleared his throat and grimaced. \"To be left behind. It's not very pretty.\" He shifted his gaze when a tiny cry pierced his ears. His eyes flashed once. Good. She's close. I can feel it. \"… But perhaps,\" he said, picking up the pace, \"perhaps she didn't forget about you after all. You're very lucky to have her, you know.\" When the bear did not reply, Poet frowned. \"… Wait a minute. What am I doing?\" he scoffed in disgust. \"I'm talking to a teddy bear , for goodness' sake.\" ","Summary":" Hello! This is dedicated to the upcoming short animated film, Poet Anderson: The Dream Walker . :) "},{"Movie":"Poet","Title":"Next Best","Author":"MarcusMebadd","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12862705","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My ears, soothed, Hear but the rain Beating the canvas, Smacking high leaves, Striking the earth, Dripping through the canopy. My skin all over Prickles from mist Blown through flaps On that cold wind, But warmed still From another one Sleeping close, Feeling the safety. That heart beating, Body rising, falling. Now ears open, Catch warm air From resting lungs. Almost audible pulse So close by them Tells of the peace Within those dreams. The soft aroma So sweet still. Maybe roses, tulips? Rain and pine too, Fresh on the breeze, With our own scents Nestled alongside them. Eyes almost closed See little to tell, but lack not still In importance. A single moonbeam Across my chest Showing her hand Clasped in mine, Holding yet loosely. That sense of taste Has little to do But relive pasts; The meals well shared, Goodnight kisses Recently had, Lovingly given. My heart, soul, mind, Finally at peace, Now can rest here, Knowing love is real, Feeling happiness One last time, now. With a smile worn, Hand within mine, Head in my chest, I can sleep now; Forget regrets With no more tears To burn my face. Eyes go black, Ears hear naught, Skin goes cold, Tongue dries up, All smells stop. Sleep begins. Peace within. ","Summary":" My ears, soothed, Hear but the rain Beating the canvas, Smacking high leaves, Striking the earth, D"},{"Movie":"Poet","Title":"my poems","Author":"AyaKing","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12695136","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You are perfectly content with your friendship Every thing is going great Until suddenly you learn the truth There it is again The question that I keep asking myself Every time I learn the truth The same question I ask after learning that I have been lied to Again What did I do to end up being hurt? Why do my friends keep lying to me? What did I do to learn the truth through someone else? Why don't people just tell me the truth? It hurts hearing that your friend has been lying to you. It hurts to know that they don't trust you enough to tell you the truth So I keep asking myself the same question. It's getting to the point where I don't know if I should keep trusting the people who don't trust me The ones who lie to me over and over again Each time I get close to someone my age they lie to me. Every time I trust someone new I learn the truth. The truth is that lies hurt more than the truth. Honesty is the key to any friendship. Do you want to know what the worst thing about being lied to is? The worst thing about being lied to is knowing you weren't worth the truth. So I will continue to ask myself why do my friends keep lying to me? ","Summary":" You are perfectly content with your friendship Every thing is going great Until suddenly you learn "},{"Movie":"Poet","Title":"Thought About Heartache","Author":"renaissancebrunetteassassin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12551036","Passage":"[Chapter 1] All the emotions were mixed up inside. All the questions I had were building up inside my head. Heartache is consider a small death, considering the pain that is draining our life source out. No words were coming out of my mouth. As dry as it was, I was speechless. My eyes kept staring at the floor. Didn't dare to look at him. The one I decided to treasure with my all was next to me, but the crush was just too much to level my eyes to his. There was dizziness, heartache, emptiness... Pitch black emptiness. You give your all to get nothing at all. And then nothing matter. To survive a heartache, you have to act like a phoenix. You are reborn from your ashes to thrive stronger, wiser, tougher. Live and learn. Love and give. But do not expect in return. Expectations are the cause of the small death sensation we get when we fall madly in love. Expect nothing. Give everything. Be what they will later regret abandoning. Sooner or later, they will realize their mistakes. And they will approach you again. But since you have survived the fall and got on a higher scale, it is not worth it to fall again. The human heart is not a video game. It isn't like \"Doesn't matter if I die. Yay, let's press reset\". If you have paid the price for caring too much, then the debt is gone. And you move forward. Not backwards, only forward. ","Summary":" All the emotions were mixed up inside. All the questions I had were building up inside my head. Hea"},{"Movie":"Poet","Title":"Poems","Author":"peepchanwrites","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12860374","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I wrote this has a tribute to any friend's friend that she lost to bullying and depression. The gun drops to the floor Taking you down with it A bullet rested in your brain Teardrops on their son's body Scars crusted into your skin Lies playing in your head over and over Casket with you in a suit Eyes shut waiting to be taken to heaven Cries and wails Music melodies Speeches And me Rumors stick around like shadows Questions that only make me blue School mermoials Students laughing Bullies hang their head Hiding fits of laughter While I am stuck Suspended in a endless ocean Of all your tears And mine ","Summary":" I wrote this has a tribute to any friend's friend that she lost to bullying and depression. The gun"},{"Movie":"Poet","Title":"love poem","Author":"Techboy15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12755082","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When we meet our love will fly, with you, under my wing, I will forever glide. With your kiss, all sickness will repel, along with your voice, I'm under your spell. I wish to thank you for all your love and care. I would give you hugs and kisses, just to be fair. ","Summary":" When we meet our love will fly, with you, under my wing, I will forever glide. With your kiss, all "},{"Movie":"Poet","Title":"Million Thoughts","Author":"Ishmael28","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12488588","Passage":"[Chapter 1] -Million Thoughts- Million thoughts of you invade my mind Everywhere I look it's you I find But when the darkness meets my eye Million thoughts of you embark Like the moon in the night sky -ishmael ","Summary":" -Million Thoughts- Million thoughts of you invade my mind Everywhere I look it's you I find But whe"},{"Movie":"Poet","Title":"Falling in Love","Author":"JesterandFool","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12692478","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Walking along the sea Standing next to her A smile I can barely hold back But also feeling so unsure What will she say? If I reach out and take her hand Do I really dare To share my feelings like I planned? Her hair is flowing softly Lit by only the moonlight Waves crash and grass sways But she's the only thing in sight Staring into her eyes My face must be bright red She's looking back at me Even though nothing has been said I take her hand in mine And slowly start to say \"I know I may not be perfect But I can't stop feeling this way\" She turns her face away Hiding the blush and smile She whispers back to me \"I've been waiting for a while\" Squeezing her hand I work up the courage to speak \"You are what I've always dreamed of And with you I no longer feel weak I will hold you close During hardships we face And support you always No matter what dreams you chase I'm asking for your heart And giving you mine in exchange I promise to keep yours safe No matter how life may change\" Still holding her hand Now I'm holding my breath too She smiles happily and says \"I love you too\" ","Summary":" Walking along the sea Standing next to her A smile I can barely hold back But also feeling so unsur"},{"Movie":"Poet","Title":"Our Beginning","Author":"Ishmael28","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12471806","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As the amber earth starts to paint white And the autumn leaves fade from our sight The wind blows cold as it touches our skin It's the winter again and so our tango begins -ishmael ","Summary":" As the amber earth starts to paint white And the autumn leaves fade from our sight The wind blows c"},{"Movie":"Poet","Title":"Random Weirdness","Author":"jajalanni","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13195516","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay if anyone happens to find this and read it it's just something I am testing for this thing. Also it's random crap. 5- I love my fashion 7- Hey Jimin, you nice, keep going 5- I love my passion _ Okay that turned out to be a random haiku lol[Chapter 2] Okay it worked and the testing is finished! Have a random phrase I found~ \"Never look back unless it is to look at your nice ass in the mirror.\" -Min Yoongi ","Summary":" Okay if anyone happens to find this and read it it's just something I am testing for this thing. Al"},{"Movie":"Tooth Fairy","Title":"Fairies Aren't Real","Author":"Empv","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12780589","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Derek's parents ,Alice and Victor ,were very serious back when Derek was a child.They didn't believe anything that was made up or told in a book. Even ,sometimes ,they take themselves so serious on everybody that they got on on their son Derek for believing in the...Tooth Fairy. It was a rainy stormy night, Alice and Victor were sitting in the kitchen having nice cups of tea. They could see their 5 year old son Derek saying \"Mommy,Daddy!\" Alice and Victor put their cups of tea down sadly. They were interrupted by their own son but they can't just ignore him ,that would be just wrong. Alice asked \"What is it Derek?\" Derek put his hand in his pocket and took something out it the something was a small tooth \"It's a small tooth!\" . Victor and Alice looked at each other in confusion \"So?\" asked Victor. \"So the tooth fairy will come to visit yay!\" cheered Derek . Victor and Alice looked at each other again \"Derek ,sweetie ,there is something we want to tell you.\" said Alice \"Yes what is it?\" asked Derek \"The tooth fairy isn't real.\" answered Alice \"What?..I hear that she is ! People told me she is real.\" said Derek \"Well they're lying.\" Said Victor. Derek gasped as he looked at his tooth ,he started sniffling he was crying! Alice and Victor looked at each other again they shouldn't have said that to their son his just a kid so Alice had to apologize \"Derek we're...\" before Alice could finish Derek looked at them angrily with watery tears in his eyes. \"You are lying ,you are the liars tell me that's not true!\" He shouted \"Are you calling us liars!?\" yelled Victor with a scary voice like a giant . \"Yes ,you said the tooth fairy doesn't exist!\" yelled Derek .Victor stared at Derek angrily then, without a word, Victor slapped Derek in the face! As Derek fell flat on the floor ,Victor put the tooth in his pocket . \"We had enough of hearing your behavior. Son,go to your room!\" yelled Victor .Derek walked up to his room sadly . He was still crying. His parents never believe in anything ,and never believed in the Tooth Fairy ! Does that mean he won't believe also? ","Summary":" Derek's parents ,Alice and Victor ,were very serious back when Derek was a child.They didn't believ"},{"Movie":"Tooth Fairy","Title":"Tracy x OC","Author":"Thegirlwholoves13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10698876","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Love of a Wingless Fairy In SCOP-20, Tracy was locked up in his cell. He was bored and lonely. He never a great life for 2 months. When he think many happy times with Jane (aka Rosetta), he just ignored them and not tried to cry. Now he want to be in his cell alone. He pull out the picture of Rosetta and stared at it. Then Ryan, who is doctor of the SCOP-20, came in. \"Hey, Tracy. It's medication tim- \"said Ryan as he was distracted by picture of a random fairy. He walked over to Tracy and looked at the picture. \"She is a beautiful woman, isn't she?\" asked Ryan. \"Yes, she is.\" Said Tracy with depressed voice. \"What happen to you two? Why you so sad?\" asked Ryan. \"She break my heart 2 months ago. She always treated me as her slave.\" answered Tracy. \"That was sad to heard, said Ryan as he put his arm on Tracy, \"You know what, how about we get you to stop thinking about her by getting a new girlfriend.\" Tracy pulled his arm off of him. \"Sorry, mate. But no girl want a wingless fairy like me, said Tracy as he stand up from his chair, \"Just look at me! I'm not like those fairies with wings. Some of girls laughed at me and some ignored me. There's no girl for me today.\" Ryan felt bad for Tracy. No girl wants him and getting teased a lot? That's suck. Ryan patted on Tracy's back. \"Don't worry, Tracy. I can find her for you.\" Tracy smiled at Ryan and Ryan leave the cell. In his cell alone, he think of Ryan's last words. He repeatedly played the words in his head again and again. He felt happy about it, but he is anger about her in same time. He look at the wall and think of someone else who is in his life. His children that he take away from Tooth Fairy Land. He used to make love to Jane who turned her name to Rosetta. Jane was a beautiful kind woman who understand his pain unlike his relative, but now his first female enemy. They got two daughters and one son. Their names were Tinkerbelle, Oren, and Hope. He wanted his children to know him, but he can't break a fairy rule. (The rule said if a human carries a fairy baby by a tooth fairy, they must take a child away from its parents and have new home by different types of fairies. Then the tooth fairy will get punished.) Well, Tracy was punished for this. Now he had to do is to stop thinking about Jane and just enjoy his life in his own cell. In Human Planet, Jane was crying as she look at the moon above her. She missed her children and Tracy. She can't believe she can't see Tracy again and lost her children. Then she heard the door knocking. She went downstairs and opened her door, There was a guy who wearing suit. \"Rosetta, we're here to take you to see your ex-husband in SCOP-20. Ryan told us Tracy wanted to meet you again.\" said the man who wearing suit. \"What? Tracy? He want to meet me? But why he in the SCOP-20?\" asked Jane. \"Because another night, a woman told me she saw a man in her house. When we get there, we saw him on the ground and put him in the cell.\" said the man who wearing a suit. \" Oh, no! I remember that night. I saw him taking the tooth from the boy's pillow. \" thought Jane. \"Are you okay, ma'am?\" asked the man. \"Of course, I'm fine.\" answered Jane. \"Good. Now follow me to the truck to your former lover.\" said the man. The man and Jane went in the truck. She was not sure that is a good idea. She still remember what Lily said to her. \"Never come back here or see him again. You'll get consequences if I see you with him.\" At the SCOP-20, Jane and the man was standing at the door. She saw a caution about Tracy. It said that Tracy is a human-like alien who landing in the Gordons' house. We think he is very dangerous nor quiet killer, He need to be stay indoors. Jane can't believe her eyes. They think he is some killer alien. What kind of stuff that these people think? He is a charming, smart, young man. He won't hurt anyone like that. He just doing his job as a tooth fairy. How these people act like this? Subsequently, she saw a door open by a man named Ryan. \"Rosetta, your husband is here.\" said Ryan. Jane walked inside the cell. She saw Tracy facing the wall. She heard the cell door closed behind her. It was now Jane and Tracy alone in the room. \"Hello, Tracy. How are you?\" said Jane. \"Lily told me I can't talk you anymore.\" said Tracy. \"I know but listen, said Jane as she walked toward him, \"Some guy named Ryan told me you want to talk to you, so I can get you out of here.\" \"What? Why he told you I want to see you, said Tracy as he turn around to look at Jane, \"Do you know what you did to my life? Shattered it. Just shattered into little pieces. Like you did in my heart. You know what that mean? You are never but a heartbreaker. \"What? Tracy? I never do that to you. I love you. Jane said. \"Stop saying you love me that you don't even mean it. When you said that, you always treat me like I'm your little sex slave. And we have our children that you never care about get taken away from me. I hate you!\" said Tracy as he walked away from her. \"Tracy, I never meant that. I was a fool, okay. I tried to save our children from getting adopted. I'm here to help you get out of this hellhole as you did for me. You're the one who treat me respect unlike the other people. I love you, Tracy, I really do. I'm telling the true, Tracy. I love you. So if you still hate me, I'll leave.\" said Jane as she turned to the door. She felt a tear coming down on her cheek. As she get to the door, she felt a hand on her shoulder. She turn around and saw Tracy look down at her. \"Tra-\" Tracy silence her with a wet French kiss. Jane was surprised till she closed her eyes with pleasure. She put her hands on his hip and on his blonde hair. Then, Tracy break off the kiss. \"I love you, but I can't be with you. Just get me out of here. Okay?\" said Tracy. Jane nodded yes. The sound of the cell door open as it bring light in the room. Tracy and Jane saw two men at the door. \"Okay, ma'am. Your time is up. We don't want you to get to know everything about this killer alien.\" said one of the men. Jane glazed at Tracy for his answer. He gave her a huge smile and tilted his head to the door. She smiled at him and headed to the two men. Don't worry, Tracy. I can fix this. ","Summary":" The Love of a Wingless Fairy In SCOP-20, Tracy was locked up in his cell. He was bored and lonely. "},{"Movie":"Tooth Fairy","Title":"Fairy Berry","Author":"Pickm","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10618999","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Derek went to the kid's house, He was fat it wasn't gonna be easy... After, Placing the dollar he ran outside The other fat guys (Tracy and Ziggy) Congratulated him, They said how well he did with defeating the dream crusher So, They drank some beers and hanged out on the stoop But, When they asked \"How are we gonna lose this weight?\" Derek stopped \"Let's go to the fairy gym!\" Replied Derek, Meanwhile someone was watching them The Derek robot was watching them from a tree, He said: \"I'm gonna fatten them... Or... I'm gonna find this fairy world...\" \"First, I'm gonna stop them from doing my crimes...\" Said the robot clone, He jumped down from the tree He lunged at Derek, The robot held Derek down and got his feeding tube \"It's the same feeding boys, This time it's blue berries...\" The robot said, He stuck the tube into Derek's mouth The robot revealed 2 more tubes, He dragged the two down and stuffed tubes in their mouths They began to bloat like no tomorrow, They began to gain 60 pounds Then 90 Their butts grew bigger, Their bellies were holding them down They were now 100 pounds, Their butts were 900 in size \"BURRRPPP\" came from the obese trio, They couldn't move They were too fat, Their fat was holding them down The robot disappeared, He left a note: \"Dear fatties, I'm going to fairy world (Your job) and i'm going to fatten your friends, Don't try to stop me- Robot Derek\" They were scared, Their skin started to turn blue \"The berries!\" Said Derek, \"Their multiplying!\" -INSIDE DEREK'S STOMACH- The berries were morphing into more berries, They were going where the boobs, Butt, and belly were -OUT- Derek and the gang began growing fatter, Until the berries stopped... The berry trio sat, They tried to move... No use... The father saw the trio, He called the cops They arrested them, Not all them just Derek The robot made a quick stop to Derek's girlfriend's house, Carly's house... -TO BE CONTINUED- ","Summary":" Derek went to the kid's house, He was fat it wasn't gonna be easy... After, Placing the dollar he r"},{"Movie":"Tooth Fairy","Title":"Wings","Author":"Carodacat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7295928","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tracy walked quickly into Lily's office. He had been waiting to be called in for days. Finally he had his first assignment. Lily stood up and shook Tracy's hand. \"Well Tracy, I have to talk to you,\" she said, sighing. Tracy paused, confused. \"Is it about my assignment? I've been waiting for days, I thought that the kids must have been gluing them in their mouths, I really want to-\" \"Tracy!\" Lily snapped. \"You know that you can't really collect any teeth, right?\" Tracy stared at her. \"W-what do you mean?\" he asked. Lily sighed. \"You are a wingless fairy. You can't collect any teeth, you'll kill yourself.\" Tracy glared at her. \"But you gave me my wings!\" he said, pointing at the badge. Lily shrugged and stared at the floor. \"I'm sorry, Tracy. But we can't send out incompetent tooth fairies at the moment, what with all the cuts.\" Tracy narrowed his eyes. Nobody had ever cared about what he wanted to do. He was always second-best, shoved to the side. Derek had been sympathetic, but it was all for nothing. \" I'll give you cuts, \" Tracy growled. Lily looked up, confused. Her eyes widened as the tall man stalked toward her, knife in hand. Tracy threw out his arm, and scarlet blood spattered the floor. Lily sank to her knees, blood gushing from her throat. Her scared eyes bulged, before rolling and closing. Tracy stared down at his dead boss. He licked the blood off of the knife, smiling at the taste of importance and power. Once Lily's arm stopped twitching, Tracy leaned down, and quickly, quietly, sliced the golden wings off of her back. His hands shaking slightly, he drew out his all-purpose magic generator, and pressed the button. Instantly, the blood slid off if the wings and faded. Kicking Lily into the shadows, the lanky, bloodthirsty fairy picked up his golden prize and stalked out of the room. He had his wings. ","Summary":" Tracy walked quickly into Lily's office. He had been waiting to be called in for days. Finally he h"},{"Movie":"Tooth Fairy","Title":"A Special Case","Author":"wafflestories","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7769575","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tracy stands quite still, letting the human world wash over him, a slick of fleurocarbons and poisoned air. He's fairly used to it, and in a little while he'll adjust, but the first minute is always unpleasant, a struggle to hang on to lunch. He has a summons burning a hole in his pocket, and this one is interesting. His instructions were specific- the dream-killer cannot be informed of his sentence by any means other than a face-to-face summons. This is not how Fairy does things, these days, but even Fairy has to make allowances for a human like this - even a dream-killer. For some reason the Powers that Be have even chosen to forgo the old summons-under-the-pillow trick that usually works so well to get the old belief pumping. And the case itself- He has Crossed to a convenient place in the human world- a harsh-lit, anonymous stairwell inside the case's apartment building. The mingling blur of some two hundred humans' perception of home has allowed him this far, although it needles faintly at him, like a pebble in the shoe. Boundaries are important- invites, too. Tracy, that needs-must veteran of stairs, climbs quickly to the tenth floor, pausing to grin approvingly at some graffiti that states, with great conviction and awful spelling, that DI LUVS CHEZ. It's one of the most basic magics there is- write something down, make it more true- and it makes him feel more at ease. And he needs it, because as he walks down the tenth-floor hallway, past numbered doors studded with glassy spyholes, another feeling is growing stronger. There is a smell of bad belief in this place, soured expectations, dreams well past their sell-by. As he stops in front of 1013, Tracy's thumbs start to prickle a bone-deep warning. He swallows. He no longer feels interested in this case, never mind how special as it is. He feels, truth be told, more than a bit sick. Get a hold on yourself, Tracy. You've had a grim week, and you're running on empty- the sooner you get this over with, the sooner you can get back home. The thought of going home, of Crossing back to the cleansing magic-rich air of his own world, perks Tracy up to a remarkable degree. The queasy feeling recedes, and he lifts one of his prickly elongated thumbs and presses it so hard against the bell that the first joint bends at a bloodless near-right-angle. It buzzes somewhere inside, flat and guttural like an angry mechanical wasp. There's a long silence. Tracy waits, a good step back, head cocked slightly to one side to ensure that the first thing the human sees is not an eyeless disembodied grin- this, he's learned, never helps. After a while, he presses the doorbell again. He has to press it a third time before there's any response. Bolts slide, chains clatter, and the door half-opens. Tracy's smile widens. \"Uh, Mr. Blake? Mr. Martin Blake?\" \"Yes,\" says Martin Blake, looking up at Tracy. He has a lined, tired face and a mop of wavy hair like a cartoon pianist, turning grey and wiry. \"Who're you?\" As if by magic, the stiff shiny laminate appears between Tracy's fingers. It's not magic- he's quick with his hands, always has been, and he never wastes magic on showmanship if he can avoid it- but the summons speaks for itself, big and ostentatious and glowing a faint, charged blue in the long shadow he casts across the doorway. As always, glamour is what Fairy does best. \"I'm required to serve you with this. Just a formality- can I come in?\" \"May,\" says Blake. \"Sorry?\" \"May. 'May I come in.' Not 'can.' You're asking permission, not questioning your ability to perform the action.\" \"Right, sorry, may. May I come in?\" \"No,\" says Blake, and shuts the door in his face. Tracy's patient caseworker's grin stays put, but the rest of his face sort of sets around it. He leans over and presses the doorbell for a fourth time. \"I mean, I don't want to seem rude or anything,\" says Blake, opening the door, as if there has been no interruption in their conversation whatsoever, \"It's just that if I'm going to be harassed, I'd rather it was grammatical.\" \"Does… that mean I can come in?\" \"Try to sense the pattern emerging here,\" says Blake, and slams the door again. This time however, it doesn't shut, because Tracy's foot is in it. \"Right, that hurt,\" says Tracy, summoning his voice from the upper register it has temporarily fled to, \"and I'm teetering on the verge of losing my patience. Not a good start, you don't want me to lose my patience, and I'm not just saying that.\" \"No, you're right, I bet it's terrifying,\" says Blake, deadpan. He looks at Tracy and the summons with- Tracy is quite sure- the single dullest, least impressed expression anyone has ever used to regard a supernatural being standing on their doorstep holding a magical contract. \"I'm in the middle of something,\" he says, \"but whatever. Come in.\" Martin Blake's flat is spacious, modern- but curiously blank. With the exception of a low-lit lamp by a leather recliner, most of the light comes from the fading, rain-streaked day outside. Whatever he's in the middle of, it evidently doesn't require much of a party atmosphere- or even company. There's no sense of blurring in here- this is one human's space, and theirs alone. The sickly feeling Tracy sensed out in the hallway, that putrid sense of disbelief, intensifies once he crosses the threshold. If he hadn't been invited, he's pretty sure that it would be downright unbearable by now. Tracy wanders over to the bookshelf. Thin paperback spines crowd one long row, striped with bright streaks of primary colours- energised, eye-grabbing, completely out of place in the dull room. The shelf directly above is lined with awards- a gold coin in a plush case, an engraved plaque, a heavy wood-and-metal trophy in the shape of a growing tree. \"Martin Blake,\" he says, with a touch of reverence. \" The Martin Blake. You know, we were all surprised when your name came up. Last person I'd expect.\" Blake makes a noncommital noise and sits down heavily in the armchair. There's an empty tumbler, dark amber at the very bottom, on the glass-topped table by his hand, and the woodsy, mellow scent of very good whiskey hangs cloying in the air. \"Big fan, if you don't mind me saying,\" continues Tracy. He picks one of the brightly-coloured books at random, teases it from the shelf. \"Great stuff. Read 'em all.\" \"They're for children,\" says Blake, staring murkily at him. Tracy stops flipping through the book and looks up over his glasses, eyebrows raised, patently puzzled. \"So?\" Blake shrugs. \"Martin Blake,\" says Tracy, again, to the book in his hand. He ambles towards the window, turning pages as if lost in the narrative. \"Author of twenty-seven best-selling books for the under-tens, thirteen young adult novels, and one seminal pre-school primer entitled Careless Fox and the Mysterious Box. Best-known, obviously, for the former- the multiple Carnegie Award-winning Harriet Skull series- set, of course, in your own highly imaginative spin on Fairyland. Recognised worldswide as possibly the best children's book author alive today. Which is why you could forgive us for thinking you were on the side of the angels- well, alright, fairies, not exactly angels, roughly the same physiology but generally speaking a higher sense of entitlement.\" He shuts the book with a snap, looks up. In the watery, full-length glass he can see a ghostly reflection of most of the room, including his case, who is in the process of pouring himself another generous drink. \"So we're all pretty baffled, Mr. Blake, as to why it was that today, at precisely ten-forty-two AM GMT, you thought it necessary to announce- in front of a crowd of sixty-three small children and their parents- that the entire premise of Harriet Skull was, I quote, 'bollocks,' and nobody with half a brain in their head should believe a word of it. Just a little confused as to your motivations, there.\" Blake swirls his glass, drinks half of the contents in a rough, gritted-teeth gulp. \"Never had a bad day?\" \"Ohoh , I'm having one,\" grins Tracy, too brightly. He turns. \"It started around about the time you rocked up in Waterstones South Swindon and told an entire room full of little kids that dreams never get you anywhere and, altogether now, that there are no such things as fairies. You can say it, by the way, I'm not going to drop dead- although repeated exposure could give me a nasty stomach ulcer, so I'd appreciate it if you don't say it all that often.\" Carefully, Blake puts down his drink. It seems to take him a deal of concentration, glass meeting glass at a clumsy angle, ka-klack . \"You're not from my publisher, are you?\" \"Do I look like I'm from your publisher?\" \"No,\" admits Blake, after a deliberating glance. \"You look like an accountant that really pissed off his tailor.\" \"See, that's original, that's original, because people usually go for one of two things, and you didn't pick either of 'em.\" Blake smiles, and for a moment Tracy sees how it might once have been a charming, warming smile. It gives him a sad, icy shiver, a faint flicker of instinctive dread. In his experience dream-killers are usually arrogant, angry, alive, aggressive preachers of their own bad faith, but- his spectacular explosion this morning aside- Blake just seems weary. Burned-out. Used-up. Sucked dry, is the phrase that suddenly occurs to Tracy. It's in his flat shut-off eyes, his face, his body language, the way he sits in the chair- as if he's just an extra throw-rug that happens to have been chucked there, sinking into the folds. \"Originality was my job.\" \"Is your job,\" says Tracy, flourishing Harriet Skull #17 at him like a tract. \"And let me tell you, after this little stunt, the next one better be a cracker.\" Blake drops his head and reaches for his glass again. He manages to pick it up on the second go. \"There's not going to be a next one.\" Tracy's eyes bug, outraged. \"What? You can't stop now! Certainly not after the end of number twenty-seven, a cliffhanger like that, we're all waiting on tenterhooks here to see how you're gonna get 'em out! You can't just go, ooh, sorry, no, that's it, everyone out of the pool, I give up!\" \"Why not?\" \"Because- you can't just leave Harriet and her mates embroiled in a hopeless situation, alright, I mean, what's that going to do to all the little kids sitting round with bated breath waiting for the next one to come out? Or all those weirdos who queue up on release night to get their hands on it the second it hits the shelves? They'll be devastated!\" Blake blinks slowly at him. \"Wait... if you're not from my publisher... who are you, again?\" Tracy sits on an impulse to roll his eyes. \"I'm Tracy,\" he says. \"I'm your caseworker. You've been indicted for reckless dissemination of disbelief- technically, they could have you for sixty-three counts of first-degree murder of fantasy, but under the circumstances-\" He stops, because Blake doesn't seem to be listening. He's examining his now-empty glass, blinking at it with muddy eyes as if half-expecting to find some fundamental truth lurking at the bottom. Tracy wonders if he started drinking before the Waterstones incident, or if he hit the sauce after the fact and has been working hard to make up for lost time. \"Mr. Blake? Hello? Yeah- you might want to pay attention to this bit, it is fairly important. I can help you make this as painless as possible, but you have to play by the Rules. As I was saying, Fairy is prepared to be lenient-\" \"Fairy,\" mumbles Blake. He's still staring into his glass. \"'Fairy' has impressive reaction time, I'll give it that.\" Tracy rocks slightly on his heels, fiddling with the bottom of his waistcoat, smoothing down the neat trim. \"Ah, well, we work quickly. Got a lot of catchment systems in place, something of the magnitude of what you did this morning, pings up right away. Red alert, alarms, the works, and then before you can say Robin Goodfellow, thump, it lands on my desk and I have to come over here and sort you out.\" Blake half-laughs, then sniffs, knuckling his sternum absently with the back of his fist. \"Lord, what fools these mortals be. That one was always my favourite, you know. Always dreamed of writing for the stage.\" He shakes his head. \"Funny, right? Hilarious. Set out to give Shakespeare a run for his money, ended up churning out cut-price fairytales for a bunch of snotty little kids.\" \"Shakespeare fan?\" asks Tracy, trying a new tack. He usually tries to keep an open mind and not think too badly of cases right off the bat, never mind what they've done, but this is different. The impersonal disappointment he felt when he first heard about the Waterstones incident this morning is fading beneath a couple of new realisations. One, that he is genuinely starting to like Martin Blake- or, at least, the person Martin Blake could be, divorced from his strange deadened sadness- and two, that his celebrity case's problem might run just a little bit deeper than throwing a spur-of-the-moment wobbly in a crowded bookstore. His grin stretches wider- knowing, conspiritorial. \"Bit of a tale behind that one, actually. We really did have a Queen back then- a proper one- and her and old William... haha, well, there's a story you couldn't put in a kid's book, that's for sure. Pretty racy stuff.\" He looks down at the book in his hand. \"And don't put yourself down. Anyone can write for children, but you- no, you have a gift. Kids read what you write, and they believe. Bottom line, Martin- we need people like you on our side- now more than ever. People like you,\" and he emphasises each word with a earnest, pointing finger, \"are pretty much the only reason Fairy still has a fighting chance.\" \"You're very persuasive,\" says Blake. \"I'm touched, really. One tiny problem- you're not a fairy.\" \"Ha, well, see, that's where you're wrong, 'cause I am.\" \"You don't have wings.\" \"No. Well-observed.\" \"Or a wand.\" \"Not standard equipment for caseworkers.\" \"And fairies don't exist.\" \"Ouch- actually think I felt that one. Sort of gets you here- this area, here, right below the solar plexus.\" Blake snorts, walks his fingers towards the half-empty bottle standing by the leg of his chair. \"Look,\" says Tracy, reasonably, \"never mind all that. You've got nothing to worry about- you've just got to work with me a bit here. Let me help you, to help yourself. Like I said, they're willing to be lenient- just think of it as time off for services rendered. Weigh it all up, and what you did today is minor, really, a minor slip-up compared to the good stuff- call it first-offence D.O.D- dreamslaughter, maximum. If we play our cards right, all you'll have to do is a little thaumic reparation- sow a couple of toadstool rings, grant an easy wish or two, it'll be over before you know it. I'd go for the rings, if I were you- packet of spores and a trowel, find a nice park, half an hour on the outside and that's it, done. Point is, all you've really got to do is show 'em you believe, and that should be child's play, a human like you-\" \"A human like me,\" says Blake, and then he starts laughing. It's not a good sound. Tracy's shoulderblades crawl and his thumbs- fairly quiet up until this point- give a barrage of sudden vicious twinges, as if someone is stabbing none-too-kindly at them both with a blunt knitting needle. It's all he can do not to flinch. \"Alright, I'll play.\" Blake fills his glass again, leaving the bottle half a finger from empty. He's moving slower, now, his hand slipping on the heavy crystal tumbler as if friction and gravity are both working unfairly against him. Whiskey splashes across the tabletop. \"One more fairytale, just for old times' sake. So you're some kind of magical being, just like in my stories...\" \"Well, yeah, fairy caseworker, actually, not exactly like in your stories, but close enough for jazz, got the whole 'magical being' thing down in any case, yes- um, Martin- not trying to change the subject, but... don't you think maybe you've had enough?\" \"Yes,\" says Blake. \"Oh, yes. I have had enough. That's the whole point, Mr. Fairy Caseworker-\" \"Please, just call me Tracy-\" \"-I've had enough. I've had enough of telling a load of rubbish to kids to keep them happy, I've had enough of coughing up a new book every eight months to keep my agent off my back, I've had enough of sitting in bookshops signing thirty lumps of dead tree a minute and wondering what happened to my life.\" He sniffs again. \"I mean, why shouldn't I tell kids the truth? I've been lying to them for twenty years, don't I owe them a little honesty?\" \"It's not the truth, though, is it?\" says Tracy, who is getting annoyed- and progressively more worried. It's not Blake himself, it's the feeling he projects, a bone-deep paralysing faithlessness that he can't seem to penetrate. He's good, good at his job, good with people- he always finds a way in, even with the most difficult cases- but this time he can tell that he's not getting through. It's as if Blake is somehow shieldedby his own misery, wrapped in it like some kind of primitive, double-edged ward. The lively wit and humour that shines from his books has turned in on itself, warped into a black, sawtoothed cynicism that lets nothing in or out. \"Just to re-iterate, me? Fairy? In your flat, reminding you of your responsibilities? Glow-in-the-dark bit of paper? Is none of this uncanny enough for you, or do I have to put a girdle round the flipping earth?\" \"It'd be a start.\" Blake drains his drink, inhales the fumes, props the empty glass on his stomach. His other hand hunts clumsily through his hair, performs that funny knuckling action again, grinding against his sternum. \"I mean, I know what I am, I know how much it's all worth. To adults, I'm some kind of guilty pleasure, something to read on the train- kids, they'll grow up and forget they ever read my books.\" \"That's not true,\" says Tracy, quietly. \"You know, I used to write to make a world that wasn't anything like the real one. Where things were fair at least half the time. I used to think if I wrote it all down, if I got through to enough people, I might even make it true.\" He snorts. \"Twenty years- nothing. If I was so important, you could have given me a little proof.\" \"Oh, come on,\" says Tracy. \"Oldest argument in the book. We can't just go around proving things, that totally defeats the point, doesn't it? I mean, how much is belief worth, if you have to buy it?\" \"No idea.\" Blake looks up. His dead, dilated gaze nails Tracy to the spot. \"How much is it worth when you can't give it away?\" \"Um-\" \"My kid's nearly seven now. I hardly see her. When I do, she calls me Martin.\" He laughs again. \"My daughter. You lot didn't feel like helping out on that one, I suppose? Since I'm so vital to you?\" \"That's not how it works. There's Rules- we're not supposed to interfere-\" \"You're interfering now.\" Blake is still looking at him, his stare both chillingly apathetic and far, far too lucid. Tracy finds himself fighting the instinct to back away. Humans usually spend the greater part of their adult lives walking around in a protective blanket of half-truths, and this can sometimes be frustrating as all hellto deal with- but stripping it away from them is neither kind or safe, for anyone concerned- Hang on. Thinking fast, Tracy gives in to the urge to put some distance between Blake and himself. He moves casually, almost sauntering, keeping his smug, knowing smirk intact. His hand brushes across the tabletop as he passes with a picky sort of nonchalance, as if checking for dust. \"Oh, you think this is interfering- give me a chance, I only just got here. I've been told it's my speciality, actually, interfering, sticking my nose in where it's not wanted... Speaking of, this is a lovelyplace you have here, by the way, lovely, very spacious, I bet on a clear day this window here just lights right up-\" It's all but dark outside, and the big window has become an inky, floor-length mirror, speckled with a bright neon blanket of flecks from the buildings across the street. With his thumb, now wet with very expensive single-malt Scotch whiskey, Tracy draws a single sweeping symbol across the glass. It's a crude sort of magic- blood would have been better, but alcohol, that age-old friend of heightened senses and unorthodox sights, does the job well enough. The symbol starts to glow, burning with a distilled amber light. The reflection of the room, of Blake and Tracy, shivers, the edges of objects blurring and shifting as the mirror spell explores their true shape. A moment passes- then the glow fades and everything is back to normal. Almost everything. Pressed against the mirror-Blake's chest, curled there like a hideous parody of a comfort-seeking child as he sits slumped in the chair, something grey and amorphous and terrible boils slowly in place like dry-ice smoke. Tracy stiffens, eyes stretching panic-wide behind his glasses. \"Oh, you are joking-\" Blake looks hazily past him, sees the thing on his chest in the charmed reflection, and screams. The sound bursts from him, revulsion and terror, and he throws himself clear of the chair, sending his glass shattering to the floor. The thing in the window-mirror, sluggish and swollen, snakes after him, oozing over the arm of the chair in heavy wisps, tendrils reaching out for his chest. Blake hardly seems to be breathing, barely-verbalised horror tumbling from his mouth in a blurry, fractured stream. \"Oh jesus oh god what's that, what's that, oh Mary mother of god WHAT THE HELL IS IT?\" The feat of keeping his eyes on the mirror while warding off the invisible thing that appears to be coming straight for him would probably be beyond Martin Blake if he was sober- as it is, he barely lasts three steps. He stumbles on the rug, loses his balance, sprawls backwards on the floor. The thing spreads out complacently in the air above him, keeping shape like a lazy, matted blanket of fog, and begins to settle towards his face. Tracy grabs his shoulders. He's no great weight-lifter- and Martin is heavy, as hard to budge as a petrified tree- but with a tremendous panicked yank he somehow manages to get him up and moving. In the mirror, the thing is eddied into grey shreds by the rush of Martin's body, reforming as it turns after them, darkening ominously- but Tracy doesn't stop, hauling the human's deadweight after him into a clear part of the room, never taking his eyes off the mirrored glass. \"It's an antifidian parasite!\" \"It's a what?\" \"It's a bloody faith-leech, that's what it is! And, and, here's an interesting little fact for you, concerning faith-leeches- they're supposed to be flipping extinct! Oh, god mothers, the paperwork alone, it is going to be dire-\" Martin is staring at the window. Under Tracy's hand, his shoulder is shaking and clammy through his shirt, pulse hammering in his neck. \"It's coming-\" Tracy pulls him away, out of the path of the parasite's slow, ominous advance. \"Alright, it's alright, we're fine, they're not too dangerous unless they absorb enough faith to physically manifest, and that never happens, which is lucky 'cause if it did-\" The parasite doesn't make a noise- if anything, it makes the absence of one, a great ear-hurting lack of a sound, belting through the air like a vacuum suddenly released. They both turn just in time to see the thunder-black pool of fog boil into existence at the centre of the room, folding in on itself and rearing back like a furious cobra. Formless suckerlike tendrils bunch and spasm outwards, spiking in a silent Mexican wave, powerful, pointed, and very clearly angry. \"-we'd be in serious trouble,\" says Tracy, slowly. \"Right...\" Martin points a shaking finger. He's paper-pale. \"It-it was on me-\" \"Course it was! Someone like you, all that imagination, all that belief to spare, you're a dream come true for a faith-leech! Yum, free-range writer!\" Tracy is trying to think, trying to remember everything he's ever learned about things- things- like this. They're old. They're nasty- humans, unlike fairies, don't need faith on a basic physical level, but they don't last long without it, either. If it isn't dealt with, a faith-leech will usually kill its host- and leave spectacular collateral damage in all directions, because dream-killers beget dream-killers, and nobody is better at poisoning faith than someone who has absolutely none left themselves. That's why faith-leeches died out- supposedly died out, he reminds himself, because this one still looks pretty bloody lively- because humanity as a whole no longer had enough faith to spare, and faith-leeches aren't bright enough to limit the damage they do. Once latched onto a human, draining their belief,they will eventually take it all. He hates to think how long this one must have been feeding, killing Martin's faith inch by thirsty inch, completely unnoticed until its host's behaviour happened to catch Fairy's disapproving eye- \"See, this is not my department, definitely not under my purview, this sort of thing- oh god duck-\" The faith-leech barrels forwards. Tracy throws himself flat, dragging Martin down with him. They land heavily behind a rather nice leather sofa, and the faith-leech strikes the wall and splashes, foaming outwards across the flat surface. \"This isn't real,\" gasps Martin, into the floor. He sounds like a man who has just managed to cram five hours worth of sobering up into just under five seconds. \"It can't be real.\" \"Oh, brilliant, brilliant, glad that's sorted- do you want to tell it that, or shall I?\" \"What did you do? The window-\" \"Simple mirror spell, not much to it- well, for a fairy-\" \"But you don't look anything like a fairy!\" Martin wails. Tracy, who has been peering nervously over the top of the sofa, trying to ascertain the dream-leech's whereabouts, stops, and looks down at him. Thanks for that, that really helps, he wants to say. Tell you what, if you could just sort of shelve your ableist preconceptions for the moment and focus on the thing that's trying to kill us in the most hideous manner imaginable, that'd be lovely. Alright? What he actually says is, \"Disguise. A glamour, basically, standard procedure, dealing with mortals, because- because, if you'd seen what I really looked like, ha, you would have absolutely wet yourself the moment you opened the door. Oh, yes, very, extremely eldritch and impressive, believe me. But we don't want it to know that, do we? Lull it into a false sense of security, that's the plan here.\" \"Oh,\" says Martin, and all of a sudden Tracy feels very slightly less sick, because- despite the dazed, dreaming tone- Martin believes. Believes in a flat-out lie, yes, admittedly, but it's a start. The faith-leech is circling the ceiling, moving in a tight, concentrated swirling pattern, prowling like a big cat about to pounce. It wants back on its host, and it wants this maddening interloper out of the way, and it's not about to give up either objective without a fight. Tracy watches it, warily. After a moment, Martin recovers himself sufficiently to kneel up and join him. \"Can you... can we kill it?\" Tracy manages a wry smirk. At least Martin is reasonably quick on the uptake. Functioning, upright, lucid- well, just about, anyway- he's doing better than a lot of humans would in his situation. Ironically, this is probably a symptom of the dream-leech in itself- denial takes belief, if only in a comforting scenario of your own making, and Martin just doesn't have enough left even for that. \"Tricky. You can't hurt it with ordinary objects, I'm afraid- not going to be able to just hop up and clock it with a chair.\" Martin stares at the faith-leech with horrified eyes. \"Oddly enough, the thought hadn't occurred.\" \"Where does that door go? Big one just there?\" \"Uh, the kitchen-\" \"Right, well, on three, we're going to make a run for it. One...\" Tracy skids into the pitch-black room, decides as the door slams behind him that he doesn't have time to faff about hunting for the light-switch, and forks a quick cantrip at the high halogen spots. They blink and spark and snap on, leaving him and Martin blinking in the sudden glare of a kitchen that looks as if it was installed yesterday by a company that usually specialises in designing government labs. Steel glows. Tiles shine. Tracy whistles. \"Wow. This must have cost a couple of quid, who set all this up?\" \"I'll give you their website,\" says Martin. He's leaning heavily against something which is either a fridge or a cryogenic storage unit, his forehead pressed against the cool steel. \"If fairies use the Internet.\" Tracy opens a couple of cupboards. \"There has got to be something useful in here. Got any herbs, or-\" Something hits the kitchen door with an almighty thump, rattling it in its frame. A pause, and then a thin, ominous grey mist starts to seep around the edges, trickling through the narrow gap and beginning to pool on the spotless floor. Tracy backs up until he hits the oven. \"In your own time!\" Martin snatches at a drawer. \"Uh- uh- oregano?\" \"Oregano? Right, of course, because it's well-known for its mystical qualities, isn't it, oregano? You call yourself a Shakespeare buff, you ever heard the three witches going 'eye of newt, toe of frog, sprinkling of oregano?' \"How was I supposed to know?\" Tracy lunges for a puffy-padded oven-glove hanging from a hook, pulls it on. \"Oh, sorry, you've only written twenty-seven books exclusively about fairies, obviously silly of me to expect you to have done any research whatsoever! Just use your head! Salt- do you have any salt?\" Martin grabs a steel shaker from the counter and tosses it. He's wide, but Tracy fields it with one long arm, pops the cap, and pours a generous measure into his protected palm. \"Here we go-\" The last vestiges of the faith-leech drain from the edges of the door, and in the space of a second the dark rolling puddle pulls itself together and rises up, building into a bulging thunderhead that turns hungrily towards Martin like a blind shark seeking lunch. Just as it bunches up to strike, Tracy steps in front of him and hurls the handful of salt hard, sending a slash of bright powder hissing crosswise into its churning bulk. The faith-leech recoils, screeching, another silent, terrible sound, a fistful of nails dragged down a chalkboard at the heart of a black hole. Across the kitchen, glass-fronted cabinets explode into shrapnel, sending debris showering across the counter. Tracy winces and shields his glasses with the oven glove. Foul vapour rises from the faith-leech's bubbling cloudy mass, suckery tendrils thrashing in all directions as it writhes in agony. \"Get the door!\" Martin's there, elbowing the handle, piling helter-skelter out into the main room with Tracy just behind him. The air reeks of spilled whiskey and the burnt-sugar-electric tang of magic. Tracy shucks off the oven glove, looking around wildly. \"That's never going to hold it long, we're only making it angry! We've got to find something strong enough to-\" He never finishes his sentence, because at that moment the faith-leech slams out of the kitchen and hurls after them in a splaying, spasming streak. It smashes into Tracy with bruising force, knocking him off his feet. He hits the hardwood floor beneath the bookshelves shoulders-first, the dream-leech piling ravenously into his thin chest like acid candyfloss, burrowing intangible tendrils through his shirt, through skin, flesh, bone. Somewhere, he can hear Martin yelling, but it's incredibly far off, and he feels- -heavy, paralysed, helpless . He's way out of his depth, he's drowning, he could die out here in the human world and nobody would care, because he's expendable, of course he's expendable. They sent him out here all alone without so much as a wand to protect himself with, hoping he'd have an accident, hoping something like this would happen so that some other more able fairy can take his place, because no matter how hard he works or how much he believes he'll always be second-best in their eyes. None of them have any faith in him, the crippled liability that he is, impaired, incomplete. Why should they? He's dimly aware that he should be trying to fight, that something's wrong- but it's all around him now, crushing into his chest, and the worst part is that this feeling isn't strange, it isn't alien to him at all. This is how he always feels, in some small briskly-fenced-in place in his head, whenever he senses their stares on him, their pitying glances, their careful whispers behind his empty back. It's an old friend, a part of him- this choking, killing despair- and he can't believe he was stupid enough to ever believe- SCRUNNNCH. It's a horrible, wet sound- very close and shockingly loud. It's thick and explosive and rushing, and the world comes rushing back with it, as if he was underwater and someone has just cannonballed in directly over his head, parting the sea. Tracy gasps once, hugely, and twists away, curling up, wheezing into the floor. After a moment, he lifts his head, which still feels far too heavy. His chest feels cold and punctured- violated- his ears are ringing, and his back is soaked with sweat under his perfect dove-grey shirt, but he's still sharp enough to take in the scene in front of him, and understand it. Martin is backing off, hands out, white as a sheet. The faith-leech, dislodged from Tracy's chest, is sliding slowly across the floor towards him. It appears oddly flattened, lumpy, dragging along like an animal that's taken a glancing blow from a speeding car. It seems to have solidified, or at least half-liquefied, sagging under its own bloated weight, leaving a scummy oil-slick trail in its wake. The object that did this unbelievable damage is still lying where it slipped from Martin's nerveless fingers. It's one of his awards- the big, heavy one, shaped like a growing tree. Trying not to think too hard about what he is about to do, Tracy scrambles across the floor towards it. Senses and balance still shot to hell, feet slipping drunkenly on the polished wood, he bears a striking resemblance to a swatted daddy-long-legs trying to take off. The wounded faith-leech senses movement behind it and starts to turn on him, but before it can, Tracy grabs the award. One-handed, glasses askew, teeth bared in a manic grimace, he swings it above his head and slams it down, hard- once, twice. Goo splashes across the floor in thick gouts, and he makes a disgusted, agonised noise and staggers to his feet. He chucks the award hard across the space between himself and Martin, who catches it to his chest, his bewildered, appalled eyes nailed to the thrashing thing on the floor. \"It's got to be you, Martin, it's yours!\" \"But-\" Tracy, one hand clamped under his arm and eyes squeezed tight-shut, says something that, roughly translated, vents his opinions about parasites, humans, fairies, bureaucracy, and several other choice topics that he happens to be feeling quite strongly about at the moment. English might be the lingua franca this millennium, but nothing rivals the Old Speech when it comes to having a good old swear. \"For god's sake, SQUASH THE BLOODY THING!\" The faith-leech screams. Martin stares down at it. It's still grasping upwards, spitting up tendrils like twisted snarls of wet-black hair, trying to reach him. Trying to feed. His eyes narrow. On the third strike, the faith-leech pops like an ink-filled balloon. An arterial jet of grey ooze splatters across the floor, the books, Martin's front. There's a final queasy sound that tears at the very edge of hearing, a silent death-rattle- and then true, blessed, ordinary silence rolls back in to fill the void. Martin stands like a statue- amost in the attitude of one, back too straight, hand to chest. When Tracy turns to him, he rocks back as if slapped, the sludge-soaked trophy clattering to the floor. \"Th - th hhhh-\" Tracy's too adrenaline-fried, too out of breath to talk. He waves a bear-with-me finger, then sags, against the wall, sucking in air. \"Third time's the charm,\" he manages, finally, in a high wheeze, then ducks again, gasping. \"Isn't it always?\" says Martin. Tracy manages a tired giggle, and after a moment, Martin laughs too. It's a fragile sound, rusty from disuse. He's out of breath as well, leaning back against the splattered bookshelves, his wiry, disarrayed hair sticking to his forehead with sweat. \"I- I thought you said it couldn't be hurt by ordinary objects.\" Tracy tucks his hand behind his back and looks down at the award for a moment, gathering his thoughts. Someone- one of Martin's neighbours- is banging angrily on the wall next door. Tracy can hardly blame them. A lot has happened since he first set foot in Martin's apartment, barely ten minutes and several hundred years ago, and none of it has been very quiet. \"I did say that, yep- but, but, it's not an ordinary object, is it? Can't get much more extraordinary than an award. All those people, wanting you to have it, believing you deserve it- that thing, right there, is a tangible symbol of their absolute faith in Martin Blake. Poor old leechface over there didn't stand a chance. I mean, not to belabour the point or anything, but I'd bear that in mind, if I were you.\" A faint prickly-buzzing sensation from his waistcoat pocket draws his attention. Blinking, he rummages inside one-handed and pulls out the summons, stares- then grins and turns it over, showing it to Martin. It's wiped clean, shiny-blank on both sides. \"Looks like you're off the hook,\" he says. \"Sentence rescinded due to the mitigating circumstances currently spread all over your floor. You're going to want to get that up quickly, by the way- all that antifideous ectoplasm is going to be a nightmare to shift once it sets.\" Martin nods, dazedly. Then he looks up at Tracy- studies him, thoughtfully. His eyes are shocked and wet and sore-looking, but no longer flat, or dead. He looks like someone who is just starting to wake up from a long, painful sleep. \"This... is what you really look like, isn't it? You were lying. This is actually you.\" \"Er... what makes you say that?\" Martin shrugs. \"Like you said. Twenty-seven books, I've done my research, and that is no glamour.\" He points. Tracy's expression takes on a slightly defensive edge. \"Right, not sure where this is going-\" \"Because you just look like you,\" says Martin. \"You don't need to look like anything else, do you? You don't need wings, or a wand- call it writer's conceit, shock, whatever, but I can just tell, alright?This is just- this is just who you are.\" Tracy blinks, surprised, starting to grin. A human who has spent who-knows-how-many months or even years as a faith-leech's private all-you-can-eat buffet is not the first place he would have expected to look to find any kind of reassurance, but then, Martin is quite an extraordinary human. After the number the faith-leech did on him , in the seconds it was latched on- he still hasn't forgotten that awful, draining misery- Martin's words are welcome, warming. He is him, Tracy, competent and complete, and he has a job to do. \"Well... yep, yes, you got me there,\" he admits. \"This is me, you're right. Little bit of misdirection, just trying to get you going. Worked, though, so don't knock it... what about you, though, you think you'll be alright?\" Quietly. While his left hand squirrels into his pocket- the other pocket- while his chest notches up yet another small familiar twist of regret, because while Martin can heal now, can recover, can write the next Harriet Skull, can believe again-there's one thing he can't do. The Rules are the Rules, after all. \"Yeah,\" says Martin, slowly, then again, more firmly, nodding into Tracy's approving mile-wide smile. \"Yeah. I will.\" His face goes regulation-blank when the bright puff of amnesia dust hits him, leaving him wrinkling his nose and blinking slowly at what is suddenly a perfectly empty (and spectacularly wrecked) living-room. For a moment he simply stands there, like a robot that's run out of orders, until the sound of the front door closing with a quiet, precise little click echoes through from the hallway, breaking the spell. Then his brow crumples, and he clutches his chest, knuckles digging in above the high point of his sternum. \"It feels so light, he says, to nobody in particular, and- exhaustedly, unashamedly- he starts to cry. Tracy jogs down the stairwell, stopping just short of DI LUVS CHEZ, and prepares to Cross back can't wait to get home, back to the bustle of the Dock, back to his small office where a small mountain of paperwork is no doubt waiting for him by now, piling up in drifts in the wake of this little incident. When it comes to paperwork, Fairy does not do things by halves. He looks down, somewhat ruefully, at his right hand, sucks in a hissing breath. His splayed palm is already swelling, taking on an angry, scalded sort of look. A blister the size of a penny is rising in the pad of his thumb, and the whole thing blazes furiously under his skin, like he's voluntarily grabbed a hot poker. The irony isn't lost on Tracy- he can't help wondering who, exactly, had originally taken the interesting decision that an award given to the world's best spinner of fairytales should obviously be crafted from rowanwood and solid iron. Tracy's not at all sorry that he refrained from giving Martin the whole truth- Martin will need all the self-belief he can get to start off with, just to build back up to an average, human level- but he's not easy in his mind, either. The bigger implications of the thing that was quietly killing Martin Blake are deeply worrying. If the parasites are coming back, what else might be lurking at the edges of the human world? Who knows what could be lying low out there? Unseen, unlooked for, getting stronger, while Lily and the rest of her lot up there in the Ivory Tower turn a blind eye and keep everyone hard at work reinforcing the Rules and punishing infractions, focusing on the small stuff. To Lily, humans are simple sources of belief, faith-generators, teeth- generators, otherwise unimportant. It's been too long. Fairy's fallen so far out of touch with the human world, and Tracy sometimes wonders if he- and the others like him, working on the frontline, shoring up the slipping tides of belief- are the only ones who can see that. Godmothers, he's tired. He needs to get home, he needs to fix his hand- a trip up to Medical and a bag of frozen peas are probably in order- and he needs to sleep, before he passes out right here in the stairwell like the world's longest and most neatly-tailored draught excluder. Then, maybe- before the next case lands on his desk, before the next irritating, maddening, fascinating human with a crisis of faith shows up and demands his time, he can think. Think- and maybe even plan. Tracy- who, even burned and bone-weary, can never stay solemn for long- grins in anticipation. When he fades from the world, the grin is the last thing to go. It hangs in the air, lingering like the last trace of a certain cat from a certain tale- then vanishes completely. -The End- ","Summary":" Tracy stands quite still, letting the human world wash over him, a slick of fleurocarbons and poiso"},{"Movie":"Tooth Fairy","Title":"Family","Author":"rhapsodybree","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9015847","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing except my own creations. \"So what does a record-breaking ice hockey player do in their time off?\" \"Play more ice hockey!\" Derek was slightly breathless as he grinned at the camera, still attired in his protective gear. \"No - seriously I spend the time with my family. Between minding the missus and attempting to build baby furniture, I play teacups with my daughter and jam with my son.\" \"Well, we know what you'll be doing when you leave here!\" the reporter laughed. Derek – the one-time Tooth Fairy – wiped sweat from his forehead as he nodded and turned away. \"Good talking to you Steve. Gotta dash.\" Arriving home, Derek opened the front door. \"I'm home.\" \"Mum's crying again,\" said Randy passing by with a roll of his eyes. \"Thanks for the heads up son,\" replied Derek as he dropped his bag. \"Wish me luck.\" \"Luck,\" the teenager mutter as Derek twisted his wedding ring. \"Tess,\" Randy then yelled up the stairs. \"Dad's home.\" Gingerly entering the lounge room, he saw his wife watching the interview. She had tears running down her face when he rounded the couch. He was ill-prepared for when she launched at him but recovered swiftly and held Carly as close as her pregnant belly permitted. \"Oh you wonderful man,\" Carly praised when she eased back. After several kisses, he gripped her hips and inwardly wondered at why. \"I knew I married you for a reason,\" she responded tremulously. \"Uh huh,\" he encouraged cautiously. \"You called Randy and Tess your son and daughter!\" said the weeping woman as she wiped at her wet cheeks. \"I'm ready to go!\" declared Tess, her high-pitch voice covering Derek's response as his wife turned in his arms. \"Well yeah.\" My, how times have changed! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing except my own creations. \"So what does a record-breaking ice hockey play"},{"Movie":"Tooth Fairy","Title":"The Tooth Fairy","Author":"Bob1097","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5818099","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Neither she nor I, own anything. This is a story my niece wrote. She is only 11 so please keep that in mind as you read. Once upon a time, there was a six year old girl, named Alex. She was at school and she and her best friend Amanda were playing on the playgroung togthaer. \"Oh no Amanda, my tooth is about to fall out.\" Alex said. \"Pull it. The tooth fairy will come!\" Amanda said. \"The tooth fairy isn't real, it's just something someone made up.\" Alex said \"How dear you say that!\" Amanda replied, but at that time the coach blew the whistle. That night Alex played with her tooth for hours, and finally, it popped out! After thinking about it for a while, she decided, 'well, tonight I am going to see if the tooth fairy is real.' So she slid the tooth under her pink pillow, crawled in to bed and waited for the tooth fairy. At exactly twelve o'clock, there was a little person in a little pink dress with a wand in her hand, in Alex's bedroom. The little person said, \"I'm Mikayla, and I'm a tooth fairy!\" \"Wow! Amanda was right, there is a tooth fairy!\" Alex said. \"There's not just one, there are a million, but I have more teeth to get so here is your dollar, and see ya.\" The tooth fairy said. \"Wait-\" Alex shouted, but she was too late. The neXt day at school Alex told Amanda, \"You were right, there is a tooth fairy.\" \"No there's not, I was just kidding about that.\" Amanda said. \"No, really! There is a tooth fairy, she talked to me.\" Alex said, and the two girls went back to class. The next day, Amanda had a very lose tooth. \"Pull it, Amanda and put it under your pillow and you will see her too.\" Alex said. So when Amanda went home, she pulled her tooth and put it under her pillow. She waited up until exactly twelve o'clock, and there she appeared. The tooth fairy told her the same thing she had told Alex. The next day, Amanda went to school where she told Alex, \"You were right, the tooth fairy is real.\" \"I told you she was real.\" Alex said, but again the whistle blew, and the girls had to go to class. But that night when they both were home, they both said to themselves, 'I hope I lose another tooth soon.' The End We know it was a little short but she is just starting. Thanks for all the encouragement she received on her other fic, we both appreciate it. She hopes you liked it and would like to know what you think. Thanks ","Summary":" Neither she nor I, own anything. This is a story my niece wrote. She is only 11 so please keep that"},{"Movie":"Tooth Fairy","Title":"Cleanup In Aisle D","Author":"wafflestories","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8309536","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Kid?\" The darkness under the shelf was absolute. Every wall in this quiet, warm, endless place was lined with storage of every kind, racks and drawers and hooks and pigeonholes and cubbyholes, slots and shelves and pull-out cabinets and stacking units on long, trundling tracks. Almost every inch of available space in this narrow little corridor, from the dusty floorboards to the low ceiling, was crammed with boxes and bottles, tubes and crates, jars and tins and stacks of yellowed paper, filling the dim-lit warrenlike space nearly to bursting. \"Kid, don't take this the wrong way, but you are screwing up my filing system. It's a complex thing I've got going here, it needs careful management. You can't just throw yourself in anywhere and hope you'll fit.\" \"Go away.\" The voice was muffled, crawling wetly from the darkness under the shelf. A young voice, as far as you could tell- angry to the point of self-strangulation, choked with snot. \"This is the 'D' section,\" continued Jerry. \"Dragons, domestic spells, you name it, if it starts with a D, it's here. You want 'T' for 'teenage angst' or maybe 'W' for 'what the heck are you doing down here anyway?\" A damp gulping sound. \"You're the eloquent type, I can tell.\" Jerry glanced down the long, winding corridor, then perched himself comfortably on a short stepladder. \"Me, I'm the same. I get called a blabbermouth. I'm like, what is that? Sue me, I like communicating. You make connections that way, it's a beautiful thing. You mind if I smoke?\" Silence. Jerry shrugged, and started to fish various things out of his pockets. Between the unravelling woolly cardigan and the complicated tool-belt, he had an incredible number of pockets, a personal storage system just as complex and cluttered in its own small way as the dusty labyrinth around him. \"Hey, there's no rush, I've got time to kill. I'm waiting for a big delivery of invisibility spray. The tricky part is working out if it's been delivered or not. Last time the cans got all shaken up in transit, I open the box, pow, the whole thing, gone. Not just the shipment, either- we're talking the whole enchilada, the entire loading bay. Took me a week to work out where I was. You ever try eating soup when you can't see your hands or mouth? Builds your spatial awareness, I'm telling you.\" The dark recess under the shelf was a lot bigger than it looked from the outside, but still uncomfortably cramped, boxed in on both sides by dry, woodwormy supports. Tucked out of sight, the kid wrapped his arms around his knees and sniffed, hard. Fairy was a transient realm, and to some extent mood-sensitive. If you weren't paying attention, or if you flat-out didn't care where you were going, you could end up anywhere. If you wanted to be around lots of other fairies, for example- and fairies, being naturally social, generally did- an aimless stroll would probably deliver you to the Dock, constantly crowded and bustling through the endless dawn-lit day. Or, at the other extreme, say you wanted the deepest, blackest hole you could crawl into- somewhere to hide, possibly forever- chances were you'd find yourself somewhere like this, somewhere dark and close and quiet, comforting in a dusty, mothballish sort of way. There was a soft flaring sound, a brief smell of burning as Jerry struck a match. \"They say challenges like that build character. Adversity, hardship, psychological trauma, all great character-builders. You, I'm going to go out on a limb and guess you've had enough character-building for one day. What's your name, kid?\" The kid laughed- not in a good way, a single hard joyless huuuh of a noise- then said something, a collection of syllables, a single word. Odd and lilting, it had more weight, more resonance,than his voice should have been able to give it. It carried, each sound a bright note, spreading gentle ripples like pebbles tossed in a pond. Jerry, who had been puffing industriously on his pipe to get it going, sucked in a shocked breath and started to choke. \"Whoah whoah whoah, what are you, nuts or somethi-\" \"Oh, sorry.\" A hand- pale fingers splayed like a deep-sea creature, or something travellers might have been warned against following into the marsh- grabbed the upper edge of the shelf, followed by a long arm, as the kid struggled out into the dim light of the corridor. \"Sorry, which- which name would you like? Because I've got a lot of names, as it happens, people call me a lot of things, you can take your pick. How about freak, there's a good one, I get that one a lot.\" His voice broke, then clenched like a fist, harsh and hateful. \"Wingless- freak-\" \"I was thinking maybe 'Herman.'\" Jerry brushed bits of tobacco off the front of his cardigan, looked up. He had to- the kid was slight but tall, head brushing the higher shelves, his conscientiously-tidy tunic fluffy with dust from the dark unswept space under the shelves. \"You know, you look like a Herman. I knew a Herman once. Sweet guy. Always had the hiccups.\" He gave the kid a thoughtful look. His face seemed familiar, although it took Jerry a moment to realise why. \"Spencer Tracy, right? Well, if the guy was about sixteen and nine foot tall.\" The kid blinked in surprise. \"You know who-\" \"Sure. I'm a film buff, it passes the time. It's a pretty good likeness you've got there. The nose is kinda off, but who's checking? The way I see it, if you're going to make yourself look like someone else you might as well go for someone with a little class.\" The kid snorted. \"Huh, like any of them'd have a clue who Spencer Tracy is. You'd think we were the only species in the bloody universe, listening to them. Like there's anything so special about them, all they do is flutter round treating other people like dirt- like underneath it all any of them look any better than this-\" He passed a hand across his face. Like fingers drawn through cobweb, or ink swirled on the surface of water, his features swam and altered in the half-light. Shadows moved across his face in the wake of his fingers, trailed loose, faded to nothing. Disenchanted, his face was unremarkable, besides being miserable nearly past the point of endurance, blotchy with crying. A young face, still possessing that touch of wildness peculiar to young Fae, the faint cutting edge of unseelie not yet worn smooth by their safe, tamed world. From a human point of view the ears were a little too sharp, the face a little too fragile, pointed in the wrong places. From Jerry's point of view, which was somewhat more practical, the kid looked like he could really do with a box of Kleenex. Without comment, the old fairy climbed a couple of rungs up the stepladder, and fetched some down. \"Don't bother,\" said the kid, blowing his nose with excessive violence. He fished a pair of thick-framed glasses from his breast-pocket and wiped them with automatic care, pushing them absently onto his nose. \"Know- know you're trying to be nice but I- I don't care, honestly, it doesn't bother me if you fly-\" \"It'd bother the heck out of me,\" said Jerry. \"What, you think I collect stepladders for a hobby? This place? Was not built for flying. Not enough wingroom, too much junk piled everywhere. I tell every temp that comes down here the same thing, do they listen to me? Last one caught his wing on a box of springheeled Nikes down in the 'S' section. Wound up getting bounced at seventy miles an hour through the rest of the alphabet. Nearly broke every bone in his body. Still comes out in a rash every time he sees a pair of trainers.\" He itched a wingtip. His own wings were smallish, as wings went, frizzy with sprouting cillia as white and wiry as an elderly terrier. \"It's not a good idea to go zipping around in here like a great big magical eagle in tights, is what I'm trying to get across. I don't even know half of what's down here, and I've been working here for so long I've been declared an item of historical significance. Which is not as awesome as it sounds, believe me- I have to apply for planning permission every time I want a haircut. Anyway, it's not all shrinking paste and amnesia dust down here, is what I'm saying. There's some pretty eldritch stuff, just lying around gathering dust. Did you know, I came across this notebook the other day, looks just like your basic, ordinary notebook, but you write someone's name in it, bam, they drop stone dead. Don't even have to lay a finger on them.\" The kid's head came up, sharply. His eyes were arresting, windows into a desperate little hell, a complex mixture of horror and terrible hope. \"What- really?\" \"No, of course not,\" said Jerry, without batting an eyelid. \"What are you, nuts? You think I'd have something like that just lying around?\" \"I-\" \"Jeez, no, that's a crazy idea, you could kill someone. No, that was a test, and you failed. So, Mr. Tracy, now I've got to ask, what's got a nice kid like you this worked up? Huh?\" The kid gave him a scared sideways glance, clearly conscious of having given away more than he'd intended. He stared down at his feet, tugging at the hem of his tunic- a picky little smoothing gesture more grounded in habit than conscious thought. \"C'mon, you can tell me, I'm a practicing psychotherapist. Well, okay- I'm not exactly a psychotherapist, but I am practising. So, what's up?\" \"It'd serve them right,\" said the kid, in a low, fierce voice. He kept his eyes fixed on his feet, his face turned away as if he didn't quite dare own up to the fact that the words were coming from his own mouth. His light hair, which was rather the worse for cobwebs but still suited his true face a lot better than the film-star mask, fell across his forehead, obscuring his frightened, fervent eyes. \"Serve 'em right if there really was something like that.\" \"Teach them a lesson, right?\" \"Well, I-\" \" Wrong! Take it from me, kid, using that kind of magical hoopla to sort out your personal life is just asking for trouble. Doesn't matter what you do, it always blows up in your face, guaranteed. Listen, here's some ancient history for you. My best pal- he was seeing this girl, right? Boy, was she something, I tell you. You know how sometimes people just click? It was like that. They were going steady, he was head-over-heels, they were a wonderful couple. Anyway, we were hanging out in Greece this one time, just us and the gang, one of those get-away-from-it-all things- and they fall out. I mean, with a capital F, it was ugly. Don't even remember what it was about, something totally trivial. Who's turn it was to babysit or something, I don't know. You with me so far?\" \"Er-\" \"Whatever,\" continued Jerry, without much of a pause at all, \"my pal went crazy. Couldn't let it go, had to teach her a lesson. Now, there's this flower, okay- very rare, all you got to do is put it in someone's eye, one squirt and bam, they fall in love with the first thing they see. Literally, the first thing- animal, vegetable, chair, vacuum cleaner, plate of spaghetti, you name it. Hilarious at parties. So he ropes me into this mess- what can I say, the guy's persuasive- I hit her with this stuff, bingo, she wakes up, she falls in love with this total schmuck. I mean, this guy was an ass.\" \"Wait- hang about, I've heard this story,\" said the kid, with a start. \"When he took it off, she was so relieved she forgave him and-\" \"Yeah, you got it,\" deadpanned Jerry, \"that's exactly what happened, 'cause girls just love a guy whose idea of solving an argument like an adult involves magical Rohypnol. Don't believe everything you read in a folio, kid. When he took it off, wow did the glitter hit the fan. She was furious. Never spoke to him again. My pal was heartbroken. Regretted it for the rest of his life.\" The kid winced. \"Trade secret,\" said Jerry, in a lower voice, motioning for the kid to lean closer. He kept motioning, flapping his hand like a small and impatient bird, until they were practically nose-to-nose. \"All this junk, sure, it looks a big deal, and maybe some of it comes in handy when your back's to the wall, but in the scheme of things you know what it all adds up to? Precisely zip. The real magic's up here.\" He poked the kid gently in the head, between the eyes and just above the glasses. The kid flinched back against the shelf, setting a rack of glass jars jingling faintly at his empty back, a jostling musical rattle like chattering teeth. \"Don't spread it around too much, though. I like my job.\" This seemed to hit a nerve. The kid drew himself up, pushing away from the shelf with a dissonant clatter. Jerry, circling a sly thumb and finger, saw jarring grief-shot blacks and yellows, the colour of a live wire- a sour crackling mess of frustration and rage that surrounded the kid like a kicked wasp's nest. \"Yeah- well, you're lucky, aren't you? Nobody's telling you you can't do what you want, they're not telling you it's just not practical, oh, it's not your fault, it's nobody's fault, that's just how it works- just the way we do things-\" The kid's voice climbed higher, took on a hectoring, lecturing tone, a bitter parody of authority. \"Follow your dreams, kids! Don't let anything hold you back, you can be anything you want, the sky's the limit- oh, except for you, sorry, we didn't mean you. You don't get to have dreams, but nevermind, we've got lots of lovely filing you can be getting on with instead-\" Jerry glanced up. The corridor was lit by a shaky system of ancient bulbs of all shapes, makes, and sizes, strung up over the decades and held together with a mixture of magic, wishful thinking, and a hell of a lot of duct tape. Right now, they were flickering like angry fireflies, and the air, usually dry and bookish, had gained an acrid, dangerous tang, like burning sugar. \"Kid-\" \"It's- not- FAIR!\" The bulb directly above their heads- a huge dust-caked thing with OSRAM LAMPWORKS traced in faded script across the glass- blazed like a tiny sun and exploded, raining shards and bright sparks down across the shelves and floor. Both fairies ducked. Jerry came up first, deceptively fast, planting a hand on the kid's thin chest and shoving him backwards. His shins hit an empty crate, and he sat down hard, still staring at the shattered glass glittering at their feet. Shock or fascination- it was hard to tell, and Jerry didn't wait to find out. \"Okay, okay, so it's not fair! Yeesh! No need to take it out on the fixtures. You got any idea how long it takes to get Maintenance down here? Six months last time, and the first guy vanished without trace. I warned him, he should have left a trail of breadcrumbs. Plus it all comes out of my budget, or what, did you think lightbulbs grow on trees? Don't answer that, the answer's no, they don't.\" \"I'm- I'm sorry-\" \"Well, apology accepted. Conditionally. First, you've got to give me some context here. You know how it is, you stop going to staff meetings for a few centuries, you get a little out of the loop. Okay? From the top. And don't get up- you've got a lot of nervous energy, and I've got a finite number of things you can break. It's not a good combination.\" It took a while. When he got going, the kid was a good talker, naturally eloquent- Jerry's initial assessment had hit pretty close to the mark. Beneath the anger, he was articulate and smart- too smart, perhaps, for his own good. It had been a long, long time, but Jerry could still remember what it was like- that age, walking on glass, too much clarity without the maturity that allowed you to finally take it lightly. Jerry was patient. He sat on the stepladder and blew wonky smoke-rings- he'd never quite got the knack- while the kid sat with his shoulders hunched, tearing a tissue with mathematical precision into halves, quarters, eighths, sixteenths. The fried-sugar smell faded, the remaining lights dimmed down to normal, the patch of shadow under the busted bulb settled back into mellow, dusty calm, and the kid talked. It shouldn't make a difference, he tells himself, up to a dozen times a day. He's clever. He understands people. He believes. There's no reason for them to look at him differently, to treat him differently, but they do. Again and again, left out, held back, ridiculed or- worse- ignored completely. From his peers, poorly-masked pity or open taunting. From the Higher Ups- who have learned subtlety with age- careful handling, tired platitudes, eyes that never quite met his own. You're just one of the unlucky ones. He's tired of being unlucky. Years of it have left him with a fierce hunger for acceptance and not much in the way of scruples when it comes to achieving it. He doesn't want special treatment. He just wants to be treated normally. He's had enough of being marginalised and held back and made to feel like a nuisance, something that's putting other people out just by existing. It's not your fault. It's nobody's fault. This is just how it works. It's just the way we do things. A hundred and one reasons to explain why for the others there is a Bright Future and the Duty and Following Your Dreams, and for him there is… filing. It doesn't add up. Anyone with an ounce of common sense can surely see that a lack of wings is no real impediment for a fairy with a brain in his head, a perfectly functional pair of legs, and the ability to turn invisible in the space of a breath. It's only because he doesn't look the part, He doesn't fit in. This has to work. It has to. He's rehearsed it in his head a million times. If they want him to fit in, he reasons, fine, he will. He'll give them what they want, and in return, surely, surely, they'll give him what he wants- He's been trying for months. Months of practice, struggling in secret. Months of punishing, exacting work, endless hours of effort. He's bright and capable- up there amongst the best in his teind as far as magical ability is concerned- but this , this is pushing the boundaries of what could have been accomplished by a fairy of several times his age and puissance. They are a work of art. He doesn't just construct their outward appearance, a lazy glamour that might fall apart as soon as you look at it sideways, no, like his film-star face, he uses reference, he does it properly. He studies all the old texts, everything he can find on the true construction of a glamour, not to mention everything he can get his hands on about wing anatomy. Every tendon, every capillary, every hollow bone, he fixes it all in his head, grinding these things- these things he does not have- into his memory. At times it feels like deliberate self-torture, but no, he tells himself, it's worth it, there's a reason- there's a reason . He labours over the musty diagrams until he can summon the entire structure of a wing, inside and out, into his mind, and hold it there. He doesn't stop until he can see them, hair-perfect, in his head- the wings he might have had, if he'd only been one of the lucky ones. He imagines them, visualises them and draws them, forces himself to put as much detail as he can into the careful sketches until they are every bit as detailed as the diagrams in the books. They are perfect. Colour is hard, colour takes extra effort, so he keeps them white. It's a fairly common colour anyway, one of the five basic variations. He can't resist adding the faintest pinkish tinge at the root of each, fading out into the white. It's the little touches that sell the illusion, after all. They are perfect, they are beautiful, and as long as he can keep focus, they are his. Of course, he still can't fly, but that's not important- and anyway, nobody will be able to tell. They'll be amazed, stunned by his skill, his resourcefulness, his willing to be like them, and at last, he'll fit in. He'll show them glamour. He picks his moment, his entrance. The Dock is a perpetual hive of activity, a vast Grand Central for arriving, departing, working, scurrying, bustling fairies. A constant hubbub of voices, a dopplering to-and-fro clatter of hundreds of light feet, a rainbow flurry of wings overhead. It is alive and a proof of life, the endless tik-tik-tik of names and details falling like rain down the face of the enormous boards at the far end, the blinking clusters of lights on the vast mosaic on the other, the Realm's biggest existing map of the human world. He takes a deep, steadying breath, focuses on the line of counters at the far end, and starts walking. Already, he can hear a faint mutter rising behind him, and despite the strain his heart gives a giddy lurch of pleasure. They're noticing. And surely it'll get easier, it seems like such an effort now but if he can only keep it up surely it'll become second nature, keeping them there, every step won't strain and hurt and make his brain pound like some distant over-heavy engine with the effort and the detail- Oh but it's worth it, he can already tell it's worth it, just from the cessation of sound around him, the whispers- -although actually he hadn't expected them to whisper. They usually whisper, or giggle, in a half-secret way that makes his teeth itch and the skin on the back of his neck grow hot and taut- but it's alright, this must be whispering of a different kind, a good kind- It's not a good kind. He can't fool himself- he should know, after all, if there's anything he's a sodding expert on by now it's telling the difference between admiration and derision. Someone laughs, somewhere behind his back, a high mocking note like breaking glass. He turns, fast, tries to pick out the culprit, but there's so many of them, so many eyes- A single fairy- his own wings flattened and ruffling in agitation, at his shoulder. A friend, his face tense, eyes big and nervous, voice a worried hiss. What are you DOING? He's no longer sure. What seemed so simple and perfect just moments ago is unravelling, falling apart, turning to unbearable realisation. Something inside him snaps in two at the sound of his friend's voice- the incredulous note in it, the embarrassment for him, the humiliation by proxy and worse- the pity . Hot bile rises in his throat, and he drops the glamour and runs, stumbling on the marble, his 'wings' trailing to nothing at his back. \"So that's it. It doesn't matter what I believe I can do, it's never going to matter, they're never going to give a toss, 'cause they don't even want me to be like them. They just want someone they can feel happy they're not. We tell the dreamkillers that nothing's more important than being true to yourself but we don't even show each other our real faces. Everything we are, it's all fake- but the moment someone like me tries to be something they're not-\" The kid dropped his head, his fingers knotting and unknotting themselves in his lap. When he spoke again, the sound was much quieter, as if he'd finally talked himself calm- an adult's share of reflection in his young, breaking voice. \"You know what's really sad?\" he said. \"The best dreams aren't the ones where I've got wings. They're the ones where I haven't- and nobody cares.\" There was a short silence. Jerry, who had smoked through his pipe, knocked it out with a couple of absent taps on the nearest shelf and tucked it, still smouldering, back into his pocket. \"You know, I must be a real knucklehead,\" he said, at last, \"because I just can't seem to work out what the problem is here. So that's your dream, right? You want to be a Tooth Fairy.\" \"Yes,\" said the kid, wearily. \"More than- more than anything, but it's impossible, they'll never-\" \"Hey! We don't use the 'I' word down here, got that? It's a good dream. Personally, my dream is one day owning a house made entirely of nougat. Your dream? Is way more practical. Not to mention less sticky. The point is, it doesn't have to be realistic. It's a dream, not a To-Do list.\" He passed the kid the box of tissues. \"Here, you're trying to be the Tooth Fairy, not the Mucus Fairy. It's not a good look. You'll scare children.\" The kid laughed, or at least made an involuntary sort of huh-snurff noise that could have been interpreted as a laugh. There was a little reluctant humour in it, at least. \"See,\" continued Jerry, \"the important thing is, you never give up. You work for that dream. It might take a lifetime, but I'm telling you, that day when you're standing at your bedroom window and you just go on and take a great big bite out of it, just because you can, boy are you going to be glad you put in the hours and kept dreaming big. I apologise, that was my dream again, I got kind of caught up in the moment. Whatever, the point's still valid.\" \"But-\" \"But! The hunting call of the dreamkiller. You don't want to go that way, it's not pretty. You know, I see big things ahead for you, kid. Trust me- my dad was a soothsayer.\" \"What- really?\" \"Nah. Sorry, I just can't help telling tall tales sometimes. It's a curse. Genetic- Mom was a Sphinx.\" \"R-\" The kid stopped himself, gave Jerry a flat, sceptical look. \"Ha! He learns fast. Seriously, though, I meant it about the big things. Tell me something- have you ever considered a career in Supplies? As it happens, I've got a vacancy.\" \"No,\" said the kid, carefully, after a moment. It was a good sign- the kid had recovered enough of himself to be diplomatic, or at least polite. It was a definite improvement, considering that a few minutes ago he'd been so recklessly close to the end of his rope that he'd told his name- his actual true name- to a total stranger. \"I'm not sure it's exactly my, uhh... my calling.\" \"It's nobody's calling,\" said Jerry. \"Trust me, Mr. Tracy, nobody wakes up in the middle of the night and goes 'Holy cow, I've just seen the light, it's my destiny to unpack boxes and tick things off clipboards every day for the rest of my life.' No, kid, what it is, is a foot in the door. So maybe they won't let you make Tooth Fairy the easy way, but you work in Supplies, you get fairies from every department coming down here all the time, section chiefs, heads of staff, you name it. I mean, even the Lady herself needs a new pen every once in a while. She chews them, too- it's a habit, makes them run out quicker. Anyway, they see you every week, they get to know you, they see you're conscientious, reliable, then just maybe, if they've got a space to fill somewhere else. Like the Stacks, or even Fieldwork, maybe...\" \"A foot in the door,\" said the kid, slowly. He looked at Jerry, the expression on his true face a heart-hurting picture of doubt and hope- and something else, in his ebbing, settling colours, in his voice. A sense of a door closing, perhaps, deep down- and there in its place, the small spark of kindling belief. \"You... really think that could work?\" Jerry raised his hands in an open shrug. \"Hey, nobody said it was going to be easy. And it's not guaranteed- dreams aren't, that's why they're called dreams, right? But it's a start.\" The kid nodded. \"That story,\" he said, after a moment. \"The one about the flower. If it's true- then- then that makes you the-\" \"Call me Jerry,\" said Jerry, firmly. \"Here's a piece of advice for free, kid, you don't want to be 'the' anything. You start being a 'the,' people start expecting a certain level of personal grooming, and before you know it, they're saying you can't wear bedsocks to work any more. It's exhausting. With a 'Jerry,' on the other hand, people know what to expect. You hear a name like that, you're already thinking, harmless old yutz, maybe he's a few twinkles short of a moonbeam but boy does he know some killer stories. In this job, it pays to act the part, you know what I'm saying?\" On impulse, the kid grinned. He had a wide, bright grin- not perfect but interesting, intelligent and sincere and, given everything that he'd been through, surprisingly trusting. \"When do I start?\" \"Tomorrow. Get some sleep. And do me a favour, leave the face at the door, okay? We've got enough wannabe movie stars around here as it is. You're going to give me a complex.\" \"It never really suited me anyway,\" said the kid. He stood up, bending his neck against the low curve of the ceiling, following Jerry as the old fairy crunched through the carpet of glass fragments and started back down the dim obstacle-course of a corridor, down the path that would eventually take them to distant main hub. \"To be honest, I feel like I've had enough of glamours for a while.\" By now they had reached the turning, the place where the narrow corridor met another shelf-lined passageway, wider and brighter-lit. The kid hesitated for a moment, looking towards the light, straightening to his full height in the extra space. \"Thanks, Jerry.\" \"You're welcome, kid.\" ","Summary":" \"Kid?\" The darkness under the shelf was absolute. Every wall in this quiet, warm, endless place w"},{"Movie":"Tooth Fairy","Title":"Trick or Teeth","Author":"wafflestories","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8626878","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Dock was packed. Fairies thronged the long marble concourse, squashed together thick as Times Square at New Years. They overflowed the space behind the counters on each side, filled every perch and girder to the pale, starry spine of the ceiling. The map of the human world sparked and glittered across the long wall, the great pendulum that tracked the swing of universal belief swung in a wide circle at the very centre of the polished flower mosaics, but the assembled fairies had no attention to spare for anything except the enormous information boards that took up most of the far wall of the concourse. Every face was turned towards them, the massive and endless waterfall of names and places, children and teeth spinning in bright trickledown shimmers from top to bottom. The space buzzed with bright chatter, a thousand voices raised in a festive, expectant cacophony. It was very difficult to be heard above the racket- but here, halfway up one of the few long ladders fixed to the counterside wall, where a pyramid of chairs and desks had been cleared away for the occasion, someone was trying. \"But why not?\" \"Shh,\" said one of the fairies who happened to be nearest. \"But it doesn't make sense,\" persisted the small fairy. He was a snub-nosed twig of a thing, all big owly glasses and pointy ears, frowning fiercely over the top of a big, blocky black lump that looked like a Casio calculator with all the insides missing. \"Two billion human children- how many noughts in a billion?\" \"Six,\" said someone. \"Eight?\" guessed someone else. \" SSHHHH,\" said the first fairy. \"That's more'n sixty thousand teeth!\" said the small fairy, wobbling alarmingly as he tried to hang on to the ladder while shoving his gutted calculator display-first into his nearest companion's face. \"Just in one night! And- and if they leave 'em tonight and we don't take them away, they're not gonna believe-\" \"It's a holiday,\" said a fairy hovering nearby, as if this explained everything. \"It's tradition. Don't worry about it, kid. Most of them get left out again tomorrow. Or the parents take care of it for us-\" \"Yeah, but why-\" \"Thinking of having a go yourself?\" said another fairy, who obscured most of the top of the ladder (and half the small fairy's view) with the sleek blue-purple mass of her perfectly-groomed wings. She laughed, looking around for support from the appreciative peanut gallery around them. \"Did'ja hear that? The wingless wonder over here thinks he's a Tooth Fairy!\" There was a flutter of laughter. The young fairy shut his mouth in a thin line and managed a very tight sort of half-smile, clinging to the ladder as the bigger fairy rattled it carelessly with her foot. The tips of his ears were a blazing, furious pink. \"Shut up!\" hissed the first fairy, as the light started to dim. A ripple of hush spread through the Dock, from the map to the floor-length glass at the far end. The perpetual dawnlight which surrounded the Hive was fading, a blazing sunset falling across the faces of the waiting fairies, catching the delicate membranes of a thousand pairs of wings and painting them liquid gold. The small fairy looked up, the light sparking red-gold off his glasses as the shadows slanted deeper across the crowd. For the only time in the entire Fairy year, true night was falling. \" Ten! Nine! Eight!\" The chant began, rising, gaining momentum in the near-total night, a host of voices lifting to chase the last threads of sunlight from the Dock. The tumbling letters on the information boards started to slow, emptying from the bottom upwards, the blank spaces marching up the board. LUCY PENNINGTON – HERTS – INCISOR – COMPLETED. ARNO BRÜCKNER – MUNICH – CANINE – COMPLETED. Up and up, space by space, each tooth filled, each job finished, until at last the golden letters of CHRISTIAN DEWITT – AZ – MOLAR were the only bright things in the chanting, breathing, living void- snapped from IN PROGRESS to COMPLETED- \" Three! Two! One!\" -and vanished from the board. \" HAPPY HALLOWEEEN!\" The flare of a wand, uplifted, sparking blue- another- a sweeping blanket of starlight unfolding across the floor and walls of the Dock. Blue, pink, gold, white- the wandlights re-drew the space, sketched the counters and benches and the applauding, cheering crowd into eerie, ghostlit existence. Someone started to sing (someone could usually be relied upon to, when fairies were involved) and immediately about a hundred other voices pitched in, belting out a cheerfully up-tempo version of something so old it was untranslatable, as confetti as thick and black as ash began to fall from the ceiling, making the wandlights twinkle and flicker like fire. Amidst the celebrations, nobody noticed a single empty space on one of the tall ladders, or one of the tall archway doors slipping quietly shut. \" Why?\" Jerry shook the top part of his newspaper into a flopping fold and looked down from his dusty, clutter-strewn desk. \"You're asking me why we don't collect teeth on Halloween?\" \"Zactly,\" said Tracy, or at least what little of Tracy could be seen over the top of Jerry's desk. There was a mop of blond hair, a nose, and the top part of the gutted calculator. \"Sixty thousand teeth, barely a forty percent likelihood of, of getting another chance to get 'em, that's thirty-six thousand teeth, at twenty thaums per tooth per day- that's a loss of over-\" \"Whoah, whoah, okay, Mr. Memory, slow down before you sprain something.\" Jerry shook his head. \"'Why don't we collect teeth on Halloween?' he says. Sheesh, what are they teaching you kids? Listen...\" The old fairy tossed his newspaper on the desk and leaned forwards, flipping a switch on the anglepoise that overhung the desk and plunging the stuffy, shelf-crammed space into a sickly green otherworld, full of stark, lunging black shadows. Tracy shrunk back, eyes huge behind his glasses, as the shadow of the old fairy's smallish, fluffy wings grew and spread like a tattered shroud across the shelves, filling the room with midnight. \" On Halloween, all the magic in the human world belongs to the dead. They say that if ever the accord is broken, if even one single fairy collects one single tooth before dawn breaks on the next day, the vengeful spirits of the dead will rise from the grave to reclaim what's rightfully theirs...\" \"R-ruh-really?\" squeaked Tracy. He'd flattened himself against the shelf, hugging his memo pad like a shield. \"Nah,\" said Jerry, in his own voice, and flicked the switch again. Green glare and writhing shadow vanished in a second, replaced by warm lamplight and stuffy, friendly clutter, and he sat back, picking up his newspaper and shuffling it idly open. \"I'm just messing with you, kid, how the heck should I know? It's probably a union thing.\" \"You- you mean you just- made all that up?\" said Tracy, indignantly, unpeeling his fingers from his calculator with some difficulty. \"Hey, you try sitting down here on your own for more than a century, see what you get bored enough to do. You know, yesterday I rewrote Wagner's entire Ring Cycle. Scored it entirely for kazoos. Want to hear?\" Tracy vanished. \"Your loss.\" Jerry shook his head, and started to flip through the back of the paper, looking for the cartoons. \"Kids these days. No sense of culture.\" \"Listen, Trace, I really don't know-\" \"It's stupid,\" said Tracy, adjusting the strap of the satchel around his neck. He'd found it in Lost Property, and it was far too big for him- even with the buckle adjusted as short as it would go, it still hung nearly to his ankles. He gave his baggy grey tunic a sharp tug- it was an ingrained habit of his, as if by yanking on the hem sharply and often enough, he would force the shapeless thing to acquire some sort of style or symmetry. It was a losing battle. \"You're telling me. We're missing the party-\" \"All that magic, and we're chucking it away just 'cause everyone wants a holiday. It's only Halloween. We collect teeth at Christmas and Midsummer Night and Easter and that other weird one they made up, there's no reason why we shouldn't-\" \"Yeah,\" said Duke, who was a good few inches shorter than Tracy- most of the young fairies in their teind were. Although fairies, like human children, normally hit a spurt at some point or the other as they grew, it couldn't be denied that Tracy's had started early, and seemed to be settling in comfortably for the long run. \"But you're not a Tooth Fairy.\" \"Neither are you,\" Tracy pointed out. He took an experimental step, tripped over the strap, and sat down hard in the middle of the blank white space of the Flight Room. \"Oof. So what? If no-one else can be bothered to do it-\" \"You can't fly, Tracy,\" said Duke, tucking his own snowy wings back awkwardly as he spoke. In stark contrast, they were unusually well-developed for a fairy his age, and could generally be relied upon to get in the way of everything. \"Clover said human children sleep way up on the tops of their houses. How're you even going to get to the teeth?\" \"I'll think of something,\" said Tracy, from the floor, tying a complicated knot in the strap to bring it up to the level of his knees. \"Human children don't have wings either, and theymanage, don't they? Maybe they use ropes- I c'n climb a rope. I can climb anything.\" \"This is a really bad idea,\" said Duke, leaning back against the invisible, stark-white wall. \"I mean, have you ever even been to the human world? It's dangerous down there! Humans are crazy. All that disbelief rots their brains, everyone knows that.\" \"First time for everything,\" said Tracy, climbing to his feet again. Duke opened his mouth, caught the slightly manic look behind Tracy's glasses, and shut it again. He wasn't-entirely-not-quite-friends with Tracy, and this was a perfect illustration of why. Most of the time, the wingless kid was just fine to be around- smart, friendly, and certainly never short of great ideas. Most of the time, you could practically forget that there was anything wrong with him, that he wasn't normal, but- -but every so often something like this would happen. He'd get some crazy scheme into his head, something none of the others would have even thought of, something that ran totally against the way every sane fairy knew things were supposed to be. He'd just take off- so to speak- and you'd suddenly be reminded that there was quite a large difference between you and this scrawny, mad-eyed accident waiting to happen, and furthermore he'd somehow got the impression that you were on his side. It wasn't really safe, to be friends with that- to plant yourself next to someone who was always itching for something to prove, or prove wrong, who had no notion of sensible restraint. Sometimes, when Tracy got like this, Duke wondered if maybe not having wings removed the safety net in your brain. Tracy straightened the satchel, tugged at the shapeless hem of his tunic, stood up straight, and beamed at him. \"How do I look?\" \"Like someone heading for a whole lot of trouble. Look, Trace, I'm just Clover's 'prentice- if he finds out I gave you his spare wand, he'll kill me.\" \"Not a problem, he's never gonna know.\" \"He'll kill you.\" \"Swear on my name, I'll have it back by dawn. You wouldn't want me going down there unarmed , would you? Defenceless? It being so dangerous and everything...\" \"Ughh,\" groaned Duke, banging his head on the invisible wall. Tracy, magnanimous in victory, patted him on the shoulder. \"Spoken like a true friend.\" It was early evening, and the streetlights were just flickering to life, dopplering on and off up and down the long suburban street like a parade of fireflies having a conversation in Morse Code. The sky was a dimming dove-grey, and the air had a winter bite to it, fresh and sharp with the mingling scents of woodsmoke and wet leaves. The nuances of the beautiful autumn evening were mostly lost on Tracy, as he knelt in a huddle on the damp concrete and tried very hard not to kick off his very first visit to the Human Plane by losing his lunch. The ground was hard and gritty under his palms, and there was something terribly wrong with the air- it sat in his lungs like glue, thick and foul. His stomach was heaving and he thought he might be sick at any second, but every breath he took tasted like someone else had beaten him to it. How can they stand it- A loud and horrible noise blared in his ears. Swallowing bile, he looked up and into a pair of glowing, smoking yellow eyes the size of a small dragon's. \" Hey, kid, get out of the road!\" Tracy found his feet, and stumbled to the kerb. His legs gave out again as soon as he reached the verge, and he dropped to the patchy grass and watched the large red Chrysler roll over the place where he'd Crossed and accelerate slowly away up the street. He did know what a car was- he'd watched filmreels, seen pictures- but it was shocking to see one so close, and in person. He hadn't expected them to be so big- or trail such a godawful stink in their wake, for that matter. The road was ingrained with the noisome stench of burning rubber, a glossy poisonslick of chemicals and oil. He stood up again, carefully, tugging at his tunic. Now that he felt slightly less disoriented he could recognise other manmade things. They had names- human names, English syllables that tasted alien in his mouth- mailbox, streetlamp, trashcan- \"What're you meant to be?\" Tracy turned, sharply, and found himself confronted by a small, faintly-patterned bedsheet with eye-holes cut in, looking up at him suspiciously from behind a half-filled plastic pumpkin with handles. Presumably, there was a human child under there somewhere, and he felt slightly cheated that the first one he ever met should look so- so unimpressive, was a polite way of putting it. Bloody silly, was a ruder and slightly more accurate way. \"I'm a fairy,\" he said. This didn't appear to satisfy the bedsheet. \"You don't look like a fairy.\" \"That's rich,\" said Tracy, who always tended to feel better once he had someone to debate with, \"coming from a ghost with forget-me-knots on.\" \"Why don't you have wings?\" \"Why aren't you glowing in the dark?\" said Tracy, stroppily. \"Or floating? 'Venged many wrongs done to you in your mortal life, have you, lately?\" \"I'm a pumpkin ghost,\" said the bedsheet, as if this should have been self-evident. \"You got pointy ears. And you got no shoes on.\" \"Yes,\" agreed Tracy, perplexed. He wondered if human children were always disposed to point out perfectly normal and obvious things as if they were somehow odd, or if this particular child was just a bit funny in the head. It was hard to tell, with the bedsheet in the way. Trying another tack, he straightened up self-importantly and pulled a neat handwritten list from his satchel. \"D'you know where... Five, Maple Terrace is, by any chance?\" The bedsheet pointed. \"Thanks,\" said Tracy, taking a deep breath. \"Happy Halloween.\" He shut his mouth tight, and faded from view. The bedsheet stood there for about five seconds before it started screaming, and by the time it had fled out of sight around the corner like a small forget-me-knot cloud on speed, Tracy had padded invisibly up the sloping front lawn of Five, Maple Terrace and positioned himself in the cover of a large tree draped in rubber spiders and ragged black muslin. The air was becoming more bearable now, no longer lying in his chest like a dead thing with every breath, and he was able to settle down comfortably and watch as a small group of human children started up the front path. They were a mixed bunch. Another ghost, a witch, a stumbling sort of robot made from cardboard boxes, and something green with two ping-pong balls stuck to the top. They reached the front door, a warm orange cobweb-strung cave guarded by leering columns of stacked pumpkins, and the witch (apparently elected for the purpose) sidled forwards and knocked. The door opened, and- \" Trick or treaaaat!\" \"Trickertreat,\" mouthed Tracy carefully, under his breath. He watched, fascinated, as the ritual unfolded before his eyes. The costumed children approached, said the magic phrase, were welcomed and cooed over and given plastic-wrapped food- which they poured into their waiting sacks and buckets- then hurried away to repeat the process next door. It took him a few minutes to make sure he'd seen everything, understood the procedure, and then it was only a question of taking a deep breath, screwing up his courage, and shadowing the next group up the path- \" Trick or treaaaat!\" Trickertreat, thought Tracy, as firmly as he could, then squeezed his eyes and mouth tight-shut and stepped past the humans, over the threshold. The magic word seemed to work just as he'd hoped- he felt no worse, no broken boundary-taboo clawing into his stomach or his mind. Even better, the first thing he saw upon ducking into the brightness of the front hall took a massive weight of worry off his chest- this human house had stairs. Actual, built-in stairs, an architectural consideration as rare as hens' teeth in good old shortsighted flight-oriented Fairy, and if this house had them, presumably the other houses on his list would, too. His lungs were growing tight with lack of breath, the urge to gasp swelling up in his throat like a balloon of stale air. He forced himself to move and shot up the staircase two steps at a time, flattening himself to the wall like a gangly grey squirrel as the human shut the front door and turned away to refill her bowl of candy from a crackling bag on the hall table. He made it with a moment to spare, and tucked himself into the shadowy turn of the upstairs landing to sit and wait for his glasses to de-fog themselves in the warmth. Slowly, he breathed himself calm. He was a wobbly-kneed bag of nerves, a world away from home, inside a human house, no less, right at the heart of the enemy camp. He was terrified. He was also having the time of his life. I'm the only Tooth Fairy in the world tonight, he thought, and the idea filled him like a rosy cloud, putting the strength back into his legs and boosting him to his feet. He drew Clover's wand from the satchel's holster, and gave it an experimental flick. A warm firefly light glittered from the tip, reflecting double in his big, wonky glasses and guiding him down the short length of dark, carpeted corridor to the door right at the end. At least there was no mistaking the child's bedroom from the outside- the door was covered with crayon marks and animal stickers, and a sign at eye-height that read JACKIE! in gaudy alphabet bricks. They write their children's names on their doors for everyone to see. Tracy crept closer, pushed the door ajar with a cautious hand. Everyone and everything. It's true, then, what everyone says- humans are crazy. The bedroom was cosy, colourful, and half-lit. A night-light glowed soft and soothing on the stencilled walls, soft toys, a rug scattered with plastic bricks- -the bed. Edging closer, wand at the ready, Tracy's breath caught in his throat. This was the first human child he'd ever seen- properly and at close quarters, without the camouflage of a bedsheet or a thick coat of green greasepaint and a crooked rubber nose on elastic. 'Jackie' was maybe six, a tiny bump under the flowery sheets, her dark hair frizzing out gently over the pillow. In the electric half-light, in the stale grey air, Tracy could see a curious thing- the shape of the child was sharp and bright to his eyes, more real than anything around her, as if she belonged more to his world than this one, the one where she'd been born. This was what belief looked like, he realised- he was seeing it for the first time because this was what it looked like in isolation, in contrast to the rest of this drained, faithless world. You couldn't see it in Fairy, this warm, fragile sharpness, because it was all around you, all the time. Like a lot of precious things, you only noticed it when it wasn't there. Tracy stood quietly, looking. What he felt- although he didn't understand it, then- was older than caution, surer than fear. It was a resonance, an instinctive echo deep down in the back of his mind- the connection between his small, awed, bird-boned self and this sleeping mortal child, the last traces of the fragile symbiosis between their species. A sharp creak of floorboards broke the spell. It jogged him out of his reverie, snapped him back to the room and the voice of the mother, which to his horror sounded as if she was already halfway up the stairs. \" Honey? Are you out of bed?\" Tracy flinched, shoved Clover's wand back into his holster and darted to the pillow in a panic, shoved both small spidery hands underneath to locate the little packet of folded tissue. He had to heave against the weight of the little girl's head, which startled him by turning out to be as heavy as a bowling-ball despite her tiny size. Tooth safely in one fist, he snatched one of the shiny new quarters he'd found in the satchel and dropped it on the pillow by Jackie's nose, then gulped down a lungful of air and faded from sight, just as the mother opened the bedroom door. Too close, he thought, scurrying from the house like a jubilant thief, tucking the tooth into his satchel as he went. The coin must have weighed more than the tooth, which was only a translucent dove-white speck, but it seemed to him that the satchel weighed slightly more already. And messy, way too messy. I can do better than that... Satisfied that her daughter was still fast asleep, Jackie's mother closed the bedroom door softly behind her and headed back downstairs. Her head full of ordinary concerns, like how much trouble Jackie's twelve-year-old brother and his friends were getting up to on their own Trick-or-Treating mission, and how many more trick-or-treaters she could provide for with two more bags of Mounds bars, she had failed to spot the quarter lying on the pillow. Jackie slept peacefully, the coin catching the moonlight at her cheek- which was really just as well. If she had caught so much as a glimpse of the inky curl of shadow that crept up to touch the coin like a gaunt, spidery hand, or, worse, seen the way it recoiled with a cheated, hissing whisper and slipped, slow as treacle, back into the crack between the bed and the wall, there was no way on earth she would have continued to sleep peacefully- or, indeed, at all. The second tooth was easier, if no less nerve-wracking. By the third, Tracy was somewhat less jittery. By the fifth and sixth, it had become fun. Cheerily disregarding time and distance, fading from here to there as if the human world was nothing but a giant game of hopscotch, Tracy put a girdle around the Earth from Quebec to New Orleans, from the Rhineland to Tokyo, finding teeth under pillows, in pouches and boxes and glasses of water, poked into mouseholes and thrown into the darkness under the house, until his ears were pink from the October air of half a dozen different countries and the satchel was a pleasing deadweight around his neck. He stopped choking on the polluted air and little-by-little lost his fear of being seen. He learned to jab Clover's wand at the coins before shoving them under the pillows, turning quarters into marks and francs and twenty-pence-pieces as he went. By the tenth tooth, he was getting cocky. In a nameless human city that seemed to be made from multicoloured lights, endless grey rainbow-strung skyscrapers glistening under a downpour so cold it was nearly snow, he rode something called an elevator - amazing, practically magical device!- up forty floors to a blank carpeted tunnel of doors, and rang the doorbell of the right apartment himself, vanishing an instant before it was opened and whisking- trickertreat- in around the doorjamb before the human, puzzled and annoyed by the sight of the empty corridor, could shut it in his face. In an attic bedroom in a tiny village where the streets were lined with stuffed men made from straw and throwaway clothes, he found not one but two teeth, bloody in a folded hanky- the result, explained the proud and atrociously-spelled accompanying note, of a battle with a treacherously crunchy toffee-apple. Again, the wand seemed to know what to do, changing a quarter into a shiny silver dollar. It was intoxicating, and Tracy loved it. He felt made for this, the responsibility, the excitement, the glimpses into strange lives in stranger places, the sense that he was really doing something, something much more important than the boring everyday chores he was expected to do back home, where most of the Higher Ups were given to viewing a small wingless fairy as something between a liability and an embarrassment. Tonight, he was Tracy the Tooth Fairy, and his satchel was weighed down by its belief-stuffed burden, making a dry, deliciously satisfying sound whenever he set it down, like loose grain shifting in a sack. And who could blame him, at the height of his glee and triumph, for not noticing his lengthening, twisting shadow, or the sharp whispers on the very edge of hearing, so easily lost under the sighing autumn wind? After all, those were only branches scratching at the windows as he passed, not snatching claws- and the boards creaking under his feet carried no resentful, reproachful echo. No dark listless things followed him from place to place, nothing kept pace with him, matching his speed and exuberance step by dragging step, nothing was seeking him, hunting him, gathering like a thunderhead at his back... Another country, another tooth. Tracy practically skipped up the steps of the target house, a tall thin greybrick townhouse set back from the street in a quiet, leafy street. Halloween didn't seem to be that big a deal here, although there was a desultory pumpkin glowing on the top step, and a few costumed children were being herded home from parties, chivvied along by sheepish adults in witch hats or vampire cloaks. It was almost midnight. Tracy gave the knocker an imperious thump , and was slightly taken aback when the door creaked an inch or two open in response. Stepping inside, he found a chair parked in the middle of the doormat, draped with a fistful of orange streamers. A plastic bowl parked on the seat of the chair encouraged anyone passing to Help Yourself, and since the bowl contained only a single lonely marshmallow in the shape of a ghost and a lot of candy dust, it was evident that a lot of people Already Had. Tracy took the marshmallow- trickertreat- stuck it in his mouth for safekeeping, and lugged his heavy satchel down the hall, past a gaudy art print and a sombre darkwood grandfather clock, and up the stairs. The door that led to the front room was frosted glass, and through it he could see the cloudy shape of another eye-hurting print over the mantelpiece, and the back of a dark-haired woman watching television on a big couch. The satchel bumped loudly on every step, but the television was making such a racket that he probably could have danced a jig on the stripped-pine floorboards and not attracted the slightest attention. The first floor revealed only a bathroom, the mother's bedroom, and a study, and so Tracy continued, chewing on the marshmallow as he went, winding around the landing and eventually finding himself in a high and pitch-dark bedroom under the eaves. He took out his wand and groped impatiently through the gloom towards the bed, which stood under a skylight, so far back against the wall so that he had to duck to avoid the sloping ceiling. Idly, poking blind beneath the pillow with his free hand, he wondered how you would manage to sleep in such a bed without cracking your head every time you woke up- \" Gotcha!\" Tracy jerked back, and smacked his head sharply on the ceiling. Clover's wand winked out as it fell out of his hand, and the room was plunged back into darkness- unless you counted the stars blooming behind Tracy's eyes. Another moment, and the light clicked on, flooding the room with a painful spotlight glare. He grabbed a breath and held it, but something was very wrong- it was as if there was a thick net between him and his magic, and no matter how hard he focused and tried to fade he stayed put, traitorously visible, inarguably solid. Trapped. He looked down at his hands. There- just beyond them on the pattered rug- a thin line of white powder. He snatched his hands back and followed it all the way around him with frightened eyes. Part of it was half-hidden under the bed, the last few inches drawn in a ragged snarl, as if done in a great hurry. With a plodding backwards clarity, his mind reconstructed the last few seconds- eager eyes waiting in the darkness under the bed, loaded palm poised above the last few missing inches of the circle, watching as Tracy's bare feet padded closer over the rug- Salt. Slowly, keeping the heel of his hand pressed to his stinging skull, he made himself look up. \" Wow,\" said the boy, reverently. He was small and a little chubby, with a missing front tooth and a lot of dark, curly hair. He was standing on tiptoe in his slippers and hugging a mouldering leatherbound book bigger than his head tightly to the front of his Zebedee pyjamas. He was panting with the exertion of his mad kamikaze dash from under the bed to slam the bedroom door, and now he stood with his back against it, staring at Tracy with big, round eyes. Tracy scrambled for Clover's wand, only to find that it had landed just outside the circle. He could move within the salt line, but any attempt to reach across the perimeter met a weird, spongy, yielding resistance that grew hotter and more uncomfortable the longer he tested it. He pulled his hand back, struck by a sudden conviction that if he pushed it too far it would start to burn, as surely as if he'd pressed his palm against the salt line itself. \"Let me out,\" he said, getting slowly to his feet. \"You're a fairy,\" said the boy. He looked down at the book, then back up at Tracy, blinking hard as if he still couldn't believe the evidence of his own eyes. \"I caught an actual fairy!\" \"Yeah, you did, well done, and this actual fairy would like to go, now. Please.\" Tracy did his best to sound calm and firm. He felt sick, a solid chunk of panic lodged in his windpipe, cutting his breath short and robbing the strength from his legs. \"In- in your own time-\" He stopped in his tracks, because the boy, having flipped a few pages to another ragged notepaper bookmark, had started to read out loud. It was slow, and faltering, and a bit dodgy on the pronunciation, but the sound of it was unmistakable, and on top of the panic of being caught the initial shock of hearing the familiar syllables mangled in the boy's clumsy human mouth nearly unscrewed Tracy's brain altogether. He was reading in the Old Speech. \" Téigh an oigheann. Cuir an plúr agus sóide isteach i mbabhla mór. Déan go maith i lár, agus Doirt an bainne. Measc go tapa chun foirm a taos bog. Cas ar dhromchla plúr clúdaithe, Agus an meascán ar feadh tamaill. Bhácáil ar feadh leathuaire, Agus fág le fuarú.\" He stopped and looked up, his eyes bright and expectant. There was a longish pause. At their feet, the sound of the television downstairs boomed and muffled its way up through the floor, sending faint, itchy vibrations through Tracy's sensitive toes. He stood idly on one leg, itching the back of his ankle. \"And that's all of it, is it?\" he said, at last. \"Er,\" said the boy, uncertainly. He looked down at the book again. \"Yes?\" \"Mm. Cause, thing is, what you just said there was a recipe.\" The boy blinked, turning an outraged and rather panicky stare on the book, scrabbling helter-skelter though the pages. Tracy thought it pretty likely that he was trying to find the part of the book that told him what to do if, having caught a fairy, it informed you that the ancient and powerful binding spell you had just recited was in actual fact something that belonged on Ready Steady Cook. \"No- no it wasn't, it's supposed to be a binding spell-\" \"Yeah... soda bread, actually,\" said Tracy, rubbing the sore place at the back of his head ruefully. \"See, thing about Fairy Lore- the kind humans have written down, anyway- is, it sort of depends on the veri- verisilly- the reliability, right, of the fairy they got it from in the first place. I mean, say you're a fairy, and some twit of a human- no offence- manages to catch you, and they go, 'aha, fairy, I've got you now, I command you to tell me the secrets of your fairy powers...' are you actually gonna to do that, or, are you gonna give 'em a recipe for soda bread?' The boy thought about this, shaking his flopping hair out of his eyes. \"Oh.\" \"You said it really well, though,\" added Tracy, kindly. \"For a human.\" \"Stupid thing,\" said the boy, in a sulking, doomy sort of voice, chucking the book on his bed. \"I been waiting weeks for that tooth to come out. And then it says in Mysteries of the Unexplained that Halloween's the best time for supernatural stuff to be abroad, but we've only ever gone to Calais for the day anyway, so-\" \"Look.\" Tracy drew himself up, brushing off his tunic and straightening his glasses. He fixed the boy with what he hoped was a hard, businesslike stare, and tried his utmost to look like a proper Tooth Fairy, brave and totally on top of the situation and ready for anything- basically, the opposite of how he felt, which was like a proper idiot, sick and scared and a very long way from home. \"I'm warning you- final warning- you're heading the right way to get yourself blacklisted, and I don't wanna have to tell you what happens then.\" \"Why? What happens?\" \"I dunno,\" confessed Tracy, edging from foot to foot, \"why'd you think I didn't want to have to tell you? But I bet it's horrible. And, and, nobody'll come for the rest of your teeth, and at twenty pence a tooth, that's at least four quid you'll miss out on, isn't it?\" \"Umm,\" said the boy, frowning. He shook back his sheepy mop of hair again, and started to count on his fingers. \"Just- just let me go, will you? If I don't get that wand back home by dawn I'm going to probably literally get killed, and that's just for starters. Let me go,\" he added, struck by sudden inspiration, \"and I'll give you a wish.\" The boy stopped trying to do sums in his head. \"What- really?\" \"Course, I'm a fairy, aren't I? One wish.\" \"In stories,\" said the boy, dubiously, \"people usually get three.\" \"Don't push your luck,\" advised Tracy. \"One wish, that's your lot. But you got to let me out first, I can't do anything in here.\" \"You promise you won't just... whizz off?\" \"Promise,\" said Tracy, who wasn't even sure if he certainly didn't feel very whizzy. The salt, or maybe just the shock of getting caught, had knocked all the wind out of his sails. He was fairly hopeful that the boy would let him go- or rather, he didn't want to think about what would happen if the boy didn't let him go-but he decided that this would be the last tooth he'd take tonight, even so. Enough was enough. The human world was a strange place, endlessly fascinating, great to visit, but he'd had enough of it for one night. Right now, he just wanted to go home. \"Swear on my name.\" \"Okay,\" said the boy, after a moment's thoughtful pause. He kicked gingerly at the circle, scuffing the salt, creating a gap about an inch wide. It wouldn't have been enough room for so much as a snail to pass without risking serious injury, but fortunately for Tracy that wasn't the point- the moment the circle was broken, he hopped smartly out, avoiding the scattered crystals and breathing a huge, secret sigh of relief. \" Thank you,\" he said, snatching up the wand. He felt much better with it back in his hand- a long, polished lathe-turned thing a bit scuffed with wear, far too big for him but still reassuringly solid and hefty, warm in his palm. He gave it a quick warm-up flick, and the string holding the nose of the Airfix bomber to the ceiling snapped in a puff of bright dust, sending it into a twirling half-nosedive. He ignored it, leaning over the bed. \"Where'd you find this thing, anyway?\" he said, leafing through the book's tattered pages, closely-typeset runes and chunks of Old Speech laid out between passages of English text. \"Recipe… recipe… limerick- hoo, that's rude… crossword… I've never seen such a lot of old tripe in my life.\" \"My mum collects old books. What about my wish?\" \"Alright, alright, keep your hair on, one wish coming up.\" Tracy shut the book with a snap. \"What d'you want?\" \"I want to be famous,\"said the boy, breathlessly, shiny-eyed. \"Like Superman. Or Doctor Who.\" Tracy looked at him for a moment. \"Look, it's a wand,\" he said, patiently. \"It doesn't do great big complicated ideas like that. There's limits, alright, I can't just go round making people famous. People would notice- your whatd'youcallems, parents, for a start.\" The boy snorted. \"My mum never notices anything. All she does is watch telly and argue with people from the British Museum.\" \"Also, bigger snag- you haven't done anything to be famous for.\" \"I caught a fairy,\" said the boy, darkly. \"Yeah, and you let him go- so don't start getting any smart ideas,\" snapped Tracy, as the boy's eyes flicked towards the book. \"You'll prob'ly make your own nose fall off if you go on reading out of that thing, and I won't be able to stick it back on. Wands don't do noses, either.\" \"What do they do, then?\" said the boy, sulkily. \"Look, sunshine,\" said Tracy, who was beginning to lose his temper, \"you want to watch it, or you're gonna be wishing you were more polite. An' I tell you what,\" he added, with a touch of spite, \"I'm not wishing you a thing before you hand over your tooth. I'm a pr'fessional, you know, I didn't come here to be messed about.\" \"Hey! You promised!\" \"Yeah, well, that was before you started mouthing off. No tooth, no wish- take it or leave it.\" \"Alright, alright,\" grumbled the boy, scowling and fumbling in the front pocket of his pyjamas. \"Here.\" Tracy held out his hand, and the boy dropped the tooth into it. Downstairs, the clock struck twelve. The first indication Tracy had that something was badly wrong came within a second of the tooth hitting his palm. To his horror, it started to glow, pulsing with an ebbing, greenish marshlight. Within the space of half a minute it had become unpleasantly bright, like a flare- or a beacon. \"What's-\" He looked down, and was appalled to see that the satchel by his legs was glowing too, becoming a smouldering pouch of green fire. By his side, the boy let out a startled yelp as the overhead light flickered and blew out with a sharp, whining pop, plunging the room into a smoky, emerald-tinted otherworld, sending the shadows of the everyday human objects that filled it crawling towards the ceiling. More shadows crept from the corners of the room, from between the floorboards, from the edges of the skylight blind- merging and flowing together in a single inky stream. Tracy hugged the satchel to his chest and backed off, mouth hanging frog-wide, watching his own shadow grow and twist, pulling this way and that in clumsy, puppetlike lunges as if it would tear itself in two. And then- it did. Two became three became four, and the sickly green shadow-shapes split again and again and puffed and swelled and pulled themselves away from the wall in jerky tendrils of green smoke, until there were thirteen, a full baker's dozen of tall, misty shadows, silent and staring at Tracy and the human child with the eyes they did not have, the blank holes where their eyes should have been. For a moment, everything was deathly quiet. Only a moment, and then the other string holding the Airfix bomber to the ceiling took the opportunity to snap, sending the toy crashing to the rug and breaking the spell. Tracy would later maintain that the boy screamed first, and the boy would probably have sworn blind that Tracy did, but in reality they took the same enormous, whooping breath at exactly the same moment and screamed together, grabbing for each other in their blind panic. Tracy's fingers bit into the boy's shoulders, and the boy latched on to Tracy's side like a limpet, small fists knotting in his shapeless tunic. The misty figures didn't so much as move in response- worse than any reaction, that blank, blind, deaf indifference- but Tracy didn't wait for them to make the first move. Still screaming at the top of his lungs, scared far beyond the capacity to do anything but grab for that single thread of sheer instinct in his chest, the one that said Home, he bundled the glowing satchel up in a one-armed death-grip, and Crossed out of the human world. He hit the polished marble of the Dock on his knees and rolled, the wind knocked clean out of him, the zaps and crackles of excess magic grounding all around him in the darkness. His glasses skittered off his nose and out of sight, and he lunged blindly after them with scrabbling, sweat-slick hands. The sun-that-wasn't-quite-a-sun hadn't yet risen outside the big windows, and the information board was still an empty blank, but the party was over. For perhaps the only few hours in the busy year, the Dock was completely deserted. Tracy snatched up his glasses and staggered to his feet, clinging to his satchel and letting the sweet air of his own world wash over him- Titania, Lilith and Mab, I'll never leave again!- and looked around wildly for someone or something to help. His heart was hammering and his stomach yawned like a bottomless pit, and he knew damn well that it wasn't all Crossing nausea this time, either. It was the kind of sick that you felt when you suspected you might possibly have done something incredibly, astronomically, phenomenally stupid. At his feet, the boy groaned and picked himself up off the book, which had cushioned his fall. \"Where are we?\" he said, shakily, as Tracy turned in a tight, panicky circle, holding his wand aloft. The Dock was far too big to light with one small wand-tip, and Clover's wand was drained by the busy night's workout he'd put it through- it cast a dying circle of warmth barely six feet around them, glinting off vague suggestions of marble and glass in the black void beyond. \"Home,\" said Tracy, jumpily, shaking the wand in the faint hope that it would hustle some more magic out of it. Wands were, at their heart, little more than a conduit for the magic and belief of the fairy wielding them, and this was a fact he sincerely wished he wasn't a party to, or at least didn't have to face while feeling so tired and scared, and believing not much more than he was altogether a bit of an idiot. \"Well, for me. Fairy. Don't go wandering off, there's a hole 'bout five fathoms deep somewhere over there. And no safety rail. We don't do safety rails.\" \"Whuh-whuh-whuh-what were those- those things?\" whispered the boy, backing into Tracy's side. He had lost a slipper somewhere, and his eyes were bigger than the moon, hazel and terrified in the light of Tracy's wand. He suddenly looked very small, and very young. \"G-guh- ghosts? They looked like-\" \"I think they were the vengeful spirits of the dead,\" said Tracy, grimly. His voice echoed off the high walls, hollow and plunking. \"I think I might have gone and broken the accord.\" \"M-my uncle got me one of those,\" said the boy, in a sort of autopilot-voice, staring up into the black vault of space above them as if trying to comprehend the sheer, boggling size of it. \"But Mum w-won't let me play it in the house.\" \"I'm gonna get in so much trouble.\" Tracy turned to look at him, his own owly eyes getting even wider with slow-dawning horror. \"You, you shouldn't be here, nobody's allowed to bring humans into Fairy without proper permission and forms and everything- it's strictly forbidden. It's- it's the Lore. I've broken the Lore.\" \"My mum's prob'ly going to notice the house being all full of ghosts, too\" said the boy, gloomily. \"And if she finds out I was messing around with her books-\" The circle of wandlight dwindled suddenly, shrank to a fading handful of stardust at the tip of Tracy's wand, pitching them both into sudden darkness. He shook it, face locked in a panicked little snarl, thumb press-press-pressing the generator like the button of a broken vending machine, and was rewarded at last with a flooding resurgence of light- -green light. Tracy jerked back, dropping his wand for the second time that night, and at his back the boy let out a short, woeful wail of terror. The Dock was no longer empty. All around the two children, rising through the inky polish of the floor and encircling them in a dense, unbroken ring, the thirteen phantom shadows loomed. Tall, hunched, dripping smoky threads of green fire from their trailing shrouds and their bony, reaching hands, they pressed slowly inwards, and their hollow eyesockets seemed to fix Tracy with a dreadful, hungry accusation. \"This isn't real,\" the boy croaked, behind him. \"It- it can't be real.\" Tracy shook his head- whether in agreement or denial was unclear- and hugged the satchel, tightly, his mouth opening and closing like a frog's. The simple, stark new fact that home was not safe had shaken him to the core. It felt like the bottom had dropped out of his stomach, and his brain didn't seem to be functioning in the same dimension as his mouth, or the rest of his body for that matter. \"Wh-what did you do? What do th-they want?\" \"The- the teeth,\" managed Tracy, \"they- they belong to them-\" The boy looked at Tracy as if he was mad. \"Give 'em back then!\" With clammy, shaking fingers, Tracy dragged the satchel strap from around his neck. The thought of letting go of the teeth chewed painfully at his gut, but on another level he knew the boy was right- if that primal magic-hungry part of him wanted to get horribly 'venged upon by a pack of angry ghosts, it could take its chances. The rest of Tracy- the smarter, reasoning part- wanted to live to see the sunrise. \"Here!\" he yelled. \"Take 'em!\" The satchel hit the floor where he threw it with a heavy thud, trailing green fire as it blazed from its magic-packed heart, whipping the nearest ghost's misty shroud into a billowing eddy of dry-ice ripples. The thing inclined its blind, long-jawed head, studying it slowly. As Tracy watched, his stomach knotting with a mixture of jealous loss and relief, the mist that made up the shape of its robes thickened and crept up over the burning bundle of the satchel, the radiance fading and mingling together until it blurred completely out of sight. The ghosts had remained motionless throughout, their sagging fog-etched faces turned towards the place where the satchel had landed and been consumed- restored, whispered that older, cleverer part of Tracy, in the back of his mind. They seemed to be waiting, letting the silence drag out through the seconds. The boy, who seemed to be trying to make himself physically smaller through a combination of hiding behind Tracy and his own shaggy-dog fringe, let out a quiet whimper. \"It's alright, it's over,\" Tracy was just starting to say, when the nearest ghost's black-eyed waxwork face lifted slowly towards him once again. Pinned to the spot on the cold marble, nailed through by that terrible, hungry nothing-stare- and then another- and another and another- he realised that it wasn't over at all, not by a long shot. Fairies didn't really have gods, at least not in the sense that humans did. As a species, they were naturally so reliant on faith that the idea of worshipping something that was even more dependent on belief tended to strike them as nothing more than a gross waste of resources. Sometimes, though, the need to pray to something transcended even the most sensible philosophies, and the thought that went through Tracy's terrified mind as the ghosts lifted up their heavy, trailing heads and began to drift slowly closer was something as close to a prayer as made no difference, a fear-bright and fervent litany on the basic theme of Oh Godmothers I'm sorry I swear I'm sorry somebody please help us now- The ghosts had drifted so tight around them that they were pressed back-to-back, shrinking from the ragged mist that eddied around their feet. The first ghost opened its mouth in a yawning, silent scream, and Tracy gathered the last few tired sparks of his own magic and shielded the younger boy with his own skinny trembling body, squeezing his eyes shut tight- \" What is going on here?\" Upon finding himself not immediately dead, Tracy steeled himself and looked up. The ghosts were falling back, parting to reveal- Lily didn't really have an official title, as such. She didn't need one. A century ago, she might have been called a Queen, but these days fairies tended to view that sort of thing as embarrassingly quaint and old-fashioned, detrimental to Fairy's slick new corporate image, and Lily had never claimed to be a Queen. For as long as anyone could remember she had always maintained that she was not ruling Fairy, but simply taking care of it. Managing it, looking after it until such a time as it passed into someone else's care. Nevertheless, a Queen was more or less what she was, and it she certainly looked like one to Tracy at that moment, as she landed gracefully with her large peach-tinted wings unfurled to their full span and strode across the deserted stretch of the main concourse, a stately and disapproving expression set on her regal face, her skirts streaming behind her like a waterfall of cold ivory. The ghosts fell back before her, and she stepped in front of Tracy and the boy- barely sparing them a glance- and folded her arms, looking up into the sepulchral mists. As soon as her back was turned Tracy- or rather, Tracy's sense of self-preservation, Tracy himself had little to do with it- stuck Clover's wand behind his back and kicked the boy's book into the shadows. \"What is the meaning of this?\" The ghosts blurred, blended. A gaunt and foggy hand reached accusingly for Tracy, who shrank back again, words that were not quite words arriving whole and horrible in his head. Stole... ...hungry... ...ours... \"I see,\" said Lily, as if talking to nine-foot-tall ghouls made from green fog with melting holes for eyes was something she did every day of the week before breakfast. \"However, he returned the teeth of his own free will. By the terms of the accord-\" ...accord... … broken... \"Excuse me, I hadn't finished. By the terms of the accord, you have no claim to him. And since they are within the boundaries of Fairy, both he and the human child, ah...\" \"M-muh-Martin,\" managed the boy, from behind Tracy. He was clinging shyly to Tracy's back, looking up at Lily with huge eyes as if he couldn't bring himself to stop. Lily glanced down at him, and for a moment her ironclad expression softened slightly into something a little more kindly, even faintly amused. \"-Martin, are under my protection, and that is the final word. If you wish to discuss our agreement, I'd be more than happy to do so, but the children are free to go. Tracy,\" she continued, and Tracy snapped upright, as if galvanised by a wand to the back of the legs, \"take Martin home.\" Tracy was stunned, not sure whether to be proud or frightened. She knew his name. \"But-\" Lily half-turned, and her eyes locked with his own. It was only for a single second, but it was more than long enough as far as Tracy was concerned. She seemed to see him, all of him, inside and out, every inch of his own small soul weighed and measured and totally understood in one scathing glance. He gulped, and bowed his head. \"Yes, my Lady.\" Before she could say anything else, or worse, change her mind, he grabbed Martin's arm- the boy was an awestruck, immobile lump- gave Lily and the twisting, mournful shades ringed around her a final, fearful look, and flipped out of the world. \"Are you gonna be in trouble?\" asked Martin. Tracy, exploring the base and the cord of the lamp on the kid's messy desk, finally found something that looked appropriately switchlike and snapped it on, filling the room with warm light and dinosaur-shaped shadows from the patterned-paper shade. He looked around, and gave a nonchalant shrug. \"Oh, probably. I've been in trouble before, loads of times.\" This was true, but the larger fact was that once one has been in fear of one's life at the mercy of a host of angry phantoms risen from the grave, the idea of mundane punishment loses a lot of its sting, at least in prospect. \"Was- was that- that lady your mum?\" Tracy started to laugh, saw the look on Martin's face, and stopped. The human didn't look in the mood to be cracking jokes, much less appreciating them. He looked fairly shellshocked, in fact, sitting on the end of his bed and working his pyjama sleeve into shaky knots in both hands, his small feet not-quite-touching the floor. He was still missing a slipper, and it took Tracy a moment to locate it, tangled up in the string of the crashed Airfix bomber. \"Not exactly,\" he said, gravely, putting the tangle of string and plane parts on the bedside table and poking the slipper back onto Martin's unresponsive foot. It was like dressing a scarecrow. \"That was Lily. She's... she's sort of everyone's mum.\" \"I wish she was mine,\" said Martin. He huddled around his knees, the picture of despondency. \"I lost the book. Mum's going to go mental.\" Tracy thought for a moment, then poked him in the shoulder with the wand, which by this point in the proceedings had about as much magic left in it as a Twiglet. \"You probably saved my life, you know,\" he said. Martin looked up, frowning. \"Telling me to- to get rid of the teeth, back there. I- I was that scared, I didn't think of it.\" Didn't want to think of it, was the full truth, but Tracy didn't think Martin would understand that, not really. Maybe there were things that humans needed like breathing, things that it nearly almost hurt to be parted from, even though they might not even be rightfully yours- but he didn't know what they were, so he couldn't draw a comparison. \"Thanks.\" \"That's- that's okay.\" Martin sat up a bit. \"You got to promise, though, no more going round trying to catch fairies. Alright? I won't tell on you this time, 'cause fair's fair, you saved my life, but if you do it again-\" \"I won't.\" \"Promise?\" \"Swear on my name,\" said Martin, starting to grin. Tracy grinned back at him. For the first time, it occurred to him that perhaps there was something even trickier and more satisfying than collecting teeth- and that just maybe, he might be quite good at it, someday. \"Don't forget, I still owe you a wish,\" he said. \"If you ever think of anything, let me know.\" By the time Tracy summoned up the courage to return to the Dock, it was almost dawn. The walls were bleached of their warm pastels by the not-quite-dawnlight, the floor a washed-out pool of reflections spiralled with daisies the colour of dishwater. Even without holding his breath he was nearly invisible against it, his tunic the perfect camouflage, little more than a mop of blond hair and scuffed pink feet pattering across the wide polished expanse, only himself and a pale fleeting mirror-Tracy hurrying to beat the dawn. He was nervous again, edgy and utterly exhausted. It had been hard enough resisting the urge to creep off to his own small burrow of a room and sleep for long enough to climb back up to the Flight Department and return the wand to Duke, but a promise was a promise, as he forced himself to remember while struggling to muffle yet another gargantuan yawn in his sleeve. From his point of view, the night seemed to have lasted at least a hundred years. He paused just long enough in the middle of the grey marble floor to check that the immediate area was empty of ghosts, fairies, and terrifying authority figures in general, and then made a run for it. The big door at the far end creaked a little as he dragged on the heavy handle and cracked it just wide enough to slip through- \"Tracy.\" He stopped in his tracks and turned, slowly, cringing. Lily stood at the far end of the main concourse, looking out over the brightening clouds that surrounded the Hive in their protective cocoon. Her back was turned to him, very straight, her wings folded gracefully behind her. He stared, unable to help it- he'd never seen her with her wings closed before. \"Come here.\" Heart in his mouth, he pattered over the marble towards the raised dais, and the ghostly mirror-Tracy ran at his feet, their shared shadow long and thin in the strengthening dawnlight. The sun would rise very soon, and it wouldn't set again for another year, not even at the winter solstice, when the clouds beyond the glass would be heavy with picture-perfect snow. The weather system that surrounded the Hive was mostly controlled by Fairy magic, the same magic that kept the whole structure afloat and timeless in its armoured bubble, but some things refused to be altered by glamour- even Lily's. Terror fluttered in his chest like a caged bird. He didn't know what happened to fairies that broke ancient laws and accidentally unleashed the spirits of the vengeful dead upon the living, but he was very sure that he didn't want to find out. Punishment to Tracy had always meant boring lectures and extra work and mind-numbing chores while everyone else was flitting around having fun, and while that sort of thing had always seemed monstrously unfair at the time, he realised now that there were crimes so serious that cleaning and copying and Thinking Hard About What You Did paled into insignificance. He climbed the steps slowly, dragging his feet, full of the wretched knowledge that there were things a lot worse than chores. Fairies could be exiled, he'd never seen it happen but he'd read about it, and the thought filled his throat with tight painful panic and made his eyes swell with frightened, unshed tears. \"You broke a lot of rules tonight, Tracy,\" said Lily. \"I'm sorry,\" he muttered, halting on the very last step. However tall he was compared to Duke and the others, Lily was taller. Her straight-backed silhouette was stern and remote, her face unreadable against the brightening glass. He hunted the surface for her reflection, trying to find her expression before she saw him looking, but couldn't see her face- the light was too bright. \"The Lore is there for a reason.\" She sounded tired. \"It protects us. What you did jeopardised much more than your own safety. I managed to bring them round- this time- but the fact remains, your actions directly threatened us all.\" \"Nbdysplained,\" said Tracy, in a tiny voice. She looked away from the glass. \"I beg your pardon?\" \"Nobody explained,\" said Tracy, a bit louder, but still in the direction of his feet. He made himself look up. \"I mean, someone sort of did, but they told me it was a joke. If they'd said, don't collect teeth on Halloween 'cause they really do belong to the dead-\" \"-you still would have had no business collecting those children's teeth in the first place,\" said Lily. \"Tooth Fairies learn these things as part of their training. They don't just rush in willy-nilly one day and start collecting teeth because they feel like it. Being a Tooth Fairy is a great privilege, and you are expected to earn it through dedication and hard work. And just because it relies on rules,\" she added, looking directly at him for the first time, \"that does not make it a game.\" Tracy felt about an inch tall. He looked down at his feet again, and sniffed. \"I'm sorry,\" he mumbled, again. \"You tried to protect the human child.\" said Lily, thoughtfully, as if she hadn't heard. \"That was brave. Incredibly foolish, but brave. However, it doesn't change the fact that he never would have been in danger if you hadn't been so reckless. Whatever possessed you to do something so stupid?\" \"I- I just...\" He trailed off, swallowing hard. \"I cannot abide people who mutter,\" said Lily, apparently to the glass. \"If someone has something to say, there's no reason in the world why they shouldn't just say it. It makes things so much simpler.\" \"I just wanted to know what it felt like,\" whispered Tracy. \"And... and I wanted to see if- if I could. Everyone says you can't be a Tooth Fairy if you haven't got wings, but I wanted- I just wanted to prove them wrong.\" There was a pause. \"Life isn't about what you may or may not have,\" said Lily, at last, and to Tracy's amazement she sounded almost gentle, almost kind. \"It's about how much you want the things you don't have, and how much you are prepared to work for them- and wait for them, if that's what it takes. And do you know the most important thing of all? Look at me, Tracy.\" He looked. He felt very shaky and his eyes were blinking furiously behind his big crooked glasses, but he stood up straight and looked her in the eye, and was startled to realise that she was smiling. \"Believing that you deserve them.\" Like a searchlight across a still pool, the first ray of sunlight crept down the steps and fell across the long marbled floor. Lily looked away, out across the gold-pink expanse of cloud beyond the glass, and her wings opened, glowing, unfurling like a flower seeking the light. Behind her, the first few sparse, timid pops and ticks echoed across the Dock from the information boards, letter by letter tumbling over into place and beginning to fill the blank black rows with names- places- PENDING- IN PROGRESS- COMPLETED- \"Now, hurry along,\" she said, briskly. \"Take that book down to Supplies- we don't want it falling into any more clever little hands, do we? And Tracy...\" Tracy, who was still feeling more than a bit gobsmacked- and who could blame him; he had, after all, been expecting practically anything but this gracious eleventh-hour reprieve- checked himself halfway across the floor and looked uncertainly back up at her, Martin's grandfather's book clutched safely to his chest. \"Do at least try to stay out of trouble. I'll be keeping a close eye on you.\" \"Yes, m'Lady,\" said Tracy, who could feel himself starting to grin from sheer relief. He dared to flip a quick salute- it had to be quick, the book was heavy, and in danger of slipping- and then turned and fled before the grin had the chance to grow to a size that might be taken as disrespectful. He scuttled the rest of the way across the gold-soaked floor, nimbly dodging the few early-bird fairies beginning to flit and hurry into the main concourse. Some of them stopped and looked after him, some in mild surprise, a few with faint disapproval- maybe wondering what such a small, untidy twig of a wingless fairy was doing up so early with such a big and important-looking book, or why he was grinning so maniacally, or going at such an unseemly rate, flying with wings at his heels. Another blink and he was gone, trailing a fading, elated yell in his wake. \" Happy Halloween!\" ","Summary":" The Dock was packed. Fairies thronged the long marble concourse, squashed together thick as Times S"},{"Movie":"Tooth Fairy","Title":"Was it Fate?","Author":"jessapink","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5669466","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own anything. Derek Thompson left the ice at the end of the game, disappointed again. It had been three whole years since he had scored a goal, or even tried a shot! Maybe I'll get it next time , he thought sadly to himself, knowing full well he wouldn't. Nevertheless, he took a deep breath and kept walking. As he approached all the screaming fans by the exit, someone caught his eye. A pretty young brunette woman with a boy with sandy blonde hair that looked like her son. She glanced in Derek's direction and he gave her his signature smile. \"Would you like an autograph?\" Derek called out to her. \"Why not,\" she shrugged, and handed him a pen and her notebook. He turned to the little boy she was with. \"What's your name?\" \"Randy Harris,\" he said shyly, hiding behind his mom. Derek signed the book and on the next page he wrote his phone number and the words \"I'd like to see you again sometime. Derek.\" He handed the book back and walked off to the locker rooms, an unexpected smile appearing on his face. That night, Derek was watching TV, thinking about how lonely he was. Sure, he had friends. But he was beginning to think that they wouldn't be around if he say, suddenly dropped out of hockey or something. Revelling in this melancholy thought, he took a long sip of his beer, attempting to drown his sorrows. Unexpectedly, he felt a strange vibration coming from his back pocket. He reached back and pulled out his phone, which was flashing madly to signal an incoming call. He flipped it open unaware of who might be calling him during his TV time. \"Hello?\" \"Hi. Um, my name is Carly. We met at the game today?\" Derek's glum expression was suddenly erased from his face and replaced with an ecstatic grin. \"Oh! Hi! You got my note then! How are you?\" \"Oh, I'm fine, thanks. Well, I called to tell you that, um, you have my pen.\" Derek remembered signing the autograph and giving back the book... But not the pen!!! \"Oh! Yeah, sorry about that! I have it right here! How urgently do you need it back? I mean, we could go out sometime, or you could come to my place, or I could go to your place...\" \"Well. I'll text you my address and you could come around anytime from now. But not too late, my kids would be sleeping.\" \"Well, OK, that sounds great! I'll see you soon then!\" \"Bye!\" Derek snapped his phone shut and stared at it, anticipating the message it would soon be receiving. A/N How was that? This is my first fanfic so please don't be too harsh!!! Some constructive criticism would be nice, though! I will be adding more chapters soon![Chapter 2] A/N Disclaimer on Chapter 1. Derek took a deep breath, straightened out his clothes and approached the front door of Carly's house. He had made an attempt to look good, but was trying not to look too eager. He rang the doorbell and waited patiently. The door was answered by the little boy from the game that day. \"Hi, Randy! Is your mom here? I have her pen.\" The little boy motioned for him to come in and Derek went into the living room and sat on the rather comfortable sofa. He looked around the room admiring the many family portraits on the wall. \"Mom! Derek's here!\" Randy shouted up the stairs. \"Oh! I'm coming!\" Carly emerged from her room and made her way to the lounge. Derek stood up and took in her appearance. She had put her hair up and was wearing a red halterneck dress and matching ruby jewellery with gold accents. She looked stunning and Derek was glad he hadn't overdressed. She smiled shyly and gestured for Derek to sit down. \"Would you like something to drink? Tea? Coffee? Wine?\" She was nervous, Derek could tell. \"I'll have whatever you're having.\" He smiled at her, hoping to make her nerves disappear. She walked off into the kitchen and Derek twiddled his thumbs, thinking of conversation topics. He had never coped well with awkward conversations, so after deciding to ask her about herself, he sat back and relaxed. Carly walked back into the room, holding two glasses of sauvignon blanc. She handed Derek his and he took a polite sip and then cleared his throat. \"So. Carly. Tell me about yourself.\" He waited nervously for her reply, hoping he hadn't been too intrusive. She smiled and began to speak. \"Well. My name is Carly Harris. I have two kids, Randy and Tess. Randy is ten and Tess is three. Their dad... Well... He left me. Last year. It broke my heart.\" She looked down at her glass, trying not to feel sad while she had company. She looked up at Derek and smiled again. Derek loved her smile. It was like pure beauty, concentrated into one perfect thing. \"You've heard about me, Derek, why don't you tell me about you?\" He smiled nervously and began to panic. What do I say? Do I tell her that I'm sort of failing my job? Do I say that my life is sad, lonely and pathetic? I didn't come here to bring her down with my negativity. \"Well. Uh, I play hockey. Um, you already knew that. I live not far from here. By myself. I had a roommate once, but he was um, well, he cooked very strange food. Gave me food poisoning twice.\" His nervousness made Carly laugh. He smiled, glad that there was no awkwardness. A few hours later, after plenty of good conversation and laughter, Carly went upstairs to say goodnight to her kids. When she came back down, Derek stood up and finished his third glass of wine. \"I should probably go, you know, 'cause your kids are sleeping and it's a school night, and I wouldn't want to wake them.\" Her face fell a little as she walked him to the door. She opened it slowly and Derek walked outside. \"Thanks for tonight,\" Derek said. \"I'd like to do this again sometime.\" They shook hands and Derek walked towards his car. He was halfway there when he heard his name. \"Derek! Wait! My pen!\" Derek stopped and chuckled to himself. He had completely forgotten! He walked back to the house and gave Carly her pen, looking slightly sad as he did so. A look of concern appeared on Carly's face. \"What's wrong?\" she said, her motherly instinct shining through. \"Will we still have a reason to see each other without this pen?\" Derek said, completely serious. Carly's worry broke out into laughter. It took her a while to catch her breath again. \"I'm sure we'll find one.\" She tenderly held her hand to his face. \"I'll call you.\" She promised. He nodded and walked off smiling to his car. At this moment in time, loneliness seemed like a foreign subject to Derek. Finally he felt wanted again. A/N Ok is a 'Tooth Fairy' category going to be made? Lol. Please review. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own anything. Derek Thompson left the ice at the end of the game, disappointed"},{"Movie":"Charlie Bartlett","Title":"I'm Not That Girl","Author":"ElphieThroppDG28","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9474713","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I was requested by TheDoctor to write more of these, and so I wrote another Charlie/reader drabble. This one's a bit on the angsty side, fair warning. She hasn't spoken to him in weeks. It's not a big deal. It's not like he ever noticed her, anyway. Not the way she wanted him to. There are plenty of guys in her class who are much cuter, with their own cars and normal personalities. If she tried, maybe she could get one to like her. But she doesn't want them. She only has eyes for the boy who has a chauffeur and has a near-underground pharmacy in the boys' bathroom. And he's taken. It's not the end of the world, she reasons. Susan Gardner is beautiful, outgoing, and perfect for him. Never mind always being a bit envious of her charm, wishing to look like her, or be brave like she was. Now all she wanted was to shove Susan into a garbage bin every time she walked down the hallway with him, if only to shake his shoulders and say, \"It's not fair!\" It didn't bother her too much, not right away. She figured it was just friendly flirtation, a few kisses here and there, nothing too serious. But she can never erase the memory of him standing in front of the projector screen in his blazer and boxers, his arms outstretched, the most genuine smile she's ever seen on his face, proclaiming, \"My name is Charlie Bartlett, and I am no longer a virgin!\" Here she is, a week later, curled up in her usual corner of the library, furiously trying to erase any shred of affection she used to have for him. She blames Susan Gardner, she blames him, she blames herself - it's tricky to pinpoint who's at fault here. Reading can't get her mind off of her racing thoughts, so she just sits, staring at the words in front of her, not absorbing even one letter, trying not to picture the two of them together doing God knows what - \"Hey.\" She looks up, and there he is, standing awkwardly with his hands in his pockets. She feels her face heat up, the tips of her ears warm. She says nothing, burying her nose further into her book. \"I haven't seen you in a while.\" Her fingers tense, her eyes rushing to find a sentence to read, but the words are nonsense, and her ears pick up every word he's saying. \"You doing alright?\" She nods furiously, getting to her feet. She tries to walk past him, but he catches her arm. \"Do you want to talk about it?\" She's frozen there, unable to move from his grasp. She hates that he has this effect on her; her eyes burn with tears and she desperately wishes to pull away, to jump on her bike and ride home. She will not let him see her cry. He frowns, his thumb brushing a stray tear away. He doesn't say anything else, just leads her outside to his limo. He asks the chauffeur to put her bike near the front, and she numbly climbs in the back seat, not bothering to wear a seat belt. She lays there, staring ahead, as Charlie Bartlett's limo pulls away. … \"You like strawberry, right?\" They're at one of the local parks, sitting on a bench in the shade. Charlie's returned with ice cream cones, the chauffeur standing a few feet away. Charlie hands her one of the cones and takes the seat beside her. \"Thanks.\" She hesitates to start eating, her mind still swimming with what she's going to tell him. \"You ready to talk?\" \"Didn't we agree that I was the one who would listen to you?\" she asks suddenly. He shrugs. \"Well, yeah, but it works the other way, since I've noticed you've been a little down.\" She almost scoffs at that. Since when have you had time to notice that? You've been too busy with Susan. Instead she says, \"Oh?\" \"Yeah. You've been whipping through a ton of library books. Almost every day in English you had a new book.\" She finished books faster when she was upset. She's surprised he's picked that up, and that he actually knew that. She takes a few licks of her ice cream before she says, \"It's a boy.\" \"Ah.\" He crosses his legs. \"Haven't had someone come to me about that in a while.\" \"I didn't come to you. You forced me here.\" \"Same difference.\" He looks at her expectantly. \"So it's about a boy. Is it anyone I'd know?\" \"You know everyone,\" she says, hoping he won't notice her face turning red. \"That's true. And I'm assuming you're going to be a typical girl and not tell me who it is.\" She nods. \"Of course I am.\" \"So what's the problem with this boy of yours? Is he older, younger? On the football team? Too shy to notice you?\" She winces as the ice cream chills her teeth. \"He…he likes someone else.\" \"That just means he can't appreciate the good qualities you have. He's blinded by whomever it is he's after. Is he still single?\" \"No. They're dating.\" \"Oh.\" He blinks, licking from his chocolate cone. \"Well, then. That's a bit more difficult.\" She glances away for a moment, almost smirking at how ironic this entire thing is. \"Do you know him well?\" he asks. \"I wouldn't say I know him extremely well. We're…friends, I suppose.\" \"Hmm. How long has he been dating?\" She shrugs. \"Not too terribly long. I'd say a couple of weeks.\" \"Well…what I'd say is just give it time. Maybe it's just a fling, you don't really know. But make sure to give them space, as well.\" She bites into her cone, unaware that he's studying her. \"Your boy…who's he dating?\" She considers how to word her response. \"A very pretty girl who makes him happy. I guess that's why I'm so sad about it. I know he's better off with her, but…\" \"…you can't help but still want him.\" \"Exactly.\" \"He…he wouldn't happen to be dating Susan Gardner, would he?\" She stops mid-bite, peering at him sideways. She says nothing. \"Were you there last weekend when…?\" He trails off, and realization dawns on his face. \"Oh, shit…\" She shakes her head. \"It's not a big deal, Charlie, really. You don't have to feel bad.\" \"I just don't know what…\" \"Don't pity me, okay? I can take care of myself.\" She finishes her cone and stands, ready to ask the chauffeur for her bike. Charlie says her name, stopping her with his hand on her elbow. He spins her to look at him. \"I…I'm sorry,\" he says. It's the first time since finding out his dad is in prison that she's seen him at a loss for words. \"You shouldn't apologize for me being selfish,\" she says. \"You shouldn't apologize for how you're feeling.\" She looks at him - really looks at him - and she can tell he's conflicted. He's never been in this situation. She pulls him close, wrapping her arms around him, feeling his chin rest on top of her head. \"I really like Susan,\" he says eventually. \"And you're right. She makes me happy. But…I don't want to lose you.\" \"You won't. I'll still be here.\" \"I just wish there was something I could do to help.\" She pulls away, pecking him on the cheek. \"Listening helps more than you'll ever know, Charlie Bartlett.\" ","Summary":" I was requested by TheDoctor to write more of these, and so I wrote another Charlie/reader drabble."},{"Movie":"Charlie Bartlett","Title":"Can I Have a Ride?","Author":"ElphieThroppDG28","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9471034","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was the only road that went from her house to downtown. She dreaded the ride, even with the knowledge that she'd spend a couple of hours in the public library. She always wished they'd put in another road, that someone would build another path. It never happened, and every weekend she found herself riding the dirt road past the town prison. She bites her lip, turning onto Centerpoint Road. It's five minutes on her bike to get to the end, so yshe keeps her eyes ahead on the clouds, holding her breath as she pedals. It's silent as it always is, and she hesitates to turn her head to see what lays beyond the fence topped with barbed wire. Something seems off in her peripheral vision, and she sees that there's a car in front of the gate. No, not a car - a limo. There aren't many limos in town, and she only knows of one person who owns one. But what is he doing here? It could easily be his mother, she reasons. That's enough to make her pull the brake and stop in front of the driver's window. She hesitantly taps on the glass, and he rolls it down. \"Can I help you?\" \"Hello…sir.\" She finds it odd addressing him as such, but continues talking. \"I was wondering if…if Charlie Bartlett is here?\" \"Mister Bartlett is busy at the moment, miss. I suggest you continue on your way.\" \"Oh. Well, alright.\" He must be visiting someone…his father, perhaps? Does he even have a father? \"Thank you.\" The sound of another window rolling down draws her attention to her right. Charlie's head pops out, a bright smile on his face. \"Hey!\" he says. \"You're from school, right?\" She nods and tells him her name. \"We're in English together.\" \"Right, you sit behind me, don't you?\" She nods again. \"You wrote that really nice story. The one about camping? It had a really nice description of a meadow, I remember.\" He gives her a thumbs-up. \"Great job.\" \"Thank you.\" She finds it odd that he'd remember something like that, but shrugs it off. \"Are you visiting someone?\" \"No, we blew a flat and my mom's gone in to ask for help.\" She doesn't need to look at the tires to know he's lying. \"If you say so.\" \"We'll be fine.\" \"Right. I'll see you in school on Monday.\" She gives him a suspicious glance before mounting her bike again. She doesn't make it five yards when she hears her name being called. She brakes and turn around, and there's Charlie jogging toward her. \"If you need to call a tow truck, there's probably a phone inside,\" she says. He takes a few shallow breaths before sighing. \"Can I have a ride?\" She feels her eyes widen. \"Excuse me?\" \"Could you please give me a ride?\" \"You have a limo,\" she points out. \"Not as great as it looks.\" He shrugs. \"Plus I need a ride into town.\" \"For?\" \"Whatever you're going for.\" He unceremoniously stands behind her, his hands on her shoulders and his feet on the back dropouts. He starts to hum to himself, waiting for her to go. \"Charlie Bartlett, I…\" \"…am going to town and I'm coming with.\" He smiles, and she shakes her head, not having the energy - or the words - to tell him to get off. \"So how often do you come here?\" They've been at the library for ten minutes, and she's hunting for a few new books to read. Charlie's trailing behind her, seemingly much more interested in watching her than in the shelves. \"At least once a week. It has a much bigger selection than the one at school.\" She stops, looking at the books in front of her. She quickly scans the call numbers. \"I have to have at least three books out. Sort of a weird quirk I have, I guess.\" \"Why would someone need to read that much?\" \"Um…because it's fun.\" She rolls her eyes. \"Most of us don't have a pharmacy in the boy's bathroom to occupy our time.\" \"That doesn't really answer my question.\" He saunters around the corner, disappearing from sight. She doesn't think much of it, selecting one of the books in front of her. The space behind it is empty, and there's a beautiful green eye looking right at her. She jumps back. \"What the hell are you doing?\" \"Looking at you from a different perspective. That alright?\" \"Why would you need to do that?\" He shrugs. \"Just trying to figure you out.\" \"Why?\" She finds herself getting annoyed. \"It's what I do.\" \"Maybe I don't want you to.\" She grabs another book and walks away. \"Why not?\" \"Because, Charlie, I would rather you keep your nosy little face to yourself.\" He chuckles. \"Nosy? Is that any way to talk to a friend?\" \"You hardly talk to me at school.\" Her voice is louder now, and she's aware of several pairs of eyes on them, but she can't bring herself to care. \"And suddenly you think you're my friend? Just because you can't admit that you were visiting someone in prison?\" He's at a loss for words, and as soon as the words reach her ears, she wishes she could take them back. She hastily checks out her books, leading him outside to the bench on the sidewalk. \"I…I'm sorry.\" He shakes his head. \"You're right, you know.\" \"What?\" \"My dad. He's the one my mom was…\" He pauses. \"I can never go in there and see him. I hate the waiting, and today I needed to get out. I felt like I couldn't breathe.\" \"That's why you wanted to come with me?\" \"Yes. I figured anything was better than thinking about…things.\" She takes a deep breath, letting it out slowly. \"You know, Charlie…it's great what you do for everyone. But…have you ever thought that maybe you would need someone to listen to you?\" \"My problems aren't that important. No one wants to know that Charlie Bartlett's just as screwed up as everyone else.\" \"I do.\" He looks at her, cracking a smile, and she finds herself returning it. ","Summary":" It was the only road that went from her house to downtown. She dreaded the ride, even with the know"},{"Movie":"Charlie Bartlett","Title":"No Such Mercy","Author":"nine miles to go","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5161652","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own anything of Charlie Bartlett. XP Flinch The first time it happens is the third night after his father's release. The Bartlett family settles down for their first meal alone in too many years, and they talk about Charlie's upcoming seventeenth birthday and the wine-tasting tomorrow afternoon and the piano recital Marilyn is performing on Tuesday. It's different, looking across the dinner table and seeing both his parents' smiling faces. It's nice. Marilyn leaves to practice her concerto. It's Charlie's night to manage the dishes, but his father stays to help. \"I hear there's a new lady in your life.\" Charlie grins, but his face still feels too tight for it to be genuine. \"Yeah. Susan Gardner.\" \"She pretty?\" his father asks conspiratorially. Now that he thinks about it, he and his father have never discussed girls before. He left long before Charlie showed any interest. \"Yes,\" Charlie answers simply. \"Can't wait to meet her.\" \"She's coming over tonight to watch a movie,\" Charlie says, surprised that his father doesn't remember. \"Oh, that's right.\" The exchange is innocent and cordial enough that Charlie would never have expected the blow to his face that came only ten minutes later. It is sort of his fault. He mentions that he's quit soccer and when this surprises his father, Charlie mutters that of course he wouldn't know, he's been in prison all these years. One thing leads to another and Charlie is staring incredulously at his father, his cheek throbbing and his heart hammering, the man's fist still clenched at his side. \"What . . .\" Charlie manages, touching his face where the fist connected. He's endured worse, of course, but never from his own father. \"What was that?\" To his credit, the man looks adequately ashamed. The fist unclenches. \"I'm sorry, Chuck.\" Charlie doesn't answer. It's eight-thirty and Susan is supposed to come over in a half hour, but he calls her to cancel. \"Family bonding time?\" she says, a laugh in her voice. Charlie smiles despite himself. \"Yeah, something like that.\" The next day at school when Susan asks about the bruise framing his eye socket, he lies easily and says he slipped in the shower the night before. She is too clever for him. \"But your hair's wet now.\" \"So I have a cleanliness fetish.\" \"Don't they prescribe medication for that sort of behavior?\" she asks, a tiny smirk tugging at her lips. He laughs and when he does he feels suddenly guilty for lying to her about the bruise. She tells him everything—she trusts him, that is, and he trusts her too. But looking into her wide eyes he decides that it's not big enough of a deal for him to worry her over, because it won't happen again. Except that it does. Only not with Charlie this time—he arrives home late from play rehearsal just in time to hear glass shattering and his mother's yelp from the bedroom. A sick feeling sinking in the pit of his stomach, Charlie bounds up the stairs two at a time and swings the door open to see his father beside a smashed up vase and his mother pinned against the wall, unhurt but terrified. \"What the fuck is this?\" Charlie drops his book bag unceremoniously in the open doorframe and stalks toward them. His father only grunts. \"None of your business, kid, and where'd you get that dirty mouth from? Look how he's talking now, bitch,\" he growls at Marilyn. His fist is about to fly up again but Charlie, impulsive as ever, charges him, knocking them both to the carpet. \"Don't you touch her,\" Charlie seethes. \"Charlie, Charlie, it's alright, just leave,\" says his mother. Her voice shakes in trepidation. He looks up at his mother, incredulous, which is just enough time for his father to shove him to the floor. Distantly he hears Marilyn yell again, but it doesn't matter, it doesn't even hurt, and Charlie's already swinging— From the floor his father stares at him, outraged. \"How dare you?\" For the first time in his life, Charlie has no idea what to say. His chin trembles with the words just begging to spill out, but all of them seem inadequate for the situation. They're both at their feet now, and his father's face is two inches from his, spitting into it. \"I'll teach you to pull that shit with me.\" And as he grabs Charlie by his shirt collar and shoves him roughly against the wall, panic swells like a balloon in his chest and the edges of his vision swarm like a dream. He has only felt this sort of crushing fear of death once before in his life, and he suddenly imagines Mr. Gardner drunkenly waving his gun around as if there are no consequences, nothing to live for, and Charlie can't even breathe now because there are hands wrapped around his throat, pushing the life out of him—his mother is screaming, the room is darkening— He hits the floor with a thud, and by the time he's finished gasping, his father has long since left the room and Marilyn is crouching beside him, sobbing over and over, \"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Charlie, I'm sorry . . .\" The morning after is Saturday, the day he and Susan always catch a show at the park's drive-in. Sometime last night Mr. Bartlett left with the car, and by the time Charlie is ready to leave he hasn't returned. Unwilling to cancel his plans with Susan a second time, he uses the old van they keep on the premises for transporting heavier things like paintings and furniture and heads to the Gardner's. In the months following Charlie's initial exposure to the Gardner family, he's grown on them enough that he comes and goes as he pleases, so he never bothers knocking. He steps into the house and hears the music pulsing from Susan's bedroom. Knowing she'll be down within the minute, he shuffles awkwardly in the foyer. He jumps when the hand clamps on his shoulder. \"Someone's skittish today.\" Charlie winces, then turns to look at Mr. Gardner. \"Evening, sir,\" he says. Mr. Gardner rolls his eyes at the \"sir,\" knowing Charlie only uses it to tweak him. His eyes flicker at the bruise on Charlie's face that hasn't quite faded yet, but he doesn't mention it. \"So what's playing tonight?\" he asks instead. \"Casablanca, I think.\" \"Nice threads,\" Mr. Gardner comments, raising an eyebrow. \"New look?\" Charlie looks down as if to regard his black turtleneck. \"It's all the rage, don't you know? Girls love it.\" \"Yeah, Dad,\" Susan chimes in, although it's clear by her judgmental eyebrow that she's less than thrilled by the ensemble. \"Thick lumps of fabric are total turn-ons.\" Charlie only grins cheekily at her. She's beautiful, as always. She returns the grin and he feels as if all his worries fell on the doorstep like heavy baggage after a long flight. When she wraps her arms around his shoulders he doesn't even flinch, even though she's squeezing the new bruises and it twinges painfully. Mr. Gardner clears his throat. \"Should I be copying the license number of the nondescript white van you've mysteriously pulled up in?\" he asks, peering out the window. \"My—\" He's about to say \"my dad,\" but something stops him. \"I had to take the other car.\" \"Ah.\" Mr. Gardner continues to stare at the van, though, and Charlie almost laughs out loud when he realizes that the man is, in fact, memorizing the tags. \"Well, you two kids have . . . fun. But not too much fun. Just—\" He raises a hand and awkwardly pats Charlie on the back. \"Have her back by midnight, Chuck.\" Mr. Gardner doesn't realize that it's the nickname that makes Charlie's fingers twitch. Before the man can think about it, Charlie salutes him in his usual obnoxious manner, chirping, \"Yes, sir.\" During the movie Susan's hands wander to his neck, fingering the collar of his shirt. Without tearing his eyes away from the screen he gently takes her hands and sets them back down to her lap. \"What?\" she whispers. In the faint glow of Humphrey Bogart he sees Susan's wide, dark eyes scrutinizing him in confusion, her hands wringing as if she has done something wrong. He leans in and kisses her, and as they edge their way to the backseat Charlie figures that it doesn't matter that they're doing this only halfway through the movie, he's seen Casablanca enough times to know how it ends. Charlie stops sleeping. His room is three doors away from his parents', a substantial distance considering the size of the house, but his ears are still sensitive to the sound of thumps and yells at night. The moment he hears the first blows he tears down the hallway and swings the door open—usually he finds himself the worse for wear when it's all over, but it's better than lying in bed, listening helplessly as he hurts her. This pattern repeats for a week, until one night the door is locked and he can't fight his way in. He finds out later that it was Marilyn who kept him out; his father didn't mind him barging in, it only meant he had one more person to hurt. Charlie pounds and pounds at the door that night, screaming profanities so vulgar they'd never even crossed his subconscious before, but the wood won't give in to his fist. Eventually his father opens the door, his frame menacing in the shadowed hall, and when Charlie perceives the glint of something metallic in the darkness his heart catches in his throat. \"You make another peep, Chuck, and I will not hesitate to use this.\" \"Go ahead,\" Charlie rasps with a confidence he does not truly possess. His father holds the knife chest-level and leans close enough that the stench of alcohol is overpowering. \"I could kill you.\" Charlie takes a ragged breath of fear, his chest rising against his will, exposing itself to the weapon. His mother sobs his name again and he pretends not to hear, standing his ground. \"You wouldn't.\" With his free hand his father pins his arm to the wall. Charlie is too struck with awe and horror to move as he glides the knife down his upper arm with surprisingly graceful precision. He stares transfixed as the line of cut flesh starts to redden and drip down his arm, and stifling pain sears his skin. \"Maybe not,\" his father says expressionlessly. He lets go of Charlie's arm and Charlie stumbles forward, clutching at his sticky blood and dirtying his palm with it. \"Next time you try and raise hell like that, she's the one to get cut, understand?\" Then the door slams in his face. Charlie stays home from school the next day. It's alright, because by seven o'clock the house is empty, with Marilyn out for a tennis tournament and his father out God-only-knew-where. So nobody even questions him when wakes up, takes a look at the splatter of his blood on the mattress, and decides to shut his eyes and drift back into an uneasy sleep. Around noon he's startled awake by his cell phone. He grapples for it on the nightstand and presses it against his cheek without even checking the caller ID. \"Hello?\" he asks blearily, the word like a wad of cotton in his mouth. \"You sick?\" It's Susan. He blinks away the sleep and sits upright on his bed, a wave of nausea hitting him as he sees the stain again. \"I mean, you sound sick. Did I wake you up?\" \"No, no, it's fine, I'm fine,\" Charlie babbles with the grace of a turkey. \"Aren't you at school?\" \"Lunch,\" she explains. He can hear the pandemonium of the cafeteria in the background for a moment, then the sound of a door shutting, and then quiet. Susan's voice is low. \"Something's up, Charlie. What is it?\" He opens his mouth, reeling for some sort of excuse—usually he lies easily and often. It's in his nature. But Charlie's not so sure of himself anymore. \"What's wrong?\" she tries again, sounding genuinely concerned. His throat thickens. He hates to worry her. \"Nothing's up,\" he says lamely. The worst reply of all, because \"nothing\" always, always means something. \"Charlie,\" she says sharply. \"I'm not stupid, and I know you well enough to know that something is majorly wrong with you right now. Please, give me a little more credit.\" She's right, of course. He shouldn't lie to her, because they both know that they'll love each other no matter what happens and all the sort of fairy tale promises Charlie thought were only real in drive-in movies. But he hates to burden her with his problems, when it's his fault that he gets hurt, because he keeps antagonizing the man when he really ought to know better by now . . . And a tiny part of him is afraid that even if he and Susan have a fairy tale sort of love, it could dissolve as easily as his parents' did, without any warning at all. \"You trust me.\" It's a statement, but he hears the doubt behind the words and understands that she expects reassurance. It almost hurts him more than the throbbing in his arm. \"Of course. Always.\" She's silent for a while, her unsaid, Then why won't you just tell me? hovering in the space between them. \"Talk to me,\" she pleads. It's enough to snap Charlie out of his guilt. \"I will. Tonight. I'll come over tonight,\" he says thoughtlessly. \"You promise?\" She has never asked him for a promise before; she's never needed to. He says it to assure her, but he's afraid that it comes out sounding wrong and stuck to the roof of his mouth. \"I promise.\" The school bell rings—he can hear it through the phone line. Susan clears her throat. \"I'd better go. See you tonight, then.\" He nods and hangs up, forgetting that she can't see him. For a long moment he stares at the phone in his still-bloodied palm. Then he lays back on the mattress, the impact of the night before hitting like a freight train. How can he possibly tell Susan? \"Fuck,\" he yells at the ceiling, knowing that nobody will hear. The fighting starts at dinner. It's just Charlie and his father, and it's tense and uncomfortable, and after that Charlie can't really remember what happened . . . he only remembers regaining consciousness on the hardwood floor, surprised that the windows are dark with night. His phone's ringing. He realizes that it's what roused him, and answers it, knowing instinctively who it is. \"Where are you?\" Susan demands before he even manages to form a coherent word. \"Sorry. Sorry, sorry,\" he stammers. God, his head smarts something awful. \"What's wrong?\" \"I'll be there in a few minutes.\" \"Charlie, what's the matter?\" \"What time is it?\" \" What? \" she nearly laughs. He sees the clock. It's past midnight. Shakily he grabs the wall for support and hoists himself upward. It takes some real effort, but he manages. \"God, I've been calling for hours, do you have any idea how worried I've been? I expected you by at least ten o'clock, I kept thinking you'd gotten into a car accident or some shit like that, I've been out of my freaking mind. Where have you been ?\" He holds the phone away from his ear so she can't hear how winded he is. \"Charlie!\" \"I—I didn't forget, Susan, I'm heading over right now, I'm sorry. Everything's okay. Don't worry,\" he says almost too easily, his voice syrupy. She catches him. \"I don't believe you. Get over here.\" He rubs at the relentless pounding in his head. \"Okay,\" he complies. \"Charlie?\" \"Yeah?\" There's a beat of silence, and she says, \"I love you.\" Without hesitating, he answers, \"I love you, too.\" Charlie has made more than a few dumb moves in the past month, but he is smart enough to know that he's in no condition to drive, and calls for a taxi. The balding, middle-aged driver is silent until they're halfway to the Gardners. \"Who worked one over on you?\" he says, studying his face through the rearview mirror. \"My dad.\" It's weird that he's admitting this to a taxi driver, especially after all his extensive efforts to hide it from everyone else in his life, but somehow the words escape him and he feels a tiny bit of weight lifted from his shoulders. \"You got someplace you can go, right, kid?\" \"Yeah.\" His voice sounds distant and hollow, even to himself. \"Take a left here.\" They're silent for the rest of the ride, until Charlie gets out of the car and the man gives him a meaningful look and tells him he's sure everything will turn out okay. Charlie smiles, hands him the wad of cash, and says thanks, and keep the change. He sneaks in through her window. Admittedly juvenile and more than a little cliché, but he doesn't want to wake up Mr. Gardner. In his experience situations only worsen tenfold when an adult is involved. She's sitting by the window with a book in her hands, and when she hears him rustling outside she peers her head out to make sure it's him and backs away from the ledge so he has room to get inside. It's dark in the room when he manages to climb through, but all at once she flicks the light on. \"Shit,\" Charlie blurts, his eyes temporarily seared by the brightness. \"Oh, God .\" Charlie blinks enough times to adjust to the room and then looks up at Susan. He's never seen her in her pajamas, barefoot and hair pulled back into a loose ponytail, and it would be sort of nice if she were not looking at him with such palpable horror. She takes a step forward, her eyes wider than he's ever seen him, and raises her hand to touch his face. He wills himself not to flinch. \"Charlie.\" It's difficult to look at her, because it feels like a confession to meet her eye. He doesn't know what he looks like now, but judging on her reaction it must be bad, and he feels sort of wobbly watching her eyes well up. He averts his gaze to the floor and her hand drops from his cheek. \"Who did this to you?\" Before this it had not occurred to him to cry, but to his horror he feels his chest seizing with emotion against his will. He shakes his head, afraid to speak, afraid that he'll mangle the words with the grief and fear and pain he hasn't let himself feel all this time. She guides him to the bed and they sit together, and Charlie stares listlessly and tries for the life of him to suppress the thoughts that are building on each other, weighing him down. Every time he gets some semblance of control over himself another wave of disbelief crashes over him, and he thinks he'll have to give into it eventually—it's like swallowing a rock or drowning in a puddle, it's like nothing Charlie's ever felt before, but he can't possibly cry in front of Susan. He can't do that to her, not when she's already worried enough. \"Who did this to you?\" she repeats with a different sort of urgency, compelling him to look at her. He doesn't. He won't. \"Your dad?\" He's shaking. \"Yeah.\" His voice wavers and he hates himself for it. She grabs at his arm and sees the long, straight line of the cut he haphazardly cleaned this morning. \"This?\" she asks, and he nods. \"And . . . those bruises, all those bruises you've gotten, you've been lying to me about all of them, haven't you?\" A shudder runs through him. \"I'm sorry.\" \"No, don't be sorry—Charlie . . .\" She wraps her hand around the back of his head, leaning him into her shoulder, embracing him with her other arm so that it's like she's the only thing still holding him together. He squeezes his eyes shut against the tears, but she already knows and she's murmuring something to him that he's too unfocused to understand. She runs her fingers through his hair and he tilts toward her. A sob wracks his body, and she presses herself closer to him and this time he hears her saying, \"You're going to be fine, you'll stay here for awhile, we can fix this, we can fix this, Charlie.\" He wants to believe her, so he lets himself believe, and she lets him cry until they're both exhausted and fall back against the bed, asleep. When the door opens it slams against Susan's wall, and the pair of them wake up gasping from the shock of it. \"What is this ?\" Mr. Gardner rounds on them, his frame overpowering in the doorway. He is absolutely livid. \"Jesus, Dad,\" Susan gasps, snapping up from the bed like a whip. \"Ever heard of knocking?\" \"Do not test me right now! Susan Elizabeth Gardner, this is completely unacceptable—there are rules in this house, and I thought it was more than clear that boys are never allowed in here with the door closed, let alone all night—what the hell have you two been doing?\" \"Dad!\" \"Mr. Gardner—\" \"Shut it, Chuck!\" he says mercilessly without so much as looking over at Charlie. \"Susan, I expected more from you—\" \"Would you just listen— you've got it all wrong—\" Susan yells over her father's ranting to no avail. Mr. Gardner won't hear any of it, near shaking with fury. \"What were you thinking ?\" he demands, and Susan flinches, opening her mouth to retort. Charlie beats her to it. \"I'm sorry, Mr. Gardner, it was my fault—\" \"Damn right it's your fault.\" He shifts to Charlie, who clambers to his feet. His dark eyes regard Charlie in disgust. \"I trusted you, Chuck.\" \"You're being ridiculous, Charlie had nothing to do with it, I asked him over here because—\" \"I trusted you with my daughter after all the shit you pulled last year and you do this to repay me?\" Charlie doesn't even react, stricken under Mr. Gardner's blazing glare. He can't look away. \"I'm sorry,\" he mumbles, but Mr. Gardner doesn't even hear it, and Susan is yelling and grabbing at her father's arm, but he's much stronger than she is and his hands seize Charlie's shoulders roughly and shake him. It stings and Charlie can't help the sharp intake of breath that escapes him. \"As if you haven't fucked things up enough, Chuck—you don't even care what this could do to her, her whole future , can you even imagine? God, I thought you knew better, I thought I could trust you with her—\" Susan's shrieking finally overpowers them both. \"You're hurting him!\" The words rip through the air and Mr. Gardner releases him at once, as if the fabric of Charlie's shirt has burned him. Charlie stumbles back, his knees nearly buckling against the mattress. The cut on his arm is open again, staining his sleeve, and Mr. Gardner stares at the red blotch, transfixed. Charlie feels the shame rising into his cheeks and bolts for the door before Mr. Gardner sees. \"He needs help , Dad,\" Susan says, her voice cracking from overuse. His hand is on the knob and he turns it desperately, fear catching in his throat when the door doesn't immediately open. \"That's why he's here, you got it all wrong—\" \"Chuck!\" But Charlie is already running the length of the hall, down the stairs, through the front door—he hears it slam behind him and doesn't even look back, not even when he hears Mr. Gardner call his name a second time and a third. He keeps sprinting like a man possessed, the air tearing at his lungs, his feet pounding against the pavement, away from Mr. Gardner and away from last night when he confessed and made the nightmare real. He's not stupid enough to go home. For a while he wanders around a wooded area in the park, trying to ignore the persistent ringing of his cell phone in his pocket. It's Susan, he knows without looking. The fifth time she calls he picks up, feeling guilty and rash for running out on her. \"Susan—\" \"Where are you?\" He almost tells her, but thinks better of it. \"I'm okay. I'm safe, alright? I'll see you tomorrow,\" he says instead, keeping his voice as calm and reassuring as he can. It almost helps, trying to take control of the situation. If he twists it the right way in his mind he can imagine that it's Susan who needs help and not him. \"Charlie!\" He severs the connection with a world-weary sigh. At first he considers taking refuge at Kip's or Murphy's, but Kip is already fragile enough as it is and he would only make Murphy feel awkward showing up at his place. So he wastes most of the afternoon away sitting in the parking lot of an abandoned gas station, on a road nobody bothers driving up anymore. When it gets warmer he finds a shady tree and unintentionally nods off—by the time he wakes up again it's nearly seven o'clock at night, and there are two new voicemails on his phone. Without listening to them he stands up groggily, stretching out the knots in his limbs and dusting the dirt off his pants. The walk to his house only takes about fifteen minutes. He opens the door and his phone rings again, blaring through the empty hall. \"Chuck?\" The door is still open. He knows he can just creep out of it again as if he were never here, but in the moment he hesitates the foyer light flicks on, exposing him. His eyes close in exasperation. \"Where've you been?\" \"Out,\" says Charlie tersely, heading for the stairs. His father jerks the collar of his shirt back before he reaches them. His muddy sneakers skid backward but he doesn't topple, his fall halted when he thuds against the man's chest. \"Out? Out where ?\" The phone stops ringing. When Charlie turns around and sees his father leering at him, he thinks about the look in Mr. Gardner's eyes this morning— you're hurting him!— and knows he'll receive no such mercy here. It's hopeless. Nothing he does now will make it any better. \"None of your business.\" Charlie's voice is even and smooth like the railing of the banister he's clutching. In an instant he's sprawling on the floor and bright patches are skittering in front of his eyes. His head feels like it's been split in two—he's taken too many blows in the past few days to shake this one off, and he stares dumbfounded up at the high-arched ceiling before his father's red, drunken face swims in his vision. \"Try using that big mouth of yours again, Chuck.\" \"Fuck you,\" Charlie says thickly, and even though his temples sting with effort it satisfies him enough that a goofy, mindless grin stretches across his face. With a resounding smack! his father whales him again. \"Ungrateful son of a bitch,\" he spits, punctuating the last word with a kick to Charlie's stomach. \"I give you everything you ever need—this house you live in, the clothes you're wearing, those therapists you whine your whole fucking life away to—\" Charlie curls himself against the blows, clutching his abdomen. \"—and you talk that sort of shit to me after all I've done for you?\" \"Bull,\" Charlie splutters, and blood dribbles out of his mouth. \"You've done nothing, you were never there . . .\" His father drags him roughly to his feet so that they're eye-to-eye. \"I did what I had to do for this family . Don't you understand? It was me or the bitch and I took the blame—\" \"You don't call her that!\" Charlie screams. \" I'm the one who held your precious little life together so you could get kicked out of every damn school in the state .\" He drops Charlie again and his body knocks unceremoniously against the hardwood floor. \"And you, you didn't even visit me, you didn't even give a fuck about what happened to me—\" \"No.\" Charlie's ears are ringing over the sound of his father's yells. The front door—God, it's only a few feet away, but he doesn't think he can get up. The helplessness is more degrading than the pain. He's better than this, he's wormed his way out of situations much more complicated, and this is so simple, so easy, he can't fathom why he didn't think of it before. He finds his phone and makes a show of hitting three buttons, and his father freezes, transfixed. \"I'll call the police,\" Charlie rasps. Panic flickers in the man's eyes. Charlie recognizes it because he's seen it before, in all sorts of faces, in hallways, in church, at the grocery store . . . Charlie knows. In actuality the three numbers he's dialed are nowhere near 911, but he presses his shaking finger against the \"call\" button anyway, just daring his father to make another move. \"I'll do it,\" he says for emphasis, propping himself up on his elbows. His father turns his back on him. \"Get the fuck out.\" Charlie is more than happy to oblige. He sits slumped on a swing in the abandoned park, his head leaning against the cold metal chain. It's pitch dark outside and he hasn't seen a soul for hours. He's not entirely sure how he got here or if he's even awake—the edges of his vision are cloudy and he sees everything through a thin film, and it reminds him of opening his eyes under water until they're raw and red and impaired. \" It's me .\" His mother's voice is so familiar that it's all the introduction she needs to offer. \" Listen, Charlie, I need you to leave the house. The police are coming to arrest your father; I made the call a couple of minutes ago, and . . . it would be best if you weren't there. Maybe if you stayed with Susan . . . \" She sighs, her tears audible miles away. \" I don't want you to worry, honey. Just stay safe .\" When Charlie finishes listening to the voicemail, left just before he walked into the house, he pulls the phone away from his ear. It's sticky with his blood and the text on the screen reads \"2 New Voicemails.\" \" Damn it, I've been calling all day—where have you been? I checked the school, the park, I even went to Murphy's—God, please tell me you didn't go home. Call me back, Charlie .\" Susan pauses and Charlie hears someone murmuring in the background. Mr. Gardner, he realizes. Then Susan repeats, \" Call me back as soon as you get this .\" His thoughts are so distant that he can't even remember which speed dial is Susan's number. He closes his eyes and holds a hand to his head as if he can contain it and somehow regain his lost composure, but it's gone, and he lolls mindlessly against the chains of the swing and lets the wind nudge him forward. The next voicemail plays automatically. \" Chuck . . . come on back. I'm sorry about this morning. I didn't know. \" Charlie's so surprised to hear Mr. Gardner's voice projecting from his phone that his eyes widen comically. \" Susan's worried ,\" he says gruffly, and that's the end of the message. The phone slips out of Charlie's grasp and hits the gravel with a clink. He ignores it, burying his head in his knees, trying uselessly to quell the persistent throbbing. Time passes in chopped intervals, and it may have been hours and it may have been minutes that he sits there alone before a hand gently touches his shoulder and nudged him. He doesn't move. It doesn't even occur to him. \"Chuck?\" It's Mr. Gardner, and he sounds concerned. \"Stop calling me that,\" Charlie mumbles, his tongue too spongy for coherency. Mr. Gardner doesn't reply and Charlie can only assume it's because he didn't understand the garble. Charlie barely raises his eyes to look at the man. He's crouching in front of the swing, his dark eyes searching Charlie apprehensively in the dark. \"Are you alright?\" he asks softly, as if Charlie's some sort of wounded animal and not a teenage boy. The answer is obvious. No, he's not alright. How can he by any means be 'alright' when every part of him aches and stings and he's not even sure whether or not this is an elaborate hallucination? Mr. Gardner retrieves the phone from the gravel. \"This yours?\" Charlie nods and the pain in his head jolts unpleasantly. \"You haven't been answering any of our calls.\" He's only slightly accusatory, but gentle about it. Charlie wants to tell him that he doesn't deserve his sympathy, that he should just leave him alone and stop trying to poke around in his business, but Charlie can't help but feel relieved that Mr. Gardner is here because at least that means someone can tell him what to do. \"Where've you been all day?\" \"I'm sorry,\" says Charlie. It seems like that's all he ever hears and says these days. Mr. Gardner shifts uncomfortably. \"No, I'm sorry.\" He clears his throat. \"I was out of line this morning. I should have realized that you wouldn't . . .\" After a moment of indecision, he says, \"I should have known you knew better than that, both of you. I should have realized something was wrong.\" \"Not your fault,\" Charlie mumbles. \"Susan says your dad's been hurting you.\" Leave it to Mr. Gardner to be as blunt as possible. Charlie would laugh but he can't muster the strength just now. \"Why didn't you tell me?\" For reasons he cannot fathom, Charlie actually feels sort of bad for keeping this from Mr. Gardner. In retrospect it seems stupid of him not to go to the man in the first place. \"I couldn't.\" \"You should have.\" He reaches out to touch Charlie's hand and Charlie jerks back, but not before Mr. Gardner has felt the stickiness of it. The older man inhales sharply and Charlie wishes he could melt into the swing set. Even though it's too dark to see him clearly Charlie can almost imagine the incredulity in Mr. Gardner's expression. \"Are you bleeding?\" Charlie bites his lip, his cheeks flooding with embarrassment. When he feels Mr. Gardner's hand probing his forehead he flinches again and can't help but gasp, nearly knocking himself off the swing in the process. \"Don't,\" says Charlie. \"Jesus, kid, what happened?\" \"It was my fault.\" Charlie's voice breaks. \"I shouldn't have . . .\" Mr. Gardner lets loose a few choice words that would make Susan blush. \"Where's that blood coming from?\" he demands. \"Various places,\" Charlie answers, mostly to be a smartass. He even manages a small smirk, but then Mr. Gardner's firm hands are under his arms and propping him up from the swing. \"What—\" he splutters. \"I'm driving you to the hospital.\" \"You can't do that,\" says Charlie automatically. \"Hell if I can.\" \"No, really—\" Charlie tries to struggle but his limbs aren't quite agreeing with him and he pitches forward, his knees buckling. Mr. Gardner catches him and they're close enough that Charlie can see the alarm in his face. \"Can you walk?\" \"Yeah, just . . . hold on, I got it.\" But he doesn't. The instant Mr. Gardner lets him go he stands in place for a moment, and then everything around him is swirling and pitch-dark at the edges and he feels himself fall. \"Charlie,\" Mr. Gardner exclaims, and that's the last thing he hears for a long time. It's not entirely a surprise when he wakes up in the hospital. The room is empty but he sees his mother's purse and Susan's backpack hung up on chairs. He's sort of relieved that he wakes up alone, though, because it takes a while for him to absorb everything—the bandages on his head and his chest, the sling around his arm, Susan's cell phone next to his bed that reads 5:11pm. As he's trying to work out how long he's been out for he sees Mr. Gardner stop in his tracks in the outside hallway. He walks in with a cup of coffee and sits down, considering Charlie. \"Should I get Marilyn?\" Charlie swallows. \"No, not yet.\" \"You feeling \"Dandy,\" Charlie answers with a wry smile. He sobers and says, \"Hey, thanks, for, uh . . .\" Mr. Gardner nods, and that's that. \"So what happened?\" Charlie asks apprehensively. The man raises his eyebrows in question, then understands. \"Your father was arrested last night. An hour or so before I found you.\" Charlie digests this for a moment, staring absently at the white sheets. Then he looks back up at Mr. Gardner. \"How'd you know where I was?\" \"No clue. I wouldn't let Susan leave the house and she was so worried that I just went and looked for you myself. That's the park you two see those movies in, right?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Thought I'd check. Good thing I did.\" Charlie takes a deep breath. \"So what now,\" he says, more to himself than to Mr. Gardner. \"I talked with your mother.\" Mr. Gardner says this carefully, checking Charlie's reaction, but Charlie just stares back. \"She thinks it would be best if you stayed with us for awhile. Just so she can take care of everything.\" \"You don't mind?\" Charlie doesn't mean to sound as pathetic as he does, but once the words are in the air he can't take them back. Mr. Gardner seems surprised. \"No, I don't mind.\" Then he raises his eyebrows. \"But you're staying in the guestroom, and that's where I expect to find you every morning. Alone .\" Charlie smirks. \"Yes, sir.\" This time when Mr. Gardner touches his hand he doesn't flinch away. Aaaaaand that's all, folks. :D ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own anything of Charlie Bartlett. XP Flinch The first time it happens is the th"},{"Movie":"Charlie Bartlett","Title":"Kissed You Good Night","Author":"GreenEyedDanger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8335982","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: this is just loosely based on the song by Gloriana, which of course stared the wonderful actors and real life couple that portray these characters. I own nothing, unless my love for Tyler, Megan, Murphy, and Whitney is solely my possession, and I'm fairly sure it's not. Whitney stared at Murphy's back as he leaned over his pack on their bed. She allowed the doorjamb to support her weight as she wrapped her arms around herself. She couldn't bear watching this, but she couldn't take her eyes off him, either. Most days, she couldn't believe he was the same boy she'd met in school. He was so different, and yet, he was still her Murphy. He was tough. He was strong. After tonight, she didn't know if she'd ever see him again. Neither of them spoke as she watched him zipping his bag up. Murphy didn't think he could turn around and look at Whitney; he knew there'd be so much pain in her face, and he couldn't stand seeing that, knowing it was his fault. He owed so much to her. In school, he'd been on a bad path, and it had been Whitney that made him change. She hadn't asked him to, but from the first day he'd seen her face, he knew she was worth anything. He never thought a girl like Whitney would even speak to him. But she had. And here he was, about to walk out the front door into the unknown. And he was leaving her behind. He turned, and Whitney looked him square in the eye. She had promised herself that she wouldn't cry tonight, but she could already feel the sting of tears threatening to come. Murphy looked the part of the hero in her mind, a far cry from the mohawk-sporting bully she'd thought he'd been before. But she had come to know his sensitive side, and she didn't think she could bear to even let him leave this room. How had it come to this? How was her sweet man going to go off to do such an ugly thing? Would his fear keep him alive? Would he be resorting back to the person he'd been before they'd fallen in love? When Whitney's eyes found his, Murphy looked to the ground. He could just see her painted toenails sticking out below the hem of her long white dress. In the brief moment he saw her face though, he knew he'd been right. It was so hard to see that sweet girl in pain. She'd finally settled down, and now he was wishing he'd never made her. He was sure she'd be happier with other people... people who weren't leaving. He picked up his pack and slung it over his shoulder. Whitney stood her ground against the door frame. They'd not been able to sleep this night, and dawn would be here soon. She was tired and terrified, and didn't know what to do. But as Murphy walked past her and headed to the front door, she fell into step behind him. She was regretting the day they'd had this talk, and she agreed that it was the best way for him. For them. But they hadn't foreseen this day. They had been naive. Murphy but his hand on the doorknob and opened the front door. The cool autumn air rushed past him, causing Whitney's blonde hair to flutter around her face for a few moments. She was so beautiful, and he wanted to kiss her. But he knew... he knew that if he did, he wouldn't be able to let her go. And that just wouldn't do. Pulling her sweater tighter around her arms, Whitney held back from doing the one thing she wanted to do more than anything. To throw her arms around his neck and kiss him and beg him not to go. But she knew it wouldn't do either of them any good; she knew it would only hurt more in the end. She thought for a moment, and then whispered, \"Good luck.\" He'd barely heard her, but he nodded. Murphy knew they were both just trying to distance themselves from the emotions of the situation. But they were acting like strangers. He took a deep, bracing breath and stepped out the door, closing it behind him. His shoulders slumped as he headed down the front path. As soon as the door shut in her face, Whitney let out a quiet sob. She spent a moment steadying herself, then slowly began to climb the stairs to the living room... where she'd spend the next several months wondering if he was still living. Falling asleep on the couch, waking at the slightest sound, a feeling of dread pouncing on her every time the phone or the doorbell rang. She walked to the window, staring down at Murphy throwing his back in the back of his truck. Murphy climbing into his truck and started the engine. He looked back at the house he'd spent these last few years with the girl of his dreams. It looked still. He took the parking brake off, but he couldn't work up to putting the car in drive. Instead, he gripped the wheel tightly and rested his forehead against it. They hadn't even said goodbye. The worst night of his life, and he hadn't even said goodbye to the one person he loved more than anything. No, he was just being stupid. They'd write letters. They'd say all the things it had been too hard to say tonight. This was the worst night of Whitney's life, without doubt. Her boyfriend of five years, the man she'd grown to care for in a way she didn't even think it was possible to care, had just walked out the door and they hadn't said more than three words to each other since midnight. She'd just watched him pack up his things. Now he was about to drive off. Possibly forever. Murphy turned his headlights on, but still, his truck stayed in park. He knew this was wrong. What was the point of being in love if you're going to be afraid of the harder parts? In that moment, Murphy made up his mind. If he was never going to see this girl again... he opened his door, leaving his key in the ignition, and ran up that walkway. Whitney saw Murphy's door open again. She wondered if something had happened... if the fates had killed his truck to keep him here. Somehow, her mind put everything together in less than a second, and she turned away from the window, and ran down the stairs again. The door burst open just as Murphy was reaching for the knob. Standing in front of him, Whitney looked the way he felt. He leaned in and kissed her hard, pulling her against him. He didn't care anymore that this would make it harder for him to leave. In this second, this minute, this lifetime... he just knew he had to be with her. Pulling Murphy back inside with her, Whitney both did and didn't regret this kiss. She knew she had to let him go. She knew he had his duty to his country, and no matter how it broke both of their hearts, he'd be gone in a few minutes. Because the Murphy she'd come to know was an honest, responsible man who did what was right. But she could feel it in her heart that he'd be back, that this wasn't really goodbye, and that this was the right choice in the moment. Murphy pulled away from Whitney now, looking down at her flushed face. \"When I get home, Whitney Drummond,\" he told her, \"I'm going to marry you.\" Whitney smiled up at him. \"You'd better, Murphy Bivens.\" Murphy pressed his lips against Whitney's forehead, then turned and headed back out to his truck. This time he had no problem putting it in drive. He pressed briefly on the horn, not wanting to wake the neighbors at this hour, as a goodbye and see you soon. It had been a good night after all, Whitney mused, as she stared down the street until Murphy's tail lights disappeared. Then she shut the door and headed back to their bedroom to finally get some sleep. She crawled into his side of the bed, and buried her head deep in his pillow, pulling the blankets up around her chin. She was surrounded by his smell. He'd be back in a little under a year, and she'd be his wife. Whitney quickly fell into an easy sleep, not knowing she'd seen her soulmate for the last time. ","Summary":" A/N: this is just loosely based on the song by Gloriana, which of course stared the wonderful actor"},{"Movie":"Charlie Bartlett","Title":"Did You Think You Could Just Walk Away?","Author":"Wolf Maid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4657443","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: So you had to know this was coming, given that it's, y'know, me. Charlie/Nathan, set six years after the movie. Charlie comes to see Nathan. And yes, the title is from Cat Steven's \"Last Love Song.\" And no, I don't know why Cat Steven and Charlie Bartlett have become intrinsically linked in my mind. …X… … Did You Think You Could Just Walk Away? … …X… It's been six years since they last saw each other—Charlie's soft apology, his failed attempt to part at least friends with Susan after their big blow out fight still seems like yesterday, except they both look older, Nathan with a touch of gray, and conversation is harder than it used to be, which is saying something. \"Hi,\" Nathan says, breaking the ice in what he hopes is an amicable way when all he really wants to say is 'what the hell are you doing on my doorstep?' \"Hey, Mr. Gardner, it's me, Charlie—\" \"Bartlett,\" Nathan finishes grudgingly. \"Yeah, I remember.\" \"I'm not looking for Susan,\" Charlie cuts in, which makes Nathan frown, because while he hadn't asked that he had assumed it, and what is the kid (well, not kid, man) doing on his doorstep? \"Okay,\" Nathan says, instead of what he wants to. \"Can…I come in?\" Charlie presses, and with a raised eyebrow Nathan silently steps to the side. The house is…different. Different colors, different furniture—as if he'd made a conscious decision to try to remove any trace of the past. \"I like what you've done with the place,\" Charlie offers. He's never been all that keen on looking back. He walks down the hallway he used to frequent, out the backdoor. Nathan knows where he's going but follows numbly behind anyway. \"What are you doing here, Chuck?\" he asks, voice soft, when they're both out there on the cement. Charlie glances down at Nathan's bare feet and then turns so he's facing the swimming pool, his back to the other man. \"I couldn't… I don't know. I had to make sure you were all right, were…\" he trails off, the sentence unfinished except it's hanging there between them and they both know what it means. \"What are you doing here?\" Nathan repeats, and his eyes are almost scared but he has to make him say it, has to hear it— \"You do remember, don't you?\" Charlie asks, and now Nathan wishes he could see his face, see what he's thinking, why he's bringing this up— \"I remember,\" he says, the admission equally soft and heavy on the chill morning air. \"Then you know why I'm here,\" Charlie says, finally turning to look at the man behind him, the man that's crossing his arms and shaking his head in silent denial— \"It didn't mean anything,\" Nathan says, and for a moment both of them can almost believe him. \"You shouldn't have come, Chuck,\" Nathan whispers, and Charlie feels his chin tilt up in irritation. \"I know what you're doing, I know that you're trying to distance me,\" he spits, and Nathan's jaw clenches. \"Why don't you say my name?\" \"Chuck—\" Nathan starts, voice edging towards desperation, except Charlie interrupts, stepping closer to the man in front of him. \"Say my name, Nathan,\" he whispers, surprising himself at his own boldness, and Nathan can't look at him, can't look away, can't do anything to make him stop . \" Charlie ,\" Nathan breathes, giving in to the pressure, to the temptation—\"You shouldn't have come.\" \"Do you know how long it's been?\" Charlie presses, and Nathan looks away, feeling the soft nudge of bitterness creeping in. \"Charlie,\" he sighs, and the way the name rolls so easily off his tongue makes both of them pause for a moment. \"I had to see,\" Charlie finally continues, and he could reach out and touch the man in front of him but instead he stops, waiting. \"That was a long time ago,\" Nathan says, and when Charlie opens his mouth to spit out some stupid BS Nathan rounds on him. \"Damnit, Charlie, you were seventeen! Seventeen and I was your fucking teacher! \" \"Nothing happened,\" Charlie reminds him softly, gently, always a little intimidated by the fury this man wears just below his skin. Nathan scrubs his face with his hands. \"You should go,\" he says, but Charlie doesn't appear to be listening because he's moving closer instead of away and he's resting one hand on Nathan's hip and the other on Nathan's waist and looking up into Nathan's face with wide-eyed innocence. \"You don't want me to go,\" he's saying, lips twisting up into his old, familiar smirk, and Nathan lets his crossed arms fall away from his chest as he takes a step backwards, breaking contact. \"Susan—\" he starts weakly, but Charlie is already moving forward to close the distance. \"Susan's been suspecting since the night of the play, and been pushing me for the last year to come here—yes, we still talk—and you don't know weird until your first is pushing for you to seduce her father, but then none of us have ever done normal all that well, have we?\" \"Seduce me?\" Nathan echoes, kind of in shock, and a now-grinning Charlie steps closer so they're inches apart. \"Hell, if you insist,\" he smirks, and then Nathan's hand is resting on his chest in a depressingly unmistakable gesture to stop. \"Susan?\" Nathan asks, still trying to process this new information, and Charlie rolls his eyes. \"You remember that time when we looked long and hard into each other's eyes and almost ended up making out?\" he smiles. \"Charlie—\" Nathan warns, trying to suppress even the smallest twitch of his lips and taking a step back only to find himself flat against the wall of the house. Charlie, despite being smaller, places his hands on either side of Nathan's chest. \"I'm going to lean forward and this time we actually will kiss and hopefully do a bit more than that. How does that make you feel?\" he asks, impish smile fixed firmly in place. \" Charlie —\" Nathan growls, but before he can continue Charlie's lip are on his and thinking is going right out the window along with sanity and common sense, because Charlie's mouth is hot and matching him thrust for thrust and taste for taste and— Nathan pulls back, holding Charlie an arm's length away. \"Stop,\" he whispers. \"This—this isn't right, I'm too old, I—\" \"No you're not,\" Charlie interrupts, pushing closer. \"I'm old enough to be your dad!\" \"Nathan?\" Charlie sighs. \"Yeah?\" \"You aren't my dad,\" Charlie says, voice too level to be serious. Nathan rolls his eyes. \"Charlie—\" \"And who cares how old you are?\" \" Charlie— \" \"What does it matter what people think?\" Charlie presses, and dimly Nathan realizes that if he stays here, if he doesn't get away from this right now , he's not going to be able to stop this from happening. Grimly he stumbles to the side a couple steps. \"You need to leave.\" \"Nathan—\" \"This isn't fair to either of us, and you know it, Charlie ,\" Nathan half-mocks softly, and Charlie's eyes widen, obviously hurt. \"Nathan, you can't—\" \"That was six years ago . You honestly haven't moved on?\" Nathan spits, and the pain on Charlie's face hurts more than he wants to admit but firmly he reminds himself that it's for the best, he could never be happy with you, you'd just hurt each other, you have to make him go, this has to stop . \"Nathan,\" Charlie whispers, and just below the sound of his name Nathan can hear Charlie pleading don't do this . He shuts his eyes, gathers himself up, but before he can continue he feels a hand on his cheek and he opens his eyes to Charlie's face. \"Look me in the eye and tell me to leave, and I will.\" They stand there for a long moment, the thousands of things they've kept from the world swimming in their eyes. At last Nathan stirs. \"You know I can't do that,\" he breathes, and Charlie's lips twitch up the slightest bit. \"You've always known that I belonged to you, Charlie, didn't you?\" he continues, and his voice is rough and maybe the slightest bit bitter and Charlie frowns, eyes a bit startled. \"Why are you angry?\" he asks, scanning Nathan's face for the answer he doesn't understand. \"Why won't you just leave me alone and spare me the heartbreak?\" Nathan spits back, and Charlie let's his hand fall in shock. Almost immediately he brings it back up with its partner, cupping Nathan's face in both of his hands. \"I'm not asking you if you want to go out on a date, or hang out and watch a movie, or jump in bed for a couple of weeks,\" Charlie hisses, his voice at complete odds with the slow circles his thumbs are making on Nathan's cheeks. With an obvious effort he contains his anger and lifts himself up to his full height, until his lips are centimeters from Nathan's. \"I'm asking,\" he continues, \"That you let me stay with you for the rest of our lives, that you put up with my irritating qualities and let me put up with yours and let me spend every day by your side. I'm asking you to let me love you .\" Nathan blinks suddenly wet eyes and tilts his head so that their foreheads lean against one another. \"Charlie?\" he whispers. Charlie looks up at him, wide-eyed and vulnerable and already aching in anticipation. \"Yes?\" he asks. \"What took you so long?\" he says, his voice a breathy smile, tears slowly starting to crawl down his cheeks, onto Charlie's hands, and with a delighted laugh Charlie leans forward until their lips meet again and this time Nathan's hands are grabbing Charlie close and Charlie's are tangling up in Nathan's hair and jacket and Nathan pulls back just long enough to asks, mock-outraged, \" Seduce me?\" Charlie, being the gentleman that he is, does his best to comply. Finis ...X... AN: I swear, I spent the longest time trying not to slash these two, but when I finally couldn't help myself I placed it 6 years later so it was all nice and legal. Really, I probably never would've if not for that half-second moment when they're both in the pool and they look at each other. I didn't catch it the first couple of times I watched it and then I was like huh . So inevitably.... lol. Anyways, hope you enjoyed, and as always, much love, Wolfie! ","Summary":" AN: So you had to know this was coming, given that it's, y'know, me. Charlie/Nathan, set six years "},{"Movie":"Charlie Bartlett","Title":"Hard Headed Woman","Author":"Wolf Maid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5112931","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Just for fun. nDress shopping = Charlie/Nathan bonding. Oh Susan, clever!girl. …X… …HardnHeaded Woman… …X… \"So…Chuck.\" \"Charlie,\"nCharlie corrected, eyes glinting. \"So, Chuck,\"nNathan repeated. \"What're you planning to do with the rest ofnyour life?\" \"Well,\" Charliensays, lips twitching, \"I was thinking about being a principal, butnthen I heard about this one guy—\" \"Chuck, Chuck,nChuck,\" Nathan sighed, shaking his head. \"Everyone knows thatnworking in education isn't for those that crave attention like youndo.\" \"I don't know,nMr. Gardner, I feel like my fellow students are going to remember you for a very long—\" \"Oh, Chuck, younonly say that because you're so young you've—\" \"Yeah, I'm youngnnow, but when you wanted to press charges—\" \"You hit me in thenface! I have a very pretty face, how do you think I got the job innthe—\" \"Oh my god!\"nSusan snapped, sticking her head out from behind the dressing roomncurtain. \"Are you too really that uncomfortable?\" \"What?\" Charlienasked, confused. \"No, honey, ofncourse we aren't,\" Nathan assured her, looking up with a brightnsmile. \"Your dad and Inwere just joking around,\" Charlie added quickly. She lookednbetween the two of them with a frown. \"Good. Becausenyou two are my two favorite men in the world and I need you here fornme, not snapping at each other.\" \"Of course we'renhere for you!\" Nathan smiled. \"You know us, Inlove your dad, Susan! We're just hanging out…\" Charliensmirked. \"Yes, I…\"nNathan smiled tightly, \"Love talking to your boyfriend.\" Henslung an arm around Charlie's suddenly stiff shoulders. She considered themnfor a long moment and then retreated behind the curtain. Nathannimmediately mock-gagged. \"You find whatnyou're looking for?\" Charlie asked Susan. She sighed. \"Not yet. It hasnto be the perfect dress for the dance.\" \"You…ah…younnever really used to be that big of a dress girl, sweetie,\" Nathannfrowned. Charlie nudged him with a panicked look. Susan let out anmangled sob from behind the curtain. \"I just want tonhave this one dress, Dad! Is that too much to ask?\" \"Of course not,nhoney!\" Nathan reassured, looking worried. \"I didn't mean—\" \"I have a goodnfeeling about today. I'll have to leave at seven, but hopefullynthat'll give me enough time,\" she cut in brightly. \"Susan,nit's…ah…it's three right now,\" Charlie said weakly. \"It's alreadynthree? We've got to get a move on, then!\" she said, soundingnworried. Finally she came back from behind the curtain in hernregular clothes. \"You're going tonspend the next four hours—\" Nathan stared, sounding horrified,nbut just grinned. \" We're going to spend the next four hours shopping,\" she smirked. \"She's trying tonkill us,\" Charlie whispered to Nathan. He just nodded,noverwhelmed. She led the way intonanother store, mentally patting herself on the back. Four hours shouldnbe long enough for them to start to get along… \"Do something,\"nCharlie whispered behind her, sounding panicked. \"She's your girlfriend!\" Nathan whispered back, not sounding much betternoff. \"She's your daughter!\" Charlie spat. Susan just smiled, running her fingersnover gaudy prom dresses. Yes , shenthought, Four hours should be perfect. ","Summary":" AN: Just for fun. nDress shopping = Charlie/Nathan bonding. Oh Susan, clever!girl. …X… …HardnHeaded"},{"Movie":"Charlie Bartlett","Title":"Did It Take Long to Find Me?","Author":"Wolf Maid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4615456","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: One-Shot. Some point post-movie. Charlie attempts suicide, Nathan intervenes. And yes, I'm continuing my trend of naming my Charlie Bartlett fics after Cat Steven lyrics. …X… …Did it Take Long to Find Me?... …X… It takes one phone call, one startled gasp from his daughter, one look at her suddenly pale face as she drops the phone, one word from her lips as she meets his eyes… ...and then his jacket is in his hand and he's scrambling for his keys and forcing a promise from her that she'll stay as he runs for the door. Because the one-sided conversation he'd heard as Susan paced the house had been enough for him to realize what was at stake, and his name \"Charlie\" falling from her lips had been the motivation, and as he forces the keys into the ignition and starts down the road too fast, not fast enough all he can think about is how —how he's going to do it, how he's going to find him, how late he might be—and then he realizes he hasn't even thought about why and he's pretty sure there's something wrong with that. He's at the house—the mansion—before his mind can catch up with his body, and he's scaling the fucking fence like some idiot seventeen-year-old because there is no time and when Marilyn finally opens the damn door he half-shoves past her, explanations falling haphazardly from his mouth because she doesn't matter, all that matters is the ticking hand of the clock and the boy that must be somewhere in this house. \"Charlie!\" he yells, running up the staircase, Marilyn trailing behind, finally replacing some of that confusion for worry, \"Charlie, where the hell are you?\" And she points, her hand shaking, to the door at the end of the hall, the door that's still closed for all the yelling, all the pounding. \" Charlie, \" he whispers, and now he's running down the hallway, and trying the handle that he already knows is locked. \"Break it,\" she breathes before he even can finish turning to look at her, and he nods, because he knows, now, that the sudden all-consuming fear is catching, and perhaps more importantly, the possibility is so very real despite the way everyone's so steadfastly ignored it. The wood hurts when he runs his shoulder into it, but by now his mind has run away with his body and he's already inches from it again before he's even properly processed the pain of the first time. \"Charlie!\" he shouts, and the door slams inwards and he barely catches his balance as he stumbles through the door. The lights are off and the room is dark and it takes him a breathless moment of searching before he finds and flips the switch, bathing the room in light that is too harsh. The door on the other side is shut. One minute later his shoulder is continuing its purple decorations and it's swinging open, and he drops to his knees beside the boy, grabbing the towels hanging from the side of the shower and pressing them tightly against the gashes. There's blood on the floor, a handprint of it on the edge of the bathtub. Marilyn stumbles backwards and he yells for her to call an ambulance. Her answer is mostly incoherent, but he's a bit too busy at the moment to worry about her. Charlie's eyelashes flutter, and finally they lift open to look him in the eye. \"M'ster Gar'ner,\" he half-slurs, the corner of his mouth tugging up. \"Charlie,\" Nathan manages, his voice level, his eyes furious. \"Why're you here?\" Charlie frowns, and then looking down seems to realize that the older man is holding him tightly, and the red-tinged towels that are snug against his wrist. \"Get out,\" he whispers, eyes shutting again. \"Look at me,\" Nathan orders, and his voice is firm and hard and edging towards rage and reluctantly Charlie's eyes open, blinking repeatedly in an attempt to focus on the man above him. \"What were you thinking?\" he asks, and his voice is more bitter than he was expecting it to be. \"I don't…\" Charlie starts, but trails off, trying and failing to suppress the tears that are starting to escape from his eyes. \"That's not good enough,\" Nathan growls, and can't stop himself from giving the boy a little shake. \"What were you thinking?\" \"I…di'nt have a gun,\" Charlie whispers, eyes darting up to meet Nathan's now-furious ones. \"No,\" Nathan says, and he's not sure if it's meant to be a question or a statement or a command and all he really does know for certain is that this is not only completely unacceptable, he's not going to allow it. Any of it. \"No,\" he repeats. Charlie's eyelids are getting heavier and his tongue isn't working how it's supposed to, but he still manages to look up at Nathan and whisper, \"Why?\" But Nathan doesn't have a why, and really, why doesn't matter, only how, and he's not sure if that's how it's supposed to be but that's how it is, and that's all he really cares about right now. Dimly he can hear sirens, and then Charlie is being pulled out of his arms and he's following them all downstairs, and while Marilyn is the one in the ambulance and the one by his bed and the one who's waiting, and while Susan goes from devastated to furious and determined, Nathan is pacing the hallway and making calls and figuring out how—how he's going to fix this, how's he going to fix the boy , how it's all going to be better. He doesn't question why—why this boy, this family, why someone else can't help, why this is so important to him—because the answer is too simple and too complex and too easily explained by Charlie's dark, anguished eyes looking up at him from a smiling face. And he can feel the echo of the boy's weight against his outstretched arm, and the rattle of the diving board that has too often haunted his dreams, and the hopeless persistence in the boys words, and really, there never was any question that it would be him, Nathan, standing outside the door with the bruised shoulder and the battered heart. \"Charlie?\" he asks softly, cracking open the hospital door, and Marilyn looks between the two of them and with a silent nod leaves them alone with the white walls and the harsh white light. \"Mr. Gardner,\" Charlie acknowledges, eyes glancing up before returning to the bandages that are wrapped around his wrists. \"Not pills,\" Nathan says thoughtfully, and unwillingly Charlie looks up, the barest trace of a smile on his lips. \"I'm not so much into the poetic death scene,\" he says. \"And before you ask, I'd had a few too many nightmares to try a gun.\" Nathan meets Charlie's eyes squarely despite the sting of the statement. \"Well,\" he says, \"I guess you'll understand when I start growing a beard in lieu of touching a razor.\" Charlie looks away. \"You weren't supposed to be there,\" he explains, except it isn't really an explanation at all, and they both know it. \"We've kind of gotten into the habit of interrupting each other at inopportune times, haven't we?\" Nathan offers, this time bringing up the past on his own, eyes pinning Charlie in place. \"But…you weren't going to kill yourself,\" Charlie frowns, and Nathan's nods solemnly. \"And why not?\" he asks, as if they're both in school and a grade no doubt rests as the end of the answer. \"You have too many responsibilities,\" Charlie finally responds, giving every indication of rolling eyes without actually rolling them. Nathan sits there, considering, before finally leaning in. \"You're one of them,\" Nathan tells him, watching for the exact moment that Charlie's eyes widen, for that slight intake of breath that he knows is coming. \"And I'm going to get you through this,\" he finishes. And Charlie starts to open his mouth to ask why, but then he realizes, distractedly, that why doesn't really matter. Why doesn't really mean anything at all. So instead, half-stuttering, half-fearing the answer, Charlie looks up at the man that's finally sitting down beside him, and offers up his fear and his hope in one breathless whisper. \"How?\" Finis AN: Oh, my two broken boys...lol. Hope you enjoyed! Love, Wolfie! ","Summary":" AN: One-Shot. Some point post-movie. Charlie attempts suicide, Nathan intervenes. And yes, I'm cont"},{"Movie":"Charlie Bartlett","Title":"The Art of Claire","Author":"Therightshadeofblue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5784058","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I sadly own nothing, other than my dear Claire, though even that is questionable. I got her name from Zooey Deschanel, her middle name being Claire. \"Mr. Bartlett, is it safe to assume you know why you're here?\" Principle Nathan Gardner spoke to the boy sitting in the chair before him. \"I-\" And before he could hardly speak a word, Mr. Gardner's secretary came in, rush with panic. \"Mr. Gardner, Mrs. Dagnon just quit!\" The red-head spoke, urgently. Mr. Gardner paused, \"...What?\" \"Allene Dagnon just quit, walked out of her class not ten minutes ago.\" Gardner looked from Charlie, to his secretary. \"Well...-\" \"Mrs. Dagnon is the art teacher, right?\" Charlie asked, a certain hidden motive behind his words. Gardner looked at him with suspicion, \"Yes, why do you ask?\" Charlie crossed his legs, \"My aunt, well she's not really my aunt she's just a good friend of my mother's, she just got back from studying art in Paris, I'm sure she'd be completely up for teaching the class.\" Mr. Gardner was silent for a second, \"Teaching degree?\" He nodded, \"Yes, I'm sure she went to Brown.\" \"Great, get me her number and I'll call her later on today. All figured out, fantastic. Miss Jennings, get someone to watch the art class for the rest of today and hopefully we'll have a new teacher for tomorrow.\" Miss Jennings nodded and left quickly, he then turned to Charlie, \"Now, on with you...\" Claire sat on the island in the kitchen; legs crossed, hands placed in her lap and her eyes closed, a serene look upon her face. Meditation. She sometimes hummed to keep her concentration and focus acute. She suddenly heard heavy foot steps walking in on the tile floor. \"Good afternoon, Charlie.\" \"Hey, Aunt Claire. How was your day?\" Without opening her eyes, she began on explaining her day events. \"I woke up at around eight, walked to town and had about four cheeseburgers and two vanilla shakes. I bought a few new canvases, and some new paintbrushes. Walked back at around two and have be meditating since then. How about your day, Charlie, in public school now aren't you?\" She opened one eyelid, glancing at him quickly before shutting it. Charlie sat at a stool at the island, \"Unfortunately. I got in trouble today for selling videos of my business partner, Murphy, beating the shit out of some kids. We even gave some proceeds to the kids though they still suspended me for three days.\" Claire laughed quietly, \"You always were a rebel with a cause.\" Smiling, Charlie remembered something, \"Oh, hey, the art teacher at my school quit today.\" At this, Claire's eyes shot open, \"Really?\" He nodded, \"And I gave the principle your number, he said he'd call you in a bit concerning the details of the position.\" Claire's smile got even brighter. She suddenly spoke in a warped New York accent with a motherly air about it, \"Oh, bless ya dahlin', bless ya.\" She jumped off the counter and kissed his cheek, \"What would I be without your cunning intellect and preparation?\" Laughing, Charlie shrugged, \"Poor and lonely I purpose.\" Claire laughed, then she heard a ringing from her pocket. \"Must be Principle Gardner now.\" Claire pressed the call button, putting the phone up to her ear, \"Hello?\" \" Yes, hello, my name is Nathan Gardner and I'm calling concerning a position of the art teacher here at Western Summit High School.\" \"Yes, Charlie has informed me.\" She looked over at Charlie, who gave her a goofy smile and a thumbs up. \" If it is convenient for you, Mrs. Deschanel, you could run up to the high school and we can hold an interview, look over your transcripts, assume, the whole shebang. That is, if it is convenient and you are interested in the job.\" \"Oh, yes, very much so,\" glancing at the clock, it read three exact and she replied, \"What do you say I meet you at the school around four or so?\" \" Sounds great, Mrs. Deschanel, see you then.\" \"Thank you, sir, very much.\" Claire smiled a million dollar smile, she looked at Charlie, \"I'm getting a job!\" Charlie hugged her, \"Congratulations! See, what would you do without me?\" \"I don't know, and I don't particularly want to know. I'm going to go wash up and you can show me off to the school. Thanks a million Charles.\" After a forty-five minute shower, Claire printed out her resume and searched for proof of her degrees. Dressing in a pale blue and modest dress that was casual, though formal enough for an interview, she stepped outside, with her bag and purse in hand, she headed off to Western Summit High.[Chapter 2] Claire I walked slowly into the high school with worry consuming me like an ocean of nerves. And the appearance was less than expected, but it's still a high school. Don't judge a book by it's cover, indeed. There was a door at the end of the main hallway that read 'Office' on a rusted plack above the frame, I had a strong feeling this would be the place to go. I opened the door to find a husky woman sitting at the desk, her flaming red hair un-unkempt and frizzy, though I was jealous. I'd always wanted that natural orange glow, but I was stuck with the plain dark brown locks I was born with. \"Hello, I'm Claire Deschanel.\" \"Ah yes,\" the woman stood, gesturing me to follow her, \"Right this way.\" I followed her to another door, she knocked on the wood with her thick, manly hands. A faint, \"Come in,\" was heard behind the door and she had opened the door for me to enter. \"Thank you.\" I said and I walked in. As soon as I walked in, the door was slammed shut behind. Wow, what I nice feeling of appreciation I'm getting. My eyes traveled around the plain office until they landed on a man sitting at the desk. This was- \"Hello, my name is Nathan Gardner, I'm the principle here at Summit High, and this is Mr. Sedgwick, the super-superintendent of the district.\" I walked up to the desk and shook both their hands, but my eyes stayed on who I now had a face to match the voice I heard over the phone. He was a handsome man, I could not deny that. Black, graying hair neatly gelled on top his head. Graying, though he had not an old face, late thirties if that. \"Hi, I'm Claire Deschanel. It's nice to meet you both.\" \"And you as well, take a seat and let's get on with this.\" I smiled and sat in the chair, very uncomfortable, but I didn't complain. I handed him my resume. He read through it quickly. \"Brown University?\" \"Yes, sir.\" I answered shortly. \"And it says here that you resigned from your last job at Thomas Jefferson Private School?\" I nodded towards Nathan. \"Why, may I ask?\" I thought for a second, and weighing my options of lying or telling what really happened, I didn't go with the latter. \"I'm just going to be completely honest with you, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Sedgwick, they gave me the option to either resign or they'd fire me. I wasn't professional in their eyes and my teaching methods were very... \"radical,\" as they put it. I am very prone to teaching my own way and not by the books, and most schools, especially private schools, don't really take a liking to that. And I'm not extremely fond of teaching incompetent children how to finger paint either. I think a high school setting is a lot more suitable for myself.\" Nathan glanced at the man standing behind him, then looked at me, \"Well, Mrs. Deschanel, I think you just got a job. Now, under any other circumstance, you'd probably be without, but we are extremely desperate given the situation. I hope you can start tomorrow?\" What?! I'm pretty sure my eyes literally popped out of my head, holy shit. \"Oh, uhm, I guess. That's extremely sudden, wow. But I guess I'll make it work.\" Nathan smiled, \"Great, fantastic, thank you very much Mrs. Dechanel.\" He stood and shook my hand, and I just now realized he'd gotten my name wrong this whole time, but he spoke again before I could correct him, \"Be sure to be here by no later than seven thirty.\" \"Oh, will do. And it's Miss.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"It's Miss, Deschanel. I'm not married.\" \"Oh, excuse me, Miss Deschanel. Thank you.\" Nathan smirked a smirk that made my heart jump, a charming man he is. \"You're welcome, Mr. Gardner. And Mr. Sedgwick, thank you.\" I walked out of the school, smiling. I finally had a job doing the thing I loved most. Teaching art. The next morning I arrived at the school at around seven so I could get a good look around the halls of the school. As I passed the main office I saw a very familiar face. \"Mr. Gardner, hello there.\" He turned me, a smile erupted on his face. \" Miss Deschanel, good morning.\" I smiled, laughing at him putting infasis on the 'Miss' part. \"Glad to see you didn't flake out on me.\" I laughed, and said in a mocking British voice, \"Oh, wouldn't dream of it, darlin'.\" Nathan laughed, he really did have a great smile. \"Well, get ready for one of the most brutal days of your life.\" He said. \"Why do you say that?\" \"The kids at this school; they're savages, animals.\" I laughed, but noted the seriousness of his voice. \"It may seem, but every child has purpose, one way or another. They're just taking on the world by their own beat. And remember, they're the ones that are going to run this world in the future of tomorrow.\" \"God help us now.\" I laughed, he even cracked a cute little smile, and I could tell he was taking into consideration what I just told him. And it was true, everything I said. I speak from experience. \"Oh, here, let me show you your class room.\" I followed him and I watched as a few students started entering the hall ways, some giving me weird and awkward glances. We walked down a rather short hallway and stopped at a door at the very end, this must be my room. He opened the door and we walked in. My jaw flew to the floor. It was...perfect. Walls decorated in late to old and new century inspired paintings and eight wood tables made a \"U\" shape in the large room. Cabinets I guessed were filled with supplies lining the far wall and windows all along the east wall, my desk sitting in front of them. \"I'm guessing you like it?\" Nathan looked at me, I realized my gawking and straightened myself up. \"Y-yes, it's amazing, it's perfect, I love it!\" I walked over to the desk, setting my bag and my purse on top. \"Here is your class schedule and attendance list. And here is the lesson plans the previous teacher had planned for the next couple of weeks.\" He handed me these things, though I sat down the other papers and focused on the lesson plans. I read through the first one. I was kind of disgusted. This was hardly a lesson plan at all. So, I went through it a little deeper, and still saw nothing of interest. Nathan was watching me intently as I tossed the bunch of papers in the trash can next to my desk. He looked at me with disbelief. \"My teachings are radical, didn't you know?\" He just shook his head, smirking. \"Don't make me regret hiring you, Miss Deschanel.\" Students started making their way into the class room and sat at the tables as Nathan and I stood by the windows. \"Oh, you won't regret a thing, and...call me Claire.\" I thought I should be casual with him. Nathan looked at me with curiosity, \"Well, Claire, I think it's time you attend to your class. And if you don't mind, I'd like to sit in on a few class periods to experience these 'radical teachings' of yours.\" I smiled, and turned to the class. \"Hey guys, my name is Claire...\" I wrote my name on the whiteboard with a green marker, \"Deschanel, and I will be your new art teacher for the rest of the year. Now, I don't know what your previous teacher had you working on, but you aren't working on it anymore.\" I saw the looks on some of their faces, priceless surprise. \"Don't worry. As students in Art II you have previous teachings and knowledge of the art of abstraction, correct?\" A few nodded their heads, \"Well, that's our new unit, starting today, we will crash into the world of dreams and colour variations and just plain abstraction at it's finest. I do believe this is going to be a good year.\" And that was the moment I knew I had all these kids anticipation in my grasps. Yes, a good year indeed. Nathan Gardner This was probably the best decision I've made in my entire life, hiring Claire Deschanel. Not only was she a fantastic teacher, but her person alone captivated me more than anything I've ever felt. As I watched her speak to the class I watched her movements and listened to her crystal, serene voice, I grew a small attraction towards her. Though, it really wasn't much of anything. She was a pretty gal, any man would find her attractive. But the way she spoke with such intelligence and humble-ness, made my attraction towards her grow. It's not everyday you run into a girl like her. The way her light blue eyes traveled throughout the classroom, watching the students drawing and painting, created a sense of admiration. It was captivating. Wait. What am I thinking? She a teacher at my school, this could cost me my job. Shit. But watching her, it's just so overwhelming. Despite the fact that she was a close friend of Charlie Bartlett, she showed no similarities between him and her by the way she acted, that I was thankful for. As Claire said something that made her students laugh, I saw the expression she held on her face. It was...happiness. Happiness at its core. That was a rare thing to find in a teacher. I used to have that feeling, that look on my face when I was a History teacher. But that is in the past, I'm a principle now. A fucking principle for god's sake and I absolutely hate it. Except for right now. Claire Deschanel I decided that I wanted the students to start working on Dream Sequences, something I was extremely fond of. The first assignment was just a dream, warped around a colour scheme. They all seemed excited to begin. I walked back over to Nathan and sat on the surface of my new desk, he held a surprised look on his face. \"What?\" Nathan shook his head, letting out a sigh, \"That was great, you're a natural teacher.\" I smiled. \"Well, thank you. It's great to hear that from you.\" He nodded, his perfect teeth showing from behind his lips. I know better than to be struck by charm, but his was different. \"I'm glad we got the chance to have you here. Would you be interested in further years of teaching?\" He asked, but I'm sure he already knew the answer. \"I would absolutely love to, Mr. Gardner.\" This is great. My life is just getting better and better. As the day went on, and classes came and went and I started to see what Nathan meant by these kids being savages. They acted fine in my classroom but out in the hallways, jesus, I have to watch where I walk out there. But I did learn about some of the happenings from the kids in my class. I found out that the board had put security cameras in the student lounge, and the students were completely outraged. I laughed at the immaturity, but I could see where they were coming from. Though it was important to have the cameras, given the type of school this was. Third hour was probably the most interesting hour, it was Art III, an independent class. \"Hey guys, my name is Claire Deschanel and I will be your art teacher for the rest of the year. I'll start by taking attendance and we'll get on with the new lesson.\" I grabbed the list for third hour and starting calling off names. \"Herold Abbott.\" \"Here, I go by Harry.\" I marked that down on the paper, \"It's very nice to meet you Harry. Lilly Baker?\" \"Here.\" \"Hey, Lilly. Charlie Bar- oh, suspended.\" I laughed, \"Kipp Cromwell?\" \"H-here.\" I looked up at a boy sitting of to the side, away from everybody. \"Hey Kipp, how are you?\" He paused for a second and looked down, \"F-fine, I'm fine.\" I smirked, \"That's good. Susan Gardner?\" \"Here.\" I looked up, and smiled. \"You're Nathan's daughter, aren't you?\" She nodded her head, rolling her eyes a bit in regret. Interesting. \"Good to meet you...Ella Jenkins?\" \"Present.\" \"Hey. You have a beautiful name, dear.\" \"Thank you.\" \"Alexander Love?\" \"I go by Lex.\" I smiled. \"Hey, Lex...And last but not least, Devon Williams?\" \"Here.\" Soon the day was over and I was sitting at my new desk, writing down some notes for tomorrow's lesson and listening to Iron & Wine from my laptop. I made mental notes all day to bring supplies from home for there wasn't nearly as much supplies as I would like provided. I'm sure some of the money that was put into those cameras in the lounge had to of been taken from somewhere in the funding and it wouldn't surprise me if it'd been taken out of the art funds. My thoughts were suddenly broken by a knock and an opening of the door. I looked up to see Nathan. Not that I was complaining, but I was seeing a lot of him today. \"Hey Claire, how was your first day here at Summit High?\" \"Oh, it was fantastic. I have your daughter, Susan in third hour, she has quite a talent.\" Nathan smiled a little. \"Yes, she also has a beautiful singing voice. I used to love coming home and hearing her sing in the other room. That doesn't really happen any more,\" he said sadly. \"Well, maybe she lost the passion.\" He looked at me with uncertain eyes, \"She'll find it again, I'm sure of it. And I hope you don't mind but I'm going to go out and buy some supplies and bring some from home for the students. The given supplies here isn't as...great to work with, if you know what I mean.\" \"Oh, no, go ahead, I don't mind at all. I'm glad you had a good day, I'll see you tomorrow Miss Deschanel.\" \"Have a good day, Mr. Gardner.\" I watched him leave and once he was out the door, I could see out of the corner of my eye, he took a double look and walked off. And I smiled to myself. ","Summary":" I sadly own nothing, other than my dear Claire, though even that is questionable. I got her name fr"},{"Movie":"Tooth Fairy","Title":"Disbelieve","Author":"Faerendipitous","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8209839","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sometimes he still had nightmares about it. Vague, blurry images that flit through his mind like wasps, stinging until he bolted awake, his bed sheets half soaked through with cold sweat. This was one of those nights. Tracysat up, throwing the damp sheets off and dangling his legs over the side of the bed, hands covering his face, fingers digging into his brow and temple. He let out a deep sigh, one that he'd grown rather friendly with since his stay inDenver. These nights happened more frequently than he would have liked, and they always ended the same way: no recollection of the dream and an exhausted man who could hardly keep his focus at whatever he happened to be doing the next day. Very recently, it had been working at a Laundromat. He glanced at the small digital clock on his night stand. It was only three in the morning, but he stood and trudged to his closet. Getting an early start to the day was better than laying around in bed trying to remember that blasted dream. He could never remember it; it was all a blur of pastel yellows and pinks and blues, and a looming, menacing black that just didn't belong. He always remembered the screaming and the sharp, warm pain in the back of his head. The dream always ended with the most sickening sensation, as if he were falling from the heavens, but in all the wrong directions. His stomach churned just at the thought of it. That , he always remembered. Water spilled from the faucet as he turned the knob on the head of the sink. He swallowed hard, trying to shake the awful feeling that dream always left. It was like watching the world burn around you, he'd realized some time ago, and it was every bit as upsetting. He was surprised he found the strength to crawl out of bed after that one – everything had seemed so real, less distant. It hadn't seemed, this time, as if he were just standing outside the scene, or in the protection of a glass case. This time, he'd been in that disaster, whatever it was. He'd been running for his life, he'd been caught at the heels by those black things and he'd nearly been ripped to shreds. And then there had been the other ones, the ones above him – in every way – and then there was the sharp pain and a loud crack that he couldn't tell if it were coming from inside him or from the chaos that was unfolding – collapsing in on itself, being sucked in like a black hole, trapped – in front of him before the world went black, blacker than it had been, and everything stopped. Tracylet out a choked sob and gasped for breath, pulling his face upwards from the steady stream of water flowing from his sink. It'd been like dying. The towel was soft and warm and it woke him up a little more than the cold water had. It was like dying, every night, and there was nothing he could do about it. He wanted to know why he was having this nightmare, over and over and over so that it seeped from the subconscious world and bothered his mind in its waking state as well, but he couldn't remember. He couldn't remember anything beforeDenver. It was a sort of amnesia, he guessed, it had to be. He'd stumbled into the town in a state of delirium, muttering on about amnesia dust, about not believing – he never said what – and clutching a child's tooth in his right hand. He replaced the towel slowly and drew his hand towards his face, taking in the physical reminder of his short-lived insanity. A small white scar remained on the flesh of his palm – he'd clutched the lost tooth so tightly, as if it were something so sacred to him, that he'd broken the skin on his hand, punctured it rather deeply, drawing blood with the small token of… of… He sighed, shrugging on his uniform. Token of something or other, he was sure of that. He still had the tooth, slightly blood stained as it was, in the drawer of his nightstand. As silly as it sounded, it was something that grounded him, made him feel comforted for some odd reason, and made him feel all the less lonely. Tracywas very lonely. He was blessed, he knew, because he had people looking after him; kind, charitable people who had found him that first night in a tattered work suit, raving like a lunatic, broken and bleeding in several places. They'd taken care of him, more patient than anyone he'd ever met in his life, he was sure, even if he couldn't quite remember it all. They helped him get along; they provided him with an apartment in their complex, they helped him get settled and registered inColorado, they helped him find a job… They were Saints, they had to be. Angels from heaven, beautiful winged creatures who resided— A sharp pain shot through his temple and he cringed, groping for the medicine cabinet. Bloody migraines… He downed two pills with a swig of tap water and sat back on the bed, bathed in darkness again. His skin crawled. He truly hated the dark. There was something about it that he felt was suffocating, something he knew would kill him if he sat still long enough, like quicksand. He took a deep breath, just to reassure himself. Still breathing. He exhaled, a great, shuddering noise, and looked at the clock again. It was going to be a long day, he surmised. The days themselves were uneventful, boring, lacking a certain magic he felt he'd once had in his life. Perhaps it was his own fault. He'd stopped interacting with people; he'd stopped trying to find a girlfriend, he'd just stopped trying , really, all together. There was something a lot more important he should have been doing, not watching people clean their dirty unmentionables all day long. Everything in his back office, his perch, was impeccably organized. Everything had its place, and God help you if you came in here and messed it up. It was one of the few things that gaveTracy the sense of normalcy his life utterly lacked. All sorts of people meandered in and out of the shop. Men and women, families and lone-goers. Big and short and small and tall – people of all different races and ethnicities and identities. His favorite were the children. He'd been told that it was creepy, sick – one person had even gone so far as to call it shamefully disgusting, which had confused him for quite a few days. But he'd straightened everything out with the proprietors of the Laundromat, in a ditch effort to keep the job that he so desperately needed. He was not fascinated with the children in any unlawful way, he'd hurriedly explained. He just thought they had a certain… charm about them. An untainted innocence that was refreshing to see in the world. It was a small form of hope, for him, another strange thing about himself he couldn't quite explain. It was just nice , to see the children with their unmatchable amount of imagination, wide eyes and learning about the world just slowly enough to relish those years where anything was possibl. The years before sour adulthood took over and they stopped believing. He watched over them as they played while their parents used the facility. They chased each other around the free standing industrial machines, shrieking happily as one pretended to be after the others. That was good, they were learning. He'd smile – a real, genuine smile – when they ran past his little half-office. Most of them did, anyway. There was that one little girl, he'd noticed – she and her mum would come in every Tuesday, and she'd sit on one of the plastic chairs that had been bolted into the linoleum, and she'd just stare at him. To be honest, it was a little creepy, that she never took her eyes off ofTracy, no matter where he moved around the shop. She'd draw her knees up to her chin whenever he glanced at her, ducking her head so that only her eyes were visible from behind her angel-thin blonde hair. It wasn't in a way that suggested she was frightened of him – if anything, she seemed bashful. He could see the smile in her eyes, and even heard her laugh once, but only when he looked directly at her. Otherwise, she'd just stare at him with wide eyes, never saying a word, not even to her mother – at least not until they left. The door chimes jingled as they exited. For some reason, the sound made him inexplicably sad. That sweet little girl was the best part of his week, but the dingy shop closed in a half an hour, then he'd lock up and go home, and start the dreadful process all over again, with seven whole days in between the sight of that lovely little girl and her bashful smile again. When she was not there, he often spent his work days being disgusted with himself – not in a bad way, if that were a possibility. He liked him well enough, but his situation could go burn in Hell for all he cared. Things were not supposed to be like this. It was a sentiment he couldn't help from tugging at the blurry edges of his mind, where everything was entrenched in the fog of his forgotten self. Everything was great, once upon a time, and he was close to going somewhere. Things had just looked up for him, and now he was here , locking up a struggling Laundromat for the night so that he could come back and open it again at six in the morning. The road was dark, but the stars came to his aid, casting down their light on him, like glitter against the sky, a beautiful velvet backdrop that he could have just reached out and touched, maybe – once upon a time. The stuff of fairy tales, he thought bitterly. The walk home was longer than usual, that night, and he wanted nothing more than to be home, those few precious seconds between wakefulness and the terror of sleep. He dropped into his bed at ten thirty Thursday night. He'd gotten home a half hour ago and scarfed down some plain rice and cardboard chicken. The important thing was that it was food, sustenance that was often hard for him to come by. He made due with what he could afford, and it just so happened to be rice and chicken. The moment his body hit the old spring mattress, he let out a deep groan. He'd been on his feet for the last week straight and his whole body was sore with anxiety. He prayed that the dream wouldn't pester him again tonight – his body couldn't afford it. He loosened undid the top two buttons of his shirt and closed his eyes, not bothering to change out of his clothes. It was already Thursday, he told himself, he could do this. The Laundromat was closed on Sundays, only three more days. There was a loud knocking on his door. Tracy's heart hammered in his chest. No one ever knocked on his door, so who was it? More importantly, what did they want? The hammering stopped, the offending organ settling somewhere around his knees as the possibilities came to him. Perhaps it was another parent. He'd very carefully, very tediously explained to all of his regulars that their children weren't in any danger and that it had all just been a nasty rumor. Perhaps it was the landlords, coming to kick him out. He'd been in the apartment for three years on half-rent. They had every right to be tired of him by now. Every muscle stiffened as he lay in bed, straining to hear any noise coming from the other side of the door. It was a wasted effort, he knew. The walls were old and thick and no one could hear anything from the hallway. The knocking came again. Maybe if he just lay there, maybe if he didn't do anything they'd go away. That would be choice, really, just splendid. Knock knock knock. This one was much different from the first two. It was much more delicate, and the sudden change in the demeanor of his unwelcomed guest intrigued him. He shuffled, sitting up on the mattress and looking out at the door to his apartment. He stood slowly, rebuttoning his wrinkled shirt and moving as quietly as possible into the sitting room. The apartment doors lacked peepholes. He pressed his ear up against the wood, trying with everything he had to make out the gruff undertones of his landlord, or the irritated chatter of a parent. Worse, his heart sank a little lower, a cop. He'd had a cop on him once before, when he'd first made it into the city – the officer had thoughtTracywas here illegally. He'd stuttered out that he wasn't even sure where 'here' was, that he'd been doing fine until all of four hours ago, when he'd woken up in the hospital. The man chalked that once instance up as the beginning of this waking nightmare. It had all been downhill from there, the questioning, the lack of records, the close watch that was kept on him for the first year. No one would hire him, because they didn't want to be mixed up in the business of an illegal, if the cops were able to turn anything up on him. Rumors had ruined his life more than once since his stay inDenver. He was tired and worn to the bone, and the last thing he wanted to deal with was an angry, intrusive, misinformed cop at this hour— \"Hello?\" he heard, through the door. It was faint, but it was decidedly too high pitched to belong to a burly cop orTracy's landlord. In fact, it sounded as if it were the voice of a child. He undid the deadbolt and unlocked the door, swinging it open wide. There she was, standing there with her mother, who wore a look of mild surprise on her face and pulled her daughter backwards. \"Oh,\" he said, paying the mother very little mind. This was the little girl who sat in the Laundromat every Tuesday. \"Hello.\" \"Sorry to bother you, mister…?\" \"Uhm, just Tracy. Still not entirely sure what my last name might be.\" \"Tracy,\" the mother said slowly. \"But my daughter was just adamant about coming here. There's, uhm, obviously been a mistake, wrong apartment, I guess-\" \"Nope,\" the little girl chimed, looking up atTracywith wide eyes, the same look she'd give him at the Laundromat. \"This is him. You remember him, right mommy?\" The woman knelt down and picked up her daughter. \"Of course I do, dear,\" she said, though he was more than certain the woman had never spared him a passing glance. She looked him square in the eye. He could see immediately that she was just as tired as he was. \"I know this is more than a little intrusive, but may we come in?\" Tracyshuffled out of the doorway, noticing that his headache was back. He decided it could definitely wait, now that he had company. He almost laughed at the notion. He hadn't had company since he'd gotten out of the hospital, and the first people to visit him since were complete and total strangers, despite their regular use of the Laundromat. He sat them down in the pitiable living room and fixed the mother a cup of tea, letting the little girl play on the floor for the moment. \"So what brings you here? I mean, no trouble at all really, but I'm just… curious. Why here?\" he asked, sitting on the chair opposite the woman, with the little girl between them. She had a small bag with her and was holding a flashlight, playing with the beam that it produced. The mother looked wearily down at her child and he could see that the family had endured a storm of their own. \"What's happened?\" \"My daughter's been a little… on edge since my husband died. She… saw you at the Laundromat and thinks you can help her,\" she said, and it sounded more like a question than the statement it was supposed to be. \"As soon as it gets dark out, she has a problem. She won't go to sleep at night, and she said that you…\" she sighed. \"Why don't you tell him, Lily?\" The name sent shivers downTracy's spine, though he couldn't explain why. It was another heavy, lost memory of someone that maybe he knew, but the face and personality never matched up with the name. Everything was foggy, but the name gave him a start all the same, raising the hair on the back of his neck and causing him to wince inwardly as the little girl looked up and crawled into her mothers lap without abandoning the flashlight, sitting so that she was facing the man. He smiled at her, hoping to coax her out of that bashful silence she'd woven for herself. He leaned forward. \"Why don't you tell Old Tracy about it, hmm? If you really think I can help.\" She looked up at him and nodded once. \"I'm afraid of the dark,\" she said, softly, clutching the flashlight to her chest; he felt a great weight taken off his. He'd thought that two strangers appearing suddenly at his door would pose more of a problem than a fear of the dark. His own fear stirred inside of him at her words, but he ignored it, pretended to be brave and help her get over her fear. \"And why are you afraid of the dark, Lily?\" he choked on her name. Her eyes went wider, if possible, and she blanched a little, clutching the light and staring straight at him as she said it. \"The dark killed daddy.\" He felt the familiar suffocating pressure on his chest, the knot of dread that accompanied his uncertain past, his fear of the dark and of those things unknown. It was such a simple sentence, and rather silly, he'd admit, but the notion terrified him, the thought that he wasn't the only one who felt like it was murderous. He repeated her slowly, feeling the weight of the words as they left his lips hang about the air like lead. Lily nodded. Her mother wrapped an arm around her middle and explained. \"Ziggy had a stroke,\" she said softly, \"and died in his sleep. Now Lily won't sleep at night, and even getting her to lay down in the afternoon is difficult.\" \"Ziggy was your husband?\" he asked, that familiar detached feeling washing over him. Another name, another pain in his temple. The woman nodded; Lily spoke up. \"It wasn't the stroke,\" she said, her words measured and confident. \"It was the dark. They ate his dreams and that's what killed him!\" \"Who ate daddy's dreams, Lily?\" Her face fell, and she looked like she was on the verge of crying, though her voice was quiet and steady. \"The bogeymen. They ate daddy's dreams.\" Tracyrubbed a thumb against the side of his head. The pain was returning full force. \"Dreams are good, though!\" he said, closing his eyes against the uncomfortably pressure in his skull. \"Dreams are what keep people going, what makes people who they are! Dreams are – are wonderful things, miss Lily, absolutely wonderful things, very important. It's when you don't dream that the bogeymen come. When they have bad dreams to eat – they don't want the good ones.\" He stuttered and tripped around his words, trying to make it all up on the spot. It all came out rusty, like he was regurgitating a lecture he himself had gotten a long, long time ago. All the better, he thought, wearily, best to make her believe it. \"The bogeymen don't – they can't hurt you if you don't sleep. I don't want to sleep, because they're still there, sometimes. I don't think they know what they did to daddy, and they're looking for him, for more dreams.\" He nodded. \"That's probably right. Bogeymen aren't too terribly bright, or they wouldn't feed off of someone's dreams in the first place. But they won't hurt you, Lily, because you still have good dreams. Your daddy was probably having bad dreams, and that's why they were able to hurt him.\" He looked up and saw the mother's face, an expression of pure appall of what he was telling her five year old daughter. His face flushed a pale pink and he hurried to explain. \"Y'see, the bogeymen, they don't actually feed off of you , like leeches, they feed off of your dreams. They make the dreams bad so that they have something to eat. When the dreams are gone all together and there's nothing left for them, the host dies. It's all very inconspicuous, but having good dreams actually keeps them away. They don't like having to do work, right, so if they have to do all that bad-dream business right off the bat, they won't bother with you.\" The woman frowned and he buried his face in his hands. He was just digging himself deeper and deeper, and by now she probably though he was half-mad. \"M'sorry,\" he said, that uncomfortable feeling weighing down on his chest. \"Shouldn't have said any of that. I don't even know where that came from, sort of just… bubbled out, didn't it?\" Sleep tugged at the corners of his mind as he sat there with his guests; Lily took the flashlight and settled the dusty beam over his shoulders. The room was not especially dark, but he felt at that moment that her light was the strongest he'd seen in a while. \"Are you sure that good dreams will keep them away?\" she asked, in a tone that almost resembled hushed awe. \"One hundred percent.\" He gave a quick nod, not daring to say anything more than that. By some stroke of luck, Lily had not been horrified by his description of monsters that feed off of dreams, and whatever other lunacy was floating around in his head. \"It's safe for you to sleep, little Lily. It's good for you to sleep, maybe you can get those mean Bogeymen out of your house. Wouldn't that be something?\" She nodded and smiled;Tracynoticed that the girl was missing several teeth, and this only made his smile all the more genuine, less weary and much brighter. Her mother stood with her daughter in her arms and knelt down to retrieve Lily's small bag that had been left on the floor. She grabbed it in her tiny fists immediately as her mother stood and unzipped the top with some the door for them and the mother said her gratitude and bid him a good night. Lily leaned over her mother's shoulder and held something out to Tracy, who took it hesitantly. Her hand hardly fit around the arm of the doll; his nearly swallowed it whole. He looked up at the girl in mild confusion. It was a toy of hers, a fairy princess doll in a pastel pink tutu, with soft, ornate wings that made his heart ache, but in a way that he couldn't remember feeling in Denver. \"Maybe this will help the bad dreams stop, mister Tracy.\" She said quietly, draped over her mother's shoulder and staring solemnly at him. \"Maybe you can get your good dreams back, too. So they don't get you.\"[Chapter 2] Tracy lay in bed the next night, holding Lily's gift, staring intently at is as if trying to remember something important. He was puzzled. How had the little girl known about his nightmares? Staring at this doll, he could feel something, something that was right there , just past his fingertips, still shrouded in that awful fog that had settled over his life. He heaved another sigh and rolled over in the bed, holding the small doll in the crook of his arm. Any other night he would feel foolish for attaching any sentiment to the child's toy, but tonight, he just didn't care. He closed his eyes and let sleep wash over him, his last conscious thought being of Lily's parting words. \"So they don't get you.\" He was only mildly amused by her antics; fear was the presiding emotion. Some of what she'd told him scared him as much as the dark. There was something not right about her imaginary world, and that too resided behind that shroud of forgetfulness. Tracy drifted off to sleep. The smell of burnt sugar filled the air, and he wrinkled his nose against it. Jerry was working in the back room again, and is certainly smelled like he'd been having a rough day. He greeted the senior fairy with something quick-witted and made him laugh, and began to take stock. It was one of those unlucky days when he was on stockroom duty. It wouldn't take very long; he'd be done and back in the office by three, which was ideal. He could get back to the paperwork and go home by five, or stay for Fairyoke. They seemed like equally good ideas. He took his clipboard and stared up at the shelves of stock. Something squirmed uncomfortably in the pit of his stomach; the shelves were nearly bare. A box here or there and a few stray packets of amnesia dust or shrinking paste. Some of the shelves were dusty, a tell tale sign that they had been untouched for some time, that Fairy's budget had steadily declined, restricting the flow of equipment. They no longer stocked cat-away, but Jerry still made those nifty little mints, so it wasn't too much of a loss for the Fairies who venture to the Human plane for teeth. But they were running low and, with less and less funding, they might not be able to afford the next shipment. It might have to wait until next quarter. He scratched a note at the bottom of the inventory paper. There was a small tremor that shook the room, causing a cluster of tooth-radar wands to shuffle off of their shelf and fall to the floor with a looked up from the stock list, barely moving a muscle. That was odd. Everything was more or less clockwork here. He could tell down to the second when the nightshift came in; he knew exactly when the mail fairy made her rounds, dropping off memos and other miscellaneous paperwork to his office. He knew how long he would be down in the stock room, despite the lack of its clock. His pen scratched absently across the paper as he counted the crates of invisibility spray – it was a Tooth Fairy's greatest resource, and they couldn't afford not to stock plenty of it. He moved to the next shelf and froze again. Another tremor racked the room and the lights flickered, temporarily bathing the room in darkness. Tracy's heart hammered in his chest. Fairy ran like clockwork, and this , this eerily devious progression of events, was the metaphorical ominous kink in the cogs. \"Jerry,\" he called, waiting for the older fairy to turn the corner before addressing his concern. \"Any idea what's going on up there?\" he asked. \"No,\" He said sounding as concerned as Tracy. This was a rare occurrence, to not be met with a snarky remark from the man. \"Maybe some experi-dental project?\" And there it was. Tracy shook his head and looked back to his work. With any luck they'd sort out whatever was giving them power problems. A third tremor shook the room, throwing both men to the floor and raining supplies down on them. The lights popped, leaving them in the dark permanently. \"No,\"Tracy said slowly, \"I don't think it was anything experimental.\" He made his way back up the stairs carefully, wary of what was on the other side of the basement door, outside the stock room. Fairy didn't run on electricity; the lights were an extension of the magic energy that coursed throughFairyLand. The lights all over the building were out, lending an ashen tone to the once golden, glowing hallways. Something settled itself in the pit of Tracy's chest, something heavy and forbidding, and he didn't like it at all. There was a ringing silence in the halls outside the stockroom; the air was acrid and made his insides squirm uncomfortably. Something was very, very wrong. It was a poor choice, really, to go and investigate, and he knew that as his heels clicked against the tiles with every step, the only audible sound in the hallway, but something inside him couldn't help it. The sheer curiosity, perhaps. What could possibly make the lights go out, driven by magic as they were? Another pair of footsteps joined his – dainty footsteps, padded by a pair of dance slippers – another fairy, coming down the hall towards him. He picked up his pace and turned the corner, nearly plowing her over. She was a tiny thing – but at his height, most people were. She rammed into his chest, bouncing back in her stupor and he caught her by the arm, waiting a beat as she steadied herself. She looked up. \"Tracy!\" \"Marina, what happened to you? You're uniform's in shreds and – what – what happened to your wing?\" He asked in a quiet voice, shock washing through him at her appearance. Her tutu was literally falling apart around her waist. There was a large tear in her stockings and an even larger hole in her wing, as if someone had burned right through it. She didn't reply, but threw her arms around his middle and squeezed. \"You're alive! They all thought – the office, your door was – But you're okay!\" He grabbed her by the shoulders and knelt down to her eye level. \"What do you mean, 'still alive'?\" Her eyes went wide and she practically collapsed against him. \"It's happening,\" she said, quietly. \"Tracy, we have to get out, they're not listening and It's going to kill us, we have to-\" The hall chilled andMarinafroze mid sentence, eyes locking with his before he looked back towards the stock room. A black mist seeped through the ceiling. Liquefying as soon as it was free and falling into a gelatinous puddle on the floor that seemed to shift and bend as more of it and tugged on his arm, trying to snap him out of the hypnotized stupor he'd fallen into watching it, whatever it was. She dragged him through the halls, trying to get back to his office. He wanted to ask what was going on; he wanted to know what that black, tar-like substance falling from the ceiling was and why it scared her so much. She was nearly hysterical, despite the fact that she was usually a very level-headed fairy. She was a higher-up, too, and if anyone knew what was going on it'd be her. If he could just get her to calm down long enough to explain. He broke her grip on his wrist and grabbed her arm, pulling her to a stop. She panicked immediately, begging and pleading for them to keep going, but Tracy was adamant about learning what was going on. \"Just stop, for a second and tell me what that stuff was, back there. What's going to kill us?Marina, answer me!\" he snapped, shaking her, perhaps a bit too roughly. Plop! went the sludge, falling from the ceiling and landing on her uninjured wing. She froze, her eyes going wide as he watched in horror; whatever that was ate right through the delicate material of her wing, leaving the untouched parts look as if someone had pressed a match to them. It crept onto her shoulder and she whimpered, standing stock still. He reached out a hand to wipe the gunk from her shoulder and she went positively ballistic , screaming at him not to touch It, to get away, go, go back to the office, go ! He recoiled, eyeing her with concern. \"Marina,\" he said, fighting for composure of his own voice. \"What is that?\" It readily grew over her shoulder, dripping down her front and crawling up her neck. She tried to paw it away, but it only adhered itself to her hands. She managed to say something, but it was muffled by the black tar that was growing over her mouth and nose at an alarmingly fast pace. \"The Void.\" Tracy thought perhaps he misheard. He had to have misheard. He grabbed her around the waist, taking extra precaution to make sure the black stuff didn't touch him. \"Marina. Marina, focus, focus on me, and tell me, what is this.\" The fairy's pupils constricted to pinpoints and she thrashed in his grip, clawing madly at the tar covering her airways and suddenly he understood: it was suffocating her. Her movements slowed and her eyes rolled back into her head before she went limp, falling to the floor as the tar spread like a wild fire over her body, constricting and shrinking. It was just watched her die; he just watched her have the life sucked out of her. He staggered backwards until he hit something solid, planting a stabilizing hand on the wall he'd just backed into, looking up and seeing more of that black vapor seeping from the ceiling tiles. He inched away, unable to take his eyes off of the scene that he still could not believe had just unfolded in front of him. He bolted down the hall, back to his sanctuary, constantly having to side step great globs of the stuff that reached hungrily towards his legs with every step. As he moved closer to the main plaza, he could hear it, the chaos that had left Marina in such a state, the reason why everyone thought he was dead when he'd emerged from the stock room. It was a deafening tumult from just down the hall, a strange barrier between haven and Hell, and it was fading fast. He traced the familiar path without having to think very much about it – he'd walked from the stock room to his office and back so many times that he could have done it blindfolded. He stumbled to the relative safety of his office and closed the door. This was not good. A weight settled itself in his chest as the severity of the situation dawned on him. God, he never actually thought this would happen. His breath caught in his throat and his heart pounded in his ears. He couldn't go out there, he couldn't watch that destruction. He collapsed against his desk, his thoughts restless, making it difficult to concentrate on anything and causing his vision to swim in and out. He was going to die, they all were. The last of fairy kind was about to be Disenchanted. The thought made his stomach churn and, combined with the smell of burning feathers that had wafted down the hall, he retched into the waste bin behind his desk, all embarrassment forgotten in the terror of the moment as he sat there with his head between his knees, trying to compose himself. It was a long, slow process, Disenchanting. The electric sting of magic hung in the air as braver fairies rushed into the midst of things, trying to dispel the bogeymen and The Void. It was a waste, he thought numbly. A waste of magic that could have been used to get everyone to safety. His lips trembled as he tried to form words, trying to drown out the sounds of chaos outside his office door, but it was too loud. It was like something out of a cheaply made horror film, but so much realer. He heard them, out there; one screamed, and he squeezed his eyes shut. It was a ringing noise that cut through him like a knife, slicing a fine line of fear from his heart to the bottom of his stomach. He held himself tighter as the scream stopped. It was worse. This was not happening. How could this have happened? Sure, he thought distantly, they were a little low on faith, but they'd been managing. They'd always met the set quotas, even if it was just the low end, and they'd always been safe. Now,FairyLandwas literally collapsing around him, being eaten by the fluid black mass that was The Void. How many children had been disenchanted today, told by their parents that his world didn't exist? Too many, an impossible number, because the lack of faith had allowed The Void to come and clean up. The idea of faith is that you need people to believe. If no one believes, what's the point in existing? Never mind that It was taking the lives of millions of Fairies in Its tirade. The room grew cold, and Tracy gave out a whimper, reduced to an utterly helpless tangle of limbs on the floor as It sought his magic. He could feel it seeping through the door, clawing Its way across the floor. Something banged against his office door and It gave a hideous, other worldly hiss. The insurmountable feeling of dread that had lodged itself in his chest withdrew along with the bogeyman, releasing Its grip on him and allowing him to move again. He sprung up from behind his desk, terrified and elated and nervous all at once, to find that the bogeyman had recoiled, seeping back out the door to collect in a writhing heap on the floor, encasing a fallen fairy in Its folds. It was a moment of sheer stupidity that could very well get him killed, but he supposed he was going to die either way. What was there to lose? He took great bounding strides to the door and threw it open with every ounce of force his shaking limbs could exert, slamming the half-shrunken heap of bogeyman back against the wall and shattering the glass pane in the door. He only stood there momentarily as he watched the thing reform after the sudden assault, like a sponge that had been squeezed too tightly. It bubbled and pushed outward, oily tendrils searching for his ankles. Tracy took off like a shot down the hall. He'd always been taught to go down with his ship, he mused, heart thrumming against his ribcage, but this ship was going to bring about the extinction of a species. There was no point in staying; anyone who did was as good as dead. He vaguely registered the shouts of other fairies, fairies with wands who were asking what he was doing in the plaza, telling him to get back to the stockroom, it's safer there. But Tracy knew that 'safety' was a thing of the past. Everything was a blur of pastels and an ashen gray, a deep black fog that simply didn't belong in this sanctuary of belief, and even the sounds were woven together after a moment. He had to tune it all out. If he truly let himself tune into the horror around him, he'd go mad. There was a wet thwip! and a crushing pressure on Tracy's chest that knocked him backwards, landing hard on the tiled floor, sprawled out and stock still. With his head tilted backwards to take in the reality-skewing scene above him, with fairies lifting themselves from the ground in hopes of gaining more time, trying to subdue The Void, he felt something creep up his neck. He didn't move; even breathing was difficult, with that thing on him, siphoning the magic from him like a leech drank blood. It was endlessly hungry, a small part of the whole, and it worked its way up his body. He felt the icy black tendrils on his jaw, shifting and expanding to spread across his cheek and lips. It covered his mouth and nose and he suddenly panicked. That was it. He felt it sucking the very breath from him, trying to drain him of his magic, to coat and decompose his body. He thrashed, the will for self preservation stronger than ever as he realized that he was dying . He let out a muffled scream and tore the thing from his mouth, feeling its dead weight in his arms as it wrapped itself around his hands. It was hard to shake a bogeyman and it was hard to do much of anything with one sucking the life from you, but He threw it to the ground with a great jerk of his arms, being careful not to step in it as he took off, trying to get to the other side of the plaza. He stumbled and tripped over his own feet as he ran, blindly ignoring shouts from the other fairies. He had one thing on his mind: a working wand. The magic generator buttons wouldn't supply enough to pull the stunt he was planning – The Void had drained his world of too much magic for that to work, but the real wands, the hand crafted wands that used essence of magic, they worked even in the most dire of circumstances. Fairies fell all around him, wings singed through by the acid touch of the bogeymen – wings were too delicate, they disintegrated upon contact with the tendrils, and for once in his life, Tracy was grateful for fairy evolution. The wands were in Lily's office. It felt so wrong, to break in and take from her emergency store, but he was a wingless fairy, and wingless fairies were not issued wands, ever. He had no choice. He threw the large oak doors open and was greeted by the same hissing, gurgling noise he'd heard out in the plaza; the bogeymen were here, too. His breath quickened as he scanned the room. Where was It? God, he could hear It, but It was no where to be found. That was terrifying, he thought, suddenly moved on, though still wary of the bogeyman. If he could find the wands quickly he might not even have to worry about It. His stomach churned again, presenting him with a fresh wave of nausea at the thought of what he was doing, but he was stable, for now. There wasn't anything left in his stomach for him to vomit, he realized dryly. He snatched one out of the case, having broken it open with a paperweight from Lily's desk. What was he doing, vandalizing her office, stealing her equipment? He was saving himself, he justified, he was doing the smart thing, because all those other fairies out there were as good as dead; their tenacity, their bull-headed belief that they could fight It off is what sealed their fates. Tracy prayed that he wasn't alone. If there was one thing he didn't want to be, it was the last living fairy. A small part of him wished that he was more able, more confident that he would be able to salvage his species, if there were any left other than himself. Another part couldn't help but burn at the back of his mind; coward. He gives it a little flick and a small sputter of magic trickles half-heartedly from the tip, falling to the floor and dying like fallen embers at his feet. He closes his eyes and takes a deep, steadying breath, the wet noises of the reforming bogeyman somewhere in the room growing louder, more persistent and undeniably closer. Tracy knew that this was a ditch effort. FairyLandwas so far gone, not even the magic of the wands was reliable anymore. The bogeyman had leeched him of so much magic, and an unsettling fatigue was beginning to creep its way into his bones. He had one shot at this, and perhaps just enough magic left in his body to pull it off. He channeled it all into the wand, feeling utterly drained , empty and tired. He reached a trembling hand out and grabbed something off of Lily's desk. She'd obviously left in a hurry. His hand closed around the child's tooth, scooping it off the desk as the magic came to a boil in the wand, accepting of his energy and allowing him to use it. He would need that tooth, he knew, because where he was going wasn't a kind place. It wasn't somewhere he could survive without faith, and there was so little in that place already. His own faith was dwindling fast, disintegrating along with the rest of his home as the magic swirled about him in silken ribbons of color, a beautiful whirlwind that would provide his escape. The pavement was hard under his palms as he landed roughly on his hands and knees, collapsing immediately into a pathetic trembling heap, biting back sobs that he was sure would ring through the calm night. Tracy woke up with a shuddering gasp, his cheek pressed hard into the carpet of the bedroom floor. His hands were clenched in loose fists over his head and his face was wet, breath hitching awkwardly in his throat. He rolled into a more comfortable fetal position, drawing his knees up to his chest and covering his face with his hands. The nightmares wouldn't stop, because he couldn't remember who he was, where he'd come from or why there was this looming dread that constantly ate away at him. Lily's doll lay on the bed, half dangling off the edge and looking down at him, forgotten in the vulnerability of the moment. The alarm sounded from his night table, an ear splitting dry buzz of electrocution that only worsened the pain in his head. It was time for work.[Chapter 3] Really, the only consolation was that today was Tuesday. He picked himself up off of the floor, fingers still trembling as he wiped his face dry, sniffling as he sat up, trying to catch his breath. The dreams always left him in a nauseous stupor, clouding his mind for the rest of the day. He felt heavy, like his torso and limbs were filled with lead, and the sharp pain shot through his temple again. He cringed, cradling his head in his hands and groaning as he tried to stand, falling back onto the bed for a moment to steady himself. The nights were getting worse, more unbearable with every day that passed. His health was beginning to deteriorate, it had been for a while, but it was only recently thatTracytruly noticed how it had affected him. He was sick to his stomach, and didn't want to move. He knew he'd vomit it he tried to make it to the bathroom. He lay back on the sheets, head swimming. He had to go to work, he couldn't afford any sick days – business had been slow that month and he was hardly going to make rent as it was. He sighed, knowing that he had a long day ahead of him, an even longer week, but if he didn't get up he would be in a bad situation. Plus, if he made it long enough at work today, he would get to see Lily. He was fully aware that there was the possibility of taking early leave, despite how badly he needed the money, but his body was rebelling against him. Perhaps that was the only thing keeping him at work that day, was the thought of seeing Lily before the shop closed. He stood against the half-door, watching the customers as the came and went. He could feel his mind start to drift at several points during the day, wanting nothing more than a restful sleep. He couldn't remember the last time he'd slept peacefully – his mind was always troubled, now, by this fleeting memory that he could never seem to grasp. Tracywas fragile; he'd been so ever since arriving in Denver. Little things that he couldn't understand would upset him, plunge him into a manic depression that took weeks to pull himself from. But there was something inside him, pushing forward and telling him that no matter how bad his situation was, that he was important. He was needed, by someone. He could never remember who, though, which confused him further. Everything that might offer a semblance of comfort was shrouded behind that fog, hidden away for some strange reason, and he couldn't access the simplest memories that would suffice as clues. Still, standing here and watching the children was almost enough to make him forget about the blurry nightmares. His headache subsided slightly as they chased each other around; some patrons looked on in annoyance, some looked to him to ask the parents to corral their children, but he didn't have the heart to, as he watched a pair of twin boys play make believe. He smiled wearily, a rare sight from him. He loved when the children played make believe, no matter what their fantasies were; whether they were playing superheroes or house, pirates or princesses, it was comforting for him to see. It was sort of a wave of relief, to see that children still believe in fantasy. It was an odd sensation and he didn't know why he felt that way. It was puzzling. There were a lot of things he didn't know why he did. Whenever something silver caught his eye, his heart would give a little flip and his hand would fly to his lapel, as if checking to make sure something was still there. He kept the child's tooth, despite the fact that he hadn't the slightest idea of whose it was. Did he have children?Tracymight not have been able to remember much, but he knew he wasn't a father. But it was okay, if not a little frustrating, constantly trying to understand his own mannerisms, especially at times like this, where he stood off to the side and watched the people. He glanced up at the time piece that was hung on the back wall next to his tiny office door, his heart plummeting as he scanned the shop. Lily and her mum were no where to be seen. He panicked a bit, unsure of what to do. They arrived, every Tuesday right at seven thirty. It was like the length of the store, attracting the worried glances of the customers at the machines. He suddenly became very regretful of coming to work today – it was just another jab at him, another disappointment and another pain in his temple. A million scenarios ran through his head at high speed, gruesome explanations as to why they hadn't 't drive – his salary didn't allow for it, not by any stretch of the imagination or his funds – but he'd seen the accidents, he knew what happened to the people in the vehicles, and it made him light headed just to think about. He had to ground himself, or the new anxiety coupled with the existing nausea would make him sick. He shouldn't worry so much, they were probably just running late. Slowly, people filed out, one at a time – the time ticked by; Seven forty-five, eight, eight fifteen. He sat alone in the Laundromat at eight thirty, hunched over in one of the plastic seats with his head in his hands. He sat there, trying to figure out what it was about Lily that he found so comforting. He focused on her, her complete innocence and childlike faith in fantasy. Her complex ideas about the dark, it was all so familiar, and it was more of a comfort than anything or anyone he'd met in the seven years he'd been inDenver. There was the chime of the door bells as someone entered the shop – his head snapped up in interest, though from his sitting position, he couldn't see who it was, as his view was blocked by one of the free standing washing machines. He sat still, listening as the door closed behind the person and a laundry bin was set on the floor. There were tiny foot falls and Lily came bounding around the corner, arms wide as she flew towards him. \"Mister Tracy!\" she shrieked happily as he caught her. Her tiny arms wrapped around his neck as he stood, supporting her weight by sliding one arm underneath her, and he carried her back to the machine her mother was using. She let him set her on top of one of the driers. \"Started to get a little worried,\" he admitted to the mother, \"Usually, you two get here earlier, I was starting to think something happened. Is everything okay?\" he asked. The woman bent down and picked up a towel, tossing it into the machine as she stood. \"Everything's fine,\" she said, not looking at him, \"Lily just wanted to get here a little later is all. She said it had something to do with you and after that stunt she pulled with finding your apartment who am I to argue?\" her voice was hard, on edge, and he could tell that she hadn't taken kindly to her daughter's uncanny intuition. \"How's she doing, at night, now? Any improvement?\" The last of the basket was emptied into the machine and she started the wash, leaning against the stainless steel and looking up at him. \"I don't understand.\" She started, exasperated. \"I've been trying to get her to sleep since my husband died. I tried everything, and then you tell her about these monsters that kept me awake, and she's been out like a light every night right on time. Except for tonight,\" she looked at Lily, \"You should have been in bed two hours ago, miss.\" She laughed and kicked her legs, obviously wide awake. He too leaned against the washer, his elbow resting besides her with a hand on top of her head. \"And how about those dreams? Good dreams, I trust?\" he asked, smiling down at her. She giggled and nodded. The smile gradually faded from her face; she reached up to rest a tiny hand on his arm and spoke slowly. \"I'm sorry you had the bad dream again, mister Tracy.\" Her voice was quiet and solemn and scared . \"Please don't let them take your dreams away.\" He picked her up and bounced her gently in his arms. \"My dreams aren't going anywhere.\" He reassured her. She grabbed fistfuls of cloth at his collar and pressed her face into his shoulder; he rubbed his hand across her back, smoothing down the folds in her dress. He didn't want to say anything in front of her mother because he wasn't sure if she'd picked it up as well, but he'd never said anything to Lily about his nightmare. He stood there with them in relative silence as the washer-dryer cycle came to an end, setting Lily on top of the machine again and helping her mother fold the clothes and replace them in the laundry bin. It was just another layer to the nagging confusion; and idea had settled itself inTracy's mind, that he rarely knew what was going on, and this only reinforced the notion. With every day that passed, he became more and more confused by things that he felt should have been second nature. There was a rhyme and reason to all this, but he couldn't see it; it was like looking at a riddle in another language and being expected to know it. If it had been presented to him in plain terms, in a way that he'd understand, he might have been able to answer all the questions he had while he stood with the single mother and her child, but as it were, he kept his questions to brew until the time came when he could answer them, if it ever did. An odd feeling had burrowed its way into his chest – the ever present sense of dread lessened when he was with Lily and her mum. It lessened, but it was never gone completely, so that there was this swirling mix of feeling inside of him, bubbling and struggling with one another for dominance over his demeanor. He placed the last folded white towel in the bin, offering to carry it to her car – he had to lock up anyway. It was a small red sedan, older with a wide steely scrape down its side. It was the only car in the lot. The woman frowned and scanned the surrounding area. \"Where's yours?\" she said, taking the bin from him and placing in the back next to Lily's car seat. Tracyflipped the light switch inside, cutting off the only light source until Lily's mother turned the car on. By the dim gleam of the headlights, he locked the place up for the night, turning the ancient key in the padlock on the doors. \"I don't drive.\" He said, and was thankful the light wasn't strong, hiding the pink tinge that crept along his cheeks. He wasn't usually a proud man, but his situation was a touchy topic. Some part of him that knew things used to be better couldn't stand admitting that he was in a bad place, couldn't stand admitting that he was the low man on the totem pole again , because he'd worked so hard to free himself from that position and now it had him right back under its thumb. \"But your apartment's almost twenty blocks away,\" she said in something that resembled shock, standing up out of the car to talk to him directly. \"Let me drive you back – come on there's a storm coming and you can't walk home in that, get in.\" The man hovered outside the passenger's seat door for a moment before opening it and sliding into the car, ducking his head and having to slouch slightly. He muttered an appreciative thank you, if not a little embarrassed, and buckled himself in as she put the car in reverse and pulled out of the parking space. The rain started hitting the windshield almost the second they made it onto the main road, starting in little drops that splattered violently against the windshield. It began to rain harder and harder as they drove, until the wind was howling and the rain falling in torrents. A crack of lightning illuminated the sky, huge and menacing. Thunder rolled – the noise of an angry God. He looked over his shoulder at Lily, who was fast asleep, her head resting against the side of her car seat and her tiny fists clutching bundles of cloth at the hem of her dress. He was surprised the violence of the storm didn't wake her. He turned to her mother. \"Thank you, for the ride. I would still be out on that main road in this if it weren't for you. Listen, If you want, you and Lily can stay with – with me until it passes, this way you don't have to – so you can get out of the rain. Just the thought of you two driving home in this makes me nervous.\" He admitted, hands fidgeting with the strap of his seatbelt. \"If it doesn't let up, I just might take you up on that offer.\" She said, her voice low, casting a worried glance at the skies. Despite the fact that it was pitch black out, every stroke of lightning that crackled through the sky illuminated the heavy cloud cover. Dark, billowing rain clouds that swallowed the horizon to wash the earth clean. The apartment complex, at least, offered some light. Lonely streetlamps on either side of the entrance flickered wearily, casting just enough warm glow for them to work by. The car pulled up as close to the building as possible, allowing for a quick drop off that would hopefully keep them Lily and hurried into the lobby, cradling her sleeping form and watching as her mum parked and ran back to meet them in the sanctuary of the building. She was soaked to the bone, and he promised her a chance to dry off and a hot tea when they made it to his apartment. He fumbled with the key in the lock, holding the young girl at his hip and opening the door for her mother, directing her to the bathroom an telling her there was a blow dryer under the sink and dry towels in the bin. He untucked the sheets from the corners of the bed and laid Lily down to sleep comfortably. She was out cold and he doubted that Armageddon could have woken her. She'd stayed up two hours past her bedtime and was tuckered out. The woman came out of the bathroom with a towel, wiping absently at her shoulder, having hung her coat to dry. She held her phone and was staring down at it irritably. \"Look at this, severe thunderstorm warning for twelve counties, flash flood warning for seven of them, and miles of rain.\" He glanced at her phone, the weather app displaying a screen of almost pure green, interspersed with clusters of red that signified the more dangerous areas. Almost their entire county was swathed in red. She was exhausted and annoyed, he could tell. He handed her the tea cup and she sighed. \"You can pass the night here, if you need to,\" he offered, turning the heat on for her. The last thing she would need is to catch cold because of the rain. \"Lily's already in bed, if you want to join her. I'll sleep out here.\" He moved to the couch and pulled the dense cushions off, unfolding the bed with a monstrous creak that made him cringe, certain it had woken the little girl in the next room. He pulled out the extra blanket that he used in the winters when the heat didn't work and draped it over the pull out, beaming at the woman to let her know that it really was okay. \"Go on, get some sleep, it's almost midnight.\" He said as she placed her empty tea cup in the sink. \"The rain should pass by tomorrow,\" she said absently as she moved into the bedroom, closing the door and leaving him alone in the dark. He laid back in the pull out bed, using on of the couch cushions as a pillow. He heard the soft 'click' of the door locking. He closed his eyes. It was swarming, the dark. He couldn't move his limbs and It was suffocating him, lowering Itself down on him from the ceiling and blanketing his body, bogging him down. He could feel the tears streaming down his face as It came for him, tearing senselessly at his shoulder blades and creeping up his stomach, his chest, his neck… He thrashed, his body held in place by the sheer weight of the dark; he arced his back and twisted and kicked, but it was useless. It wrapped around his limbs and held him fast, clawing into his skin and creeping towards his mouth… He felt it on his lips and gave a shuddering gasp, his voice dying in his throat as it coated his mouth like rubber, choking him. It formed around his nose, cutting off his airways, suffocating him. The dark writhed and contracted on his face as he felt the air being sucked from his lungs, along with something else , a sort of life blood; he felt weak, his movements slowed and he began losing consciousness, still pushing half heartedly against the restraining mass of shadow. He couldn't breath, he couldn't think. It was taking something from him. He closed his eyes, letting out a muffled whimper as it siphoned him dry of – \"Mister Tracy!\" His eyes shot open, hands flying up to clear his mouth and nose of the shadows that hadn't been there in the first place, giving a shuddering gasp as he realized that it had been a nightmare. Adrenaline pumped through him, his heart pounding against his chest and his breath coming in short, jagged gasps, as though he truly had been suffocating. He looked up. Lily sat by his side, half draped over him to reach his shoulder. \"Are you awake now?\" she asked softly. He nodded, sliding her off of him so that he could sit up and toss the blanket to the side. Though it kept him warm, its weight was most unwelcomed given his recent experiences. He propped himself up against the back of the couch and pulled her to his side, one arm draped around her as she looked up at him. \"What are you doing up?\" he whispered, helping her sit up in the awkward bed. She looked up at him and bunched the fabric in her hands. \"I had to wake you up. They were hurting you. You have to start having good dreams, or they'll hurt you. It's like you told me, they can't hurt you if you have good dreams.\" \"Little Lily,\" he said shakily, shifting so that he was facing her more directly. \"Let's see if you can answer me this: How do you do the things you do? Knowing about my bad dreams, where I live… and if I didn't know better, I'd say you knew about this rain storm too, that's why you asked your mum to go to the Laundromat later, isn't it?\" The child giggled and ducked her head, partially hiding in the sheet. That was enough of an answer for Tracy, who pulled the sheet away from her, hoping to keep her attention for a few minutes before he sent her back to bed with her mum. \"How do you do it? Knowing all these things you shouldn't?\" She looked at him and curled in on herself, crossing her legs and hunching over slightly. \"Daddy said that I would be able to do things other people can't. He told me that it would happen a lot because I can't control it, but when I get older I will. I can know things if I want. You're worried you won't be able to stay in the apartment this month.\" She said, causing a pain to shoot through his chest at the thought. \"But it's okay. If you want you can come stay with us. Mommy likes you. I think it's because you're like daddy was. You're different, like me. It's not a bad thing, but sometimes it can be scary. The bogeymen won't leave you alone, Mister Tracy. They're hurting you.\" He felt something claw at his chest, a biting pain that pushed a hard lump of heat to the back of his throat. He found his head bobbing up and down in a small nod and her hands on his arm. He wasn't so sure about bogeymen, but his restless dreams, his nightmares had drained him, make him sick and were disabling. \"You have bad dreams because you don't remember. Daddy didn't remember much either, but he still knew he was different. You don't even have that.\" He found his vision swimming at the girl's words. What she was telling him was everything he'd locked away for nearly a decade, unwilling to admit even to himself. She grabbed his hand and set it on her knee, splaying his fingers and latching onto him with her tiny hands. \"Daddy told me never to tell anyone, ever. But if I don't tell you I think you're going to die like he did.\" Her voice was soft and frightened. He curled his fingers in to take a hold of her hand. \"You won't believe me because they took it all from you, and you don't remember. Daddy said that we have magic.\" She said. His heart sank at those words, an inexplicable sadness that made him cringe. \"Sometimes it can be taken away, and if too much is taken away then we can get really hurt. That's why the bogeymen were able to hurt him. Daddy was a fairy.\" There was a ringing pain in his head; he let go of her hand and brought both of his to his temples, pressing as hard as he could to try to make the pain stop. There was something about her story, about her father's make believe that just sat wrong with him, and again there was that uncomfortable sensation of something he'd forgotten. He pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes, giving a small groan. He felt her weight shift and she stood next to him. \"It's okay. I know it's hard to remember. It's because they took too much of your magic. They take more every time you have a bad dream, but you can get it back, and maybe you can remember. You're a fairy too, I can tell. You don't have wings like daddy did, but you're a fairy.\" Tracy's shuddered under her touch. This little girl's fantasy shouldn't have affected him so much. Everything these last few months had just been too much, and he'd bit the bullet, taken it all with a grain of salt, just accepted his lot, and never once blinked. He was surprised, honestly, that it had taken him this long to reach his breaking point. \"It's okay,\" she said, patting him on the shoulder as he was hunched over, knees drawn up to his chest. \"Daddy taught me a trick. Sometimes when I have a lot of magic, I can do tricks. You wanna see?\" she asked, tugging on his sleeve, trying to make him look up. She knew that he needed to see. It wasn't so much that he didn't believe her, but that he didn't want to believe her. Something bad had happened to him that not even he knew about, and it was hurting him, just like the bogeymen. He looked up, breath shaky and trembling all over. Lily smiled at him and sat down, cupping her palms and spreading them out towards him. It was gradual, and he felt his breath hitch at first, berating himself for actually having expected any sort of magic. Despite the girl's uncanny knack for knowing things she shouldn't, he couldn't be expected to believe she was a fairy. But soon, an electric tingle filled the atmospere, the air over her palms distorting, swirling, before he saw the first shimmer of blue circle into her hand, quickly joined by its brothers until there was a small galaxy in her palm, a fluid sort of glitter that hung in mid air, shifting and forming to create whatever she wanted. He watched in awe as a small blue lily formed in her hands. It seemed to produce its own light, casting it over them and removing a weight from his chest. Lily smiled into its glow and looked up at him. \"It's not much, but it might help. It's for you. Go on, take it.\" Tracysat there, unmoving for a moment. Was it safe? It was magic . Pure, honest-to-God magic . He couldn't explain it, he didn't try to, but it just made him feel so different . He thought maybe he used to feel like this all the time, but it was such a distant feeling, hardly conscious thought. He reached a hand out. His fingers pressed into the depths of the lily; the blue magic bubbled and formed around his fingers, shifting to accommodate the intrusion. It was cool to the touch and produced an odd electric tingle in his fingertips, as if his hand had fallen asleep. It allowed him to remain there for a moment before the lily seemed to explode in a show of swirling glitter, recoiling for a moment before seeming to take on a mind of its own, rising of its own accord and throwing itself in his face. He sputtered and coughed as he inhaled it – more accurately as it seeped into him. He could feel it, the small amount of dust spreading through his entire body, filling him, warming him, breaking barriers his body had built. Lily sat patiently at his side, watching as the magic coursed its way through his body, replacing what was taken from him, what he'd been missing for so many years. It only took a little. Tracy felt like a fog had been lifted, a weight taken from his chest and the pain in his temple was only a memory. The absurd feeling passed, the magic integrating itself into his body. The lights in the kitchen flickered and the lamp to their right went haywire, bathing the entire apartment in an epileptic light show. The lights slowly dimmed, swathing them in darkness again, but it was a different dark. This one didn't feel heavy or threaten to suffocate him. This dark was not a presence, but literally just the absence of a light source. He had forgotten that this is what dark is supposed to feel like. Calm, soothing, something that isn't to be feared. The pressure in his chest dissipated, leaving him empty, leaving him a clean slate and a clear head. He took a deep breath. \"It's all gone,\" he said, his voice barely a whisper. \"Everything.\" With the shroud lifted, he remembered everything: the fear, the chaos, Marina . Watching the one place he'd ever called home die before him, abandoning it for this . The heat return, forcing its way up his throat, stinging behind his eyes. Lily crawled closer to him, nestling against his side as he ducked his head against his knees, shoulders heaving. He broke. Seven years of misfortune, of having lived on the human plane with no recollection of who he was, with everything blocked behind a dam, was nothing compared to remembering. It tore at him, a wave of realization that Fairyland, his home, millions of other fairies, his race , they were all gone. He let out a choked sob and felt the little girl's arms around his neck. \"It'll be okay.\" She said quietly, trying to comfort him. He doubted she really knew what he'd meant, and if she did, he doubted that she truly understood the scope, but she was a comfort. There was a crash and clatter from the bedroom, and he heard Lily's mother swear loudly before the door was flung open with a bang. She called for her daughter and Lily answered quietly, knowing her mother would hear his quiet sniffling, that he wasn't a threat. \"It's okay mommy. Look.\" Her voice was soft as she directed her mother's attention toTracy. Even in the dim light, she could see the deplorable state the man was in, reduced to a sobbing tangle of limbs. Nothing that he had done was any concrete evidence that he was a bad man, just unfortunate. Strangely enough, it pulled at her heartstrings, to see him so broken. Lily acted strangely around this man, and she couldn't say she liked it, but she couldn't bring herself to pull her daughter from his side. \"He needs us, mommy,\" Lily said, and she found that her daughter had taken the words right out of her mouth. She couldn't agree more. She busied herself in the small kitchen, pulling out a small can of ginger ale and a box of Matzo crackers to settle his stomach, sitting on the bed in front of him and waiting patiently as his affliction went from sobs to quiet heave to sniffles to shudders, and he looked up, seeing her offer him the can. He reached out an unsteady hand and took it gratefully. Lily sat in his lap, leaning back against his chest. Suddenly it all made sense to him. The way they'd found him wandering around, raving like a lunatic – it was the last of his memory, desperately clinging on, trying to remind him of who – what – he was. The dreams, recollection of the disaster that had engulfed his home… \"There are others,\" he heard Lily say. \"Other fairies, just like you and me and like daddy. It'll be okay.\" Her mother looked up at him, mouthing 'fairies?' and he laughed through the last of his tears. \"It's a long story. I'm not sure if I'm exactly up to it at the moment, but I think a proper explanation is the least you deserve. I know it sounds insane, but we are. Fairies, I mean, me and Lily. Tooth fairies. I'm a Tooth Fairy.\"[Chapter 4] The old Laundromat had closed down six days after the night Lily and Donna stayed at his apartment. He hadn't expected the place to stay open very long, what with how high the expenses were and how few people actually used the facility. The proprietors had closed shop without warning, themselves having struggled to keep it open during the last few months of its operation. They'd come in a half an hour before closing, handed Tracy his last paycheck – not even enough to pay his month's rent. They'd apologized and said they'd put in a good word for him wherever he went, but he knew that he was out of options. So many establishments had already black-listed him because of the immigrations mix up, and even more had caught wind of the terrible rumors flying about from his tenure at the Laundromat. He didn't know how anyone could expect him to get a decent paying job anywhere in the city after those mishaps. He had no way of transferring cities, either. He supposed that he could use his last check to catch a bus out of town and stay at a motel for a few nights until he found something, but he knew that there wasn't the promise of work, and winter was coming. If he was caught on the streets by the time the first snow settled, he'd be frozen over. It was just another one of those miserable surprises, nothing more than a punch to the gut that left him sick that night, anxiety inevitably getting the better of him. He lay awake in bed that night, unable to sleep with one thought running through his head: it was okay if he couldn't sleep. He didn't have to get up for work tomorrow. He didn't have a job. It was something that gnawed away at him more and more every second, guiding his train of thought in the most undesirable directions he could imagine, plaguing him until he exhausted himself in his worry, until his eyes couldn't stay open any longer and he fell into a fitful sleep at five in the morning. They'd showed up at his door the next evening with a movie, takeout, and sympathetic smiles, and even just that was enough to brighten his week, to pull him from the dangerous rut he'd grooved himself into the last two days. They sat on the old chair in the sitting room and she'd put the movie in as he sat with Lily – he didn't really register much of the movie, and Donna could tell. She saw the distant look in his eyes, the way he seemed to look through the television. Curled up on the couch next to him and her daughter, she hit the pause button on the movie, looking over at the man who was startled out of his stupor by the sudden absence of noise. He looked over at her. \"Everything okay?\" he asked softly. \"I don't know, you tell me. How're you going to hold up?\" the woman asked. Tracy felt his face flush, looking down at Lily, who was playing with the remote that her mother had placed on the couch besides her. \"I'll – I'll manage,\" he said, though he wasn't exactly sure if it were true or not. \"Maybe find work inJeffersonCounty.\" \"You know, my husband was a fairy, and Lily's a fairy, and up until a few days ago, I thought fairies were make believe, stories that parents tell their children before bed. I'm just,\" she laughed absently, \"I'm just a silly old human and I know nothing about my daughter, about what she is. And I think Lily was wrong, the other night. She had it backwards. We need you .\" Using the wooden chopsticks, Tracy pulled wearily at the noodles in the carton. He wanted nothing more than to stay with Lily, the poor dear, having to grow up a fairy on the human plane. Even if she was only half fairy, it was still going to be difficult. But come next week when he couldn't pay rent, he'd be evicted and on his own, and with no one hiring – or more accurately, no one hiring him – in the county, he had to take the shot in Jefferson as soon as he could, covering as much ground as possible before the winter set in. \"I – I wish I could help, Donna. I do. I know how hard it is to be out of your element like this but… I have to get going. There's a lot you can do for her, even as a human. She needs a good mother, someone understanding enough to get through those difficult years of haywire magic, and I know you can do that for her. I'll help as much as I can, but – cards on the table – I'm going to be pretty much useless. Especially if she grows wings. Hard to tell at her age, without the proper equipment. Don't have any of that, obviously.\" Lily's face lit up, \"I'm going to have wings , like Daddy?\" \"Very possible,\" he told her, though he could see her mother blanch at the notion. As a first time mother, 'wing care and treatment' probably wasn't covered in the training books. He gave her a sad smile. \"It'll be okay, they won't come in for a few years.\" Donna stared at him for a moment, thoughtful. \"Can I ask you a question?\" Her brow had creased and the gentle smile had fled from her face. It worried him a bit that her demeanor would change so suddenly, but he expected it from a mother who'd just learned her daughter was a fairy. He'd do his best to ease her worries. \"What's that?\" A beat passed between them, and she took the remote from her daughter, who had just changed the hue to coat the picture in a deep blue, making it look as if the scene took place underwater, perhaps just to put some space between her and the looming question. \"What happened to your home? Fairyland, I mean.\" She asked quietly. He felt his heart give an uncomfortable thud in his chest and he sighed. It was a question that was bound to come up sooner or later, what with her daughter and him and the episode he'd had last week. \"We weren't the only ones,\" he started. \"There were a lot before us. Dragons and leprechauns and trolls… they all disappeared, because people stopped believing in them.\" Donna's eyes went wide, eyebrows arching up her forehead. \"Just like that?\" she asked softly. He shook his head. \"I wish. No… it's not as quick and painless as they make it sound, like it all happened in the bat of a wing. It's… it takes a long time, because everyone puts up a fight. No one wants to be disenchanted, you know – that's what it's called. So there's this thing that comes to your plane of existence and it's hungry, it's always hungry, and it feeds on magic. All of us – fairies, dragons, leprechauns, mermaids – we all need magic to survive. It's like… you humans have blood, air and food, and that's what you need to live. We need all that too, but we need magic , we need people to believe, or else it can take everything from us. And it takes our magic, from the world, from the air, from our bodies, and it's horrible. Once it makes it into your world, there's no getting it out. Even if there's just a trace of it left, it breeds in disbelief, and it eats your world from the inside out. I didn't stick around to watch it happen.\" Lily went still in his lap, not daring to move a muscle the whole time he spoke. She folded her hands in her lap and seemed to shrink. \"The bogeymen,\" she added; Tracy nodded in agreement. \"That's right, little Lily,\" he continued, \"and you were right about them eating my dreams, too. But they can't hurt us, now.\" He bent over and hugged her gently. \"They're gone.\" \"Is that it, then?\" Donna asked quietly, \"They're just going to eat everything here too?\" \"No. the Human plane is safe. You lot don't have any magic for them to feed off of. And I hate to say it, but this place is like home to them. All the disbelief and foul feelings here, it's the prefect breeding grounds, like a lake to mosquitoes.\" Tracy picked Lily up from the sofa between his knees and set her in his lap. Even as a human child, it would be expected for someone of her age to be frightened of these monsters – children were so much smarter than adults, they knew that there were dangers lurking in the dark that the grown ups couldn't see. They were hyperaware, keen to every thing that happened around them – sometimes things that couldn't be seen or heard or touched, things that had to be believed . That's where the magic came from, created and used in a continuous cycle that fed both worlds. They were pure, untainted by the lies fed to them over the years of their adolescence. No such thing as Tooth Fairies . He scoffed lightly. \"Children stopped believing, and Fairies stopped existing. All except for a few of us, according to Lily.\" She nodded enthusiastically. \"Some of them even remember, too! They're the lucky ones, like you Mister Tracy!\" He smiled sadly and nodded. \"I wouldn't exactly call myself 'lucky' at the moment, sweetie. I've got a lot on my hands at the moment, and things are going to get pretty tough. You might not see me for a while, okay?\" The young girl scrunched her face up in disapproval. \"You can't go!\" she protested. He sighed. He didn't want to go, but what choice did he have? \"Ask him mommy!\" she pleaded, reaching over and tugging on Donna's sleeve. \"Ask him what?\" she prodded, a look of confusion forming on her face. Her daughter could be so cryptic sometimes, but at least now she knew why. \"What you were thinking about asking him in the car!\" Her eyes went wide for a moment before she remembered Tracy's explanation about how younger fairies had such an excess of magic, so much that sometimes it literally burst forth from them, unsure of what else to do. He'd said that Lily didn't have quite that much magic, but it was more than enough to facilitate her uncanny abilities. Donna's face softened, and she smoothed down her daughter's hair, a small smile playing across her lips at her antics. \"Ask him.\" She urged, her words drawn out in a whine of impatience. The woman looked up at Tracy, who was rather confused. \"Ask me? Ask me what?\" \"You don't have to leave, you know.\" She said. \"It's just me and Lily, at home. We could use you around. What do you say?\" Her words processed slowly, each individual syllable taking forever to make sense in his mind. He was caught off guard, and he didn't know what to say. He was shocked speechless, literally, and it took him several minutes just to find his voice, during which Lily laughed happily at his reaction, chanting \"It's a yes! It's a yes!\" through her giggles. The nod started out slow at first, but gradually picked up speed as he realized what had just happened, eyes widening. The little girl shrieked happily as he hugged her before planting a friendly kiss on Donna's cheek, bubbling an endless stream of gratitude. The blaring sound of the movie interrupted him as Lily hit the play button. He couldn't help himself from grinning like a fool as they all sat a little closer, the worry in his chest dissipating and something truly brilliant filling the space it left, something he hadn't felt in years . Happy. Tracy was a caseworker. He always had been, and it really was what he did best. The hours were long, and sometimes he was called in on a bit of an emergency, but very rarely did he mind – the pay was good, and he liked his clients well enough. It was always a good feeling, being able to help someone out of a jam, being able to point people in the right direction and better the community. Sure, there was a lot of paperwork involved, but really it had always been that way, lots of paperwork, lots of people. People, not fairies. Things had turned around when he started living with Donna and Lily. Everything seemed less of a burden – people recognized him as a stable part of society – he recognized himself as part of the Human plane, now, almost a person of mixed heritage. He had roots in fantasy, but was slowly sowing the seeds of a life amongst humans. He was finally free of that dead-end job, free of that miserable apartment, free of the burden of not knowing who he was, and suddenly things just got better. He found a job, a well paying job that started off as simple secretary in child services. He knew that's where he belonged, helping children. It was almost impulsive, for him, and he was accepted due to his previous tenure as a caseworker and the fact that the agency was in need of a good secretary. It was only a matter of time before they realized his strengths in working with others, with children, with families in need of help, and up the metaphorical ladder he went. He earned a good living, and between his and Donna's income, their haphazard family lived comfortably. It was funny, that only a few years ago Tracy had been convinced that the human plane was a terrible place to be; he pitied those few good people in the world, and he would have laughed had anyone told him this would be his life. Lily came bounding towards him when he walked through the front door – He got home much later than the girls, who both ended their day at three thirty. Lily was a third grader, now, a big girl, and Donna was a teacher at the local elementary school. He gave her a quick hug before her mother called for her. \"You still have homework to do!\" Tracy sat with her at the kitchen table, helping her with her math homework – she seemed to be having trouble mastering the double-digit multiplication, but they'd have that fixed in a tick, wouldn't they, he told her. It was a long and grueling process, but they kept at it until she could tackle and double-digit numbers he threw at her. She tucked the worksheets away in her school folder and pulled out a black and white map of the Unites States, dragging with it a pack of Crayola crayons to color the individual states. Her scarlet red scribbled acrossGeorgia. \"Mister Tracy,\" she said, filling in the thick black lines, clutching the crayon in one fist. \"When am I going to get my wings?\" He furrowed his brow and pressed his lips into a hard line. Donna joined them at the table, having too been curious about her daughter's development. He wrung his hands together for a moment before plucking her from her seat and bouncing her on his knee. \"There's this thing called 'Fairy Evolution.' It says that sometimes fairies get wings and sometimes they don't. And because your mum isn't a fairy, there's that to factor in and – and humans don't have wings… So even though your dad did…\" \"So I'm not going to get wings?\" she asked, looking up at him. He sighed. \"They would have come in by now, sweet heart. M'sorry.\" \"It's okay,\" she said, reaching for the crayon. \"You don't have wings either, Mister Tracy. You're still a fairy. So am I!\" The man felt a smile spread across his face, swallowing back a lump in his throat and ducking down to kiss her temple. \"Yes you are, Lily. Yes you are.\"[Chapter 5] She watched them. Neither one of them were exactly remarkable. Perhaps she wouldn't have noticed them at all had it not been for the little girl. The snow had fallen heavily the night before, coating Denver in an impermeable blanket of white. But as the child sat there and played, occasionally hitting her caretaker in the leg with a snowball and letting out the lightest laugh the woman had ever heard, she thought to attribute the day to chance itself. By chance, they all found themselves in the park that day. By chance, he'd had to step away to take a phone call, glancing away from the girl to write something down. By chance, she'd noticed them at all. It was not chance, however, that the snow began melting. It wasn't so much that the snow melted that caught the woman's attention, but where it melted. A perfect circle around the little girl on the ground, the snow melted, revealing bright green grass beneath. She smiled, pressing into the soft, alive earth, and from the tips of her fingers sprang toadstools, dandelions and tufts of grass. That is what caught the woman's attention; when the man placed the little pad back into his pants pocket and looked down at her, the woman could see, even from afar, the look of shocked terror that crossed his features. Immediately, he scooped the girl up and kicked snow over the new life, glancing around fearfully. The woman couldn't simply sit there and watch them leave; she supposed that was why he turned and darted for the park gates, little girl still secure in his arms. She supposed that if she hadn't given chase, he wouldn't have taken off. Then again, if she hadn't given chase, he would have slipped away - they both would have. She couldn't let them, and the moment she realized this was the moment she broke out into a run, the snow crunching beneath her boots, and her coat flying out behind her. He looked over his shoulder, discreetly as he could, and his breath hitched when he saw the woman coming up fast behind them. \"What's going on?\" she asked quietly, sensing his fear, tiny fists clutching tighter to his coat lapel. He, in turn, held her closer to him, his footsteps quickening ever-so-slightly. He was sure he could get back to the car before this woman caught up to them. She'd seen the Fairy Ring, he was certain of it. The thought sent sick spirals of nervousness through him; He'd come too far to be dragged down like this, he had too much to protect now. If it had been back then, when it had just been him and his nightmares, he might have gone down without a fight - he hadn't had any fight in him then, of course, but now - now, he had Lily. He whispered reassuringly to her, who had tears welling up in her eyes. She knew he was scared; she always did. His feet hit the chilled blacktop of the car park, and he looked back again, less discreetly this time. His heart plummeted. She was running at them, full force, coat billowing out from behind her, kicking up snow. He swore under his breath and clutched the girl to him, taking off similarly. He had the advantage on her, his legs were longer and carried him further stride-for-stride, but his gait was awkward with Lily in his arms. The cold air burned his lungs and the blood rushed in his ears as they raced. He held her with one arm, fishing in his coat pocket for his keys, and nearly slamming them both bodily into the side of the car. He ducked down and placed her in her car seat, fingers not working properly, unable to lock the seatbelt quickly enough. He stood and saw her round the corner of the car park, and he felt sick, slamming her door shut and turning to the driver's seat. The cold had numbed him hands, and he barely felt the slick handle— \"Stop! Stop, you're a- your wallet!\" Tracy faltered for a moment, patting down his pockets and finding that his wallet was, indeed, gone. The fear and dread left him for a split second as the thought crossed his mind: how had she done that? She hadn't been anywhere near close enough to him to pick his pocket. He turned to face her, seeing that she held the fold of leather securely in one gloved hand, and ran up to meet him. She was slightly out of breath, but he could still see the determination and amazement in her eyes. He took the wallet from her, and turned back to the car. \"Thank you. I have to go.\" he said heavily, avoiding eye contact, but she grabbed the door before he could swing it shut. \"Don't,\" was all she could manage. He swallowed hard; he could hear Lily sniffling quietly in the back seat, and he tried to close the door again, only to be met with resistance. \"Tracy?\" His grip tightened on the steering wheel. Despite his better judgement, he looked up at her. \"Well that's grand,\" he said bitterly. \"You know me. Care to introduce yourself?\" She stood there for a moment, dumbfounded and leaning halfway into his car. \"Clarissa.\" she said, the tone of her voice suggesting that it was common knowledge. \"Nice to meet you Clarissa, but I'm late for—\" \"A dentist's appointment. I use that all the time.\" \"M-mr. Tracy?\" he heard Lily whisper from the back seat. This sent a sudden jolt through the man, who seemed to have forgotten the weight of the situation. Had to get her home, had to get her out of there. He turned the key in the ignition. as Clarissa leaned further into the car, peering back at Lily. The woman smiled. \"Hello, sweetie,\" she cooed, before looking back at the driver. \"Is she your daughter?\" she asked. For him, it was an instinctual response, almost. He'd wanted to answer 'yes,' before he even registered what the question had been. He wasn't her father - not by a long shot - but he considered himself her dad. She and her mother meant the world to him; they were all he had any more, and he loved them both dearly. He made an odd choking noise, and only barely managed to shake his head. Her smile softened and she leaned back over to talk to Lily. \"Have fun in the snow?\" she asked; the little girl gave a meek nod. \"I saw the pretty dandelions you made. You like Fairy Rings?\" Here, Tracy's stomach dropped into oblivion, and he tried to interject, but Lily spoke up. \"Mr. Tracy doesn't know.\" she said quietly. He stopped. The words didn't add up. What didn't he know? What he did know was that this woman knew that Lily was a Fairy - probably knew he was a fairy, too - and that they were in a lot of danger. \"Doesn't matter what I know.\" he said curtly. \"You know what I know? I know that we're going to be late, and I would appreciate it if you would kindly get off of my—\" \"It's okay.\" He pressed his lips together and tightened his grip on the steering wheel. The words had come from Lily, and meant more to him than any of the conversation he and Clarissa had had. He swallowed thickly and turned towards her. \"What?\" \"It's okay,\" she said again, her tiny fingers working at the belt of her car seat. In an instant, she was out, door open and at this woman's side. He jumped from the car as she picked Lily up, before tearing the girl from her grasp. \"Don't you dare touch her.\" he hissed, trying to shield her and bring himself to his full height at the same time. Clarissa seemed to shrink back. \"Tracy - you don't remember.\" the words held unbelievable weight to them. Her eyes went from wide and excited, to somber and full of sadness for him. \"Thought that might happen. The others don't remember much either.\" she said quietly. The anger in him suddenly fled, and his heart skipped several beats at once, fluttering awkwardly in his chest as the notion struck. He dared not hope. \"Others?\" he asked, relaxing his stance. \"They don't remember much of anything about the place. That's what happens with Disenchantment,\" she sighed. There was a pause, and she laughed. \"I must sound insane to you,\" she trilled. \"It was my home too.\" he said, letting Lily grab his glasses off of his face. \"I remember.\" Something inside of his swelled with joy. She was a fairy. Ten years he'd lived on The Human Plane, and never had he met another fairy, save for Lily, a Faeid. She gave a start, the beginnings of a smile spreading over her frostbitten lips. \"There are more of us.\" she said, her voice a quiet whisper, but with more excitement than he'd heard in years. \"Eight small families in Lancaster. We think there might be more.\" It was overwhelming. That was the only way Tracy could describe that moment; he'd known that other fairies had made it out. Lily was living proof of that, her father had been a fairy. But to his knowledge, he was alone with the passing of her father. He'd been the last surviving fairy for the last decade. The thought - the fact that there were others… The corners of his lips pulled up and he let out one shaky breath, resembling a laugh. He'd been pulled from the edge of collapse by the little girl in his arms. Her mother had taken him in, given him a home and a family, when he had nothing left but the nightmarish memories of his home being ripped apart at the seams. Things had turned around after he'd called them his family, and he'd built a new life in this world, a happy life, one that he looked back on now and could smile about, genuinely smile, and he was so grateful to Lily and Donna, but the knowledge that there were other fairies, surviving and getting on somewhere in Lancaster sent a surge of joy through him. \"Come back with us.\" Clarissa said softly, her voice materializing in front of her in the cold. The puff of breath brought him back to himself, and he understood her words slowly, one at a time. She wanted him to come to Lancaster, to be amongst his own again, for the first time in ten years. His mind began reeling instantly - He'd have to take off work, find a substitute for Donna's classes, plane tickets, a hotel… He began running projected numbers and making a check list in his mind, all the while muttering senselessly about the small community in Lancaster— \"Annalise has been looking for a house mate. She doesn't like living alone,\" the woman elaborated, and Tracy's muttering came to an abrupt halt. He looked squarely at her, expression blank. \"What?\" \"Annalise,\" she repeated, \"I know you probably don't remember her, but after what happened on that day, she's terrified of being alone, poor thing. We didn't all have each other right off the bat, you know. Took some time to find one another, not unlike this right now; a lot of us thought we were alone.\" Tracy swallowed hard. He knew that feeling all too well. The early months after Lily helped him, gave him back his magic, the dread and the looming notion weighed heavily on his mind, even through the gratitude towards the two. He knew what it was like to be afraid of being alone, to feel the mere ghost of the black tar boogeymen and fear its presence. He nodded vaguely, trying to process the old information and the new. She wanted him to move to Lancaster, to live within the small community of his own species. She wanted him to leave Denver. \"Mr. Tracy?\" he heard, and he squinted down at Lily, who held his glasses out to him. He shoved them roughly back onto the bridge of his nose and he could see she was smiling. \"You can go,\" she said; her voice was sad, but she meant it. \"I know you miss them.\" Something was pushing its way up the man's throat. He hugged the little girl close to him, stopping only to bend over and place her back in her car seat, securing her straps and kissing her head before ducking out and closing both her door and his own, turning back to Clarissa and striking up the conversation again. Lily watched them from the car. They moved away, so she couldn't hear what they were saying through the glass, but she saw her dad's hands shaking. He was gesturing wildly, and had his back to the car. The little girl could only see his friend's face, and she remained more or less passive as she took in what he was saying. It all stopped suddenly when Tracy folded his arms tight across his chest, and she smiled warmly up at him and nodded, saying something. He hugged her enthusiastically, like the way Lily saw him hug mother, before she broke and reached into her purse, handing him a slip of paper and walking off. He stood there for a moment, watching her go, frozen as the snow on the ground until she was out of sight, when he turned and walked back to the car, fingering the piece of paper as if it were going to blow away like ashes in his hand. He got in the car, the warmth a shock for him, coming in from the cold, and he placed the paper on the dashboard compartment for a moment. He sank back into the seat, removing his glasses and pressing the heels of his palms to his eyes, making that odd choking noise again. That had been perhaps the most difficult decision he'd ever made. He was confident he'd made it well. Lily suddenly realized what had just happened. She'd told him to go, because she knew he missed being with other fairies, but it occurred to her now that he was going to leave. It was bitter sweet for the child; she knew he was going somewhere where he would be really happy, but she didn't want him to leave. She didn't want to never see him again. She unbuckled herself, listening to his unsteady breathing, and climbed up across the armrest in the front of the car and sat heavily beside him, her own voice rising in pitch. \"Mr. Tracy? Are you going to go live with them? Mr. Tracy? M— Dad?\" she whined, and he took a deep breath, scooping her up and setting her in his lap, putting the car back in park for the moment. He brought a hand up to her face and thumbed away the tears that had begun to collect on her lashes. \"I'm not going anywhere, sweet heart.\" he said, holding her as she hugged him back, as forcefully as her tiny frame could. \"I've got my family, right here in Denver.\" She had her face buried in his shirt, and he could barely make out her words, but they made him smile nonetheless. Trying to keep the unnecessary tears at bay, now that she knew he was wasn't leaving them, she mumbled into his chest: \"I love you, dad.\" He rubbed her back gently and thought about just what turning down Clarissa's offer meant. Yes. He'd definitely made the right choice. ","Summary":" Sometimes he still had nightmares about it. Vague, blurry images that flit through his mind like wa"},{"Movie":"Charlie Bartlett","Title":"Nathan Gardner","Author":"YoungmindOldsoul","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8061827","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note : As people may know, I love Robert Downey Jr. He's just an amazing actor and a great guy, not that I know him personally. This is of course fiction, hence, the names coming from the movie Charlie Bartlett except the girl's name which I made up but I'm sure there's a person with that name somewhere. He's so hot as a teacher, nuff said . I also will be continuing the RDJude fanfic. Just been busy as of lately. My buzzer went off, my hand searching for the snooze button. I can't stand that noise. First day of school, I realize, I really don't give a damn what day it is. My brain is stuck on summer and I won't move from this spot until my alarm goes off in another 10 minutes. 10 Minutes Later Alright, alright. I got up and showered and got dressed. I was kind of nervous to be going to school. First day, senior, new teachers, and I'm taking over what Charlie Bartlett left behind. That guy was truly a legend. I also heard the principal quit and went back to being a history teacher. Mr. Gardner, I think his name was. I drive up to the school with 7 mins to spare. My schedule in hand and being at this school for 3 years has come in handy to my sense of directions. First class, Mr. Gardner. Surprise, surprise. I hope he isn't a stick in the mud. Nor a pain in the ass. I walk into his class, nearly full. \"Hello, Ms...?\" \"Darrens, Skylar Darrens.\" I outstretched my hand and grasped his hand. It was gentle but firm. I got butterflies and somewhat sighed, I suppose. I was a little dazed for a second. \"Well, choose a seat Ms. Darrens.\" Mr. Gardner gestured his hand towards the open seats.[Chapter 2] Author's note: Three words & a smiley face: Nathan Gardner. Enjoy :) Oh and if there's any mistakes, sorry. Been typing this up on my phone since 12AM-1:40AM. REALLY TIRED. I sat by the window where I could just look outside at the field and daydream. The class went by fast as Mr. Gardner made jokes and passed out the usual syllabus. Every time I looked up he seemed to be glancing my way. Not that there's anything wrong with it, I mean, I was ignoring him practically. \"Ms. Darrens, I'm sure you've been at Summit long enough to know the guidelines. So, when a teacher is talking or teaching what should we, the class, be doing?\" Mr. Gardner leaned on his desk, arms crossed with a smirk. \"Please don't make me retort in a sarcastic and embarrassing way.\" I looked straight into those beautiful brown orbs and smirked back. \"Oh, please. Cry me a river.\" \"Says the man who couldn't control Charlie Bartlett.\" Everyone began to instigate the situation. \"A kid who used his potential in the wrong way. Oh well. That's his life. Anyways,\" Gardner turned back towards the class. \"this class should be as easy as adding two plus two.\" The bell rings dismissing first period. \"Skylar, stay behind.\" Are you serious? How the hell did I get into trouble on the very first day of school... That's my problem. I'm too impulsive, doing and saying whatever I choose to. A bad habit of many. I stand up and lean on the desk I was sitting in. Mr. Gardner walks over, putting his hands on either side of me, leaning. \"Do you have a problem with me?\" Gardner said, leaning so close I could feel his breath upon my lips. Oh my... Problem? I think there just might be. I'm completely attracted to this man. I can feel the blush creep up my neck and cheeks. \"N-no.\" I stutter. I'm never nervous around guys. This is a first. I glance at his chest and arms, flexing... A lot in his black button up. \"Good.\" He leaned in closer towards my ear. \"This should be a fun school year for you then.\" He leaned back and walked towards his desk as if nothing just happened. What a flirt. Walking into my house, I'm hit with the smell of food. \"Hi, sweetheart.\" My mother says. \"First day didn't kill you.\" \"Not yet. The teachers are alright.\" More than alright. Mr. Gardner was... Something. He's my teacher and I'm still legally a child. It's only 8 months away until my 18th birth- Wait, how am I discussing a relationship with a man I know nothing about and I don't even know if he has any interest in me. All I know is if anyone found out anything until I'm 18, we're screwed. I get to school slightly early for a morning workout. I run laps around the track and go to the weight room for crunches and pull-ups. I catch a movement in my peripheral. \"It's impolite to stare.\" I say doing constant pull-ups as if unaffected. \"You should take it as a compliment.\" Gardner says. I slow down then completely stop. Hadn't expected him at all. Not only was it weird that he was staring but I was also wearing a sports bra. \"Cut the BS. It's obvious you're attracted to me.\" I say forwardly. \"What makes you think that?\" Gardner walks towards me, getting closer. He cuts the distance so much I can feel his breath on me like yesterday. \"How close you get to me and how you can't seem to keep your eyes off me...\" I stare into his eyes and I'm drowning in them. I don't know who leaned in first but I don't care. Gardner's lips touched mine gently at first with hesitance and then acceptance. I slid my hands up his chest, to his neck, and into his hair. Deepening the kiss until he pulled back. \"Gardner...\" I whimpered. He leaned his forehead to mine. \"It's alright to call me Nathan.\" Nathan said breathing fast. He looked at his watch and sighed. \"40 minutes until school starts.\" \"I have to get dressed.\" \"We'll talk later. At lunch?\" \"Uh, yeah.\" I step back and look up at Nathan. His hair was slightly messed about and his eyes gleaming with something inexplicable. Throughout first period, I kept to myself and never looked at Nathan for too long a time. Paranoid someone would know of our kiss. Second period was a breeze with Literature and then lunch came around. My friends had invited me over but I told them I'd probably go off campus. As I was walking I bumped into someone. \"I'm sorry.\" I apologized. I looked into green piercing eyes as they stared back. \"No problem. No harm, no foul.\" The guy laughed. I supposed he was new. I hadn't seen him around Summit at all. \"Thank you for your generosity. I'm Skylar.\" Outreaching my hand to shake the guy's hand, I smiled politely. \"I'm Patrick.\" Tall, dark brown hair, and obviously muscular but slender figure. He was my definition of fine. \"I'll see you 'round.\" \"Definitely.\" Patrick said as I walked away. Hurriedly, I went towards Nathan's classroom and opened the door, closing it behind me. \"Thought you weren't gonna show.\" Nathan stands up with his hands in his pockets. \"Cold feet or regret.\" \"Regret, no. Paranoia, yes.\" I giggled. \"Good, so, I know you probably have the same concerns as I do. Getting caught, age difference, and what we'll end up being in the future.\" \"Hadn't quite thought of the last one...but continue.\" \"If we're gonna make whatever this is work we should know each other.\" \"Good idea.\" \"I'm 42, I have a daughter a year older than you, and I love Italian food.\" \"Um, wow. Ok, I'm 17, live with my mom until next year, and I love the beach.\" \"Damn, this sounds more wrong aloud than it did in my head.\" Nathan scratches the back of his head and begins pacing behind his desk. \"Too bad it feels so right.\" I sigh. \"I should go. I'd understand if you're not up to this.\" I grasp the doorknob and feel I hand over my grasp. \"Don't go. It might be wrong but this can work...\" Nathan leans towards me. I meet him halfway with my lips to his. It's fierce this time. He's not as hesitant and seems to mold his body to mine against the door. I can feel his erection pressing into my lower stomach and that just turns me on even more. The bell rings. Alerting that lunch has ended. \"Ugh, great timing.\" I say. Nathan laughs. \"I'm sure your little buddy down there isn't too happy about it neither.\" Nathan looks down and then back up. \"Very good point. Now to make it go away before some of my students get the wrong idea.\" Nathan kisses me again. \"That won't help. I've got to go, Nathan.\" He growls primal-like. \"Say it again, my name.\" Nathan leans into me again making me lean into the door. I feel his erection. \"Nathan...\" I moan. He leans down to my ear, seductively whispering. \"You still want me to stop.\" \"N-Yes. I have class.\" I get on my tippy-toes and kiss his cheek. \"Bye, Nathan.\"[Chapter 3] Author's note: I'm tired but I love me some Nathan Gardner. It's the end of the day. I head towards my car, get inside and it won't start. Just my luck. I don't know whether to call triple A, my mom or go to... Nathan. This is the perfect excuse to get to know him and for him to give me a ride home. I walk back into the school building towards Nathan's class and he's still inside doing work, grading most likely. \"Knock, knock.\" I say knocking on the door the same time I actually knock. \"Oh, hey, Skylar. I thought you would've been gone by now.\" Nathan removes his glasses. \"Yeah... about that. My car won't start so I was wondering if you could drop me off at my house and I could call Triple A.\" Nice, Skylar . I don't know if he'd be comfortable with the situation. Hopefully there's no one really around to see us. Not like anyone would care. I have a few friends and barely any enemies as far as I know. We should be fine. \"Sure, no problem.\" I gave him directions and we finally arrive in front of my house. \"Nice house.\" Nathan says conversationally. \"Thanks and thanks for the ride, Nathan.\" \"You should really be careful about how you say my name. It does something to me.\" Nathan gulps and moves his hips somewhat. I slide my hand over onto his lap and move my hand slowly up and down his thigh. \"I'm never carefu.\" I say seductively. \"Good, that being said you should come over for dinner Friday night.\" He clears his throat, erection obviously growing. \"Hmm... I think I can do that.\" I slip my hand even higher, unbuttoning and unzipping his pants swiftly. I look into his eyes and they're gleamed over with arousal and lust. My hand goes into his pants, down into his boxers grabbing his member. Nathan gasps. It's warm and smooth... It feels amazing. But I'm a tease. \"Well, I gotta go.\" I kiss him on the cheek. \"By Nathan.\" I jump out of his car before he can object and wave goodbye to him. Looking at him, I see his mouth is open in shock. I've got him right where I want him, wrapped around my finger. Author's note: Cliffhanger kind of :) ","Summary":" Author's Note : As people may know, I love Robert Downey Jr. He's just an amazing actor and a great"},{"Movie":"Charlie Bartlett","Title":"How to Deal","Author":"K-chan and It","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4385069","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So sarahofearth got the stonenrolling for Charlie Bartlett fics with her story Taste of His OwnnMedicine , and I have decided to give it a little push. Here itnis, kiddies. Another depressing story from yours truly, complete withnrandom what-ifness and a complimentary cliffhanger. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own CharlienBartlett, or anything related to it. How to Deal Charlie couldn't see a thing. Hencould hear Mr. Gardner 'venting' at his innocent toy boats, but hendidn't dare look up. No, he was busy burying his face into hisnshaking hands, brow furrowed in obvious distress. When dealing with wild creatures,navoid all eye contact... He could hardly remember how he hadngotten into this position, which was odd as he had just entered thenhouse minutes ago. He had a very detailed plan to carry out, too,nincluding coaxing the worries out of his poor ex-principal, thennmarching him over to the school play where he would make up with hisndaughter, who would instantly forgive him. And they would livenhappily ever after. He had it all sorted out. .. avoid all eye contact, as theynmay see it as an opening... Yet here he was now, collapsed in anlawn chair with his head in his hands, his 'poor ex-principal' wavingna gun and whining about life. Not to mention reminding Charlie thatnhe was the cause of all the horrible events, and that he was not verynpleased with him at the moment. These weren't the most encouragingnwords coming from a drunken and armed man. It had all seemednso much easier to carry out his ideas as he was pondering what to saynin the back of the old taxi he came in. .. an opening to pounce, or anthreat to their well-being... He didn't dare get up from his seatnagain. The last thing he wanted was for either of them to get hurt.nWho knew what the older man would do next? He was on such an edgenthat his whole body was shaking. Then again, he looked about ready toncollapse. Perhaps he would, and Charlie would be able to breathenagain, a task that seemed impossible at the moment. Nonetheless, henhad already experienced enough surprises for the day. He wondered ifnjust sitting back in his chair until this ordeal ended would be thenbest choice. Still, the door was looking pretty good right about now. Back away slowly, so as not tonstartle them... The teen was dragged out of hisnthoughts by a noise resembling a grunt. He lifted his head with anstart, to see Mr. Gardner flap his mouth open and closed, as if aboutnto say something but deciding against it. He rested his gun againstnhis temple, deep in thought. Charlie gripped his arm rests,nsuspecting and denying what might be about to occur. He was scared,nnow. Flat out frightened. The man started another word that thenyounger couldn't hear over the panic ringing loudly in his ears,nshutting off any trains of thought. Gardner waggled his finger,nrolling his eyes as he stumbled to the front of the porch,noverlooking the pool. Charlie's knuckled turned white as he rose fromnthe chair, his eyes wide. The gun was pointing directly at thenman's head. \" Mr. Gardner! Stop!\"nCharlie cried, pouncing on the other. He reached for the gun, unablento follow his original idea of tackling him to the ground. Instead,nhe tried vainly and desperately to unbalance him. Unfortunately,nNathan Gardner was much too strong. The weapon was waving wildly innthe air, occasionally spraying bullets into the cool blue waternbeneath them. \" What are you-!\" Nathannbegan, displeased that he could not commit suicide in peace. If henhadn't been so drunk, he would have remembered he couldn't afford tonleave everything behind. However, he was, and his only thought on thensubject was \"screw it\". He continued to wrestle over thenloaded gun, his common sense drowned in alcohol. A gunshot rang, filling both of theirnears. Two pairs of eyes enlarged, two bodies froze as they realizednthe damage that had been done. Time seemed to freeze as crimsonnliquid spilt to the ground, a dark mark blossoming under Charlie'snnavel. His breath became ragged as he stared at the spot, matchingnNathan's as he sobered enough to notice his mistake. \" Ch- Chuck-?\" Charlie was falling, fallingnendlessly and never stopping. His stomach must have been ripping opennfrom the pain he felt. A distant voice passed him, a distant voicenleft. And yet again, Charlie could not see a thing. Do not approach a wild creature,nas they are prone to attack. -- There it is, chapter one. Any kind ofnreview will please me. I'll write a second if I get even one review.nThanks, and see you next time! ... Hopefully.[Chapter 2] Thank you very much for everyone whonread my story. I am so grateful! the Blonde Bohemian : Thank you!nI will. :) saraofearth : Thanks for such anlong review! I am so honored that you took so much time for my fic!nAnd that God-I-wish-I-wrote-half-as-goodntype feeling? I got the same from your story! Hurray for usnself-decapitators! By thenway, here's a small tidbit I forgot to mention in the last chapter.nThere are three people sharing the account K-channand It . I am the low-lifenwho's name hasn't been included in the title, That .nSomeday, I dream of making my own account. For now? I'll mooch. Disclaimer : I do not own CharlienBartlett, or anything related to it. How to Deal Susan Gardner placed a small curlernto her lashes, lifting her pupils to the broken ceiling above her.nWrapping them in the teeth of her tool, she straightened them out tontheir full extent and doused them in black mascara. Students yellednand fussed around her, determined to make their reflective playnperfect. \" God, Jamie! You made a typo onnthe pamphlet! What are we supposed to do now?\" \" Anyone know where the keys tonthe storage room are?\" \" Fifteen minutes 'til curtain,nkiddies!\" She snickered at their antics. Thatnwas her student body; always so dramatic. \" Could you honestly cake on anynmore makeup then you already have?\" a voice from the doorwaynteased. Susan swiveled around, grinning in expectation of her Charlienleaning against the doorway smirking. Her face fell. \" Oh, hey Henry,\" shensighed, turning back to the mirror disappointedly. \" Nice to know I'm sonappreciated.\" Susan rolled her eyes at the sarcastic tone,nreaching for her blush. Henry moaned. \" Seriously, Susan. It won't benlong before your face isn't even visible,\" he warned. \" Whynmust you lower yourself to such heavy makeup? Reminds me of a-\" \" Get out, Henry!\" Susannlaughed, throwing a well-aimed wad of tissue she had used to wipe offnexcess lipstick at his surprised face. He jumped back as if thatnwhite piece of garbage carried the bubonic plague in it's fibers. \" Geez! That's disgusting!\"nthe frantic boy complained, stalking out of the room. \" Women!\" The young woman giggled, picking upnher trash and disposing of it in the nearest garbage. She couldnalways count on Henry to give her a good ol' laugh at his expense. After finishing with her blush, Susannstared out at the sea of people beginning to form in the auditorium.nSome looked uncomfortable and shifty as they sized up the 'ruffians'nthey would be sharing seats with. Others, especially the youngernmembers of the audience, looked huffy and displeased to be there,nsomething a performer wouldn't enjoy seeing just before he or she hitnthe stage. And she was going to sing for them. The horror. A sick feeling twisted itself intonher stomach, gripping at her insides and filling her with nausea. Shenhoped for Charlie to get back soon, though she was not so sure if shenhoped for her father to be in tow. After all, he had tried to landnher boyfriend in prison. Probably would have tried to keep him there,ntoo. \" Eh, Susan. Um.. the show'sngoing to start soon..\" Kip began timidly as he hesitated at thendoor of the dressing room, unsure if he should step in. His eyesnlanded on the mess of contents on her table, then drifted to the robenshe was still wearing around herself. He gulped. \" Are- Are younabout ready?\" \" Just about,\" she repliednwith a false smile. False, but convincing enough for someone who wasntoo busy staring at his feet anyway. \" Chin up, Kip! We'rendepending on you!\" The teen gave her his infamousngrimace-grin and turned to leave, when suddenly a thought struck himnand he turned on her again. \" By the way, I was wondering ifnyou knew where Charlie is?\" he asked softly. She frowned at him,nher eyes raised. \" He went to collect anothernguest, actually. I don't exactly know how long it will take him.\" Kip looked disappointed. \" Injust thought since you were his.. y'know..\" He blushed, a deepnshade of red filling his whole face and crawling down his neck. \"nUm, I'll be over there.\" He hurried off in the wrong directionnof where he pointed, leaving Susan alone again. She hoped she hadn'tnfrightened him off. Her thoughts were interrupted by the familiarnring of her cell phone, which she snapped open anxiously. She hadnforgotten to turn the stupid thing off. She could imagine herselfnnow, opening her mouth to say her lines to be interrupted by thenjingle of 'Over the Rainbow'. She would have died there and th- \" Hello?\" \" Hello, is this Susan Gardner?\" \" Depends. Who's this?\"nSusan teased, swinging her legs as she spoke. \" This is St. Mark Hospital. Wenwere wondering if you had the contact number of a Mrs. MarilynnBartlett-\" Susan's heart could have stopped. Shenswallowed a lump in her throat, speaking in a shaky but somewhatncontrolled voice. \" Could..\" she stopped, hernvoice squeaking. \" Could I ask why?\" \" We have a Mr. Nathan Gardnernand-\" Susan dropped her cell. -- There it is, my twisted chapter two.nPlease continue to read and review, as I will greatly appreciate it.nIf I made any mistakes, please correct me so I can fix them. Hope tonsee you in the dreaded chapter three![Chapter 3] Erm, I have no elaborate excuse tonexplain my lack of update. I don't think I'll even try to come upnwith one... Anyhow, I had completely given up onnthis story (and my muse) when I received a lovely message fromnuphill09 asking me to continue, and so here I am, thank you verynmuch. c: SHAMOOOO : Haha! Thank you fornyour (hyperactive) review. Now go take your pills. Gala000085 : I'm so glad thatnyou like it. Please continue to bare with me and my insane angst. b00kWorM0502 : I agree! I guessnwe're just... twisted that way. heartfallen : Thank you. I willncontinue to do my best! uphill09 : Thanks, I reallynappreciated your message! This update is a result of it! Disclaimer: I do not own CharlienBartlett. How to Deal \" Mr. Gardner shot me.\" As Charlie Bartlett woke from hisnsedatives in room 309 of the St. Mark Hospital, this was his firstnrealization. After that, things got foggy. He didn't mean to , thenteenager thought wearily. At least, I don't think so. As his mind began to clear, Charlientook note of his surroundings. I am in a hospital room, and I amnnot dead. He paused, taking a small breath. And my stomachnhurts like hell. From this much, the matter at handnfinally made itself prioritized. He was in a hospital, meaning Mr.nGardner had brought him there and was at this moment being questionednby the police. If they found what had taken place, the older mannwould be arrested immediately for questioning. This was not annoption. At this moment, two heavy-setnofficers entered the room, followed by a very flustered lookingnnurse. Relief swept through the course wrinkles of her face when shensaw Charlie to be conscious, and she dashed to his side at a speednthat would not be expected by a woman of her age. \" It's wonderful to see younawake, dear,\" she crooned. \" How are you feeling?\" \" Okay, thank you,\" Charliencroaked, surprised at how parched he was feeling. \" Do younsuppose I could have some wat-?\" \" You two!\" the nurseninterrupted shrilly, swinging the two officers that had beenncarefully approaching. \" This young man needs rest! I insistnthat you leave immediate-! Oh, don't worry about getting up dear.nI'll get you the water.\" Charlie, feeling very confused andntired, laid back down. The nurse smiled and moved to pour the water. \" He has to be asked now,\"nsaid one of the officers, flipping a notepad anxiously in his hands.n\" It will only be a few questions, and it must be done beforenhis mother arrives.\" Charlie started. He hadn't evennconsidered his mother until now. What state would she come in, tonfind her only son recovering from a bullet wound? \" Can you not just give himnseveral minutes to collect himself?\" hissed the older woman,nglaring at the pair. \" It will barely take a minute,\"nthe officer replied. The nurse huffed, chewing her lip, then threwnher hands up and stormed out of the room. The second officer moved tonclose the door, then joined the first man at the foot of the bed. \" Son, we have a few questionsnfor you,\" he said, folding his arms and raising thick, blackneyebrows. Charlie wondered if the two were planning on playing somensort of good cop/bad cop routine. If not, he really didn't see thenpoint of both of their presences. \" To start off, what exactlynhappened before you were shot?\" Ignoring the first officer's madnscribbles along his notepad, Charlie took a breath and shut his eyes.nHow was he going to get out of this one? If the police concluded thatnMr. Gardner had willingly shot him, and he was charged as guilty, whonknew what could happen? Susan could be sent to child services. Ornworse; her mother. \" I took a taxi to Mr. Gardner'snhouse,\" the panicked boy began, imagining the horrors of Susannbecoming fatherless. \" I came in the hopes of inviting him to anschool play, one in which his daughter was playing the main role.\" The two men nodded, urging him toncontinue. \" When I got there, he...\"nOf course, the men had probably already tested Mr. Gardner fornintoxication. This could get difficult. \" He was pretty drunk...nwhen I let myself in. He seemed pretty angry about my entrance,nactually. He started to insult me, and I got angry.. I took the gun-\" \" You took the gun?\"nasked the first officer skeptically. \"Who had it before then?\" Damn , the boy cussed inwardly. Now what? \" Nobody,\" Charlienscrambled, cursing his own stupidity. \" I found it on thentable.\" \" On the table?\" asked thenofficer, raising his eyebrows again. Charlie swallowed. \" Yes. I picked it up andnstarted waving it around, threatening to shoot him or myself. Indidn't plan to do anything with it; I was just angry Really angry...nSo he tried to take it away from me.\" Charlie took a tiny breath, andnlowered his eyes. He felt sick and tired. \" I shot myself in the struggle.nIt was completely my fault,\" he finished, his voice cracking. \" Mr. Gardner is innocent.\" ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ This chapter was poorly written, and Inapologize. I promise I will get back into the funk of thingsnsoon..... Aaand I won't take a year to update. ^^u ","Summary":" So sarahofearth got the stonenrolling for Charlie Bartlett fics with her story Taste of His OwnnMed"},{"Movie":"Valkyrie","Title":"The World's Choice","Author":"Felicie Senta","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4897450","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The plot discovered, covered up, Death to all who joined, all who plotted, The diaries and journals found and ripped. But Hitler could not stop the seed that was planted. Hate and hate makes the world great, But Valkyrie proved Hitler wrong, The hate only brings everything to rust. What is this world we wanted all along? The choice is yours, Suicide or execution, A hero's death or a coward's curse, The life has become a setting sun. Hate and hate makes the world great, But Valkyrie proved Hitler wrong, The hate only brings everything to rust. What is this world we wanted all along? Some died in sin, Some died with hate, Some died with kin. Well others died for it was fate. Hate and hate makes the world great, But Valkyrie proved Hitler wrong, The hate only brings everything to rust. What is this world we wanted all along? Did Stauffenberg stand tall? Was his head angled upward? Or did he trip and fall? Is the cause he loved still upheld? Hate and hate makes the world great, But Valkyrie proved Hitler wrong, The hate only brings everything to rust. What is this world we wanted all along? He mounted the steps, Looked at Hitler, his hangman, \"The cause will not stop!\" And Stauffenberg opened angel wings, stretching their wingspan. Hate and hate makes the world great, But Valkyrie proved Hitler wrong, The hate only brings everything to rust. What is this world we wanted all along? He didn't lose the day his breath stilled, He won respect, love, and eternal bliss, Hitler believed the cause, the idea stifled. But a flame will not be smothered without a hiss. Hate and hate makes the world great, But Valkyrie proved Hitler wrong, The hate only brings everything to rust. What is this world we wanted all along? Yes, boredom has completely taken over. I like the new foramt for poems (one of the first I've ever done that way) Of course, R&R;, as always. Yours, Fel ","Summary":" The plot discovered, covered up, Death to all who joined, all who plotted, The diaries and journals"},{"Movie":"Valkyrie","Title":"Let's not all fall down","Author":"Haneru","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4799275","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This idea came after I watched Valkyrie which was a month ago… any way. I'm not all certain this thing could have happened in real life during that time. The story/one shot is completely fiction but with some true facts to it. One or two of the characters, are from a book called, \"Snow Treasure\" by Marie McSwigan. I don' own this book or it's characters. It was snowing in Norway in the winter of 1940. In 1939 another war started up again with the attack of Poland. The brown haired major had just finished making rounds. Since the commandant was ordering that everything be the same as before German occupation. He sighed exhaustedly. He was tired at the commanders' behavior. The commander was enraged many times this week; seemingly none of the Norwegians want to respond to him when he talks to them. As well of the roof breaking apart The major thought bitterly, 'who would?' The major has brown hair and brown, blue eyes. He was of average height and wore a military cap, his uniform, gloves, and a trench coat. The major was overly exhausted with having to listen to the Captains' complaints. He didn't need to listen to his whining when he had to fix the barracks and things that were damaged in the blizzard. H also mentally made sure that what happened in Poland didn't start to happen here. During 1939 he wasn't doing service in Poland so he couldn't try and prevent some of the things that had happened there. But many people never crossed him. They were scared of what would happen if they did. But he wasn't like that at all. Van von Heindrich was a good man, even if people didn't think of him that way. He had his moral and could make the most disobedient man respect him When in the town of Riswyk he didn't carry the rifle you were required to keep with you. So he just had two handguns attached but hidden by containers on his belt. He didn't go with the other soldiers in town he usually went alone for a walk. Which most soldiers would stare at him and think he was mad or insane. In a while though he'd go with Jan Lasek. Jan Lasek is actually a polish, but he was held captive and forced to dress as a German soldier or be shot. He befriended Jan quickly. Jan was wary of Van since what happened in Poland, but in the end Jan was able to trust him. Jan Lasek was very lonely and had a bitter hatred to what Germany had done to his country Poland. Van didn't say anything to his hatred. How could he? The poor guy had lost his father and two of his brothers. And was ashamed to even wear a German uniform. So all you could do was ask him to teach you Polish and Norwegian. Since he told you how he was a student of languages that was the only reason he was alive. After the commander ordered the soldiers to post handbills, to inform everyone to continue what they have been before German occupation. Van took notice that the Norwegians, when ever there were soldiers in the area they would finish their errands quickly, and return home. They didn't show that the sight of German soldiers walking around caused unrest. After the other soldiers returned back to the barracks, Jan and Van stayed behind. People were rushing out of their homes to read what was posted. None of them looked pleased at all. Van's Pov You took notice that they were all headed to a pastry shop called the, \"Um the um… Kon-dit-eri,\" you said interestedly. Jan nodded and said he was hungry. You merely nodded. You had to make a phone call anyways. Jan pushed the door open. Suddenly every sound in the shop was silent. I didn't say anything but just went inside. It was a lot warmer. I pulled my cap off and flattened my hair to a better shape. Jan went to the counter ordered coffee and a 'smorsbord,' which I asked what it was. \"It's a sandwich,\" he replied in German. \"Oh really I'll try on to,\" I said smiling. My smile took back the customers in the pastry shop and the owner. Jan just sighed at how I was behaving. Acting so happy in such a serious situation. We sat down and started eating. Jan started eating really slowly than quickly in the end. I ate mine in silence in deep thought. I finished and Jan was attempting to drink his steaming coffee. You already noticed. After you guys had came in it was dead silent nobody was talking or anything. But you got up asked the owner in Norwegian, \"Can I use your phone?\" The owner looked a bit curious why I would want to use the phone, she didn't say anything but handed the phone to me. Everyone's eyes were on me now. And Jan was interested in who I wanted to call. I punched in some numbers and asked the operator to pass me to Munich, Germany. I was passed to Munich and I started to get nervous. I wondered what she would say to me, my wife. I listened intently. The operator at Munich told me the house I wanted to call, was out of service. I froze. Jan took notice of my reaction and looked a bit concern. I than asked to call the house opposite from the house I wanted to call. I heard rining and than a small strained voice, \"Hello?\" \"Hello? Marie?\" I replied. The silence was suddenly filled from the phone. Huge wracking sobs filled the silence. You froze once again. I than asked, \"Marie, what happened? What happened to them?\" I asked urgently my voice cracking. She continued sobbing. I fell silent. I was foolish to think she wouldn't be targeted. The woman I fell in love with is everything to me. She was Jewish, but you didn't care. You were in love and have a family of a pair of twins a boy and a girl. You were so shocked by the sobbing you were visibly shaking. The customers suddenly looked very alarmed. They weren't sure what to expect. The voice on the phone that was once sobbing was silent and told you the tale of what had happened to your family. The Gestapo, Hitler's secret police heard that a German soldier married a Jew. They were disgusted; they wanted to annihilate the family, one night that they did just that. Sounds of gunshots filled the silence of the night and all was silent. You didn't respond, your head was down, crying for your family. You will never meet again on this earth. The customers in the store were now alarmed. Jan looked sad at what he had heard the voice on the line had told you. He understood what was said. But the customers didn't. Some of the customers in the shop understood German but all that was said was clueless. I told the operator thanks. Hanged up and told the owner thanks. She didn't reply, and you went to go sit down. Jan didn't say anything, but sorry. You shook your head and responded, \"I knew something like this would happen. Before I went to do my service, we discussed whether she and the children should leave. But we decided not to. She would leave if it got to dangerous, she would tell someone to notify me if she went. But they got to them first, \" I muttered bitterly. Jan didn't reply he couldn't. Nothing could help the grieving, of a husband and father. Long before, Jan wanted to leave after finishing, but he was not in haste anymore. You were quiet and said, \" Jan, I'm going to do my service in Africa soon, I got a notice that I would be changing in a few weeks. I won't be changing again for a couple of years.\" Jan merely nodded he had a feeling this would happen. Once again he will be all alone. \"What I'm planning to do is not for my sake but for \"Germany\", I said out loud absently. Jam stared at me confused, as well as many of the customers listening to out conversation. I didn't say anything. I continued with what I was saying, \"In just a few years 'Germany' won't be 'Germany' any more. There's already corruption in the military and everything will crumble. But even through that I want o show the world not all Germans are like 'him'.\" The idea struck Jan he knew exactly of what I was talking about. The soldiers in the barracks talked about him in high respect. My Fuher they'd proclaim. He stared at me he had a certain idea in what I wanted to accomplish. I stood up put on my jacket and placed my hat on my head, and walked out the store. Jan followed after me. Inside the pastry shop I heard buzzing of activity. All the customers were talking about what had happened. You heard some gasp when a translator in the shop at the time informed the rest of the people of what had happened. You didn't react and you didn't feel at all sorry for what you had said in the shop. They needed to know not all Germans are like 'him'. You smiled at Jan and continued on. In the future you were hoping to get what your country needed. And what was rightfully theirs. ","Summary":" This idea came after I watched Valkyrie which was a month ago… any way. I'm not all certain this th"},{"Movie":"Valkyrie","Title":"As Always","Author":"Mindy Morganna","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6300268","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This piece of writing has been written but minutes after I saw the end of Valkyrie, and realised the relationship between Werner and Stauffenberg had such beautiful potential. So image my surprise when almost no one else on the interweb seemed to have agreed with me! So this little fic is just a bit of self indulgence, enjoy. This is how Werner von Haeften dies. He is shot in the back with a single bullet, fighting for what he knows was right. He is shot staring at the man he admires, despairs of, frustrates, amuses, helps and, ultimately, loves. It wasn't meant to be this way, death rarely ever is the way you plan it after all. But in the last moment he took control, stared the Colonel dead in the eye and didn't look away. X There was regret in Werner's eyes. That's what Stauffenberg saw in his Lieutenants' last moment, regret and the uptight, if slightly weary loyalty that was Werner's trademark. It was a look Stauffenberg had seen before, but never with such breathtaking intensity. He wanted to say something, a thankyou maybe, for all the times he had reached out his hand and Werner had given him exactly what he needed. Be that a document, a bomb or a firm grasp of reality to steady him. Stauffenberg never told Werner how much he had needed him in these last months, days. Seconds. X There was sorrow in Stauffenberg's eye. That's what Werner saw in his own last moment, sorrow and that still-brave charisma that made the Lieutenants' skin tingle. He was please he would see it one, last time. The urge to salute was gone; instead Werner was desperate to just once say what he really felt. To say that life before the Colonel was dull, grey, and wrong. To say \"I have seen you tired and failing and weak, I have seen you so ill I had to spoon-feed you and you threw up in my hat. I have seen you so openly vulnerable it breaks my heart. But you are still, in my mind, the greatest man I have ever known.\" X Yet in that last, brief second or two nothing was said. The men looked at each other and realised the other already knew. As always. P.S if someone writes about the whole sick-in-hat scenario you can have my first-born son. Really hope you enjoyed, please review so I know if this writing style works! Mindy xx ","Summary":" This piece of writing has been written but minutes after I saw the end of Valkyrie, and realised th"},{"Movie":"Valkyrie","Title":"Das Tagebuch und die Niederschriften","Author":"steelneena","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4829118","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dasnist eine Übersetzung, das Original findet sich bein ( the original post made byn) Das Tagebuch und die Niederschriftennvon Oberst Claus Phillipp Maria Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg Eintrag vom 19. July 1944 Mein Gott, nach Deiner Fügung,nwerde ich mich morgen auf eine gefährliche Mission begeben, um dernWelt das wahre Deutschland zu zeigen, nicht Hitlers Deutschland oderndas Deutschland der Nationalsozialisten, sondern das wahrhaftigenVaterland. Ich weiss, dass ich durch meine Revolte gegen das Regimenvon Hitler, meine Familie, mich selbst, als auch alle Personen mitndenen ich bekannt bin, in große Gefahr bringe. Lieber Gott, bittenbeschütze meine Familie und ihre Gesundheit. Du bist der Hirte, dernüber uns wacht. Geleite uns durch die Finsternis, die uns umgibt undnwir werden uns nicht fürchten, weil Du immer mit uns bist. Solltennwir nicht erfolgreich sein, werde ich den Tod nicht fürchten, dennnich habe im Dienste meiner Heimat gehandelt, unserem heiligennDeutschland. Möge es für immer unter Deinem schützenden Bannernsein, o mein Gott. Befähige uns erfolgreich zu sein, denn wir werdenndem sicheren Tod entgegen sehen, sollten wir ertappt werden. Hilf unsnder Welt zu zeigen, dass nicht alle Deutschen dem Hitler gleich undnNazis sind. Amen. Was uns diese Tage am Leben erhält,nist die Angst, dass Hitler unser aller Tod sein wird. Die Angstndarüber, dass ohne ein schnelles Handeln, die Alliierten mitnvereinten Kräften angreifen und Hitlers Krieg verloren sein wird undnDeutschland damit am Ende zerschlagen. Sollten wir versagen, solltendie Bombe nicht die Wirkung haben, die so sehr erhofft wird, wirdndamit alles verloren sein. Um den Tod zu beten ist falsch, abernwenn Hitler nicht getötet wird, werden mehr als nur einer sterben.nWenn nichts unternommen wird, bedeutet es die Ausrottung der Judenndurch die Nazis und Deutschland wird in Schmach und Schande sein. Morgen sollte ich die Bombe imnunterirdischen Führerbunker an der Wolfsschanze deponieren, in demnein Treffen mit Hitler stattfinden wird. Gott sei mit uns auf unseremnWeg zum Sieg, durch die Operation Walküre, trotz all derer, die sichnihrer Wahl uns zu helfen, unsicher sind. Wer vermag denn zu sagen,nwas sie tun sollen? Wir müssen ihnen vergeben, denn sie bringen ihrnLeben und ihre Familien genauso in Gefahr wie ich auch. Wieder betenich zu Dir mein Gott, für unseren Sieg und um die ZerstörungnHitlers und der nationalsozialistischen Partei - doch kann ich nichtnzu sehr hoffen, weil ich befürchte dadurch könnte ich allesnverlieren. Momentan folge ich den von mir gewählten Wegnunerschütterlich, entweder zu einem erfolgreichen Ausgang oder zuneinem Ende des Versagens, ganz nach dem Willen Gottes, meines Herrn.nWie auch immer das Ergebnis sein wird, weiss ich, dass ich meinnBestes gegeben habe und alles getan was in meiner Macht stand. Steh'nmir bei, sollte es nicht funktionieren und der Sprengstoff mit demnBleistiftzünder tötet Hitler nicht, würde ich ihn selbstnumbringen. Das halte ich nicht für weise, aber es ist eine grossenVersuchung. Ich würde es aber tun, für meine Familie. Laß' esnnicht ein Ende sein, sondern ein Neuanfang. Der Beginn eines Funkens.nEin Funke, der eine Kerze entflammen würde. Die Dunkelheit, das Bösenund das Falsche dieser Welt mögen siegreich sein aber darin findetnsich deren Schwäche. Das Volk vermag sich zu ducken, verängstigtnund im Dunkeln, direkt am Kern der bösartigen Macht. Doch eine Kerzenist fähig dieser Macht Einhalt zu gebieten und sie zu vernichten.nDer Funke, von meinen Mitstreitern und mir ausgelöst, wird einenKerze zum Brennen bringen. Diese Kerze, wie ein einzelnes Licht, inneiner Kirche leuchtend, wird in der Lage sein, das wahre WesennDeutschlands zu zeigen, die Lebensweise des Volkes und nicht die Artnund Weise der nationalsozialistischen Partei, durch die die Sicht dernWelt auf uns derartig verfälscht wird. Die Kerze sind wir. Wir sindndie Hoffnung auf ein Ende des Krieges, die Aussicht auf einennkommenden Frieden, dass wir zu Verbündeten werden, gegen Deutschlandnfür Deutschland. Hitlers Deutschland muss untergehen, dass kann ichnnicht verneinen. Durch eine Untat etwas Rechtes herbeizuführen istnkeine sträfliche Handlung, wir nehmen es auf uns als unsere Bürde,ndenn unserem Land und unserem Gott schulden wir unser Leben. Wir sindnVaterlandsliebende aber keine Nazis, wir sind Deutsche, keine Mörder.nGott hilf' uns erfolgreich zu sein, wir werden alle Hilfe brauchenndie Du geben kannst. Ich kann nur darauf hoffen, dass diejenigen,nwelche an unsere Sache glauben, während dieser entsetzlichennHandlung, ausgeführt im Namen der Gerechtigkeit, beten werden. Ich glaube an Gott und seine Gebote,nworin steht „ Du sollst nicht töten!\", jedoch zur Bewahrung dernWerte und Würde von Gottes heiligem Deutschland muss ich GottesnGebot brechen, meine Sünde bereuen und jubeln wenn unser Zielnerreicht wird. In Gottes Namen bete ich, diesen Mörder keinenneinzigen Tag dieses Lebens mehr fortfahren zu lassen! Ich liebenDeutschland, mein wahrhaftiges Deutschland. Das Land um dessennFortbestand ich so hart kämpfe. Ich darf nicht versagen! DasnSchicksal des wahren Deutschlands liegt in meiner Hand; in dernWirkkraft des Sprengkörpers, den ich verstecken und zünden werdenund meinem Vermögen bei all dem nicht erwischt zu werden. Ich mussnes wagen und werde es solange versuchen bis ich entweder erfolgreichnbin oder mich der Tod erlangt. Gott rette Deutschland – Gott rettenuns alle! Meine Nina, meine Kinder für euch habe ich das getan, wiengleichermaßen für unsere wahren deutschen Brüder und Schwestern. Vergesst jene nicht, die versuchennunsere Welt besser zu machen, unser Leben glücklicher, unserenWohnungen und Strassen sicherer und unseren Herzen Frieden geben mitneinem neuen Weltverständnis und Gerechtigkeit. Sollte ich von diesernAufgabe nicht zurückkehren, will ich noch eines gesagt haben: „Esnlebe das heilige Deutschland!\" Werde ich abgeführt, sollen dasnmeine letzten Worte sein, „Lang lebe unser heiliges Deutschland!\" In Gottes heiligen Namen, ClausnPhillip Maria Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg ","Summary":" Dasnist eine Übersetzung, das Original findet sich bein ( the original post made byn) Das Tagebuch "},{"Movie":"Valkyrie","Title":"In The Eyes","Author":"ElvenSailorGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4783151","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own anything associated with Valkyrie. I'm simply interpreting an interpretation of real men in a real situation. I'm not going to make any money off this. Author's Note: After seeing the film, my friend Acey Dearest and I were talking about doing introspective character pieces. I forget which of us said that Olbricht would be good for them, but one of us did. This isn't the initial idea, but here's something anyway. In The Eyes \"Look them in the eyes; they'll remember you.\" The younger man told him. He wanted to shout or scream or shake him. He wanted to tell him it didn't matter if they remembered him, that this had all been in vain, that the fear he had held in his heart of this very moment had been rightly kept. And yet, the younger man said the words with such conviction and assurance that even had he been given the time to speak, he still couldn't have expressed the sentiment. As they dragged him forward, the spotlight shining brightly enough that the cold sweat on his brow shone softly. The fear was still apparent in his eyes; his pupils had a wild look, as he still cast them about for any sign that he might be able to escape, though he knew the action was futile. His shoulders were hunched, making the tall man seem as cowed as he felt. Still, something in the younger colonel's words reached a part of his heart, or his soul perhaps, as the guns leveled towards him. He exhaled, closing his eyes for a moment, as if reaching within himself to find some part of him that had lain hidden up until that point. As he opened them, he straightened his posture shakily, unable to keep the tremors from his body. He's no longer sure if the shakiness is because he's afraid of dying like this or if it's something far different now - that they'll remember him hunched down, looking every inch as fearful as he possibly could. If these men were to remember him, then he would not be remembered as a coward who couldn't look his own death in the eye if he could prevent it. Especially not when someone younger, and with much more to live for, could - and he knew that the Colonel would, and therefore, so would he. And so he looks head on, the fear still present in his features, but now steadied and backed by a look that says underneath the mask of fear he had let take over long before this night, that he had never lost his conviction. He had never doubted the morality, but that he had simply given into the fear that he found logical. His eyes speak a volume of things, not least among them that though afraid, he knows he was right. And silently, he hopes and prays the Colonel will be right and that he will not be forgotten. --- That night was ten years ago for Rolf. And even now, he wakes some nights seeing their faces, hearing the gunshots and the bodies crumple, and even Colonel Stuaffenberg's shout of \"Long live our sacred Germany\" the moment before he died. But most of all he remembers the eyes of an older man, holding back fear and something else - something that though akin to courage, was not the same thing - something more like surety. Rolf doesn't know what it was, why those two men looked at him, or what it means. All he knows is that he remembers them because even when the bullets raced towards them they didn't blink. He thinks that maybe, one day, he'll be able to forget the sounds of that night, but somewhere in his heart, he knows that the sight of General Olbricht's eyes, fearful and yet not at the same time, will never leave him. He knows it because he's tried to forget. He knows because he can't remove the image of the man who, even as he died, looked him in the eyes. Author's Note : I originally conceived of this as being first person, but when I started writing it came out in third. I'm not sure it works, but I do like the part at the end. The swap from past tense to present is intentional when 'he' becomes Rolf rather than General Olbricht. Also, the name Rolf is taken from the Sound of Music, by the way. I was having issues thinking of a name for this guy, so I turned to my favorite musical. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own anything associated with Valkyrie. I'm simply interpreting an interpretatio"},{"Movie":"Valkyrie","Title":"Ode to Shame","Author":"Felicie Senta","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4917497","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hold you head high, Don't fight the tide that holds your pride. Do you look away; do you listen to the lie? The seed they planted; the people hide. uf06c Even when you look the other way, the hate follows true, Your attempts to stop it are frugal. Death knocks on every door; you better not let it through, Hate beats you down with strength so brutal. uf06c If we are meant to be angels, avengers, Did his words run shivers down your back? Why do we play demons, scavengers? Did you find faults in his rehearsed speech, any lack? uf06c You need to discontinue listening to the lies that stem from his lips, His words engulf you like restrictive vinery, Do so, and receive everlasting, promising bliss. Are these really the bonds of glory and finery? uf06c Now you see the pain you caused, the suffering you spread, Can you still breathe beneath the weight of that burden? You had closed your eyes; now look where your feet led. He came to power; the sky darkened; the country was broken. uf06c Yet, even as strength leaves you, your common sense should have stayed, He was a beast with the weapons words bring, The good of your country was tried. You can try and turn back time; even as you desperately cling. uf06c To the past when your country was worthy and significant, a past that shattered, The game pieces fall to the ground; the king's crown falls upon the board, The pieces of your heart scattered, The heroes fall, the cowards soared. uf06c Is it time to end the hate that consumes the world? With your wishes and disgraces written upon paper, The fire blackens it to dust, the edges curled. When the lying man dies, will he meet his Maker? uf06c The indignity that adores harassing your country, May never evaporate completely in the sun nor shall the rain wash its mistakes away, The historical grandeur that made him so hungry. A hunger that can't be satisfied, full of ambition and greed; he will be killed some day. uf06c The war fought and lost, The country's people in disgrace, There is no one to hold the country, to lift it. If only you had seen, if only you had heard the lies, it would not have led to the violence. uf06c You can't turn back the hands of time, But you can fix the future for your offspring, The bell has rung such a melodious, soothing chime. To learn from your blunders, keep the past and future from fusing. uf06c Something to hold you over well I'm in my writer's slum. Have fun. R&R.; Yours, Fel ","Summary":" Hold you head high, Don't fight the tide that holds your pride. Do you look away; do you listen to "},{"Movie":"Valkyrie","Title":"Siegesweise","Author":"Rhinemaiden Number 4","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4764979","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Caveat : Vague hints of preslash boiling ominously on the horizon, along with gratuitous abuse of Wagnerian opera. Title means \"Tune of Victory\", as per Wagner's Lohengrin. No spoilers other than what should be obvious. All history yanked from Wikipedia, so apologies if there are errors. Siegesweise There are certain things about the Colonel that Werner doesn't permit himself to think about. On a bad night sometime in Januar , when the sky is thick with smoke and air raid sirens and the only thing between him and the cold, unreasoning hatred of the whole farce of a war is the straight line of Colonel Stauffenberg's shoulders, he writes them down surreptiously. He refuses to think about what he's writing down until he's finished with it, the small sheet of paper written in letters just mangled enough to be illegible to anyone but himself, so possible discovery of the document by the Colonel is minimal. He's been getting better at stealth, he thinks. He hopes. Better at looking at others' eyes when they talk about the everlasting glory of the Führer instead of Sacred Germany. Like the Homeland is just some stepping stone for the Führer to march over, instead of everything they're supposed to be fighting for. He's getting better about smiling when the others in the mess hall talk about their plans after the war, when the Führer will make everything better, and not telling them that their Homeland is a lie that the Führer is giving them, just like the reports that the war is going well. He knows how the fronts are holding up; he's lost friends, comrades. A few of his old friends at the bank in Hamburg used to send him letters from the front, only a few miles from where he was stationed before his injury. After recovering, he sent a few letters back, just to tell them he was fine. They all came back, marked \"VERSTOBENE\". He used to tell himself that it had to happen, that this happened in the wars, but now he stores the anger and the helpless rage next to the place where he can smile at the people who want to see Sacred Germany supplanted by der Führer . Even as he feels the impotent rage next to the terror of the upcoming coup, he remembers the things he doesn't permit himself to think about, much. And he feels better. This is because most of the things he doesn't permit himself to think about make him remember what a hero the Colonel is, what a man that the Homeland deserves. He doesn't permit himself to think about it much because he knows that if he does, he won't be able to keep a steady face when the Colonel smiles at him, and the strain on his Colonel's face shows him that the officer is only smiling for his sake. He won't be able to take the coffee gladly that the Colonel brings him during the late nights when they're discussing the newest plans for the Operation. That's all they call it, these days: the Operation. A week after that night, the night when he strained over the small paper to write down everything he doesn't think about, when the shakes from the front come back and he's trying not to think about anything, he pulls out the paper to feel better. The list is as follows: I. The Colonel continually gives the impression that he's just rolled out of a tent in Africa. Not that the Colonel is disheveled, by any means; quite to the contrary, the Colonel is consistently dressed immaculately. To himself, Werner thinks that this may have something to do with his injuries: he knows firsthand, from the mornings when the Colonel's had to change quickly from one uniform to another, that his hands, or lack thereof, make dressing a daily challenge to him. He wants to offer his help, most of the mornings, but from the set of the Colonel's shoulder as he shrugs on his jacket Werner knows that to offer help would be to take away one of the most important things about the Colonel. He can't quite name it. Dignity, maybe, but not the dignity that the Führer speaks about on the radio sometimes. The dignity of Siegmund, perhaps, he thinks in his more Romantic moments, or the strength of Tristan in the final act. The Colonel always seems to come from the desert because of the few things Werner lets himself notice. The tanned skin of his neck that the jacket doesn't quite cover tells Werner that, even in the most German of winters, the Colonel's skin remembers the heavy sunlight of the desert. The lines around his eyes that he's too young for are reminders that he spent months squinting out at the overbearing sun, looking for enemy planes, waiting for attack. The way that he always shakes out his jacket twice before putting it on, as if shaking imaginary sand from it, is the act that weighs heaviest on Werner's mind, the one sign that the Colonel will always be in Africa, in his mind. The way the Colonel holds his hands when in the presence of strangers, at official events, cements this fact, and whenever he dreams about the Colonel, he always dreams of sand and fire. II. The Colonel's glass eye is a slightly different color from his real eye. This isn't so much a statement of fact as it is a statement of bias; he knows this because when he first met the Colonel, when he first shook hands with the man and threw his lot in with the Operation, he was certain that both eyes were the same color. To be sure, the glass eye was apparent: that slight uneasiness about its movement and texture were enough to give it away as artificial; but he was sure that the color matched. He hasn't had much time to examine it himself, not really, because although he knows that the glass eye doesn't pain the Colonel, the Colonel dislikes wearing it, preferring instead the eye patch. In whimsical moods, Werner imagines that it's because the Colonel hates pretending that the desert never happened, that the injuries were negligible. His hands he can hide with long sleeves and shrugs, but the eye is always what society ladies focus on when he's introduced to them. \"Oh my, I didn't think that...\" is always how the sentences begin, followed by some asinine remark about his adventures in \"Darkest Africa\", as if it was a pleasure cruise he went on to prove his worth. The Colonel is no witless Tannhäuser, forever searching for a Venusberg that the ladies think they could seduce him to. After all, the Colonel is married, if seldom around his wife. He knows this. He knows better. The eye patch is better suited to the Colonel, Werner believes. Something about the starkness of the dark material on his tanned face marks him as different from the other officers, the officers that Werner has been sent to death by and of whom he finds himself a part. The Colonel is something different to him, something stranger, and that's where Werner stops thinking about the Colonel's glass eye and the shifting moods that he can always, always tell on the Colonel's one good eye. III. The Colonel, for all of his hatred of the Führer, loves Wagner. Werner isn't surprised: being a fan of Wagner himself, he considers it a German's duty to listen and love the spiraling magnificence of Wagner's operas. It was his music that first brought them together, he thinks; not as Colonel and Adjutant but as comrades, or even, dare he think it, friends. It began, as things often begin, at night in the smoky office, drawing up the revisions to Walküre, making sure the language was as airtight and innocent as possible, disguising a thinly veiled plot for a coup into a more reasonable plan to protect Hitler's Germany. Over the air at 0115 hours, the faint strains of the Overture to Lohengrin suddenly floated into the room, the strings weeping over the air, and the sudden poignancy of it made Werner sit up in his chair, straining to hear better. Closing his eyes, he could see the notes winding into themes that presaged the events of the opera: the duel, the wedding, the apocalypse, the ship carrying away the lover from the beloved, as impassive and inexorable as the way the operation is beginning to unfold. Just as the music built itself into a climax, as everything was revealed in one blinding moment of clarity that everyone in the audience sees coming, he heard a sound from the Colonel, a sound that was so unlike any of the other noises he'd heard the Colonel make before that he had to stop to understand it. It wasn't the persistent half-slumbering voice he speaks with on the telephone late at night, hammering out last minute plans, but neither was it the little audible winces that Werner still hears when the weather turns sour and he finds the Colonel touching the maimed stump of his arm, the absences of his fingers. He opened his eyes to see the Colonel looking at him, the set of his face something too faceted for him to understand. His mouth curved into a smile reflexively, a nervous habit, but he couldn't speak, knowing only that the music between them was shared, like a secret language. \" Für deutsches Land das deutsche Schwert! So sei des Reiches Kraft bewährt! \" The Colonel's words were spoken, not sung, but Werner recognized the scene immediately: the enchanted Swan coming to bear away the Knight, revealed at last, all of Elsa's loves and hopes stricken to the ground. Sometimes, he thought, he knows how that feels. The Colonel still looked at him, and he couldn't look away, couldn't speak, until the brass faded, followed by the strings, and the space between them was filled with the white noise and static of the phonograph. His shirt was too hot at his neck and he turned back to his notes, revising the minutiae of the wording, but even as he read the obtuse sentences of the document he could feel the Colonel's eyes heavy on his neck, late into the evening. There are no other items on the sheet of paper, even though he thinks of a half dozen little details that he's too ashamed to write down, even to himself. The little patch of unshaven skin underneath the Colonel's chin that he always misses while shaving, though it's no bigger than a fingernail. The way the Colonel's smile twitches a little more to the left than the right when he's genuinely pleased at something. The rich spices that the Colonel prefers on even the most traditional of s chweinsbraten. The scar on the Colonel's left arm that's shaped like a ring from a piece of shrapnel. Things he has no business noticing, their professional relationship notwithstanding. He wants to be a better German and move past these things, these snags on what should be his complete attention on the goal, the only goal that Germany can afford to have at this point so late in the war, with the Allies moving in small leaps and bounds into Axis territory. He doesn't know that the Colonel is looking at him until he feels a gaze heavy on the back of his neck and startles, tearing his gaze off the piece of paper and onto the Colonel's amused face. He's not smiling, exactly; it's more like the Colonel sees his expression as a kind of shared joke, the curve of his lips suggesting a common mirth. He feels himself smiling in reflex, just as he always does, but he can't bring himself to care. It's past 0000 hours, and they really should be sleeping, but this wording is always so difficult to parse out and rewrite convincingly that he's almost at ease with the way the darkened lights in the room throw the sharp angles of the Colonel's face into a kind of severe beauty, like ancient Roman statues of Mars. \"Is that a letter from your liebchen ?\" The Colonel's voice in the small room still has that note of amusement in it, but it's almost fond, Werner thinks. He feels his cheeks heat up and silently damns his fair skin for the tenth time in so many weeks, pushing down the guilty feeling in his chest rising with embarrassment. He's working on a secret mission, for God's sake; he shouldn't be betrayed by emotion. \"That's the third time tonight I've seen you look over it.\" With a bit of effort, he looks up from the letter and meets the Colonel's gaze. He can see the little patch of unshaved skin a little bit above the Colonel's rigidly starched collar, but stubbornly doesn't look at it. Schooling his face into the kind of affection all subordinates are entitled to, he smiles back. \"No, sir. Just some things that I don't want to forget.\" The Colonel grins briefly before turning back to his work. \"In these times, Werner, there are always things we should not forget. They are what help keep Germany from falling to the hands of those we fight against.\" The words are just ambiguous enough to be safe in this insecure location, but he feels their import nonetheless. \"Yes, Colonel.\" He knows the Colonel can't see him nod, but he does so anyway. He looks back to the list, where the paper has been bent so much that the delicate fibers are soft and almost rent. Folding it anew, he puts it into his breast pocket, right over his heart, and looks to the pile of papers on his desk, where there is so much more to do. He glances over at the straight line of the Colonel's shoulders, bent over his own work, a hundred difficulties just waiting to be overcome. \"They do help us,\" he says, to himself more than the Colonel, and reads the first line of the Operation again: \"The Führer Adolf Hitler is dead.\" He has his own work to do. das Ende ","Summary":" Caveat : Vague hints of preslash boiling ominously on the horizon, along with gratuitous abuse of W"},{"Movie":"Valkyrie","Title":"Failed Conspiracy","Author":"Alatariel Sirfalas","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7784316","Passage":"[Chapter 1] [During the Second World War there are people who hated Hitler and would want to attempt to end his life. But every attempt was unsuccessful. There were altogether 17 planned attempts upon assassinating Hitler. Hitler died on 30 th April 1945 by committing suicide with his mistress, Eva Braun, in a bunker.] Tresckow – 12 th March 1943 Karl von Tresckow sat in his office silently going through official government documents. He sighed and put them back into the portfolios. He recognised the weaknesses and risks in Hitler's desire to prepare for war. Luftwaffe (German air forces) doesn't have enough training for an air battle against Britain. Kriegsmarine (German marine forces)… Kriegsmarine could not break through British marine blockades. It's great that Germany and Hitler has shown the League of Nations, Britain, France and Italy that Germany must not be looked down upon on. But, going against war with Britain, France, or more generally the Allies means suicide or 'path to defeat' for Germany. Germany had come up with a four-year plan in order for rearmament, but what is the use when you don't have raw materials? Tresckow further thought. Hitler must be stopped! Assassination…? It's risky but he can try to all the same. I need to find people in order to help me oppose Hitler in an esoteric manner but successful , thought Tresckow. The Blomberg-Fritsch Affair had alienated not only Tresckow but also others from Hitler. Who will help? Tresckow put his head between his hands for a few minutes and think. Minutes pass and finally he gave up and left for home. That day after work Tresckow ran into Erwin von Witzleben, a fellow comrade who also secretly opposed Hitler without Tresckow knowing. Witzleben told Tresckow why and how much he had hated Hitler and for what he had done to Germany. Especially to the large genocide of the Jews. Tresckow's heart jumped for joy when he heard Witzleben telling him this. This is a great start , he told himself. Tresckow invited him over to his house that night for a talk. The clock struck half past eight when Witzleben arrived, bringing a few other people with him. Tresckow invited them into his living room and shut the windows and the doors tight. Among them were Lt. Fabian von Schlabrendorf – his cousin, Colonel Rudolf von Gersdorff and Calvary Captain Georg von Boeslager. When everybody had settled down, Witzleben gestured towards the few people who had came with him. \"These men,\" Witzleben started, \"are some of the people whom I know had also secretly opposed Hitler. So far none of us had dared to assassinate him; no one has a proper plan yet. It's a pleasure to find another person in the German Nazi office who opposed Hitler secretly.\" Tresckow nodded. \"Yes, I myself had wanted to kill off Hitler for a long time. More than 12500 people are murdered daily, we can stop that.\" Ripples of murmurs swashed through the few men in the living room, all agreeing with what Tresckow has stated. A man, who introduced himself as Vibbard Winchcombe, addressed Tresckow. He was a stocky man with a balding head. \"I stand by what you have said. But is it right that we should assassinate our Führer-Reichskanzler?\" In reply, Tresckow said, \"Hitler is a dancing dervish. He must be shot down at all cost!\" Again, everyone agreed with him in the room. \"We need a plan, Tresckow,\" said Witzleben. Tresckow, again, nodded. Kluge then said, \"I had managed to lure Hitler into coming to my headquarters in Smolensk…\" \"That's fantastic, Kluge! I've came up with a plan, and a fitting one too!\" Boeslager exclaimed. Everyone looked in his direction. \"My company and I can serve Hitler as armed escort to Hitler's motorcade. He's coming to Smolensk tomorrow for a visit; perhaps we can ambush him during the drive from the airfield to his private car?\" Witzleben gave Tresckow a slight worried look. \"Shall we?\" \"Yes, we shall,\" said Tresckow. Witzleben gave Boeslager a nod. \"The operation shall go ahead,\" Witzleben approved. \"Great! It shall take place tomorrow. Tresckow, you and Schlabrendorff must be present. In case something else turns up, I will have to talk to you both,\" said Boeslager. 13 th March 1943 – Smolensk, Russia - German Eastern Front Kluge, Tresckow, Boeslager, Schlabrendorff and a few other men waited for Hitler's arrival, each waiting apprehensively. Boeslager took out a cigarette and started smoking, and some others followed suite. Soon, they heard a distant roaring of aviation and they threw away their cigarettes. Hitler hates his officers smoking. They noticed that four more planes had followed Hitler's private one. His SS guards perhaps? Tresckow thought uneasily. If they were Hitler's SS guards then the plan has to be aborted. Hitler then stepped down and fifty of his SS guards followed him. Disappointment washed through Kluge, Tresckow, Boeslager and Schlabrendorf when they saw that Hitler has brought fifty of his SS guards with him. The first plan had been aborted. Kluge and the three other men stepped up to greet him, all shaking his hand. The Fuhrer's hand is hard, coarse and cold. There is no mercy in his grip. Kluge then brought Hitler to the headquarters for a survey-visit. Tresckow, Boeslager and Schlabrendorff stayed behind for a little while. They were very much disappointed and watched Kluge led Hitler towards the headquarters. \"What now?\" asked Boeslager. Tresckow was thoughtful for a moment and said, \"We assassinate Hitler during lunch time.\" \"What about his SS guards?\" Schlabrendorff queried. \"Wouldn't they follow him too?\" Tresckow shrugged. \"We have to see first. We'll proceed if the SS guards aren't around. If they are, then we have to abort the second plan.\" The others nodded. 12:30pm, Mess Hall When Hitler had taken his seat at the head of the table, Kluge pulled Tresckow out of the hall. \"Tresckow,\" he said. There was clearly disappointment in his voice now. \"Do you have plan two?\" Tresckow nodded vigorously. \"Schlabrendorff, Boeslager and I had decided to kill him now during lunch - if his guards aren't in there with him,\" Tresckow said. Kluge nodded. \"Please, make sure that this is successful!\" he urged. He handed him a pistol and Tresckow stuffed it under his overcoat within reach of his hands. \"Open fire directly at Hitler when you see me giving you relevant signals.\" \"Yes.\" Then both of them stepped into the mess hall to have lunch with Hitler. Tresckow took a seat not far from Hitler and Kluge sat just opposite of him. Schlabrendorff and Boeslager glanced worriedly at both Tresckow and Kluge. Then, Hitler's SS guards came in, followed by some more of Hitler's loyal officers. Kluge threw Tresckow an uneasy glance and shook his head a little. The two others noticed the abortion of plan two. This further disappointed the four secret conspirators that were present. Tresckow could not openly fire at Hitler – the SS guards and some other officials were present. The second plan had been aborted without choice. Shortly before the meal ends Tresckow excuse himself and motioned Schlabrendorff to follow him to a tent at the back of the headquarters. Tresckow fished out a package of brandy out of his suitcase and put it on the table. \"Empty this quick, please!\" he urged. Schlabrendorff did as he was told and emptied the contents into a bowl. Tresckow then concealed in it a readied time bomb into the package and seal it back. \"What are you going to do with this?\" asked Schlabrendorff. Tresckow stared at Schlabrendorff. \"Why, it's for Hitler of course! What do you think I'm doing this for? Now, I need you to hand this over to Hitler before he leaves.\" Schlabrendorff shook his head fearfully. \"No!\" he said. His face was pale. \"I fear doing this!\" Tresckow was deeply dismayed. He shook Schlabrendorff and said angrily, \"For idiots, orders are laws! If you truly hate Hitler you would have had the guts to assassinate him, our lives don't matter!\" Schlabrendorff then nodded his head robustly and picked up the package. \"I'll do it only if you accompany me to him,\" he said shakily. \"That,\" Tresckow said, \"I can do for you.\" Hitler was about to board his Condor plane when both Tresckow and Schlabrendorff managed to caught up with the group. Tresckow then called Colonel Heinz Brandt. Tresckow then has Schlabrendorff pass over the package saying, \"This is for Hitler as a present. I'm sure that he would be thirsty when he's travelling.\" Brandt took it and smiled at him. \"Hitler will thank you for this,\" he said. Tresckow nodded, smiling and hoping that Brandt would board the plane soon. \"With pleasure,\" replied Tresckow. \"We will send news of Hitler's arrival back at the main headquarters in Berlin,\" said Brandt. \"Sure, sure,\" said Tresckow and nodded his hand. I hope that the bomb kills Hitler and his important officials on board! Thought Tresckow. He could not wait for Brandt to board the plane. Brandt then boarded the plane and soon, the plane left for west, to Berlin. Tresckow looked at Schlabrendorff and nervousness began to grow within his heart. \"Let's go back to my tent,\" he said. Both Tresckow and Schlabrendorff went back to the tent to wait for news. Boeslager went back to office and Kluge stayed back to see to private matters in the headquarters. There was a heavy silence in the tent. Neither is able to break it after two failed assassination plans. The third would have to be successful! Then the phone rang making both Tresckow and Schlabrendorff jump. Tresckow fumbled for the phone and finally managed to retain his firm grip on the phone. \"Hello?\" he said into the phone. There were hope in both Tresckow and Schlabrendorff's faces and hearts. Then, after a moment, Tresckow's face fell. \"Yes, sir. His safe journey back to Berlin is very much anticipated. Thank you.\" There was a pause. Then Tresckow spoke, again, \"Sir, before you hang up, do you still have the package with you?\" Another pause. \"Thank you. Can I have the package back? I'll come around and pick it tomorrow afternoon at your office, say two o'clock?\" More pauses. Finally, Tresckow said, \"Thank you, I will see you soon.\" He hung up and sighed disappointedly. Schlabrendorff was equally disappointed with the news. \"What happened to the bomb?\" asked Schlabrendorff. \"Didn't go off, obviously. Probably the extremely low temperature in the luggage compartment prevented the bomb from going off,\" replied Tresckow. Schlabrendorff sat back and thought for a moment. \"I'll follow you there to retrieve the bomb tomorrow,\" he said finally. \"Anything.\" 14 th March 1943 – Nazi Main Headquarters in Berlin – 2pm Tresckow thumped towards Colonel Brandt's office with Schlabrendorff following him from behind. Olbricht awaited them not far from Brandt's office. He was worried and disappointed as well when he heard that the bomb did not detonate. When he spotted them he strode towards them without waiting for them to come over. He then whispered to Tresckow, \" Why ? Why didn't it go off?\" His voice sounded demanding. \"No choice. The extremely low temperature in the luggage compartment prevented the bomb from going off,\" retorted Tresckow, also whispering. With greater disappointment, Olbricht left the building immediately. Tresckow entered the office and said to Schlabrendorff, \"Wait for me here, Schlabrendorff. This would not take long.\" Tresckow pushed open another bigger, but grander door and saw Colonel Brandt writing rapidly on an official looking paper. He looked up and smiled at Tresckow. \"Ah, yes, Tresckow. Our great man!\" He was jolly and happy when he saw Tresckow. \"You have finally arrived!\" Tresckow walked over to his desk and noticed that Colonel Brandt was writing a report. Brandt noticed his stares and enlightened him, \"Oh, this is a report that Hitler wanted. You know since the Nazi took over they have been demanding for full reports about this and that from here and there. No big problem, you know?\" Tresckow nodded. \"The package?\" he finally prompted. He's been itching to retain the package the sooner the better. Brandt smiled and opened one of the desk drawers beside him. He took out the package and placed it on the table heavily. A loud bang resounded throughout the wide hall. He pushed the package towards Tresckow, \"I supposed that you came for this package?\" he asked. He seemed to be playing for time , thought Tresckow. Doesn't he know what he had come for? Had he not received his phone call yesterday? Tresckow decided that he should still remain cool, and smile, and reached for the package. \"Yes, of course, Colonel Brandt. This is what I come for,\" he said and gently pulled the package away from his grip. \"I supposed that you are thirsty after a long journey, Tresckow?\" he said with a wry smile on his face. This made Tresckow feel a bit uneasy, but he smiled all the same. \"No, no. I am not thirsty. Thank you.\" He then took the package and left quickly. He was later joined by Schlabrendorff in the wide hall and handed the package to him. \"Replace the package with genuine brandy please. Do it immediately when you reach home, you hear?\" demanded Tresckow. Schlabrendorff nodded. \"Yes, sir.\" 10 th July 1944 – Nazi Main Army Headquarters, Berlin A little more than a year after the three failed attempts on Hitler, Tresckow met up with Olbricht again, this time by a sudden and abrupt brief face-to-face meeting in his office. Olbricht seemed to be very nervous that time. \"Tresckow, I am sorry to bother you but this is more important than anything else now,\" he said in quite a rush. He glanced about him to see if there is anyone in the room. Obviously there was no one. Tresckow had requested for solitude moments when he does his work. \"I need you to assist us upon assassinating Hitler, again,\" said Olbricht. \"If you would be so kind to approve and join us, could you please meet me at my house tonight?\" He then pressed a small piece of paper into Tresckow's palms. \"Be there tonight, Tresckow, please! This is important!\" he said and made for the door, not waiting for Tresckow's answer. Tresckow then read what was on the paper. It contains Olbricht's house address. I'll be there, of course , thought Tresckow. Who wouldn't when you badly wanted to kill Hitler? That night at half past eleven, Tresckow pulled his car secretly up next to Olbricht's house. There were several other cars there too. Quite a gathering , he thought. He was received by Olbricht himself since he was anticipating his arrival. He was brought into a big living room with some other men there. Tresckow himself recognised Stauffenberg, the young man who had recently joined the Nazi Office. \"Everyone?\" Olbricht started, getting everyone's attention in the room. \"This is Colonel Henning von Tresckow. He hates Hitler also and is here to help us in our assassination attempts against him…\" Now everyone's attention turned to Tresckow, even the cool, well-reserved and charismatic Stauffenberg. Their eyes met and Tresckow looked into his deep sea green eyes that holds you without letting you go. \"This is Stauffenberg, Tresckow,\" introduced Olbricht. Tresckow nodded and finally pulled his eyes away from him to Olbricht. \"Yes, of course,\" he said. Stauffenberg rose and pushed a hand towards him. Tresckow took it and shook it; he could feel the determination in the hands. Stauffenberg smiled. \"Stauffenberg, do you mind telling him your plan? Your plan to assassinate Hitler?\" reminded Olbricht. He nodded. Stauffenberg then started, \"I planned to blow Hitler up by concealing a time bomb inside my briefcase when I go on a conference at the Berghof tomorrow. My co-conspirator, Captain Friedrich Klausing, will be there waiting for me when the time bomb explodes. We will escape back to our private headquarters here.\" Tresckow looked at Olbricht quite surprised. \"You made your home a 'private headquarter' for assassination attempts against Hitler?\" Olbricht raised a finger to his lips. \"Don't, Tresckow, this is important. I'm making necessary sacrifices for correct humanities. Do you agree to this plan?\" Olbricht had returned to his usual urging mannerism; whenever he got into that manner his face turned bright red, for some matter. Tresckow nodded. \"If it is successful, we'll go ahead. Stauffenberg, we will send someone to assist you…\" \"I don't need anyone to assist me in carrying out my plan. I am convinced that I and I alone can assassinate Hitler – and no one else,\" he cut in. Tresckow raised an eyebrow, surprised again. The others were not surprised over this mild outburst. Olbricht then nodded his head. \"Then the plan shall go ahead.\" Stauffenberg 11 th July 1944 – The Berghof Captain Friedrich Klausing glanced uneasily in Stauffenberg when he drove the car uphill towards Hitler's private residence – The Berghof. The Wolf awaits them. Or so it seems. He saw Stauffenberg fingering the bomb inside his suitcase calmly, as if there were no storm brewing in the air. When they arrived, they were received by Hitler's aide – a young man whom both Stauffenberg and Klausing could not identify. Stauffenberg then pushed the bomb further down into the suitcase and clipped it, stepping out of the car. Hitler gets into the habit of changing his aides frequently , thought Stauffenberg. Smart somehow . They were led, silently, into Hitler's grand hall – richly designed and ornamented with different Prussian artworks. There were many other officials present at that time already. Hitler had not come yet. Stauffenberg looked around for Goering and Himmler but neither was present. Maybe they will come later , thought Stauffenberg, with Hitler himself . Turning to Klausing, Stauffenberg told him, \"Wait for me outside by the car; if the plan is successful, I will dash out to you, and hear?\" Klausing nodded and went out. Soon, Hitler arrived with two of his personal SS Guards behind him, but no Himmler or Goering. Stauffenberg twisted his lips a little and put his suitcase down under the table and excused himself. An officer received him and asked, \"Yes, what may I be of help?\" Stauffenberg said, \"I need to use the phone, please?\" The officer nodded and showed him to a room adjacent to the meeting room. In there was a sleek black telephone and Stauffenberg rang his colleagues back in Berlin. When Haeften, one of his co-conspirators and colleagues picked into the phone, Stauffenberg spoke hurriedly into the phone. \"Haeften? Stauffenberg here. Himmler and Goering were not present; shall we go ahead with the plan?\" he said quietly, but audible enough for Haeften to hear. There was a moment of silence and Stauffenberg waited quite patiently. Then, Haeften came back onto the line and said, \"No, the plan must be aborted. Olbricht's orders.\" Stauffenberg sighed inwardly. \"Thank you.\" He put down the phone and went back to the briefing. Tresckow Tresckow waited in his office for the vital phone call. He was nervous – he knew what it is like to attempt assassinating Hitler and hoping that it is successful. Hitler must be overthrown! This time it has to be successful, if he can not succeed, someone else would. Then, the phone rang and Tresckow answered it immediately. \"Tresckow on the line.\" \"The plan has been aborted. Neither Himmler nor Goering were present.\" It was Olbricht on the other end of the line. Tresckow frowned. Olbricht continued, back to his nervous state again, \"Tresckow, do you…do you think that you would be able to…to make it…to…tonight? You know how important it is right? *Pause* My house again, could you? Ten o'clock.\" Tresckow thought for a moment. Thinking. Thinking. Thinking. Thinking; and then finally he said, \"Yes. I will be coming.\" He could hear Olbricht giving a great heavy sigh of relieve. \"Yes, thank you, Tresckow. You are equally as important as any others now. Thank you, once again.\" Then the line went dead. Olbricht had hung up. Olbricht's House, 10pm Tresckow found himself in the same place again that he had been at the previous night. Stauffenberg had not arrived yet, he had noticed. Tresckow was tired after the day's work, but no choice. Saving Germany from hell is the main thing now among this same group of people. There were many others who wanted to stop Hitler and surrender, hoping to get better negotiations and a much more stable government after that. An international plead for forgiveness is needed then. Then, finally, Stauffenberg burst through the grand wooden doors with a puff. Behind him was Captain Klausing carrying his bag with the time bomb in it. Everyone in the room could tell that he, Stauffenberg, was tired. And so was Klausing after the long day's travelling and unsuccessful plan to assassinate Hitler. Stauffenberg sat down on an armchair with a puff and started straight away, \"I have plan two.\" Everyone stared at him in surprised. He had come up with a second plan so soon! \"On July 15th our Führer will hold another briefing at the Wolf's Lair headquarters in East Germany. I will attend it using the same method – placing my suitcase with the time bomb concealed in it. Klausing will follow me still.\" Olbricht glanced at Tresckow and throw him a shall-we-go-ahead-again-this-time look. Tresckow shrugged and said, \"We can try.\" He was doubtful now. What if this plan would not work? Then what next? Come up with another? Hitler dodges every assassination attempts that were carried out so far! \"Yes, you may go ahead. Contact me once you had assassinated Hitler, understand?\" ordered Olbricht. Stauffenberg nodded and left with Klausing trailing behind. The rest of the group broke up for the night. July 15 th – Wolf's Lair Headquarters, Rustenburg, East Germany Stauffenberg waited in the mildly cooled room in the Wolf's Lair headquarters. Klausing was standing by the door watching, waiting for everything had happened. Once Stauffenberg steps out of the headquarters he would follow suit. Hitler had finally arrived, this time with Goering. Himmler? Where's Himmler? Stauffenberg frantically searched for him among the men that filed in. He did not come. It was Himmler who was more important than Goering. It does not matter if Goering dies. He would not have any power over Germany once Hitler was assassinated. Stauffenberg looked at Klausing with a slight disappointed look on his face. Plan two has been aborted. Tresckow – 9pm Tresckow initially knew that this plan two will be aborted in the end but he does not want to admit it. Stauffenberg does things in a rush, no doubt. The telephone by his desk rang suddenly, unexpectedly. He picked it up without having had to wait for it to ring the second time. \"Tresckow,\" he said into the phone. \" Tresckow, it is great to hear from you again! I have news - great news for not just only you but also the other Hitler conspirators!\" It was Schlabrendorff, his cousin, calling him this late at night to tell him news. Tresckow raised an eyebrow. \"Oh? What was it?\" \" General Fromm is holding a briefing on the army at the Eastern Front in the conference room at No. 8 Tristanstrasse, Wansee on 2oth July. I am not sure but I heard that Stauffenberg is mad about assassinating Hitler. If you don't mind, Tresckow…\" \"Yes, yes, Schlabrendorff, yes. Thank you very much, you have been a great help. Stauffenberg will be happy when he receives this piece of information.\" Tresckow hung up immediately without wishing him well. July 16 th – Olbricht's house – 8pm A smile twisted onto the lips of Stauffenberg when he heard what Tresckow had told him. \"This is indeed great news!\" he exclaimed looking at Klausing. Klausing nodded his head, \"Yes sir, this is great news indeed.\" \"We will carry out the plan with success this time. Hitler will not be cheated of death this time, I so swear!\" Stauffenberg said enthusiastically. \"Klausing…\" \"Wait, Stauffenberg!\" Olbricht interrupted. \"Before you go, I have something for you.\" Olbricht looked towards Mertz and motioned him to take out the time bomb. Mertz is another co-conspirator of Hitler and also supported the plan. Mertz took out a rectangular metal box, heavy, with two small holes at each end of the width of the box, two long and thin stick and a pair of pliers and handed them to Olbricht. He placed them on a table nearby. Tresckow knew what that is. He, Stauffenberg and Klausing watched Olbricht attached the two long and thin metal sticks to each end of the box and took up the pliers. Turning to Stauffenberg, he said, \"This is a much more advanced time bomb. Tresckow used this bomb last year when he attempted his assassination plan on Hitler in Smolensk. The time bomb goes off exactly five minutes once you use these pliers and bend the edges of these two metal sticks.\" Stauffenberg took it and thanked Olbricht before he leaves. Tresckow looked at Olbricht worriedly. \"Do you think it will be successful this time?\" Olbricht shrugged. \"I don't know. We have to trust him again this time. As long as Hitler doesn't find out this assassination plan, all will be well on form…\" July 20 th 1944 – Rustenburg Stauffenberg woke up early that morning and got everything ready. Klausing was already outside waiting for him eagerly. After today, all of Germany will be safe from Hitler's tyranny! It does not matter if Himmler is there or not. Himmler or no Himmler, the plan must be carried out all the same, come what may. It was close to twelve noon when they had finally reached No. 8 Tristanstrasse, Wansee, Rustenburg. The guards let them through once they had shown them their passports. Klausing looked in Stauffenberg's way when they had arrived just outside of the conference room. \" Stay close to the building. I'll come out few minutes before the bomb goes off, hear me?\" clarified Stauffenberg, whispering. Klausing nodded, all set. Stauffenberg finally stepped out of the car and into the building. He overheard someone said to General Fromm: \"Hitler himself is arriving soon…\" Stauffenberg glance at his watch. It read: 12:35pm. If he sets in within one minute and place the bag under the table not far from Hitler and run away, everything will be just fine and well-planned. Great , Stauffenberg thought. I have one minute to prepare everything. It should be efficient enough. He went into the Gents' room excusing himself. He quickly bend the edges of the thin metal sticks attached to the time bomb that Olbricht had given him and stuffed it back into the suitcase again before joining the others in the room. Stauffenberg glanced at his watch again and it read: 12:36pm. Hitler came no sooner than expected and stood in the centre with the maps in front of him and General Fromm the opposite of him. The bomb will go off exactly at 12:47pm. Stauffenberg would have to leave at least three minutes before it goes of. The briefing had started… Stauffenberg tried not to glance at his watch too often – in case if any suspicions arise. At 12:44pm, Stauffenberg excused himself on a pretext of making a phone call, which he never did. He made directly for the main door and towards the car with Klausing ready (he had left early to get things ready), waiting for him. When Klausing had just started the engine, the bomb detonated exactly at 12:47pm. Stauffenberg was out of the headquarters already making for the plane station. By the time Stauffenberg reached the plane station he contacted Olbricht. Mertz and Haeften were there awaiting news for the death of their Führer. Olbricht answered the phone with great anticipation. \"Stauffenberg! Did you succeed?\" For the first time in the past few weeks Stauffenberg felt happy. \"Yes I did. The bomb went off and Hitler was killed. We will take relevant steps next.\" He hung up and boarded the plane along with Klausing back to Berlin to meet the others. Hitler was finally dead and Germany was free from his tyranny! Tresckow – 3:30pm Tresckow received a phone call from Olbricht that Hitler was finally assassinated by Stauffenberg successfully. Germany is free from Hitler's tyranny! Berlin – Olbricht's home – 6:20pm Stauffenberg, Klausing, Olbricht, Mertz and Haeften all gathered in Olbricht's living room, discussing what to do next. Tresckow had not wanted to come that night to discuss what steps were to be taken next. All of a sudden, Vogel Diefendorf, Olbricht's manservant dash into the room with full drive of fear. \"Master Olbricht, I am sorry to interrupt. You must listen to this.\" He switched on the radio for all to listen. A news reporter came on air and started reporting: \"The Führer, Hitler, has been attacked by one of his conspirators at Rustenburg during a conference. Someone had planted a bomb in the conference room in a suitcase and was placed beneath the table. The bomb detonated exactly at 12:47pm. Hitler, our Fuhrer, was not killed but only slightly wounded. His officials who escaped from the bomb detonation identified the bag which the bomb was concealed in belonged to Colonel Stauffenberg.\" All the five conspirators stared at each other in disbelief. Hitler is alive! Olbricht seemed to have loose his interest in his life. Haeften and Mertz sat back. There is no need for discussions about the next relevant steps for Germany. Stauffenberg was livid. No, I saw the bomb go off! Hitler is dead! Who says that he isn't? He fumed some more. \"Stauffenberg, what have you done? Why did it not go off?\" Olbricht asked despondently. \"Damn it, I saw the bomb go off myself; Klausing was there and he saw everything also!\" said Stauffenberg heatedly. Klausing, looking at Stauffenberg miserably, said, \"I want to go back to my family. I quit; I fear for my life and those of my family's. Would you, please, grant me leave?\" Stauffenberg had nothing else to loose and said, \"You may go, Klausing, if that is your wish from me.\" Klausing left without saying anything more. All that has been done has come to waste. They await their deaths quietly. The next morning at 12:30am, Stauffenberg, Mertz, Olbricht and Haeften were arrested and executed by firing squad in the inner courtyard of the Bendlerstrasse Headquarters. Tresckow After Claus von Stauffenberg's assassination attempt on Hitler and the following coup in Berlin had failed, Tresckow decided to commit suicide near the front on 21 July. To protect others, he pretended there was a partisan attack and killed himself with a hand grenade in Ostrow near Bialystok. He was buried in the family home in Wartenberg. When the Nazis learned about his connections in late August, his coffin was excavated and taken to the crematorium of Sachsenhausen Concentration Camp . ","Summary":" [During the Second World War there are people who hated Hitler and would want to attempt to end his"},{"Movie":"Valkyrie","Title":"A Silent Integrity","Author":"ElvenSailorGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4785619","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Valkyrie, or anything associated with it. I will make no money off of this; I am simply interpreting another interpretation of real men in a real situation. Author's Note: This came to me after seeing the film a second time. I was watching the ending and I realized how sad, and apologetic the look on Tresckow's face was as he committed suicide. That thought evoked this. Acey Dearest – a very good friend of mine – helped me come up with the title and let me use her as a sounding board as I talked through the plot, as well as betaing this. This would not be what it is without her. A Silent Integrity Sometimes, failure is forgivable - a minor dent in the surface of the road, or an awkward moment, filled with silent stares and twitchy hands. But, now, this moment, this failure, is not forgivable. It's glaring and gaping, a chasm to cross, but only crossable by a bridge made of men's bodies and souls given willing by those men who believed in something bigger than themselves. I am one of those men. As I stand before the court, their red robes glaring, their voices raised and angry, I know my body and my soul is to build that bridge. I will not deny my words; it would be futile and cowardly. I have been enough of a coward already. I was not there that night two months ago. I wasn't captured, tried, sentenced and had that sentence brought to bear a matter of mere hours. No, I was not there, but then again, I was. My hopes died with those men. A lifetime now would not change the feeling I have. A year, a month, a day - it makes no difference. I should have done so many things, and yet, I didn't act. Sure as I stand now, I stood up against the Party, refusing to join, but never more. My risk, in retrospect, now as I stand facing a group of men that can never condemn me as I deserve it, was so small in comparison to that of others. They say that I am a traitor, and maybe I am, but only to their Germany, never to my own. I tell them that within months the people, harried and tired will drag them through the dirty streets. I say the words convincingly, but deep inside my heart I wonder if it's true. If it is, then perhaps, I have not failed my country, my fatherland, as deeply as I somehow know I have. They can kill me however they like; it makes little difference to me now. They carry me away, rough hands gripping my arms like vices as if I would escape. I have nothing to escape to. All I have left is my failure to Germany. My failure - and my belief that saving my country was worth any price. --- Erwin von Witzleben - August 8, 1944 --- Standing in this line, hearing the ragged breathing of the others, the sound of the Colonel's blood hitting the floor, the encroaching footsteps of a man hell-bent to condemn us all, I wonder what I might have done differently. I know now that I could not have spoken out more than I did - I was weak, and foolish to ever think I could. The Party was like a wall, ever looming over me, over the Resistance, over Germany and to have said a harsher word would have been as though I were offering myself as a prisoner or a target. But still, to have said nothing is a far worse crime. To have let my own fear silence me despite knowing what was right, knowing the words that needed to be said and holding my tongue is a shame I must bear forever, a shame that will reach beyond the quickly approaching moment of my death. Fromm arrests me, a moot point and merely a formality; we all know that when the sun rises on Hitler's Germany come morning, we will not be citizens if we ever truly were to begin with. It is no surprise that he plans to see us all dead, despite what the Major says. But I simply cannot bring to bear the thought of having them, the loyal national socialists, punish my crime. My crime is not that which I'm accused of. My crime is truly and simply a failure, against God, against my countrymen - my brothers-in-arms, and against my fatherland. I will not fail again; the punishment that must be brought to bear upon me is only worthwhile if it is from the hand of someone who understands the failure themselves. The three faces that would otherwise serve as my absolution are useless to me now, something for which I hold as much guilt as they. So, I must attempt to absolve myself instead. As the heels of military boots fall on the floor, heavy and steady, I make my last request. A pistol. It's a small thing - dark and shining, given to me with an understanding of what I plan. The weight in my hand is strangely comforting. I find myself ready to pay for that which I've done while the cold metal presses into my temple and the awkward angle of my arm feels painfully strained. My last words are true. I am thinking of earlier times, much earlier, of when my fatherland was still sacred, when I squeeze the trigger. --- Ludwig Beck - July 21, 1944 --- Even now I find it hard to admit that he was right. Standing beside a man who only a moment before had been alive, I still want to deny that Colonel von Stauffenberg was right. I failed my country because I was afraid. The theory, the words, never made me afraid, but when the time came to follow through, I couldn't. The action was beyond what my mind could bear - I was afraid of the course of action I had chosen. In that moment, I chose to die as well. My fear led to my failure and my death, it seems. Had I said yes, had I given him permission to proceed, perhaps things would have been different. By now the war could be over, a truce reached, and the lives so wantonly thrown into a losing a battle might not have been lost. I am the cause of it, I know as surely as I hear the click of the camera recording these executions. It is a stain my soul will bear forever. The men in this bunker slip the wire round my throat, but the hands may as well have been my own. When I spoke out of fear that we would not succeed, I condemned myself, and our plan to failure. It is my fault alone that my sacred Germany, the ever present fatherland, does not exist yet again. The wire round my neck tightens, and all I know is that this darkness is one that I cannot, and could not, reach beyond. --- Carl Goerdeler - February 2, 1945 --- I was sure he could succeed, that we would, if he took the lead. Yet when I heard the Führer's voice on the radio, I knew it was over. With all the things we hoped for nearly coming to pass, we had fallen, as though we were flying towards the sun on wings of wax. I hate to admit the failure or that we have run out of chances and that this is the end. But there is no alternative. There is some measure, however small, of divine providence that I am here, surrounded by the silent trees as I spend my last moments. If I must die, I will do it by my own hand, since all else that I set out to accomplish never succeeded by it. I pray for the lives of my family, and for the families of the others, being so far removed from the center of the conflict I know they are in more danger than I. As I twist off the cap of the explosive slowly, I wish there were some way for me to amend what went wrong, to pray to God, and have him rewrite the pages of time so that we were successful. But, despite the desire that burns strongly within my heart that this might be so, I know it is impossible. The only payment, the only sacrifice I can give is my life, and so that is the sacrifice I offer. The explosive is heavy in the hand under my chin as I close my eyes and pray one last time for the souls of the others. I do not know if there is anyone left to pray for my own. I do not think I would deserve it even if there were. I wish there were a way to apologize for my failed attempts at restoring my fatherland, a way to tell my country I had done all I could do. But other than this, there is no way, of that I am certain. My last thought is tragically true, despite my wishes to the contrary. All I ever had was a silent integrity, and today I find that was not enough. --- Henning von Tresckow - July 21, 1944 --- Author's Note: There it is, any reviews would be very much appreciated. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Valkyrie, or anything associated with it. I will make no money off of this"},{"Movie":"Valkyrie","Title":"I did my duty","Author":"cd11","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8606066","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I did my duty: a Valkyrie short story; This story is based on the point of view of Friedrich Fromm, German General watching from the balcony when Stauffenburg and the others were shot in the courtyard. He looked down from the balcony, cigarette in hand watching his orders carried out. The four condemned men waited for their deaths with silence. The firing squad officer shouted \"Olbricht\" as the general was led to the sand pile. Poor fool, Fromm thought. You should have thought better of this plot old boy. I could have been part of this, they wanted me too. As the shots rang out, Olbricht fell to the ground. Not me gentlemen. I did my duty; I remembered my oath to Hitler. \"Mertz\" the officer shouts. The bald officer steps forward with dignity to his death. Fromm considered saving him for a moment. No, he thought that one knows too much. While I did not actually join them. I did show my support. But I'm safe; I did my duty after all. And that is the mark for a good officer. The shots rang out, Mertz fell. The officer shouted again \"Stauffenburg!\" This peaked Fromm's interest. The wounded hero who almost killed Hitler. The fool, Fromm thought. You never had a chance! I'm glad I did not join with you. \"Ready, Aim,\" the officer commanded. Then Von Haeften walked up to Stauffenburg and both men looked at each other for the last time. Several members of the firing squad fired and shot the lieutenant in the back. This will be the end of it, as Stauffenburg waited for his turn. Fromm watched as Stauffenburg straighten his tunic. Stared at his excocutiners and shouted \"Long Live Sacred Germany!\" as the command was given to fire. He was hit in the chest and fell to the ground. Fromm just stared from the balcony, took a last drag of his cigarette, tossed it to the ground and spoke to himself softly \"I did my duty, and I saved myself.\" However, Fromm was wrong. As events would show, he was in too much of a hurry to get any witnesses out of the way to preserve his own life. In the end it did not matter. On September 14, 1944, he was discharged from the German Army. He was later sentenced to death by firing squad on March 7, 1945. As Fromm looked out at his execution squad, did he think I only did my duty? ","Summary":" I did my duty: a Valkyrie short story; This story is based on the point of view of Friedrich Fromm,"},{"Movie":"Valkyrie","Title":"Silent Confession","Author":"ElvenSailorGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4779393","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing. All this is is my interpretation of another interpretation of the actions and motivations of a real man in a real event. I claim nothing and I will make no money. Author's Note: This is completely and utterly based on the factoid I saw that Stauffenberg was a practicing Catholic. I thought it'd be an interesting thing to explore in the confines of the film (since we only see Stauffenberg in a church once, and then he's meeting with Olbricht, and in the back of the church). Bless me father, for I have sinned. I have enticed another man to join a conspiracy to commit murder. I can take a bit of comfort from the fact that he will not be the one to end all of this with bloodstained hands, and yet I know that the condemnation I have enticed him into is just that, condemnation. My condemnation will be more dire, I know, and of my own making completely. I have coveted. I have coveted a whole man's hands, and not for the reasons I thought I might. It was not so I could properly hug my children or hold my wife, but something altogether more sinister than that. I covet the ease with which I would be able to carry out the assassination of the Führer. I have judged. I make no claims to holiness, yet I have judged the men who have the position to do something. When a man is morally and physically engaged in a war against tyranny, if he has the ability to do that which is needed or to facilitate it; he has an obligation to act accordingly. I know I have no right to judge these men and yet their inaction baffles and angers me simultaneously. I have broken an oath. I have broken it and I continue to do so without remorse or regret. When I took the oath it was taken seriously and of my own free will as a soldier. I broke and continue to break this oath in order to keep one far differently intentioned. The oath I intend to keep was taken as a countryman, the moment I was old enough to understand the importance of it, without words but rather a feeling and a desire held closely in my heart. I cannot say which oath is better, that to my Führer or that to my Germany. I only know that to keep one is to break the other now, and I will ever choose my country over any man; as my conscience tells me that my Germany was so long before the Führer and that the longer standing oath is better kept. I do not know if this is true, but I have made my decision and as a loyal German I cannot - will not - see her so defiled as the Führer will lead her to be in the end. The murder I am to commit was not solely my idea, but it was my decision to be the tool by which it was committed, a sin I fully and gladly take upon myself. The Christ of my conscience, assures me his death will save many, a fact that is undeniably true and that is more than enough to justify action. Perhaps it is not Christ in my conscience, since judging the worth of a man's life compared to the worth of the lives of many is not godly I suppose, but neither is the vengeance I intend to enact on his followers after the fact - but for the good and right Germany, our Holy Germany to be restored it seems that a penance must be paid, a penance of blood. And were mine demanded I would gladly give it, but my blood will not remove the Führer from his tyrant's throne. But these sins are not my only ones. Nor have I stated the worst of my sins of late. I have doubted. Not in our course of action, which I believe is necessary. No, what I doubt is our chances of success. One single misstep and we will all fall, unwavering as we must be, into the flaming hatred belonging to Hitler's loyal Socialists. I fear our chances are small. We must - I must pray that God forgives my grievous sin and grants mercy not only on my soul in the end but also that he allows our plot to proceed as planned. I do not expect him to do such a thing not matter how desirable it would be. And perhaps the most grievous of the sins I have listed is this - that these words will never be heard. I trust God and the men who do his work even now, but I do not trust those in power, particularly those who have suspicions (for I fear that from the other attempts we are being found out) to stay within the boundaries that are set between that which the government is allowed to know and that which is only for the ears of God's man and God himself. So all I can do is pray that God will accept this silent confession with no intermediary, and that He will take mercy on my soul and will grant me forgiveness for both what I have done and I intend to do. Author's Note: That's all folks. I am not Catholic, so this whole exercise might be completely out of place as a confession, but the idea begged me to write it, so I did. Also, this portrayal Stauffenberg is a bit doubtful, which is an element not explored in the film, but I think it's almost inevitable, whether he let someone see it or not. Also edited from the original to fix a phrasing issue because when I thought about it it was pretty much impossible. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing. All this is is my interpretation of another interpretation of the action"},{"Movie":"Valkyrie","Title":"Ten Minutes With Stauffenberg","Author":"Felicie Senta","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4896014","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Stauffenberg, 'cause well...duh...he's a real person. But Nadia is mine. \"You got ten minutes.\" I was thrust into a dimly lit room, my hands scrabbling against the walls to find a place to hold onto. My fingers quickly became encased in grim and dirt. The guard that had shoved me inside the cell leered at me, with a hint of sharp laughter. The cell was dark gray, two open flames flickering behind me. A cell door lead into a hall, but I couldn't see past it. The guard's dark eyes glinted as they ran along my body, and my eyes narrowed with crisp ire. He glanced away and I looked around me. The surroundings were mostly cast in shadows and I could only see a small, square table and two metal chairs. A man with dark brown hair was seated in the one farthest from the door, his head hanging down. A quiet chuckle from the man in handcuffs sent me spinning around, and I remembered my purpose. \"You have no right to laugh at me. If anyone is to laugh, it is me.\" I growled, and tugged the seat out from under the table. Shoving my feet under the table, I leaned forward with my elbows resting against the gray-washed table, acting like an eager schoolgirl. The man shrugged and moved to rub his eyes. The eyes were bloodshot and tired, purple bruises running beneath them. His face was a mess of blood and cuts and I sighed at the long, festering gash that ran from his cheekbone to his chin. \"You have seen no doctor, I presume?\" It was dangerous to let this conspirator come into contact with anyone, beside trained officials like myself. The man shook his head. His silent answers were beginning to annoy me. I beckoned forward the guard and whispered into his ear, \"Get a nurse with wet compresses and bandages.\" The guard looked hesitant and my famous temper flared, \"Do as I say!\" That set him scampering off. I allowed a smile to inch across my face. Turning my attention back on the man, I decided a polite inquiry might work the best. If not, I could be vile and forceful. \"For politeness's sake, I ask your name.\" \"Drop the act, madam.\" the man's eyes cut through me, \"My name is Claus Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg . And yours is?\" \"Nadia Scwvitz.\" I smiled at Stauffenberg aggressively, \"Tell me what happened.\" \"You know. The building went up in smoke, I ran, and Hitler survived.\" \"A miracle. The bomb was strategically placed, I must say.\" \"Thank you.\" \"Tell me why.\" \"Look around you, Nadia! What do you see? This isn't what you pictured. You pictured perfection, not death, beauty, not scars! What do you see now?\" I looked down, painfully aware of the scar that curved along my cheek. \"I see what must be done.\" Stauffenberg snorted, \"That's the Nazi orientated answer. Now, tell me yours.\" He paused and looked at me, hard, \"You may look like your mother, but you are nothing like her in personality.\" My body went numb, a shivering cold settled on me. My mother had died trying to help the Jewish people and this...this plot 'Valkyrie'. I looked at the man across me with a surge of hatred and reluctant admiration. \"My opinion does not matter. It never will. We are one and one body must think the same.\" My green eyes came up, challenging Stauffenberg. \"You let one person govern your mind and body?\" My smirk lessened into a calculating frown, \"No, never. I govern my mind, but, Stauffenberg, in the end, your body is not your own. By the end of this meeting, it will hopefully be burned to charred bits.\" \"If you govern your mind, why do you think this way? Didn't your mother raise you differently?\" \"My mother is dead and she is dead because of a cause that will not succeed.\" \"Who says? Just because one plot is shot down, it does not mean the cause is forgotten. Just because you don't know what goes on beyond your pretty little head doesn't mean the world doesn't either.\" \"The Allies are closing in, true. But the Jews will be long dead by then.\" \"Will they? They are tough, they will survive. The matter is will you?\" It was my turn to snort at him, \"Oh, Stauffenberg, I will survive.\" A nurse appeared and wiped his cuts. The festering one had medicine applied and a bandage stretched across it. \"I am dead already. Why do you clean my cuts?\" A sharp yank at my heart pulled me short, \"Can't have you a mess for the execution, can we?\" The nurse left, giving me a harsh look and the guard peeked in, \"Your ten minutes are up.\" Stauffenberg's face turned ashen for a moment. Ten minutes were up. His life was up. I touched his arm with a surprising amount of compassion, \"Die bravely. Tell my mother I miss her and love her dearly.\" I stood and titled my head upward, letting my dirty blond hair sway against my cheek. As I tugged at the door handle, Stauffenberg asked, in a voice choked with fear and bravery intertwined, \"Hey, Nadia, save me a place in history.\" Brave, brave Stauffenberg. I swung around and my green eyes met his blue ones. \"I promise.\" I've never seen the movie but I've read the books. I thought maybe someone could see Stauffenberg in his final moments. It's a bit choppy and short but hopefully you get the point. EDIT: This is the second version, so please re-read and review. Yours, Fel ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Stauffenberg, 'cause well...duh...he's a real person. But Nadia is mine. \""},{"Movie":"Valkyrie","Title":"His Death","Author":"DarkAlice0342","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8814090","Passage":"[Chapter 1] His Death Valkyrie (2008 film) Stauffenberg/ O.C Disclaim: I Do NOT Own Valkyrie (2008 film), only my O.C Catrina felt her heart clench when she saw the four men she loved and respected walk out of Stauffenberg's office to the cold, dark June night. She felt the wind knock out of her when Stauffenberg look at her. She moved to the steps that led down to the ground, but Fromm grabbed her arms. She looked at him. \" Let me go!\" \" I know what you'll do. If you help them or try to save them, then that means that you're with them.\" Catrina snatched her arm from his grip and looked him dead in the eye. \" Then I shall die as one of them!\" She started to walk away, but he grabbed her and secured an arm around her waist to keep her from going anywhere. \" Not while I'm here.\" He moved her back to the balcony, ignoring her struggling. He made her watch. She looked at Stauffenberg. He didn't look like he was afraid, but she knew deep down that he was. She knew that no one knew what happened between them. She never meant for what happened between them to happen. It just happened. She let out a deep sigh and her mind started wrapping around the memory. (Flashback) Catrina knocked on Colonel Stauffenberg's office door. She let out a deep sigh. She knew he wouldn't approve of this, but she had to try. \" Come in.\" She opened the door and he looked up at her from his work. \" Catrina,\" He put his pen down. \" Please, come in.\" She walked in his office and closed the door. He looked at the document tucked under arm, then back at her. He leaned back in his office chair. \" What can I do for you?\" She walked up to his desk and placed the document on his desk. He looked at her, then at the document. He flipped the document open. \" What is this all about?\" She crossed her arms over her chest. \" A few of the men you asked to help you with this 'Operation Valkyrie' have come to me and asked me to put a few things together.\" \" About what?\" \" About how idiotic and foolish it is.\" He looked at her. She took a step back when she saw the look in his eye. She knew that he was angry. She knew he was going to be angry about this, but she thought that he didn't understand the outcomes of Valkyrie. He was going to try to assassinate her own Uncle. He was her own flesh and blood, but she knew that his death would change Germany. He flipped the document close and stood up. She took another step back. She knew she was about to get a lecture. \" So, they sent you.\" \" Because, they thought that I could get through to you.\" He moved from behind his desk and she took another step back. She was very afraid of what he was about to say. He leaned against the front of his desk. \" Do you agree with them?\" She gave him a simple nod. \" Yes, I do.\" \" Why?\" \" Because, I believe what they are saying. This operation is pure idiotic and foolish.\" He raised his left eyebrow at her. \" Really?\" \" Yes,\" \" I see. You don't trust me, Catrina?\" \" I do, but sir, you've got to understand all of the consequences of Valkyrie.\" \" I do understand. I can be killed.\" He moved from his desk and took a step toward her. \" I know that I will be killed. This is my life and I choose what to do with it.\" He moved toward her, until he was standing right in front of her. He gripped her right upper arm with his hand and she had no choice, but to look at him. \" I will not do anything to put you in danger.\" She gave him a simple nod. \" I know you won't.\" She felt her heart pound against her ribcage and her cheeks turn rosy red. She had always harvest feelings for him, but she couldn't do anything, because he was married. But, that didn't mean that she couldn't love him. He gave her a small smile. He moved his face towards her's and pressed his lips to her's. The kiss was short and sweet. They looked at each other, until she pressed her lips to his', again. This kiss was longer. She wrapped her arms around his neck. He moved his hand from her upper arm and secured his good arm around her waist. She felt the stubble on his face brush against her cheeks. She moved her fingers to his hair and laced them through his dark hair. She opened her mouth and she felt his tongue slip into her mouth. Their tongues tangled together. They both jumped and moved away from each other when there was a knock at Stauffenberg's office door. He looked at her. He couldn't help, but smile. Her lips were red from their kiss and there was a faint, pink blush on her cheeks. She looked at him. His hair was a little messed up from where her fingers were and his lips were red from their kiss. She felt so horrible. She should fill horrible. She kissed a married man! She looked away from his gaze and made her way over to his desk. He became a little worried and a little concerned for her, because the look on her face. She picked up the document and started to walk to the door, until he grabbed her hand. They looked at each other. \" Colonel Stauffenberg!\" \" One moment!\" His eye never left her eyes. He moved toward her and pressed his lips to her's. She wanted to grab him and melt into his kiss, but he had someone at his office door and he was married. She had to stop this. She pulled her lips away and looked at him. She saw the concern in his eye. She shook her head and mouthed a quick apology. She kissed his stubbled cheek and made her way to his office door. She opened the door and saw Lt. von Haeften. \" Oh, Ms. Catrina, I'm so sorry. I didn't know…\" She shook her head and smiled. \" There's nothing to apologize for. Colonel Stauffenberg and I were just discussing a few things.\" Lt. von Haeften looked over her shoulder and saw the look of Colonel Stauffenberg's face. He knew that he had interrupted something. He looked back at Catrina. She gave him a small smile and he returned it. She looked at Stauffenberg, then back at Haeften. \" I'll leave you gentleman to it.\" She moved past Haeften and made her way down the hallway. She stopped at the end of the hallway. She leaned against one of the walls and let out a deep sigh. What came over her? Why would she do something like that? He had four, beautiful children and a beautiful, nice wife. She didn't want to do anything to ruin his marriage. She didn't want to deprive his children of a father. She ran a hand through her hair. ' Just forget about it.' She took a deep and made her way to her office. (End of Flashback) She looked down and saw Olbritch look at Stauffenberg. Olbritch gave him a simple nod. \" Olbritch!\" They grabbed him and put him in front of a dirt mound. She felt tears welt up in her eyes. \" Ready!\" Olbritch jumped. He looked up to the balcony and looked directly at Catrina. He saw the tears run down her face. He gave a quick nod of his head. \" Aim!\" Catrina felt herself going weak at the knees. She closed her eyes and heard the sound of guns fire. She let out a small cry and opened her eyes. She saw Olbritch's dead body on the ground. She covered her mouth with her free hand. She didn't understand. Why did this have to happen? \" Von Quirnheim!\" She looked at von Quirnheim as soon as they called him. The guards grabbed him and carried him to the big dirt mound. More tears ran down her face. She closed her eyes and looked down. She heard the gunshots. Why was this happening? She just wanted this to be a bad dream and wake up, but she couldn't. \" Stauffenberg!\" Catrina's eyes shot open and she looked directly at Stauffenberg. She felt her heart stop in her chest. The guards grabbed Stauffenberg and led him to the dirt mound. They stood him in front of the dirt mound and they walked away. Catrina struggled against Fromm's grip. She had to get to Stauffenberg. She had to save him. \" Ready!\" Catrina twisted and turned in Fromm's grip. She had to get free. \" Aim!\" \" NO!\" Catrina looked and saw von Haeften move toward Stauffenberg. She watched him stand in front of Stauffenberg. Haeften's back was to the fire squad and he was staring right into Stauffenberg's eye. Haeften looked at her. He gave her a simple nod. She gave him a weak smile and a simple nod. The guns fired and von Haeften dropped dead. Catrina let out a screech of terror and covered her mouth with her hand. The guards placed von Haeften's body on a sheet and carried him away. The firing squad turned their attention back to Stauffenberg. \" Ready!\" Catrina broke free of Fromm's grip and ran down the stairs. \" Aim!\" She ran toward Stauffenberg, pushing past the guards. The captain was about to give the order. \" Stop!\" The men, including Stauffenberg, looked at Catrina. She looked at the captain. \" Ms. Catrina, what are you…\" \" Captain, please, may I have one moment? That's all I ask.\" The captain looked at her, then at Stauffenberg. He saw the look on his face. The captain looked back at Catrina. He gave her a simple nod. She smiled and mouthed him a 'thank you'. She walked over to Stauffenberg. She stood in front of him. They looked at each other. He gave her a fake smile and used his hand to wipe the tears away from her face. \" You've got to move.\" She shook her head. \" I don't want you to die.\" \" I told you. I knew what I was getting myself into. I was not going to put you in danger.\" She breathed a fake laugh and shook her head. \" I'd rather die with you, than live a lie.\" He shook his head. \" I won't let you kill yourself for me.\" She dropped her head. He took one of his three fingers, placed it under her chin and lifted her head. New tears fell down her face. He smiled at her. She moved her face towards his' and pressed her lips to his'. Fromm, the captain and the firing squad watched in horror. She had been with them all along. Catrina pulled away and looked at Stauffenberg. \" I love you. I always have.\" He pressed his forehead to her's. \" I love you, too.\" \" Ms. Catrina!\" Catrina closed her eyes and let out a deep sigh. There was nothing she could do to save him. \" Go,\" She opened her eyes and looked at him. More tears poured down her face. \" Please, just go.\" She nodded and pressed a small, quick kiss to his lips. She moved away from him and stood next to the captain. The captain looked at Catrina. She had never done anything wrong. He wanted to help her, but he couldn't. He looked from her to his men. \" Ready!\" Catrina looked at Stauffenberg. He winked at her and smiled. \" Aim!\" His eye never left her's and she mouthed an 'I love you' to him. \" LONG LIVE SACRED GERMANY!\" Catrina eyes never left him when he was shot and his dead body dropped to the ground. \" Stand down!\" The captain looked at Catrina. He saw the tears in her eyes. She looked from Stauffenberg's body to Fromm. They locked gazes. She shook her head. \" IS THIS WHAT YOU WANTED?!\" The captain looked as Fromm let out his cigarette. \" ANSWER ME!\" Fromm avoided her gaze and walked back into Stauffenberg's former office. The captain looked at Catrina. \" Ms. Catrina?\" She looked at the captain. \" Please take his body up and bury him.\" \" Yes ma'am.\" He was about to walk away, until she grabbed his arm. He looked at her. \" And give him some honor…The honor that you and I both know that he deserves.\" Fresh, hot tears ran down her face. \" Yes, ma'am.\" She gave him a simple nod. She took his face in her hands and kissed his cheek. \" Thank you.\" She released his face and moved back to the building, without looking at Stauffenberg. Catrina slid down to the floor and cried. How could she live without him? She loved him! She looked at her desk. She stood up and walked over to her desk. She opened the first drawer and pulled out her gun. She cried and moved over to her office window. She cocked the gun and put it to her head. Her words echoed in her head. \" I'd rather die with you, than live a lie.\" She sucked up her tears and closed her eyes. She remembered Stauffenberg's last words. \" LONG LIVE SACRED GERMANY!\" She pulled the trigger and she fell to the floor, dead. AssassinAles0245: I love Tom Cruise in Valkyrie ","Summary":" His Death Valkyrie (2008 film) Stauffenberg/ O.C Disclaim: I Do NOT Own Valkyrie (2008 film), only "},{"Movie":"Valkyrie","Title":"Here I Swear","Author":"ElvenSailorGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4778847","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing within. All this is is my interpretation of another interpretation of the actions and motivations of real men in a real event. I claim nothing and I make no money. Author's Note: I was greatly disappointed that there were no introspective character pieces for this film, as I think it really lends itself to it. This is my attempt to rectify that. Here I swear an oath... I meant every word. This man I swore to protect - to serve - had saved my country from a fate many of us feared was unavoidable. The least I could do was serve him as he had served us. This Germany, the glorious Germany he had resurrected from the ashes we were surrounded by before he came to us. I am too young to have seen the first war, but my father served his country then, and I never aspired to more than he could do, leading me to join the army when the opportunity arose. After the war, there was nothing - even from when I can remember there were few opportunities, and less to own. And then he came, elected as chancellor, and led us out of the hovel we had been forcibly resigned to seeing our ever precious country as by those who thought we had done wrong in the first war. He was like an angel or a saint, leading us forward to where our Germany was destined to be. The service he has done for Germany has earned the unswerving and total devotion of the people. Young though I may be at twenty and five, I intend to give it fully. Anything else would be a disservice to mein Deutschland. ... to my Führer, Adolf Hitler. --- Here I swear an oath... My position in Hitler's army has left me with a dilemma. I have never claimed to be a soldier out of some imagined sense of duty to the state. I know what I am, just as others do. My service, though I do hold my country in a high place of my heart, is out of the desire for personal gain. I have never once denied this. And yet, though I am left with an option that appeals to me and one that does not, I cannot find the proper reaction to the offer. I knew it would happen eventually, for all that I do not know them by name, or rather, I do not know them all by name the Resistance had not fooled me into thinking that none of their ranks resided in the offices of the War Commission or other segments of the military force. Yet, I had never expected to be given such a blunt proposition. For my involvement in their plot, I would receive a significant promotion. An appealing idea - had it come attached to something other than high treason. My conscience, though admittedly not the stronger part of my mind, will not allow me to so lightly throw away the oaths sworn to mein Führer. ... I will do nothing unless Hitler is dead. --- Here I swear an oath... I have never doubted that this course of action was right. To remove Hitler, an embodiment of tyranny hiding under a mask of socialism and national pride, will remain to be the aim until we achieve success, and yet, as I wait, I find that more and more often I find myself glancing at the portrait of the man I intend to see dead. It is as if the oil paints know the true purpose of plan they hide, and the silent eyes stare through me, condemning me with every passing moment. I know, as we all do the cost should we fail in our endeavor. The fear has not left me since my decision was made, and it eats away at the bottom of my stomach. Knowing what is right for my country does not abate the fear of dying seen as a traitor to her. I have never feared dying in her service, but the idea of being executed as a traitor to the country I was attempting to rescue stays my hand from the action I know I must enact. As weak as it may make me seem, I simply cannot stand the idea of the revulsion of mein Deutschland. ... I will wait for confirmation. --- Here I swear an oath... I have tried. I have done all I could to see my assignment carried out successfully. And still, at every turn I have been thwarted, and I have no explanation. I know that some would say that God is protecting him, but I cannot accept that. If anything, the man has sold his soul to the devil for some unnatural protection. The fact remains that it is my failure to finish this quickly. It is obvious that someone else is needed. I do not doubt the need for this. I do not doubt that action is called for. I do not doubt that to that which is best for our country we will earn its hatred. Yet, I cannot find it within myself to continue on as the hands of this body, ever reaching for the neck of the condemned and never able to grasp it solidly. My failures have cost us enough time and we have little enough access to Hitler as it stands. One more failure will likely undo us. The last was far too close. The bomb, though constructed correctly, did not detonate. I fear that in retrieving it I aroused more suspicions than I had intended or can be afforded. That is why another must be the one to kill this man - the man who will never be mein Führer. ... we must show them that we are not all like him. --- Here I swear an oath... It will be done. I will see it through with my own eyes; the blood will fall on my hands. Though the final execution of our plan has yet to happen, we have them in our grasp. It will be swift, done in a matter of hours. I cannot afford to think of failure, none of us can. The doubts will invade our minds if we do. We will be unable to stand the inaction that that will cause. Swift action will restore our holy Germany to her former glory. She needs no Führer, no tyrant, and no mass killings to cleanse the blood of her patriots. The only blood required is from one man. He will not give it willingly I know, thinking himself above the sacrifice he demands of others. Yet as long as he controls this Germany who is merely a pale cousin to her true self, there will be the dilemma forcing men into inaction - a fear of losing his country to serve his Führer, or of losing his life to serve his country. The only fear I have is not for me, but rather for my wife and children. I would not see my children only know this Germany, now that I have seen her as she is, blind as I was for a time. I will do what it seems no other man within this Resistance has the courage to do - forcefully take back mein Deutschland. ...the Führer is dead. Author's Note: So that's it. Please tell me what you think. If you didn't catch the characters, the first part is from an unknown loyalist soldier, the second is Fromm, the third is Olbricht, the fourth is Tresckow, and the last is Stauffenberg. Hopefully, the bottom framing quotes made them obvious if they weren't already, which I was really banking on anyway. Also, I did find that Germans generally refer to their country as the fatherland rather than the motherland, so I suppose the pronoun is incorrect, but I don't think that it works quite as well using the male pronoun. Maybe you disagree, but that was my feeling. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing within. All this is is my interpretation of another interpretation of the"},{"Movie":"Tooth Fairy","Title":"Jell-O Bellies","Author":"Pickm","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10618793","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The obese trio (Derek, Tracy and Ziggy) sat in their cage, Mean fat and angry The real dream crusher came, He explained his mind melting plan to the trio \"You know, I always loved your wife... I was her husband, Until she dumped me for you Derek! Now, I knew you were tooth fairies from the start... Now, I'm gonna get my revenge I thought... Now, Your my slaves... and guess what? I'm gonna fatten your wife, Daughter and kid! Have fun trying to get out...\" The trio were shocked, Not all of them just Derek Derek charged at the dream crusher, Only to be stuffed 30 chilly dogs and 80 fries Derek couldn't move now, Ziggy tried to charge (Because why not? He was a sumo anyway...) Only, To be fattened Tracy was scared, He thought \"No! I'm not trying to fight!\" The dream crusher said: \"You know Tracy? I could read minds...\" as the robot grabbed 900 chilies and fries Tracy was fattened too, Now they were stuck in a tight spot The dream catcher, launched a box The trio could only think \"It's a bomb!\" But... It wasn't... -TO BE CONTINUED-[Chapter 2] The dream crusher, gave the obese trio a big 600 feet Jell-O ball with a remote inside The dream crusher said: \"If you eat all the Jell-O, Then you can get the remote and stop the robot from fattening your family and friends\" Derek started eating the ball, Ziggy bit some pieces off Tracy was worried and said: \"Guys! This might be a trap to turn us all into Jell-O bellies!\" Derek slapped Tracy and yelled: \"So what if!?\" and \"I need to save my family!\" Derek's body started growing, Derek was losing power by the second Meanwhile, Tracy was instead forced fed by the robot Tracy was moved to another room, While Derek thought: \"Thank god...\" -MEANWHILE- Carly, Less and Randy were having a Picnic While the 2 girls and one guy trio were eating, A robot version of Tracy landed on the ground Carly was scared, The robot shot a lazer that went into Carly's mouth Instead of killing her, It made 9000 Jell-Os land in her mouth It made her fat, Not that fat (Like to walk) But still chunky Meanwhile, The kids were scared! Less looked in fear at the robot, The robot spoke: \"I still need to get the woman, But still... Need to get the kids! I'll do the woman and then the kids\" -TO BE CONTINUED-[Chapter 3] Derek, Ziggy and Tracy woke up, In a dark room \"Huh? Where are we?\" Said Derek \"I don't know? Why are you asking me knuckle head!\" Said Ziggy, Angry at Derek's stupid question Suddenly, The robot was back! \"*BEEP* I hope your hungry *BEEP*\" Said the robot, Lifting a feeding tube Derek was scared, He didn't know what was going on! The feeding tube was suddenly in his mouth, Derek tried to call for help! But, Ziggy and Tracy were sleeping... Derek's stomach began to bloat, His pecks turned into boobs It was happening... He remembered how strong he was, And thought \"Will this be forever?\" Derek's body began to bloat, His butt was slightly bigger like his boobs Derek felt his chest become fat and blubber, His face was swelled up Derek felt his legs twist, The tube was taken out of his mouth followed by a: \"BURRRRRPPPP\" From Derek, He was sumo sized Derek tried to flee, But was too fat to run! Derek worried that Ziggy and Tracy would suffer the same fate... -TO BE CONTINUED-[Chapter 4] -MEANWHILE- Randy, Was held by the robot Tracy The robot spoke: \"You know, Your kinda cute! You would look good fat!\" As he inserted a tube of chilly in Randy's mouth The robot spoke again: \"Chilly is for boys, Jell-O is for girls Chilly makes people fatter then Jell-O\" Randy's belly started to grow, As well as his butt The robot said again: \"I want to be your boyfriend! Please?\" As Randy's belt began to fall off and break Randy thought: \"Oh No...\" -MEANWHILE- Ziggy was too full to eat, The dream crusher was happy that he failed Ziggy tried to punch the dream crusher, But he kept teleporting away A feeding tube full of Mcdonald's was inserted into Ziggy's mouth, Ziggy was in for one now -LATER- Ziggy was now in cage, He was stuck inside Derek woke up, He saw that Ziggy and Tracy were defeated and were out cold Derek charged at the girl robot, Only to be stuffed with Mcdonald's \"This game is unfair!\" Yelled Derek, As his pants bursted off revealing his underwear Derek was embarrassed, The dream crusher took a photo and posted it on Twitter Derek got a plan, He crushed the robot with his fat and took the tube He stuffed it into the dream crusher's mouth, The dream crusher began to gain some pounds His belly became big and his butt grew bigger, The dream crusher's pants came off and showed his underwear Derek took his IPhone and posted the picture of him with underwear on Derek's Twitter Derek locked the dream crusher in a cage and continued eating the Jell-O... -TO BE CONTINUED-[Chapter 5] Derek was 50 feet in the Jell-O ball, He was almost going to get the key The dream crusher escaped his cage, He told his Derek robot to fatten up the real Derek Instead, The Derek robot fattened the dream crusher, The dream crusher was now sumo and immobile He had still one more trick up his sleeve, He had a Ziggy robot The Ziggy robot took out a tube and stuffed it into Derek's mouth, He also glued it to his mouth Derek's shirt was coming off, His double chin turned into a triple chin Derek tried to take the tube out, But failed -MEANWHILE- Randy was now a sumo and obese, The robot scooped them up into a sack and headed to the dream crusher's lair Randy asked: \"Where are we going and what's your name?\" The robot answered with a chuckle: \"I'm Tracy, Were going to the dream crusher's lair\" Carly answered: \"Dream crusher? You mean Dave?\" The robot answered: \"Yes! How did you know his name?\" Carly answered: \"He was my boyfriend... Back in the day... But I dumped him for Derek...\" The robot took out a tissue: \"Why? Why did you do that?\" The robot took out a feeding tube, Filled with chilly and stuffed Carly with it The robot spoke again: \"That should keep you quiet...\" -TO BE CONTINUED-[Chapter 6] -MEANWHILE- Derek is now a food balloon, He is now completely immobile The tube was removed from his mouth, He was trapped in a cage by the robot Ziggy The dream crusher said: \"Now let's see-\" He accidentally fell on the Jell-O ball, The remote was bashed in two \"Oops...\" Said the dream crusher, Derek was pissed now \"Now how can I save my family?\" Whined Derek, He looked towards the dream crusher with a angry face Derek bursted open Ziggy's cage, He told Ziggy \"Kill him!\" Ziggy and Derek charged at the dream crusher, The dream crusher was scared \"They have become animals\" Ziggy bashed the robot Ziggy in two, He took the feeding tube and stuffed in into the dream crusher's mouth into his stomach He began to bloat, The dream crusher was getting a ball like shape and massive boobs The lair began to break in two, The duo grabbed Tracy and headed towards the door Quickly, They ran to the home of the kid who's tooth fell out -MEANWHILE- The robot Tracy arrived at the lair, The dream crusher flied up in the air Luckily, Robot Tracy dodged the food balloon, Which popped in confetti The robot Tracy was allergic to confetti, He malfunctioned and blown up The sack landed on the ground, The wobbly trio (Carly, Less and Randy) ran home Robot Derek ran out, He was angry that the fat trios won He spoke: \"*BEEP* I'll have my revenge *BEEP*\" -THE END- ","Summary":" The obese trio (Derek, Tracy and Ziggy) sat in their cage, Mean fat and angry The real dream crushe"},{"Movie":"Valkyrie","Title":"The Prayer of Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg","Author":"steelneena","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4782787","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Happy New Year ! I, being mostly of German decent, was deeply moved with the story of Claus. I decided to write this prayer as a tribute to all those men and their families, especially to Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg, his wife and children. Those brave men who risked their lives to show the world a better Germany, and came so close. God bless them and keep them in His heart P.S. If anyone is interested in translating this into German (I'd do a crappy job, and the Col. deserves better) it would be very much welcomed, seeing as he is a hero of Germany. Pm me if you want to, or just Review, ya know, push the little button! ______________________ The Journal and Writings of Oberst Claus Philipp Maria Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg Entry - July 19th 1944 Mein Gott, tomorrow, as you have made it, I will embark on a perilous mission to show the world the true Deutschland, not Hitler's Germany, or Nazi Germany, but the true Vaterland. I know I put myself and my family, as well as any one else I am acquainted with, in grave danger by revolting against Hitler's regime. Dear God, please, keep my family safe and healthy. You are the shepherd; You keep us under Your watchful eye. Guide us through all the darkness that surrounds us and we shall not fear, for You are with us always. If we do not succeed, death I shall not fear, for I shall have served my country, our Sacred Germany. Forever may it be a banner under you, oh God. Empower us to strike true as we face certain death if we are caught. Help us to let the world see that not all Germans are like Hitler; that not all Germans are Nazis. Amen. These days, it is the fear that Hitler will be the death of us all that keeps us alive. The fear, that if we don't act soon, the Allied forces will strike and that Hitler's War will be lost. And, in the end, Germany crushed. If we fail, if the bomb does not carry out what it is so intended to do, all will be lost. To pray for death is wrong, but if Hitler is not killed, more than one will die. The Jews will be exterminated by the Nazi's if nothing is done, and Germany will be in disgrace. Tomorrow, I shall deposit the bomb at the Wolfsschanze's subterranean Führerbunker where there we will be meeting with Hitler. May God speed us on our way to victory with Operation Walküre, nonwithstanding, those who are unsure whether or not their choice to help us. For who knows what they shall do? We must forgive them, for they are endangering their lives and families, as much as i am. Again, I pray, Mein Gott, for our victory. For Hitler and the Nazi party's detruction, yet I cannot hope too much. I fear that, if I do, all will be lost. For now, I shall follow steadfastly the path which I have chosen, as it be the will of my Lord God, to its conclusion, or its unsuccesful end. Whatever the outcome, I know that I have tried my hardest, and that I have done all in my power. So help me, if this doesn't work, and if the pencil detonator bombs do not kill Hitler, I would murder him myself. I do not think it wise, but I am sorely tempted. But for my family, I would. Let this not be the end, but a beginning. A beginning of a spark. A spark that would light a candle. The dark, the evil, and the wrong of this world may win, but there inlies it's weakness. The people may cower, afraid, in the dark, at the heart of the evil's power, but one candle is enough to hold it at bay, to strike it down. The spark that my fellows and I will ignite, will light a candle. That candle, like a single light burning in a chuch, alone will be enough to show Germany's true self, the ways of the people; not the ways of the Nazi party, that so cloud the world's veiw of us. We are the candle. We are hope, the hope that war will end, that peace may come, that we will become the ally, against Germany, for Germany. Hitler's Germany must perish, that i cannot deny. To do wrong to induce right is not a wanton task, yet we take it up as our burnden, for we owe our lives to our contry and our God. We are Nationalists, not Nazis; We are Germans, not killers. God help us prevaile, we will need all the help you can give us. I can only hope that all those who believe in our cause will pray as we execute this horrendous act of righteousness. I believe in my Lord, and his commands say ‚thout Shalt Not Kill', but in order to preserve all that God's holy germany stands for I must break his command, and later repent, and rejoyce, if our goal is fulfilled. In Gods name, I pray. Do not let this murderer proceed through life one more day! I love Germany, my true Germany. The one that I fight so hard to keep alive. I must not fail. The fate of true Germany lies in my hand; in the fire power of the explosives that I will plant, set off, and lastly, to the best of my ability, to not get caught. I must try and I will keep trying till I succed or death takes me. God save Germany, God save us all. My Nina, my children, i did this for you, as much as for the rest of our true German brothers and sisters. Do not forget those who are trying to make our world a better place, our lives happier, our homes and streets safer, and our hearts, peaceful with a new sense of the world and of rightiousness. If I do not return from this mission, i have but one last thing to say. Es lebe das heilige(s?) Deutschland! If I am taken, these will be my last words. Long live our sacred Germany! In God's Holy Name, Claus Philipp Maria Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg ______________________________ German Words Oberst – Colonel Schenk Graf – having to do with being an aristocratict, a title - Count Mein Gott – My God Deutschland – Germany Vaterland – Fatherland Es lebe das heilige(s) Deutschland - Long live our holy Germany Wolfsschanz – the wolf's lair Führerbunker - shelter for the leader\" or \"the Führer's(leader / ruler) shelter Walküre - Valkyrie[Chapter 2] If you would like to read my story in German this is the link: (just remove the spaces, you all know the drill .net /s/4829118/1/ bDas_b_bTagebuch_b_bund_b_bdie_b_bNiederschriften_b_cont Translated wonderfully by Sam East! ","Summary":" A/N: Happy New Year ! I, being mostly of German decent, was deeply moved with the story of Claus. I"},{"Movie":"Tooth Fairy","Title":"Look what the cat dragged in?","Author":"Pickm","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10616361","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Derek, Tracy and Ziggy (Whom they brought along, Weird) Were going to get the next tooth On the way though, Derek got hungry! \"Man! I'm hungry!\" Said Derek, Angry \"Didn't you eat at home Derek! This is a important mission!\" Said Ziggy, Mad at Derek and his hunger \"Yeah! But! I'm still hungry!\" Said Derek, Whining \"Ok! Ok! We will stop somewhere!\" Tracy said, Ziggy screamed back! \"NO! NO! NO! I'M PISSED NOW! YOU HERE ME?!\" Ziggy was mad now! Derek, Meanwhile caught his eye on a place, The sign said: \"CHILLY DOGS\". Derek ran to door, and opened it! Tracy followed after, Ziggy was whining While Tracy dragged him in... Derek was running, It was a dark room with no lights \"Strange...\" Derek said, Noticing no lights \"Food places usually have lights...\" Derek felt something was wrong, I mean No lights?! Ziggy walked in, He noticed \"No lights\". Tracy noticed too! The lights turned on, Derek opened his eyes There, Stood a robot version of Derek's wife Carly I mean it looked just like her! The robot came, Unexceptionally \"Hello? Is that yo-\" Derek was interrupted by the robot say: \"Operation: Fatten Derek!\" Followed by three beeps Tracy and Ziggy posed to fight, While Derek said: \"I want five chilly do- No! 8! no 9! N-\" Followed by Ziggy saying: \"WILL YOU BE NOT LOUD! THIS IS TIME TO FIGHT A DUMB ROBOT!\" Screamed Ziggy, As the robot said: \"First Victim: Ziggy AKA stupid guy who shouts all the time!\" followed by \"Beep! Boop!\" Ziggy was pissed, A robot girl called him stupid! Ziggy went to punch the robot, The robot knew karate and punched Ziggy in the nuts! \"OH- FUUUUUUUUUU\" Screamed Ziggy, As the robot punched him three more times \"Ziggy defeated, Next target for plan: Tray-CEE\" \"Tracy?\" Said Tracy, \"I'm a expert at karate!\" The robot analyzed Tracy \"If he was lying\", But he was Robot easily, Punched him in balls and to the face Tracy had 2 scars and cuts, The robot broke his glasses in two! \"Victim 2 done!\" followed by \"Beep Boop\" \"Now for Dare-RICK\" Derek struck a fighting pose, He had power that a robot didn't compare he though \"He would win\" -TO BE CONTINUED-[Chapter 2] Derek was alone, No backups The robot (That looked like his wife was now staring) She and He spoke: \"Ready\" Said Derek \"Set...\" Said the robot \"GO!\" Said Derek, Derek punched the robot \"FUUUUUUUUUU-\" Derek screamed as the robot punched him 80 times in the balls -IN DEREK'S MIND- Man! I'm getting my butt kicked, Tracy and Ziggy are out cold! I got to learn ho- -OUT- Derek, While thinking got punched by the robot and was defeated The robot did a peace sign and said: \"*BEEP* ROBOTS, BETTER THEN HUMANS! *BEEP*\" Derek, Tracy and Ziggy were defeated, No thought about it! The robot, Scooped them up in a sack and brought them to a dark room -TO BE CONTINUED-[Chapter 3] Derek, Ziggy and Tracy woke up, In a dark room \"Huh? Where are we?\" Said Derek \"I don't know? Why are you asking me knuckle head!\" Said Ziggy, Angry at Derek's stupid question Suddenly, The robot was back! \"*BEEP* I hope your hungry *BEEP*\" Said the robot, Lifting a feeding tube Derek was scared, He didn't know what was going on! The feeding tube was suddenly in his mouth, Derek tried to call for help! But, Ziggy and Tracy were sleeping... Derek's stomach began to bloat, His pecks turned into boobs It was happening... He remembered how strong he was, And thought \"Will this be forever?\" Derek's body began to bloat, His butt was slightly bigger like his boobs Derek felt his chest become fat and blubber, His face was swelled up Derek felt his legs twist, The tube was taken out of his mouth followed by a: \"BURRRRRPPPP\" From Derek, He was sumo sized Derek tried to flee, But was too fat to run! Derek worried that Ziggy and Tracy would suffer the same fate... -TO BE CONTINUED-[Chapter 4] Derek, All bulked up sat down on the cold floor He thought in his mind, Looking at his man boobs: \"Boobs?\" Ziggy woke up, He yawned and said: \"Derek... Uh... What happened?\" Ziggy looked at Derek with shock and fear! \"Derek? What happened to you?\" Questioned Ziggy, Derek pointed his head towards the robot with the feeding tube full of chilly Ziggy was angry, Not for anything But... He was mad at the robot for doing that to his friend Even though he was dumb Ziggy charged at the robot, The robot Carly tripped Ziggy Ziggy landed on his back, Still angry He tried again to charged at Metal Carly... But It was no use... That robot beat the heck out of Ziggy, The robot picked up Ziggy and said: \"*BEEP* Torture mode activated *BEEP*\" Ziggy was in for the worst... -TO BE CONTINUED-[Chapter 5] Ziggy was held against the cold wall, He was scared \"Huh? Let me go you insane robot!\" Yelled Ziggy, He yelled again \"Do you hear-\" Just as Ziggy was about to finish his sentence, His mouth was filled with the chilly tube Ziggy was growing, The robot put it on over drive The gaining was fast, Only about 1 second! Ziggy was super sumo sized, He waddled towards robot trying to land a punch! Ziggy, Now Piggy Ziggy was flipped over by the robot to Derek \"BOOM\" They landed on each other, With a \"FART\" coming from Ziggy \"Oops...\" Sighed Ziggy, Sad at his toot... The two were mad! Really mad! The two tried to charge at the robot, Only to be knocked off! The robot looked towards Tracy, Who was sleeping... -TO BE CONTINUED-[Chapter 6] Tracy, Soon awoke to the sound of motors and metal sounds Tracy took a look at the robot, He thought \"it was familiar\" \"Hey Derek! Is this your wife?\" Tracy said, As He looked at Derek with a frown Derek was sumo sized, His pecks were now boobs Ziggy was now super sized too, But bigger The robot, Pulled out a tube filled with chilly and stuffed it into Tracy's mouth Tracy recognized the taste, He thought \"Chilly?\" Tracy's body began to bloat, Into a massive food balloon shape Tracy's body began to grow Boobs like the other two, Only... Bigger Tracy's body pushed him to the roof, Where he tried to not make the building break Little bits of stone and cement began falling, The two obese sumo men watched in horror Derek screamed \"He's gonna blow! We need to stop that robot!\" As the duo tried to bash the robot Only to be thrown off, The robot pulled the tube out \"It's over...\" Said the robot, Tracy was now a food balloon! Someone was watching them, The figure gave out a small chuckle watching them from a TV -TO BE CONTINUED-[Chapter 7] The obese duo sat on ground, angry at the robot They charged at the robot, The duo were so fat and sumo sized that the robot could not get up They tore off wires and destroyed the poor robot Until the robot was just scrap metal, The watcher was not pleased and was angry when they destroyed his robot A flying orb, Flied by the duo They were confused, But they thought \"they were saved\" But... They were not... The watcher revealed himself to the duo, He spoke \"Hello!\" \"I'm the dream crusher! I crush dreams!\" The duo were angry, But! When they tried to attack \"FLASH\" There was a shield around the sumos, The dream crusher laughed at the poor pathetic duo They were put into cages and were now hopeless Suddenly, The robot came back to life and took out 100 chilly dogs and stuffed Derek's mouth \"Feeding time boys!\" Said the dream crusher It was time for more food... -THE END- ","Summary":" Derek, Tracy and Ziggy (Whom they brought along, Weird) Were going to get the next tooth On the way"},{"Movie":"Valkyrie","Title":"When a Nazi is Reincarnated","Author":"blackpoppyseed","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8764804","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One An alarm went off. Metal doors slammed behind a young man who thought his name was Maksim. And he had five minutes to find something, anything worth for the taking. The hallways were dark, but to him they weren't dark enough. His deep eyes were used to searching in lightless places. His ears where used to the repetitive, ear piercing alarms and his heart was as used to the pounding as his hands were to sweaty palms. Life felt like nothing more than a game. It didn't have a meaning. Maksim didn't know who he was or where. He had nothing; He only knew what he had to do to survive. Sirens sounded from streets away. Four minutes remained as clocks on the walls ticked. Maksim grabbed whatever food lied on the shelves and shoved them into his bag. The siren grew louder. Heavy footsteps raced through the halls from where he had come from. Two police scurried to the front of the doors. Any minute now and they'd burst in. When they did, Maksim was nowhere in a wondering eyes sight. \"He's at it again,\" the head police mumbled. Their flashlights wouldn't help them now. Dawn approached when Maksim found himself farther away, sitting by a dumpster in an alley way. His shaky hands were picking at the things he had stolen. They wouldn't last him forever, but they'd be enough for now. He sat alone with a familiar city stray he named Oscar. He considered this broad, yellow eyed tabby cat his friend because he never had anything bad to say to him. Oscar would meow for food once in a while, or keep him a little warmer on cold nights. Maksim pet Oscar as his clear blue eyes darted around the brick walls surrounding him. He hated the thought he still had no idea where he was. He was homeless, he was alone, and he knew that. Yet he was free and in a way trapped all at the same time. Maksim shamefully came to realize he wasn't anything like the people around him. The feverishly people who darted from place to place carrying money and things he could never have. Everyone he saw had a destination. They had somewhere to be in a certain time at a certain place. Whether it was school, work, kids to tend to, something. Maksim once had a destination but right now he couldn't remember where. He certainly couldn't remember why. His lanky legs strolled around the city that day, observing things, searching for answers. He wanted to know what it meant to be here of all places. He wanted to know exactly what this world was made of. My past, where is it? Why is everything so unfamiliar to him? Something solid, almost unmovable stood in the way of blocking all his memories and everything he ever knew. From time to time he'd see newspapers flying around. A couple of times he'd pick them up, trying to read whatever were printed on the front cover. Mysterious disappearing thief on the loose said the words he could barely read. Dark clouds started to form in the sky so rapidly. People would start to vanish as they got to their homes or into buildings to hide from the skies tears. Maksim had an alley way he usually kept sheltered in. He started to feel heavy as he walked through the crowds to his usual spot. The clouds above him made such a dense pressure on his shoulders. His head started to pound and legs became wobbly. Colors and edges started to clash with one another as nothing anymore was making sense. That's when he noticed someone was following him, but whenever he turned he could only see a shadow. As soon as he got to his alley way, this shadow that followed him, about as broad and as tall, caught up. \"I keep seein' you kid, what you up too?\" the shadow sneered. He slammed Maksim into a wall in the dark alley way. Maksim didn't fight back. He remained frozen, trying to see the man's face. The man grabbed Maksim's bag away. \"I'll be taking this,\" he snarled. Maksim moved not even an inch when the man threw a punch at him. With every blow to the head, Maksim started to see again. He started to remember, so he couldn't fight back. He didn't want too. He simply wanted to see. \"Damn kid!\" the man shouted to him in slurs. A high pitched ringing sounded, and suddenly Maksim once again was not on earth. Maksim opened his eyes. Through them he saw nothing but grey. Ashes were falling to an everlasting cold, stale ground he stood on. The sweetest voice whispered to him, paining him. A cold hand with the weight of a feather gently touched his hard shoulder. With that he couldn't speak. And then the graceful smoke that made the ashes appeared, and the fuzzy edges of a dark building in dense fog away from him. Maksim's face grew hard and stiff as he stared into its never ending nothing. \"Remember your promise?\" the tender voice asked, and with that everything turned black. Next thing he knew, he could feel again. His back was lying on the cement ground in the alley way. Damn it. A woman shrieked as heavy rain fallen over Maksim's mangled body. Through her ingenuous eyes she must have thought he was dead. Amongst the falling rain sirens sounded again, but not the ones he was used too. The rain and sirens muffled together until he couldn't hear a thing again. He awoke on a bed with white sheets in a large room. His body was so sore he felt like he could barely move. \"You been asleep for a long time,\" a scratchy voice said. Maksim turned his head to a dark older man, sitting on another bed a ways away from him. \"What is this place?\" Maksim moaned. \"The shelter,\" the man huffed. He practically was wearing rags. \"Unless you have a home.\" \"No,\" Maksim replied hazily as he looked out the window. \"You look too young to be here,\" the old man noticed. \"Don't you have a family somewhere?\" Suddenly there came knocking at the door. Maksim looked up. It was the head police officer. The one he'd been running from since he appeared here. The police came striding in his sharp uniform. \"I see you've awoken,\" he said rather softly in spite of his sharp face. \"Yeah,\" Maksim nodded his head. \"Can you tell me a few things?\" the police asked, now standing across from Maksim holding a pen and paper. His eyes narrowed suspiciously at him. \"I'll tell you what I know,\" Maksim replied solemnly. \"Can you give me your name?\" the police asked. \"Maksim,\" he replied after hesitating. \"Last name?\" Maksim's eyes darted around, looking for something he could use as a last name. \"Salvation,\" Maksim said as his eyes rested on a Salvation Army poster on the grimy walls. \"Phone number, home adress,\" the police went on. \"I don't have one,\" Maksim sighed. \"Birthday?\" Maksim shrugged his shoulders. \"I'll look up your records Mr…Salvation?\" the police sighed, looking suspiciously at the poster. \"Looks like you're pretty out of it.\" Maksim rested his head back on his pillow. He looked a little harder at the policeman before he walked out the room. \"You hungry?\" the homeless man asked, stretching out his arms. \"Plenty of beans here, and soups. Showers are sometimes an option. I bet you need one. Looks like you've been through hell and back.\" Maksim closed his eyes. \"I've been to hell,\" he said softly. \"Hell, I'm still there,\" the man chuckled. Maksim opened his eyes again. He looked to the man, watching him intently as if gaping into his soul. \"You can judge me,\" the man mumbled. \"I've made the wrong choices, suppose that's how I've ended up here. \"As long as I ain't in prison.\" Maksim looked away from him. He closed his eyes again. \"I'll let you sleep\" the man said. \"But I want to know how you got here when you wake up.\"[Chapter 2] Maxsim awoke the next morning feeling irritated and sickly. Nothing felt right. Not sleeping, speaking, walking and even breathing as he wasn't used to it anymore. So many dreams manifested in his mind that night, but all he could truly remember was the color red. The hue was so bold and bright as he slept. The color remained so powerful. \"As I used to be...\" Maksim whispered alone in the room. The gloomy walls had him wanting to do nothing other than leave. He rose from the bed when the world had hit him like a ton of bricks. Thousands of them came falling from a never ending wall! Memories came crashing down along with them. His hands tightened as he cringed. He pursed his full, straight lips as tight as he could so he wouldn't yell as so many visions of the memories began. Visions of buildings came to him in so many places, with many things, so many words in languages he also knew. Then there came faces. Flashes of so dozens at a time. They wouldn't stop until there came one in particular of a girl. Her body was terribly thin. Her dark eyes were dead. \"No,\" he sighed, covering his face that had now completely lost it's glow. His shaky hands slowly slid up through his golden hair. His clear eyes stared intently out the window where rain poured from the dark skies. He threw on his worn boots and jacket. Then he left the facility without a soul noticing. He began into the rain. Thunder roared. Strikes of lightning flashed in the sky. The heavy clouds remained too dark for this time of day, if it was day at all. He had no idea the time, the month or even the year. This city remained empty during a strom so brutal as this. Very few people, in fact almost no one was outside but Maksim. The cold rain soaked into his clothes and to his skin. Drops of rain fell from his hair. His shoes where drenched as he truged threw the puddles where he would notice his face for the first time. The reflection that stared back at him now was just as he always remembered it to be; handsome and strong. A face he had always admired. Maybe he had been told he was so physically perfect for so many years he couldn't dare think otherwise. Even his cold eyes had never changed. In fact, they were colder now and twice as intimidating. He looked up from the puddle to see a girl. She was tall and thin. Long, dark hair flowed down from her hooded face. In an instant he was drawn to her. She continued to amble towards to him. The rain was still pouring, yet she walked so contently as if the sun where out. He admired that. He could feel her eyes almost touching him, looking into his soul. The closer she came the more familar she appeared in his mind. I've met you before , he said to himself as his eyes searched for hers. He could now see those pout lips visable beneath the shadow under her hood. It couldn't be , he thought as he at last saw a glimpse of eyes, eyes he swore he had last seen lifeless. \"You look alone,\" she finally said against the pouring rain. Maksim stood, staring, lost for words. \"Follow me,\" she said. He could tell in the tint sound of her voice she was intimidated. It took everything she had to speak a word to him. No thanks, I better be on my way to nowhere, he thought of saying. \"I think I know you,\" he blurted as he reluctantly follwed. With all the rain she didn't hear him. He bit his lip. He followed her not to much further away to a small apartment building. She took out her keys and opened the door, offering him inside. He entered into the dark home which smelled like fadded damp wood. Although you could still hear rain from the rooftops, it was quiet enough to hear their breaths in the stale air. \"I think I know you,\" she said, soft as a whisper. She pulled off her hood. It was still too dark to fully make out her face. \"I must look familar,\" Maksim said. \"Because you don't know me.\" \"No,\" she corrected him. \"I do know you. I can feel it when I know someone.\" Maksim stood very still while the air grew tense. His throat tightened. \"I've been watching you for the past few days,\" she admitted. \"I'm not usually shy. I wanted to say something, but I couldn't. Then I lost you, and I promised myself if I ever caught you walking around again I'd say something.\" \"Why?\" he asked. \"You're so strikingly familar it made me sick,\" she said, taking off her wet coat. \"I don't know many people here. I'm not from here. The chances of seeing someone I've met before are close to none. Why do you look so familar?\" Maksim watched her as she turned on a small light. The room, rather empty brightened. It was all white walls and hardwood floors. There wasn't much decoration or furnature, or anything showing who she was. I can't remember my name, so I call myself Maksim. I'm not sure why, but I'm sure there's a reason. I was born in the early 1900's. I became a man through becoming a Nazi. I killed many, many people in ways I do not wish to speak of. I died young, yet here I am, risin from hell and I'm trying to remember why but it's been taking me much too long. I don't belong here that's all I know for certain. My soul belongs in a hell, if you will. \"My name is Maksim Salvation,\" he said. What a strange name, she thought. \"My name is Natalya Lev,\" she replied. Her face was finally turned towards him. He could finally see her eyes, a dark grey, and pale face. Suddenly she no longer looked as familar as how he once perceived her. \"Where are you from?\" he asked. \"I was adopted, so I'm not sure where I come from,\" she replied. \"I've always had the name Natalya Lev, so I must be of Eastern Europe decent.\" \"You look it,\" he replied. \"You look like a Nazi,\" she blurted. A steady silence came between them. \"What year is it?\" he asked. \"2015,\" she replied. Maksim sighed. \"I'm sorry,\" she replied meekly. \"It makes no sense you give me that impression, but you do.\" \"Come sit,\" she said, going into the living room. \"I don't mind you being wet.\" \"I can't stay long,\" Maksim said as he strolled over to the small couch. \"Where else do you have to go?\" she asked. Maksim glanced up at her. \"I've seen you in the alley ways,\" she mentioned before she left the room. Maksim remained sitting, wondering. Why do I seem so familar to her? Where is this all going? I could have ended this all a long time ago. As a matter of fact, I could end it all now. No, but I can't. There's a reason why I'm here. She came back in the room holding a mug. \"Tea?\" she asked, handing him the warm drink. He took the mug and stared into it cautiously. \"Drink it,\" she insited. \"I need to leave,\" he said, setting the mug on the floor. \"Stay,\" she pleaded. \"No,\" he mumbled as he got up and headed towards the door. \"Maksim, wait,\" she said. \"I know who you are.\" Maksim looked back at her. His eyes brightened with curiosity. \"I know, I sware I do,\" she said as her heavy cheeks grew a bright red. \"I've seen you before. I know I have. A long, long time ago. If you would just stay maybe we can figure it out.\" \"You don't want to remember me,\" he said rather darkly. \"Of course I do,\" she replied. \"My heart, it, stopped the first time I saw you.\" Maksim reluctantly walked closer to her again. \"I rememeber a train,\" she said.[Chapter 3] It was 1944 Sitting in the big chair was SS Arnold, a bit plump and rather content in uniform. His bright eyes remained steady underneath perfectly shaped brows. Slathered on his face was a smirk. \"I recieved your letter,\" Maksim said, standing before him. \"I would like to assign something else.\" \"You'll take what I've given you,\" Arnold shot back. \"I'm afriad I have other plans,\" Maksim admitted. \"You've been putting your departures off for too long,\" Arnold grumbled. \"You've done all you can here. They need your help at the camps now.\" \"Since when did they put you in charge?\" Maksim asked. \"Himmler himself assigned me a higher posistion,\" Arnold replied. \"And whave you done all this time to deserve that?\" Maksim asked. \"What would you know about me, Maksim?\" Arnold snickered. \"I'd like to speak with the higher officials then,\" Maksim replied. \"As I won't be departing to the camps.\" \"Why? Are you too high ranked for that sort of labor?\" Arnold smirked. \"I think we all know the answer to that question,\" Maksim shot back as he left the room. A man in the same uniform stopped him in the hallways. \"Did you speak with Arnold?\" he asked. \"What do you want?\" Maksim questioned. \"You have been offered a number of positions, of course, being exceptionally good with the wepons you can't stay here,\" the man said. Maksim continued walking away from him. He left the large building and down the wide steps to the streets where people walked about rather gracefully. He continued walking down the stone road. Much time had passed until he came to a brick wall where he stood there for a while, staring at the haunting structure, knowing he had helped make this wall some time ago when he was even younger than he was now. Of course he couldn't help remembering how he assisted lining people up against it and shot a few. They aren't innocent he'd try to say to himself. If I didn't kill them, they would have been the death of me. Damn it wasn't true, he knew it, but he had to tell himself that to keep his mind clear and steady. He had to admit to himself one way or another how he truely felt. All along he had never truly believed in such things. Even when he started to go to a school where they'd teach him the death of any jew was acceptable. Killing, was good. The people he knew, his friends from childhood, the ones he went to school and played games with, had believed everything they were taught. He wanted to call them brainwashed. Everyone else wanted to call anyone who thought differently than them, suspicious. I was always suspicious, he thought. To even my mother, who encouraged me to believe in the Nazi ways. Now he suddenly he found himself on the otherside of the wall. A different set of eyes were staring at him now. Eyes not showing a high respect, but a pitiful, shameful look of pure disgust and hatred. The stoney streets were cracked up, buildings where broken down. Bodies rotted here and there, helping the smell of death reek even more than it already did. He noticed crows nipping at whatever fleash was left, though it was all skin and bones. He looked through the houses, monitoring all that was going on. Some houses were empty. Some held what was left of a family, scowering in a corner. A part of me wanted to help them! he thought. With the way I obeyed my orders and followed society, they would never know it. They could never know how I truly felt, as good of an actor as I am. Yet on most days he didn't feel a thing for them at the exact same time. It was odd. He continued to stare at the boney creatures,who all appeared so deathly and inhuman. Their souls were already far gone. Maksim took out his gun and shot them all in the head. He wasn't sure if he did it out of orders, or to take them out of their misery. Looking at them, no longer alive, gave him a sense of peace. They were no longer hungry, they were no longer in pain, they were no longer missing someone they had lost, and they were no longer fearing for their lives. No, they were no longer any of those, because their lives were already taken. He walked out of the building and into the next. He searched in each room, making sure not a soul had been there except her. He opened the door to where he expected her. A girl whose name was Irene, thin, but not nearly as thin as the others stood shaking, looking out the window. It was the only window around where you could oversee the city. Maksim came towards the girl and put his steady hand on her shoulder. \"They want to deport me to the camps,\" he murmered. Amongst all the prisoners, only Irene had known about the camps. \"Why do you keep returning to me?\" she asked, crosing her stick-like arms. \"I ask myself the same question most days,\" he admitted. \"Are you trying to disguss what will happen to me?\" she asked. \"Yes,\" he replied. \"Though it's plain and simple, I will die,\" she said. \"No, war will stop this,\" he said. \"This will all end sooner than you think. Many people have escaped and will survive. I know you can.\" Her eyes, so inocent, gapped into his. She was so dehydrated she couldn't cry. She didn't want to, either. She hated him, and at the same time, loved him with all that was left of her being. \"You're a coward,\" she said. \"Sometimes I feel I am,\" he admitted. \"How far would I get if I just admitted my feelings to my comrads? I wouldn't be here with you right now, don't you understand that?\" \"They've always been suspicious of me, but because of who I am, how admirable I am, my high rank has just drowned all suspicion.\" \"If anyone had found out I saved even ten jews, I would be gone.\" \"You can't save me,\" Irena muttered. \"I can, I promise. I'm already making my plans for when I leave,\" he said. In his voice he sounded almost delusional. \"I can order the same train to be brought here, we can leave to the same camp, where I'll find you and you may escape into a nearby woods, where you'll be out of watchful eyes.\" \"You promise?\" she asked, skeptically. \"I promise, Irene,\" he said, wrapping his warm harms around her thin body. A vision of how she used to look when they were young flashed threw his mind. Her body was heathy, her eyes were bright. Oh, she was so beautiful. She still is, even in these conditions. \"I'll do everything I can to save you,\" he whispered in her ear. His words were enough to realease a tear from once of her eyes. He reached in his pocket and pulled out a candy. He handed it to her. \"This is what I have for now,\" he said. \"I'll be back tonight with enough food and water to sustain you. If you can just hold on we might be able to escape.\" \"You're ridiculous,\" she whispered, taking the candy. \"I know,\" he said before he left the room. ","Summary":" Chapter One An alarm went off. Metal doors slammed behind a young man who thought his name was Maks"},{"Movie":"Tooth Fairy","Title":"1594","Author":"Faerendipitous","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8671205","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tracy bent over quietly, slipping his hand beneath the child's pillow and groping for the tooth. Had to be there somewhere, he thought irritably. This was his last assignment for the day, and then he could go home to Rae. He smiled softly at the thought. He had been a Tooth Fairy for a little more than a decade, and had quickly proved himself to be quite capable, despite what many had thought about wingless fairies in his line of work. He'd proved them wrong, though, and was now the leader of his collection team. Tracy frowned and found that he was elbow-deep in the pillow, searching for the tooth. His fingers brushed something, and he tugged, withdrawing his arm and taking with him a thin slip of paper. He stood straight, squinting down at it, trying to make out the dark graphite letters in the dim light of the child's bedroom. His lips traced the words as he read, \"Don't move… and you won't… be…\" His eyes widened and he spun around, seeing a figure in the dark, a small, younger woman, who froze with a fistful of salt, and he cried out, waking the boy – who ran from the room – and rushing towards the mother, who jerked back, throwing what was left of the salt in her hand directly at his face; the fairy reared back, throwing his hands up to shield his face and feeling his palms burn upon contact. He staggered back, contained by a circle of salt that extended far past the boy's bed, arcing around him, unbroken in any single place that he could use to escape. He turned back towards the mother, watching patiently as she raised another fistful of table salt, feeling relief wash through him at the discovery of what she was using. Common table salt wasn't all too dangerous. It could leave a nasty scar if left in contact with his skin too long, but it wasn't nearly as lethal as some other compounds. \"Hello,\"Tracy said gently, smiling down at the wide-eyed woman on the outside of the circle. \"I'm the Tooth Fairy.\" She didn't move from her spot, but raised a small black device to her lips. \"Subject appears to be upwards of six feet, humanoid male in appearance. Wingless, though he calls himself the Tooth Fairy,\" she whispered harshly. \"Not all fairies have wings,\" he explained, though he knew she hadn't been talking to him. Seemed to be taking notes, which he found a bit odd, but who could tell with humans? \"Speaks modern English.\" She noted. \"The time is three twenty two AM in Westport, Connecticut, and subject is contained in my son's bedroom by a ring of table salt, which seems to have enough of an effect on him.\" Tracy bent over slightly. \"Sorry?\" he asked. \"Sorry, could have sworn , just for a moment, that is sounded like I was being taken… captive? \" He was not met with an answer. \"Lady?\" The woman straightened, placing the small recording device back into her pants pocket. \"You will refer to me as Ma'am or Doctor Geter. When a containment squad arrives, you are not to put up a fight, or else they will be forced to take you by any means necessary. Do you understand?\" Tracy was horrified and enraged all at once, bringing himself up to his full height, shoulders pushed back. \"Sure, I understand . That doesn't mean I'm going to let any human take me anywhere . I just came for the tooth, ma'am . Since that doesn't seem to be on your agenda, I'll be on my way.\" Tracy willed himself to leave The Human Plane, feeling the magic inherently in his body give a jump start, snapping between the bedroom and the lobby of Fairy, but never making the connection. He fell backwards, heavily, onto the young boy's bed, light headed, losing track of himself for a few minutes as he tried to work out what had happened. He stood, supporting himself against the wall. It was the salt, it had to be. The ring was preventing any magic from entering or exiting the field, and this meant that he was unable to teleport, unable to go back to the safety of Fairy Land. Soon, a black gloved hand clamped over his mouth, pulling his head back forcefully, causing him to cry out in pain as he lost balance, toppling backwards. Immediately upon impact, he felt at least two more people throw themselves on top of him, and fear ripped through his chest as he struggled, trying to pull his limbs from the humans' grasps. He tugged and thrashed, trying to break free so that he could muscle past the circle, which inhibited his magic, and transport himself back to Fairy Land, back to safety and back to Rae. The gloved hand never budged, keeping him from crying out, impairing his breathing and his movements slowed. None of his attackers spoke a word, staying stock still as they restrained him. Eventually, his movements stopped all together, his head falling back and he whimpered, submitting. One brute shifted, and took something from his belt. There was s sharp pain in his side, the prick of a syringe. He tried to shift away from it, but all too late. The fear in his chest died, his mind clouded by whatever they'd injected him with – a common sedative, no doubt, he thought wearily. He let out another pitiful noise, a muffled plea for his wife, before the drug coursing through his veins blanketed him in a half sleep. He was aware, he felt them lift him from the small bed and carry him off. As he felt the night air, cold against the perspiration on his skin, he slipped under, one last pang of fear shooting though him before he lost consciousness. Tracy woke, lying flat on his back on the floor. His breathing came in ragged gasps, his cheeks wet and he pawed gently at his eyes, sitting up; everything was blurry, and he had to squint to see his surroundings. The room was small – five meters squared, though he had no way of telling. It was bare save for a cot that was set in the middle. The man staggered to his feet, going towards the nearest wall to brace himself against. He took two steps, hand outstretched to meet the wall and howled in pain, stumbling backwards and falling to the concrete floor with a hard thud. He stared blankly at his hand, watching the skin of his palm bubble and blister. He cursed loudly, closing his palm and seeing pops of light as the pain in his hand came to a crescendo. He couldn't see much of anything properly, but there was no mistaking the acrid burning smell of salt and iron. He moved away from the spot, squinting at it suspiciously. These people, whoever they were, knew too much about fairies, too much about how to subdue magic, for him to feel safe. He sniffled lightly, watching as someone entered the room, closing the thick cement door behind him. He simply stood there, staring down at the clipboard. Tracy wanted to approach the man, but had a dreading suspicion that he was encircled by that awful concoction that, given the right planning and execution, could kill a fairy with as little as one teaspoon. He silently prayed that whatever their intentions with him were, that they were ignorant of the various ways to sap the magic from his body. His heart raced at the thought as he called to the man. \"I have to go home. I don't… I don't belong here, I just… Please! I just want to go home, I want to go back to my wife— \" The man looked up. \"You're married?\" he asked, eyeing the fairy curiously. Tracy felt the anger boiling in his blood. \"Of course I am, what'd you think the ring—\" he stopped again, having reached down to cradle the silver band, only to feel bare skin. He stared blankly at the spot it had once been. He rounded on the man, shooting forward and feeling that same burning sensation course through his body before he moved backwards, into the protection of the circle. The man seemed unfazed, but took note of Tracy's little outburst. \"I'm sorry, but metal is not allowed inside containment cells. We've lost too many specimens that way.\" \"Please, mate. S'my wedding ring.\" He reasoned, but the man merely shook his head, dismissing notion. The captive fumed, feeling sick and sitting down on the cot, his head in his hands. \"I just want to go home,\" he said flatly. \"Haven't done anything wrong. I'm a Tooth Fairy, I was just doing my job. Haven't hurt anyone, have I?\" \"It's not that you've done anything wrong,\" the main said thoughtfully, scribbling something onto the clip board. \"No. But out knowledge of your species is severely lacking. Your kind doesn't belong with us, in out homes and around our children. Someone has to control you.\" He said and walked off, leaving Tracy alone again. The cold realization settled over him. This was why fairies thought humans were monsters. He was being held here because he was a fairy, because he wasn't human. He sunk down into the cot, feeling a hole gnawing at his chest. A small part of him refused to believe that this was happening. He looked around the room, hoping for something, anything that would be a means of escape. The walls, even if he had been able to reach them, were bare, the cinder blocks sealed tightly with mortar. Tracy was left to ponder how everything had turned so sour so quickly. Just yesterday, he'd kissed his wife goodbye as they parted ways at work – he'd told her that they'd be going out later, when he got home, but now there was little chance that he'd ever see her again.[Chapter 2] Rae woke with a start the next morning, the blanket slipping to the living room floor as she picked her head up from the arm of the couch. Rubbing the sleep from her eyes, she replaced the throw and made her way through the house, calling for her husband and checking each room. He wasn't home. She felt uncomfortable, alone in the house, without him. Things had gotten so much better since she started college, since they'd married, but she couldn't lie – there were still those terrifying pangs of loneliness when he wasn't around. She constantly worried for him; she knew that the humans he worked with could be dangerous if they didn't understand or if they didn't believe. She picked up the phone and dialled his cellular. It didn't even try to connect them, but sent her straight to the machine. His battery had probably died, she remembered that he'd complained about having to charge it before they went to bed two nights ago. If he'd never come home, he hadn't gotten that chance. The beep snapped her out of her reverie, and she stuttered for a moment before speaking into the receiver. \"Hi, babe. Listen, can you just… stop by my desk when you get the chance, when you get back to Fairy? I missed you last night. Love you,\" she said softly, and hung up, feeling uncertain. There was the chance that he might not get the message, sure, but trying was better than nothing. She dressed, hearing the alarm go off in their bedroom, and readied for work The morning at Fairy was quiet and calm, though Rae's heart thundered against her ribs, fear ripping through her every few moments, when a new thought struck her. Her hands trembled as she hit the keys of the typewriter or moved to place a paper in a file. She was constantly fidgeting, unable to contain her nervousness. Her eyes darted back and forth between her work and the entrance to the offices, waiting for him to come through the double doors and for the pounding in her chest to cease. Other fairies talked to her while she waited, and she tried to seem interested, but they all drifted out of conversation after a while, clearly seeing that there was something else on her mind, not wanting to burden her with trivial stories about the last company party. One or two asked her what was wrong, but she merely shook her head and muttered to herself, \"Nothing, he'll be here soon, nothing's wrong.\" Still, she couldn't shake that awful feeling that he wouldn't be there soon. She couldn't help but feel as if something was terribly wrong. She sat back from the typewriter for a moment, trying to compose herself. Her fingers found her wedding ring, and she began twisting it around her ring finger, feeling the cool, smooth metal heat up with friction against her skin. The ring was a wonderful reminder that he was always closer than she thought, that she always had a part of him, and that they were forever connected. The thought evened her breathing out and she resumed her work, compelled to look up every few minutes in her anticipation. She didn't dare look at the wall clock mounted behind her, for fear of one of two things. She was certain that if she looked, either so little time will have passed, and she had the rest of the morning to anxiously await her husband, or time had flown out the window, taking the chances of him meeting her with it. Someone tapped her on the shoulder, and she leapt from her chair, spinning around to face a very startled Veronica, who was holding two coffee cups. She saw Rae's expression, frightened and bewildered, and she held one of the cups out. \"Just thought you'd like one. You seem in a bit of a haze.\" The woman said, her soft pink wings fluttering in concern. Rae took it numbly, her eyes travelling to that cursed spot on the wall, the dread blossoming in her chest the moment she did. It was a quarter to two in the afternoon. She set it on her desk, eyes never leaving the clock and her stomach turning sour. Her body stopped – everything stopped. Veronica was talking to her, but it barely registered. She moved slowly from her desk, towards the doors that led from the office complex. He hadn''t come home last night, he hadn't picked up his phone, he hadn't met her at the office; fear crept through her, and she pushed her way through the dense crowd of fairies in the lobby, looking for one in particular. Not Tracy; no. She knew she wouldn't find him here. She sought Diana, hoping that she would know where her brother was. If anyone knew it was Diana – they were thick as thieves, him and his sisters – and Rae hoped that he'd at least told someone where he was going before he left. She refused to let herself entertain the idea that he hadn't planned this, that he was hurt somewhere or unable to return home. She pushed the thoughts from her mind as she pushed through the crowds, looking for the familiar yellow tutu and silvery-white wings. She spotted Rae first, pulling her from the crowd in hopes of asking one very important question. Once they were off to the side, free of the swarms of fairies going obliviously about their day, she looked down at Rae. \"Have you heard from Tracy? I tried calling him last night, do you know where he is?\" she asked. The human woman was speechless, her mouth opening and closing as she tried to form words, her head shaking slightly and her eyes wide, shock and fear and grief evident in her features. Her sister-in-law took quickly to this, realizing that her brother was missing, even from his wife, and she regretted asking. She knew Rae's attachment to Tracy was strong, and he'd told her some years ago what catastrophic separation could do. Her mind raced as Rae began bubbling out her testimony, how he hadn't come home last night, and everything up to that point that had her so thoroughly convinced that something had happened to him. The fairy was concerned as well. This wasn't like her brother, to break schedules and to miss work. For Mab's sake, he tried coming to work the week he broke his shoulder when they were younger. Diana hushed her, placing a dainty hand at either side of her face and looking her square in the eyes. \"Tracy's okay. He's okay. Look,\" she said, bringing Rae's hand down between them. The fairy gently rubbed a finger across the silver of her wedding band. \"It's fine. He's fine.\" She took her sister-in-law's hands and led her from the desk, knowing there was only one way to settle this. Dispatch would be able to confirm for her that Tracy had checked in last night, had clocked his time and gone home, had come in early that morning before she'd gotten up, and that everything was fine. It wasn't that long of a walk to Dispatch. It was a separate office just in the lobby, and she stood with Rae in tow, asking about her little brother, and the fairy behind the desk checked her records. Rae shuffled uncomfortably, twisting the ring around her finger as the fairy searched through the files, checking to see when Tracy had clocked in. She frowned when she came to the end of the files and checked again. The human girl swallowed thickly, her nervous fidgeting accidentally twisting the ring from her finger. She looked down momentarily to replace it and froze. Her heart sank and she couldn't find her voice for a moment, barely registering as the woman behind the desk said she couldn't findTracy's report in the files, that she'd go check in the back. \"Diana,\" Rae breathed, her voice wavering. \"Diana, look .\" The fairy turned around to see the woman staring down at the wedding band, her fingers trembling as she cradled it protectively. Diana watched in horror as a thin layer of tarnish spread like a wildfire across the perfect surface of the silver, turning it a murky brown. Her breathing became shallow and shaky, and Diana led her to have a seat on a step stool that one fairy behind the desk offered. She pressed her lips together, a frown settled on her face. Something was definitely wrong; Tracy was in trouble, but she comforted the shaken woman by telling her that he wasn't hurt . It was only tarnish, it just meant he was in trouble, they could help him. Rae felt tears stinging at her eyes – she didn't even know where he was, and for how long would he be safe? How long did they have before the tarnish turned black, until the chances of him coming home were gone for good? Diana knelt down and wiped the tears from her face. \"Come on, luv,\" she said, and the inflection of her voice made her cringe. \"Come on, we'll find him. No worries. Up you get. We're taking you to Lily's office, we'll get all this sorted out. We'll find him,\" she said again, and this time Rae could hear the tone of worry in her voice, the obvious notion that she was trying to convince herself came to mind, and Rae's breath hiccuped again. Fairies passed by in a pastel blur as Diana led her to Lily's office; the older woman was obviously surprised to see the two enter unannounced, even more so to see the state that Rae was in. There was very little, the Fairy Godmother knew, that could put the human woman in such a state. In fact, she'd only seen her like this once – years and years ago, when she was a much younger girl, when Tracy had brought her to Fairy Land, breaking every conceivable rule in the process, and had lost his wings. This struck a certain chord of nervousness in her – for Rae to be so despondent and scared, something had to be terribly wrong. Diana, in less of a state, took Lily to the side and explained the situation. No one knew where he was, no one knew what had become of him, but the ring, the eternal connection between him and his wife, his other half, knew that something had happened to him. Rae stood there, stunned, and turned to the two women. \"His last assignment,\" she said, quietly. The gears in her head had begun to spin. It was just as she'd been taught as a child: if you were to lose something, you had to retrace your steps in order to find it. The conversation stopped. \"Pardon, luv?\" Diana asked. Her voice came out with more conviction this time. \"His last assignment. What was his last assignment?\" she became inexplicably angry – not at either of the women in the room with her, but at her own race. He'd been on assignment on The Human Plane. Someone, a human , was responsible for her husband's disappearance. Lily tried to recall. \"A home in Westport,\" she said lightly. \"A young boy had lost a tooth. Second one this month. But how will that help us?\" she asked. \"No doubt Tracy's been removed from the residential area, if they found him in the house.\" Rae took the wand from her belt. She rarely used it for the fact that she was still very inexperienced with wielding magic. She could perform simple spells, but preferred the Magic-Generator button over the traditional wands. This did not matter, though. She had one thing in mind when she waved the wand, to the surprised exclamation of the two other women in the room – she was going home, back to The Human Plane. Back to Mesa. It was as good as a place as any to start. She knew she needed to be in Westport, Connecticut, but the key to magical transportation was having the ability to visualize your destination. She knew what her home in Mesa looked like, having lived there most of her life. From there, she would make her journey to Westport and find her husband. She tucked the wand back into her belt, securing it and making sure that no one had seen her spontaneously appear in their back yard. She knocked on the door. It was her mother to answer the door, bewildered to see her youngest daughter there, the pure emotion in her eyes a terrifying sign that something was wrong. Her first thought was that Tracy had done something to her. It was what she'd been afraid of ever since Rae had told them that she was living with him in the college dorm. As the years had passed, her suspicion that he was going to hurt her somehow had dwindled into non-existence, but now, as she ushered her distraught daughter into the house, all those fears came to a head once again. Rae twisted the tarnished ring around her finger, turning to her mother. \"I need to get to Westport, Connecticut.\" Was the first thing out of her mouth.[Chapter 3] Tracy panted, trying to catch his breath, locking his jaw and refusing to speak, to ask them to stop. He'd resolved months ago that he would give them the satisfaction of neither his cooperation nor his pleas. He wanted to tell them to stop, that he was just about ready to pass out from the strong smell of the flower – something that didn't seem to have any effect on the humans, though it was making him so dizzy that he'd had to sit down on the cot, and was still ready to faint. He could barely hear the other men in the room. He blinked rapidly, trying to clear his vision, which had become murky. \"Ease off, John, it's reacting pretty strongly to the primrose.\" \"That's the fifth one from that family, think there's a correlation?\" There was a snap of a container and Tracy's head began to clear. He rubbed wearily at his eyes and tried to make out the two blurry figures in front of him. Not having his glasses was bad enough – he'd been told by one of the staff that he'd be given a replacement pair soon, but nothing yet – but the added murkiness his vision had suddenly adopted had rendered him almost blind. He muttered to himself as the two men made to leave the room. One paused, and turned back to him. \"SCP-1594, we're going to leave you alone for a bit, let you 'recover,' before we continue with the evaluation tests. Expect us back in an hour.\" Tracy breathed a sigh of relief when the door finally closed behind the two men, leaving him on his own. In the last few weeks, he'd been subjected to all different kinds of organic materials – flowers and herbs and grasses of all sorts, most of which smelled rather nice, or otherwise didn't have any effect on him. But a few that the men had brought with them did have an effect on him, and a rather strong one at that. It would be another twenty minutes before his vision returned to him and his head cleared. He was terrified, but he wouldn't let them know that. He'd learned that showing fear meant that they became brazen, that they knew they could control him. He sat up straight and looked directly at them when they came back, something he figured would show them that he was aware and ready for whatever they had to throw at him, though this was far from the truth. They remained true to their word and reentered his cell approximately an hour later, after Tracy's systems had calmed and he was able to think clearly again. He knew this wasn't going to be a pleasant run; the moment they wheeled their supply cart in through the heavy concrete door, the atmosphere in the room because unbearably heavy, bogging him down and he groaned in annoyance, hauling himself to his feet from the cot. \"Relax, 1594. Turns out we're done for today. These aren't for you, anyway. We brought you something!\" he said, pulling from his coat pocket, a pair of plastic-framed glasses, not unlike his own, the ones that had been taken from him upon admittance to the facility. He took them gratefully, regardless of the fact that his glasses had been unjustly confiscated. Frankly, he was just happy to be able to see again. The prescription wasn't exactly the same – or maybe it was just because he'd gone so long without them – but they corrected his vision, and he could see properly for the first time in half a year. \"And, there's been a few books added to your approved reading list. We couldn't bring much over, not with SCP-213 waiting, but we managed to snag a Nat Geo in the mean time.\" The younger man said, and reached over the circle to hand it to Tracy, but the fairy was well aware that going near the perimeter of the confinement circle so quickly after recovery would only make him feel worse. He simply stared blankly at the harsh yellow cover. The second man urged his colleague to 'hurry up and just give it the damn book,' and so it was dropped into the circle, a few inches forward from where the man extended it to him. He tossed the thick magazine into the circle, and it fell to the ground with heavy smack. Tracy could feel the wind it produced whip gently at his ankles. He looked dismally down at it, noticing that it was a National Geographic book, the front cover glorifying a story on some type of bacteria that had been found on another planet, proving extra terrestrial life existed, page ninety-eight. He was uninterested, and merely looked up from the book as the personnel left the room, the heavy concrete door swinging shut behind him. Tracy sighed as the man left, his eyes travelling downward, back towards the book, and he slid from the cot, stooping to pick it up. He paused, his fingers brushing the cover of the book, his gaze locked on the floor directly in front of him. The salt mixture was scattered in one part of the circle, the grains having been blown outward by small gust of wind caused by the book hitting the floor. His heart leapt into his throat as he scooped the paper magazine up, looking at the door, which remained closed. He didn't move for several second, eyes scanning the room to make sure he hadn't missed something, to make sure he wasn't being monitored before he edged closer to the ring of salt and began using the edge of the book to scrape it to the side, making a break in the containment ring just big enough for him to step though. The men and women who worked in this concrete hell weren't very social individuals, at least not with him. He doubted there would be another visit today, and the moment the hallway outside was clear, he'd be able to make a run for it. Tracy waited for hours, heart racing in his chest at the thought of an escape attempt, before he muscled past the weakened line of salts. When he stepped fully clear of the ring, he felt more relieved than he could ever remember, but this was quickly replaced with a heavy dread, as he realized that he wasn't clear of the woods yet. He still had an entire subterranean facility to navigate, without getting caught. He moved to the wall, feeling the cool steel beneath his fingers and he turned the handle ever-so quietly. Being a Tooth Fairy had its perks, the learned stealth involved in the job. He opened the door a crack and peeked out, seeing a dark and empty hallway that was lined with cells just like his, nothing but heavy concrete doors visible from the outside. He slipped out, standing dumbly in the middle of the hall for a moment before terror seized him. He couldn't very well go parading around, waving to anyone he saw. He drew all of his concentration into one thought, a visual of the man he'd talked to upon his arrival in the facility, Dr. Jardon; that was the bloke's name. He felt a shift in the air around him, knowing it had worked, the thin layer of magic in the air redirected to bend the light around him, to shift his appearance and to confuse and trick anyone he'd see on his way out. He felt an odd weight in his chest, the effects of maintaining such a trick. It'd be allright though, as long as he kept his concentration. Tracy walked through the halls, feeling a little more confident about his escape attempt, reminding himself to keep his mouth shut. Jardon's voice was much deeper than his own, and such a trait did not carry. He walked quickly, noticing the clocks mounted at odd intervals on the walls – he'd waited much longer than he'd thought to begin his escape. Soon, officials would begin filing back into the containment building. Undoubtedly, one would be looking for him. Or worse, he could come face to face with Jardon himself, and then all hell would break loose in the hallways, that was for sure. His footsteps picked up as he pushed past the double doors leading from the containment building into a long strip of hallway that connected two building complexes. He'd seen buildings much like this, above ground. Then, the hallway had been suspended between two free-standing buildings, the walls and ceiling made of glass so that one could peer out the oversized windows and gaze down at the world below. He wished that's how it was, he wished he was able to look out a window and see the world below – even if it wasn't his world, it was still a reminder that he was a step closer to freedom. He pushed violently through the second set of double doors, emerging into the workspace of the scientists who devoted their lives to this hell. It was bustling, not unlike Fairy, and this gave him pause. He had not anticipated so many people, each individual representing a chance for his plans to go horribly wrong. He shuffled along with the crowd, keeping to himself and making it seem as if he were just looking for someone, when in fact he was looking for a way out. He wondered if any of these people ever left the complex. Surly something this large, this far underground, had to have a dormitory; no sane organization would expect their employees to make such a commute every morning. He nearly scoffed out loud at the though. These people certainly weren't part of a sane organization. Maybe they did commute every morning. \"Jardon!\" he heard, and he cringed. A young man was making his way across the crowd towards him, a warm smile on his face. At least he didn't suspect anything was amiss. The man thanked him for meeting him there, though Tracy – Jardon – merely nodded and grunted, adjusting his voice to seem somewhat convincing, as the man in a white lab coat guided him through the thick of people, to a small cafeteria set off from the lobby. He imagined that this was where some in this wing came for a lunch break or coffee, as they were doing, since it was far too small to accommodate more than fifty or seventy five people or so. Tracy sat dutifully across from the man, who was going on about SCP-312 – atmospheric jellyfish, from the sounds of it – though he wasn't truly listening. The majority of his concentration was being spent on keeping his disguise in working order. He kept his voice low and deep, mumbling something about the coffee being too hot, when in reality he could have used caffeine more than anything at the moment. He was smarter than that, though, and knew that any spike in energy would effect the disillusionment field around him, effectively ruining his guise. \"Jardon – are you listening?\" the man asked, and Tracy snapped his attention back to the conversation. \"O'course,\" he said, his voice wavering slightly from the lower pitch he'd been using, his accent peeking through as he tried to correct himself. This earned an odd look from the scientist, who opened his mouth to say something, but was interrupted by a siren that screeched over the intercoms throughout the building. Though Tracy was relieved that the man had been distracted from his unusual behavior – rising from the table with a fearful exclamation of \"Jesus Christ !\" – this relief was short lived. Turning around in his chair, he saw several security guards rushing into the lobby, with an assortment of weaponry. He checked the clock on the wall nearby – nine in the morning, which meant routine cell checks had begun. His heart sank. They knew. He came out of his daze when the man hit him lightly on the shoulder, shouting over the sirens. \"Come on, Jardon ,don't just sit there, for God's sake, there's an Euclid-\" he man stopped, looking down into Tracy's – Jardon's – face, stunned for a moment before stumbling backwards, swearing loudly. He wasted no time, hearing the man's cries from behind him, \"It's Jardon, whatever it is, it looks like Jardon!\" as he ran, shoving through the crowd of stunned officials, his heart racing in his chest, making a frantic bid to escape, just as he was. He made it out of the small cafeteria and zipped around the divider wall that sectioned it off, pushing against the crowd, his sights set on one doorway at the end of the lobby. He felt bad that he was knocking so many people out of the way, innocent passerby who had hardly even woken up so early in the morning, but he reminded himself that they were all part of the reason he was here, all involved with the foundation, all dangerous, and he just kept going. There was a stinging pain in his gut. He'd run straight towards one of the security officers who had been unarmed at the moment, who had thought quickly and grabbed the first thing available – an iron skillet from the cafeteria kitchen – and jumped the divider wall, already ahead of Tracy by the time he'd made it around, out of the small eatery. Tracy doubled over, the pan held firmly to his midsection, and he gasped for breath. He could feel the touch of the iron burn him though his clothes, and his muscles seized; he had a hard time breathing as the officer stood over him, turned him over, keeping the pan beneath him and pinned his arms behind his back, pushing his face into the rough carpet as he slowly suffocated. His heart raced in his chest, the lack of oxygen and rush of adrenaline making him start to black out, and he fought to keep consciousness. There was a swarm of personnel around him as his vision went black, the pan being retched from underneath him as he passed out. A man watched from off to the side, seeing the creature hauled limply through the lobby, back to his containment cell. It was a shock, to see the guise of a colleague disappear before his eyes, replaced by the fairy's lanky frame, his pallor cheeks and the dark circles underneath his eyes. That was SCP-1594? The man was more than a little surprised. To meet it on the streets, he wouldn't have known it from any normal man. He supposed that's why it was an Euclid. But still, seeing an entire security team conspire to bring down something that looked so human … Something squirmed uncomfortably inside of him when he thought of the look of fear that had occupied the man's – the fairy's expression for the few seconds before it was brought to the ground, incapacitated and unable to breathe. It struck a nerve with him, and he resolved to meet with SCP-1594 later, once they'd cleared the cell for visitation again. Given the level of the security breech, the fact that the fairy had almost made it to Security Ring Beta, this wouldn't be for some time. Tracy woke up some hours later, feeling sick and weak, face down on the stark white concrete floor of his cell. His stomach hurt beyond belief, and he was sure it would be weeks before the skin healed, even despite the protection of his clothes. He rolled onto his side, moaning at the pain. His limbs shook as he tried to haul himself up onto the cot, which had been bolted into the floor, the blanket removed, as well as the magazine. He fell back heavily into the curve of the cot, gingerly lifting his shirt to examine the injury, which had left a wide mark resembling an old burn, a welt that covered most of his stomach, and which would remain for the rest of his life. He groaned heavily, tipping his head back and closing his eyes.[Chapter 4] She collapsed onto the bed, cold and slightly damp smelling. She'd travelled the state of Nevada, city by city, looking for an affirmation of Site-17. She was worn, physically and mentally, and she didn't know what to do. She'd been searching for nearly seven months, usually spending a week in each city, researching and planning and hoping to find more information on her husband's whereabouts; this was her thirty-fifth city – for a state that was comprised of so much desert, she couldn't believe it was taking this long. She had to be stronger than this, she thought bitterly as she wiped the tears from her cheeks. She had to stop her tears and just keep out there somewhere, and she needed to find him. She needed him. Rae had been given a job transfer the moment she took off to find him. Diana had called her cellular not long after she made it to The Human Plane, telling her that Lily put her on as a Special Operations fairy, to keep her job and fund her search. Rae had been astounded at Lily's decision. Special Operations fairies were well trained specialists who often shared skills learned by a human S.W.A.T. team. For her to so willingly put Rae on the official search-and-rescue, case, to lend her a helping hand was Lily's way of saying that she had faith in Rae's ability to help her husband escape her own people. In truth, that is what gave her the most confidence, was knowing that these were her people. She grew up and spent most of her life on The Human Plane. She knew how they acted, how they worked – despite her marriage, the connection forged through it, her aging process slowed, she was still human. She was one of them. She sniffled slightly, playing the thought over and over in her head. She was one of them. She was one of them, who had taken her husband in the dark, who had torn him from everything he knew, and who held him against his will, who was doing God-knows-what to him day after day. She was one of them. It was not something she was proud of. She stretched herself out, settling down into the bed. She was to leave tomorrow, to go to the next city, a remote town in the middle of the desert, and she needed her sleep. She hadn't had a proper sleep in days, and only then because she'd been so overwhelmed by exhaustion. The bed was cold, it always was without him next to her. She missed him so much. She missed his warmth, his weight beside her, his quiet half-asleep muttering. She missed being able to reach over and grab his hand or place a kiss to his forehead or be kissed herself. She missed being able to snuggle into his chest and have him wrap his arms reflexively around her; she missed being able to know that he was beside her, safe and sound. She missed him . She ripped her thoughts away from Tracy, knowing that she was only going to hurt herself further by thinking of him. She'd have plenty of time to think about him when they were both safe, back home. Once she was settled, as comfortable as she could be without him, she closed her eyes, drifting off into a fitful sleep.[Chapter 5] The man walked right in, avoiding the fine line of mixed salt. No employee was to tamper with the containment circle, after the specimen's little trick last week. The fairy tensed as the man approached him, bracing himself to have to fight, eyeing the work apparel, keeping an eye on his hands. The man seemed to keep the same attitude towards Tracy, but leaned casually against the wall. \"How long have you been here?\" he didn't give an answer. The worker looked at him for a moment, pulling absently at his collar. \"Fair enough. No real reason to want to talk to me. They told me how you stopped talking, anyway. Don't know what I expected.\" He chuckled, reaching into his pants pocket. The fairy flinched, staggering back, hyperaware. \"I'm not gonna hurt you, buddy. Just thought you'd like this back,\" he said, spreading his palm for the fairy to see. He looked between the man's face and his outstretched hand, and the silver wedding band sitting in his palm. Craig moved forward for him, and he took it hastily, slipping it back on and cradling it protectively, looking up, wide eyed at his visitor, who was watching interestedly. \"You married?\" he asked, and Tracy nodded gently. The man was surprised to receive this little bit of confirmation. \"Sorry to hear that.\" He said finally, \"Your wife's probably worried sick.\" That was the last thing that Tracy needed to hear. He collapsed into the cot again, shaking. Rae had been the only thing on his mind for the last few weeks. He didn't want to think about how worried she was, but the little bit of broken sleep that he got was filled with thoughts and dreams of her, sitting up dutifully as she did when he worked a particularly late shift. The only difference was that this time, he wasn't coming home. \"Listen,\" the man said suddenly, startling Tracy out of his thoughts, thankfully. \"Do you want me to… contact her, somehow? You can tell me, how to get in touch with her? Tell her you're not… hurt, or anything. A phone number? Address?\" He looked up suddenly, snarling at the man. He might not have been human, but that didn't make him stupid . Damned if this man thought he was going to get any where near his wife. His expression hardened as he stood. \"Thanks for the ring mate, but you can leave now,\" he hissed, towering over the man, who raised his palms in a sign of surrender, his expression one of wild shock. \"Okay!\" he agreed. 'Okay. Listen, I didn't mean anything by it. I'll go now, but uh…\" he held a hand out for him to take; the fairy didn't move. \"I'm Craig,\" the worker offered, taking his hand back and turning to leave. When he'd reached the outer arc of mixed-salt perimeter, the captive spoke up. \"Tracy,\" he said, watching the man as he nodded in acknowledgement, walking off. Craig had never felt sympathy for any of the creatures at the facility before. For the most part, they were monsters, demons from other dimensions that had leaked into the humans' world, who did not know that they did not belong there – many of them were not even sentient, self aware. But this man was. This man . SCP-1594 was a man. Not simply humanoid in appearance, as his file stated. This man had a wife and family, possibly kids, on another plane of existence, and they had effectively abducted him, no reason other than he was different, even though he claimed to be a Tooth Fairy, a part of society that was never second-guessed for the sake of the children, and here he was . It was a dismal thought, how everything had turned sour for this man, who was only doing his job. Walking down the cell hall, back to the main lobby, Craig made a decision: he'd help SCP-1594 – Tracy . He'd help Tracy however he could, whether that meant protecting him from some of the more unconcerned scientists, the young, arrogant kids just out of Grad school, or simply being a friendly face, someone who didn't treat him like an animal or an object. The man's cellular rang, and he fished it out of his pocket, traversing the long underground hallway between the two buildings. \"Yeah,\" he spoke loudly, being the only one in the hall. The voice that came over the other end was that of his superior, Jessica Biggs. She wanted him to come back to the main lobby, first floor, and take care of some applications for a new recruit who said she had experience in the brand of magic SPC-1594 operated on. The girl had a major in chemistry and a minor in business, fresh out of college, so they thought she could be a useful addition to the 1594 team. He scoffed when he hung up the phone, only half way down the hall with his new instructions. Useful. He was sure she'd be as useful as the trans-dimensional generator they'd found last year. All it did was split reality, and no one needed that. There'd been plenty of incidents already with split reality. But he went dutifully to the upper lobby to meet this girl – must have been patient as a saint, because it took him nearly a half an hour to get up there from the subterranean cells, and when he did, he was not ashamed to say that he was less than enthralled with how the day had gone so far. This girl was being put onto Tracy's file? Fine by him, but she'd have to be spectacular. He sat down at the desk, in front of the girl with short brown hair who was absently gazing at a photo on the wall; it was a very well known photo, though those who knew it – a picture of five or six hunters holding up a bat the size of a small man – did not know that the men in the picture were all agents of SCP. She redirected her attention to him when he sat in front of her; he extended his hand and she completed the gesture, shaking warmly. \"Good afternoon. I'm Craig Rundy. You are?\" She looked at him, wide eyed as the corners of her lips turned up slightly. \"I'm Rae.\"[Chapter 6] Tracy lie awake at night, often, too worried to get the proper night's sleep that his body so desperately needed. He'd get broken segments of sleep, sure, but it was never enough by the morning to say that he had truly rested. It was a terrible thing, really, because the tests persisted. If anything, they became more intense as time passed. They were slowly adjusting him to the brutal ways of the facility, and he could feel his humanity slipping away with every test, every scalpel taken to his skin, every element he was exposed to, every vial of blood taken from him. He was worn out, and they weren't going to stop until they wore him out completely, until they used every last bit of him they could. He wondered if they'd ever stop; he wondered when they would say 'we have enough' and leave him in peace, to remain as part of their vast collection, a zoo animal. He wondered if anyone even knew all these creatures were down here, or if there were any magical beings thought to be extinct. So many magical creatures were on the verge of extinction – did they have any here, locked away to be picked apart whenever they felt like it? Did they know that the creatures they held could help rebuild a species? Did they care ? No, he thought dismally. They didn't care. He hadn't quite figured out the motives of this monstrous organization, but if they were truly fascinated by the magical world, they would have taken measures to help it – studying it was all fine and well, but what use was the knowledge when all they were going to do was keep the creatures locked away in concrete cages? He wondered what would become of him . He didn't have a doubt that the foundation's plans for him were to keep him here, to 'research' him until the day he died, but those were hardly his aspirations. He berated himself constantly for making such a dumb mistake with his escape plan last month. Everything could have gone so smoothly – he could have been home by now if he hadn't let that man stop him to chat about jellyfish . He could have been home with Rae, he could have hushed her worry and held her again, but he'd let himself get careened away from his goal. His thoughts drifted away from his mistakes and to his wife. He looked longingly at the ring, his hand splayed out before him as he lay on the cot. He hoped she was okay. He knew she was okay. The fact that his ring remained bright silver told him so. She wasn't in any danger, but even with this reassurance, he couldn't help wonder if she was thinking about him. Was she worried about him? Of course she was, he thought bitterly to himself. Of course she was. He wondered who else knew he was missing. No doubt he'd been missed at work. You don't just not show up for seven months and it go unnoticed. He heaved a sigh, twisting the ring off of his finger to see the engraving on the inside. It was in Old Fairy; it read 'Love Endures All Things.' Rae was living proof of this, the three years where she didn't even remember who he was , and they were still alright in the end. They always were, and that's what kept him hoping. She closed her eyes. It'd been more than a half a year since she'd started her solo search, unable to contact authorities to help look for him. What would she have told them? \"My husband's six-nine, blonde, and a fairy .\" Somehow she didn't see that going over so well at the station. So she'd set off on her own, armed with sheer determination and a slip of paper given to her by the woman who lived at the address of Tracy's last assignment. When she'd rung the doorbell, a young mother was the last thing she'd expected. She looked tired and her children were a little more than shy, and the way that they hid behind their mother when she asked the woman where she needed to report for a job transfer, working on the Tooth Fairy Project, told her that this was where Tracy had been taken from. It hurt to see the children so terrified at the mere mention of her husband. He would never hurt them, but they'd been conditioned in the last few weeks to think that they'd had a near-death experience at the hands of a fairy who had sneaked into their bedroom. This was not how a generation of belief was perpetuated; she was grateful that not all parents were like this woman, who was so obviously resentful of the work Tracy did, or else their home would have ceased to exist long ago. But with a smile, she lied, and received the information on Site-17, the designated name for the containment facility where they were holding 'the creature.' Anger boiled in her blood when she called him that, as if to make her actions, their actions, of dragging him away from his world, of keeping him against his will, more acceptable by stripping him of his humanity, just because he wasn't human . But she kept her friendly façade up, relieved to finally have information about her husband's whereabouts, thanking the tired-looking woman and retreating to her car, which was parked in front of the house, on the curb. But that had been more than half a year ago. She was no closer to him now than on that day, and as she lay down that night, a hollow feeling in her chest blossomed. She was no stranger to this sensation; it had often consumed her in the last few months, when things seemed at a stand-still, and she usually remedied it by crying herself to sleep. That night was no different, save for the fact that, tomorrow, she wouldn't have to waste the night away in a lonely motel room, wondering where she was going to end up next, what town her search for Tracy would bring her to. This time, come morning, she would be one step closer to him. The tears were warm on her cheeks, but she smiled as she closed her eyes, brushing her thumb across the underbelly of the still-tarnished wedding band. She'd have him back, soon.[Chapter 7] Rae had seemed adamant about wanting the job. There were stacks of paperwork, of course, contracts about secrecy, insurance waivers, proof of residence, applications that needed to be filled out for dormitory housing, and a mess of things Craig never bothered to remember why they needed to be signed. It was all far too tedious to commit to memory, and he wasn't even sure if Biggs had it down perfectly. The application process was a long one, and then there was a six week period between submission and confirmation. Biggs was more or less in charge of any new recruits, and judging from how she talked about Rae, he was almost certain that she got the job. Craig was less than pleased when the woman showed up for her first day of training. She seemed terrified of everything – the exact opposite of the demeanor one would need in this line of work. For God's sake, she was jittery around the people . He sighed heavily and led her to the stockroom, to get her a lab coat. Sure, it seemed trivial, but the coats were lined with a protective layer on the inside. Many of the creatures contained at Site-17 were actually dangerous. Of course, Tracy wasn't one of them, to his knowledge. He was just desperate. But the lab coats actually protected the workers from many creatures – some that spit acid, some that emit dangerous gasses (though in this case, full-body protection was more preferable), and a colorful array of other tricks and talents. As they walked, he asked her questions. Simple things, most of which she'd answered in the application form, but he didn't get to read. Where are you from, how'd you hear of us, why Site-17, so on and so forth. When they reached the storage room, he turned to her. \"Why fairies?\" he asked. Rae was silent for a moment, registering the question. \"Why not fairies?\" she said lightly. \"New field, no research done, new specimen. From what I've heard so far, he's fairly submissive. He's no threat.\" The man gave pause at this. Her voice, her conviction was so strong when she said that he wasn't a threat. His eyebrows arched up his forehead. \"Who told you that?\" he asked. Of course he knew it was true, but for her to know it was true was pretty impressive. Not on the job a day and she knew more about her subject than most of his colleagues did. \"From what I've heard, of course. Around the place.\" She sputtered. \"Uh-huh… Welcome to the team, then,\" Craig said. \"Here's to hoping you don't have any compassion.\" The man's voice was flat and humorless. Rae shifted uncomfortably, mind racing at the thought of the things done to the creatures here – the things done to her husband – that would require her to be so heartless. She stood there, nervous as he thumbed through some lab coats, looking for one her size. She brought her hands together, twisting the tarnished silver band around her finger. It had become something of a habit, and the feeling of the cool metal on her fingers calmed her. He turned back to her, having found a satisfactory size, and looked down at her hands, staring at the ring for a moment before he looked back up, meeting her eyes. \"You married?\" he asked. She clutched her hand compulsively, covering the silver. \"No,\" she breathed. \"It's a promise ring. From my boyfriend.\" Lying about it hurt, carved a hole in her chest and twisted her insides, and she found she had to bite back tears at the thought of the ring, her last connection with Tracy, having come from someone else. \"Course it is,\" he said lightly. \"All right. We've got a very, uh… interesting addition to the archives, that fairy.\" He searched her face for any sign of significance in his words. \"People around here call him SCP-1594, but his name's Tracy.\" \"Okay,\" she said, sounding convincingly nonchalant, as she shrugged the coat on, but he could see her tracing the bottom of the ring with her thumb. \"Says he's married,\" he said, sounding as if he were trying to make conversation. \"And he's got a ring.\" Rae froze, lowering her arms and pulling the sleeve of the coat further down to cover her hands. \"That's weird,\" she said. \"Signs of… of social structure. Good to know.\" Craig nodded. \"It is. And you know what's even weirder?\" he asked, and he locked the coat rack back up, dropping the key into the small concave shelf that jutted from its side. Rae didn't answer, but had gone still next to him. His voice continued to hold a lilt of casualty, not indicating he had any malicious intent, but Rae knew better than to trust it. \"What?\" she asked, dreading the answer. \"Looks exactly like yours.\" He said, pointing vaguely to her ring hand; he heard her breath hitch and she braced herself. He wasn't going to do anything to her, but spread his palms and gave her some friendly advice, pointing to the ring. \"It's got to go. Because 'promise ring' won't fly with them. People here don't understand. They don't care if he's your husband. To them, he's just something to study. You let them see that ring, and pretty soon you'll be, too. Here.\" he removed a gold chain from around his neck, handing it to her and letting her string it through the ring, fastening the chain around her neck and letting the silver ring drop down her shirt, well concealed. She felt it on her chest, heavy and cold, and tears brimmed in her eyes. \"I just want him back,\" she choked. \"Is he okay?\" Craig heaved a sigh. \"He's fine. He's miserable , but he's not hurt.\" Rae pressed her lips together, the weight of the situation hitting her full force and overwhelmed by the fact that this man, a complete stranger, was willing to risk his job to help her. \"He can't… he can't let them know . What if – if – if he…\" she stopped, working herself into a frenzy. Craig wrapped an arm around her shoulders and calmed her. He knew that this would be hard for her, her husband caged like an animal in a magical menagerie, and her powerless to help him at least until they gave her Euclid clearance. He knew the man wasn't dangerous, and felt pity for him on a whole new level – if he hadn't tried to escape his confinement and earned himself true Euclid status, he would have been classified as Safe after so long, and he would have been able to see his wife. He could tell she was scared. She didn't know how this place worked, and he hadn't a doubt in his mind that she thought that her husband's life was in danger. He gently reassured her that he was safe, that they wouldn't hurt him. He was the only fairy specimen they'd managed to capture, and as awful as it sounded, they wouldn't want to risk losing him; he was too valuable. She shuddered at the thought of her husband in solitary confinement, and she could all but cry for him, poked and prodded and gawked at during such a dark time. She took a deep shaky breath, steadying herself as Craig turned to open the door. \"Can I… ask a favor?\" she whispered. \"Tell him… tell him I'm coming. Please. Let him know it's going to be okay.\" He moaned unhappily at the woman's request. The man had worked with SCP for a long time, and he knew how overzealous The Foundation could be when working with a living specimen. It wasn't unusual for them to test a creature to death, to push its limits or make a fatal error in evaluation experimentation. However, for both their sakes, he kept that knowledge to himself, trusting that his colleagues would be more careful with their new fairy, seeing as how Tracy was the only one any of them had ever come in contact with, the only one the foundation had to research, and so much was still to be learned about him and his species. The evaluation experimentation was over with; they'd found enough solid evidence of substances that could be used to subdue him, knew what not to give him, knew what could hurt him, and he was confident that no one would go out of their way to do him harm. The SCP was a research foundation, not an institution of torture, though he was sure that Tracy and Rae thought differently at the moment. In honesty, it wasn't all that often that a living being was brought into the compound, whether that be because of the various facilities scattered across the globe, or because living creatures were harder to catch than objects, he wasn't sure, but a part of him wanted to argue that the Foundation simply didn't know how to handle Tracy. It wasn't often that they caught living creatures; it was even more of a rarity when they were able to procure something like Tracy, something almost human, who had a complex thought process and who, above all things, spoke English. They'd been enthralled when Tracy had started making intelligent arguments about why they needed to let him go home; of course, this had only persuaded the staff to keep him, solidifying his fate at the facility and in turn, convincing him to keep to himself, to become as withdrawn as he had in the first few months. \"I wish I could.\" He said. \"But if you want to get out of here, both of you alive , he can't know. If he knows, it'll show. I'm not the only guy who works with him, and if someone sees—\" Rae nodded stiffly. She understood. She'd rather them both wait out the misery a little bit longer than put his safety at risk. They left the storage room, Craig leading her back to the lobby and explaining to her how she would have to put in a level transfer evaluation request after two months or so on the Safe level. Rae groaned inwardly. There were at least six more weeks between her and her husband. But once she was granted Euclid clearance, they were leaving. She put a hand at her collar, feeling the band beneath the cloth of her shirt, and sighed. It was going to be a long six weeks.[Chapter 8] Rae lay in bed that night, in one of the dormitories in the compound, half-propped up against the back of her bed, alone. This was the only time when she was willing to take the wedding ring out from the protection of her shirt, in the privacy of her own room. She held it up to the light, the murky brown of the tarnish pulling at her heart strings. He was here, and he was safe, and that was all that mattered. Her heart leapt into her throat at the thought of seeing him again; she'd missed him so much since her wandering, looking for Site-17, had begun. She rubbed at the tarnish, wishing it would come off, wishing that he were lying next to her. She had to keep hoping. She had to tell herself that now she had found him, that it wouldn't be long before she was back with him and that they would make it out. Rae had spent many a restless night lying awake, fearful for her husband, not knowing what was to come next for him, comforted only by the fact that the tarnish remained light. She wished he knew that she was there, that she was looking for him. She wished he knew that everything was going to be okay, but any inkling of change in his behavior could mean being caught, being found out and taken farther from her husband. She dreaded to think just what her plans could mean for him, if something went wrong. From what Craig had told her,Tracy had made a bid for freedom two months ago, before she'd arrived on the compound. He'd told her how they'd taken extra security to fortify his containment ring and ensure that he wouldn't escape again. She'd been given an idea of what would happen if he were to make another failed attempt; the consequences could possibly be much more severe than having his 'approved reading list' terminated. She knew the foundation had sufficient means of hurting him. Craig had told her of the stores kept to subdue each creature. Any scientist working in his division could easily take any number of substances and torment him with them. The man had already warned her of the iron burs he'd sustained; it hurt her heart to know that he'd been abused, beaten into submission. She wanted to help him. She entertained the idea of going to him then, at that very moment, when the cell halls were empty and everyone asleep, but the fear of putting him in ganger froze her from the inside out. Too often she'd succumbed to her thoughts, her own dreadful fancies and theories, to the point where her emotions raged for hours. She'd pull the covers tighter around her shoulders and begin to tremble, drawing her knees to her chest and feeling the tears spill forth. It was too much, and she fought not to let herself fall into that routine. She sniffled, having subdued the tears before the hold clawing at her chest could get the better of her, lifting the ring on its chain from its resting place on her chest and looking it over in the soft lamplight. The inside of her ring was engraved, as was his. It was in Old Fairy, and she had memorized the phrase, her language skills still a little spotty. But she knew what it said. It was half of the phrase, his ring protecting the other half. She ran her finger across the small symbols on the inside of the ring; 'And Will Always Find You.' She knew it was true. Just as she and Tracy had found each other, time and again, she knew they would find each other this time. He dreaded another test run. It was nothing too dangerous, not as of yet at least, but the materials that they used on him wore him out, and having lived off of cream and sugar for the last year, he didn't exactly have much energy to spare for their experimentation. They often had to leave him alone for days at a time, allowing him to regain his strength and occasionally offering him more substantial sustenance, some dense bread or meat if he was particularly slow to recover. That was the thing about fairies – they were able to survive on so little. Little sleep, little food, little hope, true, but it was enough to get him by. There was always that one ray of hope, that his ring was still bright silver, never tarnished or rusted, and that Rae was alright. He had lost weight since his stay in The Facility, and with his already slight frame, some of the scientists had become concerned, worrying that if they didn't ease up and let him rest, they might lose their only specimen. If that ring ever rusted, they might anyway. That was what kept him going, was the thought that she was still okay, she was safe at home and Mab forbid he never went back, she would be taken care of. She'd have a home, she'd have a job, she'd have his family to help her without him. Another part of him knew that she would not feel at home in Fairy Land without him. He prayed that she would adjust, or go home to her family, to her own kind, and live happily there. He missed her terribly. Even the worst situations could be made better knowing that he had her to go home to at the end of the day, to hold in his arms and have her tell him everything would be okay, but he didn't even have that. Here, he had nothing. Even his dignity was being siphoned from him, day by day, as he was subjected to their poking and prodding. They'd taken everything from him, but his ring was returned, and the rest he could more or less do without. His pin, his cellular, his watch – all had been removed before he'd regained consciousness on the first night. He tried not to think about what else they'd done to him while he was under. His back burned when he moved the wrong way, and he'd found a very thin, very well-concealed incision scar on his chest, running down his sternum. He hadn't said anything about it, having little doubt that they'd taken the opportunity to examine his body more thoroughly. The thought was enough to make him sick, though he was reassured that the feeling would pass after a few days, once he became accustomed to the ring he was contained by. He knew his nausea had nothing to do with the ring of salt. The color left his face and his fingers, gripping the edges of the cot, and he began to tremble. He was due for a personnel visit and no one had stopped by his cell. After so long, after knowing what to expect from these people, he found it absolutely terrifying when they broke their routine. The door opened; Craig was there, which calmed his fears a little at first. He was possibly the only man in the entire compound that understood that Tracy wasn't a common animal, and whom at least tried to treat him with some respect. At least having Craig there was a relief, but it was the other white clad figure, standing just outside his cell, who unnerved him so. It was obviously a woman, her straight brown hair falling at her shoulders and her frame very familiar. Only Craig entered the room, and Tracy didn't move, merely content to stare back at her for a few seconds from his place on the cot. It was Rae , it had to be her. He couldn't be imagining it, and he fought the urge to rush to her. She remained as stoic as if she were observing mindless fish in a tank, looking him up and down, scrutinizing him, summing him up as if she truly were there to contain and research him. Her gaze fell on his hand, his ring finger and the silver band that decorated it. His own eyes flickered to her hand, searching for the glint of metal that would undoubtedly send a wave of relief through him. Left hand, ring finger… It was bare. His heart sank, confused and shocked when he saw that her wedding band was gone. He wanted to cry out to her, ask her where it had gone, why wasn't she wearing it, but he kept to himself, unsure. Perhaps so long of being confined on his own, of the sleepless nights and the endless worry, were finally getting to him. His thoughts were cut short as the concrete door swung closed, stealing the woman from his sight. If it was her, he clung to the idea that her wedding ring had been taken by the staff, just as his had. He clung to the idea that she'd get it back soon, that he'd be able to see the connection again, the physical reminder that no matter how awful things seemed in this cinder block hell, that she was still there for him . He clung to the idea that it was her , at all. The worker carried a small Tupperware with a clear gel inside. Tracy had stopped reacting violently when someone entered the cell, and looked up curiously as the man crossed the containment ring, holding the Tupperware out to him. \"What's this?\" he asked, hauling himself to his feet and taking the container, removing the lid and dipping a finger into the petroleum-jelly-like substance. It was a little thicker than petroleum jelly, and smelled strongly of mint. He rubbed his fingers together, spreading the sticky gel. He'd seen stuff like this before, but never on The Human Plane – only back home. He jerked a thumb back towards the door, where his colleague waited. \"New girl made it for you; It's for the—\" \"For the iron burns. Yeah,\" he finished thoughtfully, replacing the lid. Where the gunk touched his skin, he felt a sudden, soothing cool, and he couldn't help but let a smile creep onto his lips. It was a comfort, to have something, a household remedy, so familiar to him. It was the first reminder of home in over a year, and the strong smell, the cooling touch of the jelly, took the tension from his shoulder as he set the small container on his cot, spreading what was left of the stuff on his fingers onto his open palm, where the salt and iron burn from months and months ago still stood out on his skin, feeling a pleasant cool spread through his hand. He looked up at Craig, who had his hands in his coat pockets, grinning. \"This 'new girl'… how'd she…?\" The man shrugged. \"She's had some work in Wicca and Alchemy – or at least that's what it said on her application. Studied fairy lore for ten years. Turns out we know a lot more about you than we thought.\" He chuckled. Even Tracy couldn't help but let a weak laugh past his lips, which surprised Craig, and he spoke up. \"Do you think you could bring her in here?\" he asked. Never did he want to meet new scientists; more often than not, new scientists meant new procedure and experiments. But this woman, who had so kindly mixed him the salve for the burns and pains he'd endured in the last year, he wanted to thank her. A small, guilty voice in the back of his head told him that that was not the reason he wanted to see her. The reason was completely self-serving. He just wanted a better look at her, to tell if it really was Rae or not. The man gave a groan, and Tracy's smile fell. \"Sorry, buddy. Libby's not cleared for Euclids. Not your type , at least. Trust me, she's more than eager for you two to meet. To her, you're just plenty of research. In the mean time, that's got clearance to be here, so you don't have to worry about it being confiscated.\" The fairy sighed again and sat down, his visitor following suit. That was all he needed to hear. Libby . It wasn't her. He hadn't gotten a very good look at her, but he was sure, now, that he was just too desperate. He wanted so badly to see his wife that he'd been imagining things. Craig shifted guiltily, bringing him from his thoughts. \"If you could tell her one thing, what would it be? Your wife, I mean.\" Tracy heaved a sigh; he didn't want to thing about this right now, he didn't want to think about how utterly far away she was. \"I don't know, mate,\" he said lamely. Truth was, there was so much that he wished he could say to her, and he tried so, so hard not to think about it. While the thought of her, safe at home, is what kept him going, the idea that she was alone and scared for him tore through his chest, leaving an icy dread behind, and he fought that off every minute of the day. This was the last thing he wanted to think about. \"C'mon, just think. What would you tell her?\" he pushed, leaning forward away from the wall. This was the least destructive way to facilitate some degree of communication between the two, but it wouldn't work if he didn't cooperate. Tracy leaned his head back against the rail of the cot. \"I'd tell her I love her,\" he said gently, and Craig could hear his voice crack. \"I'd tell her to – to go home.\" He forced the words out, feeling sick at hearing himself say it out loud. \"Back to her family, in Mesa. She's… she's a human, and she doesn't belong in Fairy Land… alone . I'd tell her to start over.\" The tone of his words sent a chill down the man's spine, and for a moment, he had difficulty finding his own voice. He licked his lips and cleared his throat. \"Given up, have you?\" Tracy lifted his head, looking coolly at the worker, who could see that the fairy, after months of confinement, of being treated as a common prisoner and lab rat – the fairy that was the first creature in the history of the foundation to make an intelligent attempt at escape – had finally been broken. \"What else is there to do?\" he said. Craig stood, crossing the circle and hauling Tracy to his feet. \"Hang in there, buddy.\" He said, clasping his friend's hand firmly in his own. \"There's got to be something better on the horizon.\" He said, turning and striding quickly from the room. He stood there, still confined to the circle, staring down at his open palm, at the small slip of slick paper that he'd left behind. It was old and worn, but preserved, the fold lines carefully gone over, so as not to create new creases. His spindly fingers unfolded the paper slowly. There was a single line written, taking up the space from one end of the sheet to the next, scrawled in a familiar cursive. The man's breath hitched as he looked down at it, reading the text over and over: \"Knocking 'em dead. –Tracy \" His mind and heart raced – how had Craig gotten a hold of this? He began to call out, concentrating all the energy left in his body, trying to be heard through the thick concrete, but thought better of it, clamping his jaw shut and clutching the paper close to his chest. Tracy was never one to bring attention to himself, but now it was so important that he remain unremarkable, to behave and not make it seem to the other scientists as if anything were amiss. He ventured a glance at his ring, his heart rate slowing when he saw the perfect silver surface. He swallowed thickly. However Craig had gotten the note he'd left Rae all those years ago, she was safe; she wasn't in any danger, and he took solace in this fact, trusting their connection, and stuck the folded paper into his shirt, a small pocket just inside his lapel. He settled back into the cot, sitting up and resting his elbows at his knees. The paper seemed to burn against his skin, and he itched to take it out, to hold it in his hands. Even if he had written it, it was still hers , and he cherished that, after being away from her for so long. True, there had been longer stretches of time they'd been separated. Tracy dreaded to recall what she'd told him about the three years of ugly heartbreak, where she'd been plunged into amnesia; fear gripped him to think of her falling victim to the same bout of horrible emotions, and he sought comfort in the fact that she had healed, that she knew he loved her and that he would never willingly leave her like this. He knew that these would protect her, but he also knew that fear and grief and loneliness were the worst causes, the most powerful pains, and could do any number of things to her. He sighed, lying back into the have been a magical being, but in no way did he have the ability to see what was to come. He, like most fairies, had the ability to augment his appearance, to render himself invisible for a short period of certain that he would not be able to manage such feats, not now. After nearly a year, he simply hadn't the strength. Many days of late,Tracy did not even have the strength to fight the pairs of scientists who occasionally came to take blood, draining him of life and the little bit of magic that still flowed through his veins. It was a small reprieve, that he now had the supply of salve; at the very least, it relieved the pain caused by the routine checks and tests when he applied it to his various injuries. If it were made correctly, it might even put some magic back into his system, though he doubted it would. Not many humans knew how to make it – the fact that this woman, who ever she was, had managed to even give it the pain-numbing effects it was supposed to have was remarkable, and he commended her for her studies, her skill, and her kindness. It may not have seemed like much to her at the time, but he knew that the jelly was going to come in useful, especially for the injuries he's sustained around the time of his escape attempt. He would survive – at a little over a year, he'd learned that the staff did not want to see him dead. He was their only fairy. Their only means of study, and to lose him would mean taking a loss. He became confident that they would let him live, even if it meant being worked within an inch of death. He could manage, he could survive, he could keep going. He had to, for her. He hoped Craig was right. Something better needed to be on the horizon. He'd been doing this for far too long, and he was all but ready to give up, to submit to the foundation completely and accept whatever they were going to do with him. This small slip of paper was hope, for him. As the day wore on, he found himself more and more aware of the slip of paper in his lapel. No one came to do any tests that day. It was the second Thursday in the month, which meant that he was permitted to rest, to recover from the last few weeks of them taking from him. Craig had been a visitor, not a researcher. Still, he was lonely, consumed by confused feelings involving the slip. He sighed and lay back, holding the paper up to the light to read. The sheet was glossed, but relatively thin, and held up to the constant fluorescent light, he saw a dark blotch on the back, something he hadn't noticed this morning, when Craig had handed it to him. He frowned and turned it over in his hands. It was small, compressed handwriting in black ink. His breath caught instantly and he choked back laughter. He was certain this hadn't been there before – he knew he didn't write it – and he told himself that he recognized the handwriting. It was Rae's . He bolted to a sitting position in his cot, swinging his legs over the side. It was one word: Tonight. It made his heart race. 'Tonight' what? He looked down at his ring; if there was ever a time to understand his wife, it would have been then, but he was afraid to jump to any conclusions. He wanted to cal out, to call for her or Craig, but he knew it would be useless. 'Tonight.' What about tonight? He thought hard, staring down at the distraught, unable to grasps what Rae wanted from him. He couldn't help but think that Rae was close. He wanted her to be, he wanted there to be hope. He couldn't explain how Craig had gotten a hold of the paper, because he had himself convinced that his hope was just that – hope. He hoped that she was coming for him (at the same time hoping she stayed far away.) He hoped that she was safe, that they would be back together again. He hoped he hadn't been mistaken earlier, when that woman had stood, waiting for Craig— Little things all began to click into place. Rae was playing with fire. She was, indeed, here. She was the girl, Libby, who he'd seen standing outside his cell earlier. She was the one who had made the salve – Of course she was! He was the one who had taught her that recipe! The thought filled him with a terrible excitement. His stomach did nervous somersaults inside of him; he didn't want her to be there, in this hell, this dangerous facility where, if anyone learned she was conspiring to save him— He stared down at the slip. Tonight. They were leaving tonight. They were leaving now .[Chapter 9] Tracy swallowed thickly and moved from the cot, slipping to the floor; he inched towards the perimeter of the circle, crouching to get a better look. He moved his hand forward, pressing down on the paper with his thumb, causing it to become concave. He used the scoop of it to scrape the salt to the side. He felt and awful burning in his fingers, because of the close proximity. He hissed through his teeth, pulling his hand back periodically and making slow work of the ring. His heart hammered in his chest, his breath ragged from the combination of fear and exertion. He sat back once the deed was done, terrified. It wasn't even half a year since his last escape attempt. He knew that if he was caught again, they weren't going to be as lenient with him this time. To think about what the consequences of misbehavior would be this go around made him sick – nearly a year had passed inside this cell; nearly a year of these people investigating him inside and out, knowing precisely how to subdue him, how to hurt him – kill him, if they wanted to. At length, he stood. Having another chance at escape, another chance to go home was worth the a deep breath and grunted, stepping past the ring, stumbling out of the circle and gasping for breath. He looked back at the lonely cot, then down to his ring. He curled his fingers in around it, going to the door. He opened it just a crack, peeking out and seeing a dark figure in the hall. His heart nearly stopped and he retreated, closing the door as fear gripped him. A split second passed as he stood stock still against the door. The handle turned from the outside, and the fairy almost cried out. \"Tracy?\" Though it was a harsh whisper, just the use of his name told the fairy that he had nothing to fear; Craig had come back for him. He opened the door, inching into the hall. He could hardly see anything for the lack of light. \"What took you so long?\" he asked. \"Took me a while to get it, actually,\" he admitted. \"Where's Rae? Is she allright?\" \"She's fine. She's in the next complex. I couldn't get her into the cell hall without it being manned; she still doesn't have Euclid clearance. She needed to be checked in by staff – me. She's got your stuff, and she'll get you out. Come on,\" he said, beckoning for the fairy to follow him, taking off down the hall at a fast pace. Tracy's body fought him, not having the energy for such an activity, especially after the salt line draining him so, but the adrenaline coursing through his veins and the thought of his wife at the end of the tunnel-like hallway pushed him. They burst through the set of double doors, into the lobby of the second complex. His heart sank – where was Rae? It was nearly pitch black and there was no movement. He immediately feared for her. Something had happened to her, and the knot in his stomach tightened, and he wanted to call out to her. He took the breath and opened his mouth to call for her, to know she was safe, but his voice died in his throat. All he was able to manage was a desperate whimper as he felt her palm cup his cheek, and he leaned into her touch. He wanted to stop right there and simply hold her forever; likewise, she wanted nothing more than the just be with him , but she pulled back reluctantly, feeling his fingers trail across her arm. It was the darkest part of the night – there was hardly a soul awake in the entire building, but they couldn't waste time; Rae and Craig had concocted a bit of a plan. It was all very simple, but the man had requested to be taken from the facility, along with the couple. Over the years, as the secrecy of the SCP increased, it had become so difficult to leave subterranean bases like Site-17. the man was sick of the place, especially after the last few months, after his experiences with Tracy's containment , and he wanted more than ever to leave, to resume the life he'd left behind nine years ago. He wanted his life in San Francisco, his job as a University Professor. He wanted to escape . Tracy did pity the man, knowing how it felt to be trapped and contained in this place. He couldn't imagine that his prison was any different from the other side of the cell walls, and he happily agreed, under the condition that he be dusted when they returned to The Human Plane. Of course, the fairy appreciated everything the man had done for him in the last few months, but SCP wasn't the only organization founded on secrecy. At least at Site-17, he knew the information gathered about him would remain secure. But Craig, as good of a man as he was, he was still only human, and he was veritable. He told Tracy that he understood, that enough of the fairies' secrets had been stolen, that he was just protecting his kind. He agreed to the terms, and Rae pulled the thin wand from her belt. There was a muffled bang, the sound of the double doors closing, and all three tensed. A light bobbed from around the corner – Craig cursed under his breath. He'd forgotten about the night watch. There were only two guards on night duty, the one occupying this floor and the one monitoring the lobby on the ground level. It was three against one, and they could probably take the man, had he not been armed. Tracy pulled them back, pulling Rae closer, protectively. He took her hand and put his free hand on Craig's shoulder, and took a risk, trying something that he hadn't done in nearly a year. He took a deep breath, and held it. The light bobbed around the corner, revealing the officer. He was a broad shouldered man, nearly as tall as Tracy. The fairy doubted they'd be able to take the man if the need arose. He squeezed his eyes shut and held his wife closer, an anchor as he started to become light headed. The last few months had drained him, had taken his strength and ability, and all too soon, a terrifying numb sensation spread through his extremities. He focused on the feeling of her against him instead of the burning in his lungs. The officer still lingered in the lobby. He grimaced, ducking his head to kiss the crown of hers, and he exhaled sharply, his chest heaving. The beam of light, obscuring its wielder in its intensity, flickered towards them. It all happened too fast. There was a shout, and Craig grabbed Rae by the arm, pulling her one way, back to the hallway that connected the two buildings. He knew that those doors were fortified, harder to take down or shoot through, and if they could make it past the doors, secure them, thy would be safe. Tracy did not see the safety of the connecting hallway, viewing it simply as a step closer to his cell. He pulled the opposite way, his grip on his wife's hand slipping as she was retched away from him. She cried out, but Tracy could not afford to give pause. His legs carried him across the lobby, farther away from his wife and safety, and he felt that same cold fear rip though him as he was hunted down. He stumbled forward, trying to catching himself without slowing down. He heard the officer call out behind him, and he looked back, seeing the light dance crazily as the man was grappled with. There was a clatter, and the light fell to the floor, but he kept going. He had to find Rae in the darkness. There was one light, the electric red glow of the exit sign above the doors across the lobby. He ran for it, the feeling strangely similar to his last bid for escape. The exhausted man pulled up short the moment he noticed the odd, unsettling sensation. He braced his palm flat against the door, feeling the awful tingling sensation, not quite a burn, but familiar all the same. He pushed the door open, the feeling intensifying as he moved farther into the doorway. He pulled back, letting the doors fall shut with a soft, hollow noise, which barely masked the noise from behind him. The doorway was line with iron. He didn't know if it was the door frame or the hinges, but however the door had been built hindered him, made it impossible to pass. He nearly laughed. His escape attempt, entirely useless as it was, would not have been any more successful even had he made it past all the scientists. He'd planned to use this exit; the moment he passed the threshold, he would have been incapacitated. He stood blankly in the middle of the hall, hearing the footsteps thundering from down the blackened hallway. He tried to gauge his pursuer, but was unable to tell if they were friend or foe. The footsteps were light, which either indicated a low body mass or no gear or protection to fortify them. He braced himself for the brute to come bounding out of the dark, directly at him. He began backtracking, trying to give himself more time to prepare for impact, to fight his way back to the last lock or past them, but it happened too fast. They came rocketing towards him, and it was all he could do but register that there was now somebody there, and before he knew it, they'd thrown themselves at him wrapping their arms around his middle and— Hugging him. They were knocked to the ground by the force of it, and he sat there, feeling her shoulders heave and shake as he wrapped his arms around her, tears stinging at his eyes as he held Rae in his arms for the first time in more than a year. Her hands clutched at his back, at the old cell shirt, and he held her to him, running a hand through her hair and muttering softly to her, telling her how much he missed her, thanking her and telling her that they'd be safe, everything would be okay. There was another set of footsteps following hers and he held her closer, terrified for a moment before Craig broke through the veil of blackness. Tracy's shoulders relaxed, but only for a moment before the couple saw his expression, wide eyes and wild, fearful and urgent as he waved at the pair on the ground, telling them to go, go ! Rae pulled a wand from her belt, working it the way Diana had taught her, and they felt the whirlwind rush of magic surrounding them, sweeping their hair and clothes around them as Craig ran to join them in the vortex. He was just going to make it,Tracy could see, before the magic whisked them back to the safety of Fairy Land, where they would administer amnesia dust to the human and bring him back to his home in San Francisco. There was a deafening pop, a boom that sent fear ripping through Tracy's heart. He knew what that was. He held Rae to him, shielding her and keeping her face pressed into his chest as Craig stopped, mere feet from the vortex, and dropped to his knees. Just emerging from the dark,Tracy could see a disgruntled officer standing, shocked as the man fell to the ground, staring lifeless up at the couple with a bullet lodged in his chest. Tracy squeezed his eyes shut, horrified as the scene dissolved before them, magic swirling so fast around them that it formed a solid, protective wall around the two as they were transported from The Human Plane, to the safety of Fairy. They remained on the ground, senseless as other fairies swarmed around them, excited, pulling them apart and dragging Tracy to the medical ward, taking Rae away from him; he didn't struggle, he didn't call out. He knew he'd have plenty of time to be with her, as soon as she was tended to. He noticed a sick sensation in the pit of his stomach, the scene flashing before his eyes, seeing Craig's expression go from urgent to terrified to blank as he hit the floor, andTracy's knees nearly gave out from under him. It was then that he realized how weak he was, the adrenaline sapped from his limbs, and he was suddenly grateful of the ward. Nurses separated them, tearing Rae from him and dragging them off in opposite direction to be tended to. They were safe, finally, and he resigned to the fact that he was weak, and needed to be tended to as well. He didn't fight when the nurses eased him back into the bed, the soft sheets a welcomed sensation against his skin, and his muscles gave, his breathing heavy as the night's events caught up with him. They made him drink before they let him sleep, the Water coursing through him and replenishing the energy and magic that had been sapped from his body. He wanted Rae, he wanted her with him, to hold her as they rested, but the nurses were adamant about Tending to them separately. He could not fight – he had no fight left in him, he realized, sinking willingly into the soft of the bed as he closed his eyes, mumbling for his wife. It was several hours later, when Rae was released from the watch of the nurses – they'd helped settle her, made sure she wasn't hurt, and then released her, allowed her to sit by her husband's bedside. She leaned back against the head board, running her hand through his hair. She couldn't keep the smile on her face, as much as she knew it belonged there, so overwhelmed to have him back, safe and sound at her side that tears began slipping down her cheeks. She mumbled to him through her tears for nearly forty five minutes, though he was unconscious, that he was safe, that everything was going to be okay, refusing to leave his side, and when he finally began to stir, she held her breath, quickly wiping the water from her cheeks and smiling wearily down at him. He shifted slowly, bringing his fingers up to touch her neck, her cheek, and she covered his hand with her own, turning her head slightly and kissing the still-burnt skin of his palm. Eyes still half-closed, he looked up at her, and a smile began to spread across his lips. \"Thank you,\" he said, so softly that only she was able to hear it. He tried to sit up, but she pushed down on his shoulder, telling him to stay. She bent her head and kissed him. \"Rest,\" she said gently, removing his glasses, and without the obstruction of the eye ware, she could see just how they'd worked him, how the dark circled arced beneath his eyes, how the usual pallor of his cheeks was several shades too pale, and she smiled kindly down at him. \"We're home. It's okay; rest.\" He raised a hand and brushed her cheek. \"Stay?\" She nodded, brushing the hair from his eyes. He'd need a hair cut once they were settled back home. She laughed lightly at the sentiment, wishing she could keep her mind on things like that instead of what she knew he'd been through. . Rae knew that he had a lot to recover from. They'd very nearly killed him, the way they kept him from any source of magic for so long, sapped his energy and didn't bother to help him replenish the magic he needed to survive. The ward wouldn't hold him for very long, just enough so that they knew he was stable again, and they would get to go home, soon. It'd been so long since either one of them had been home, and she was glad that he would get a proper rest in the privacy of his own bed, with no one coming in during the night to draw blood or him having to fear what would come the next day. He turned his head to the side, to look at the door, then back to Rae. He was still drained, and there was an unmistakable sick feeling in the pit of his stomach, something he'd become quite accustomed to in the last year, but this one was worse. This one was brought on by a blurry memory that was shrouded in the swirling pastel of the vortex that had carried them home. \"Craig?\" he asked, softly. Rae's expression softened, eyebrows arching towards the center of her forehead and her lips pressed together tightly, a deep frown settling across her face as she shook her head ever so slightly, the smallest indicator that he hadn't made it with them. Tracy sighed and sunk into the pillow, the sick feeling rising. That's what he remembered, the terrifying bang of gunfire. He pushed himself up, with some effort, braced against the back of the bed, and took her into his arms, knowing that she felt the same for the loss of their friend, the only man who had helped them – the man who was responsible for their escape . She rested her chin on his shoulder as he wrapped his arms around her. \"They'll want to clean up,\" he said, voice holding a hint of fear. She backed herself up, looking at his quizzically, but never breaking the contact, her hands on his, resting in his lap. \"Lily. She'll want to send someone down there, dust every one who came in contact with me. The entire facility.\" She moved his ruffled hair from his eyes. \"I don't think we have to worry about that,\" she said darkly. \"They'll take care of it on their own.\" A ghost of a smile graced her lips. \"Don't forget, I worked there for five months. Nothing gets out of that place. No one fails. And even if they do, it never happened. By morning, no one who worked with you will remember. Everything will be redacted. No one will know,\" she said, and though her voice held a trace of sadness, both of them were relieved at the sentiment. Tracy knew that if any record of his time at Site-17 remained, Lily would have a fit, and she would, without a doubt, try to have the men and women who worked there dusted, their memories wiped clean of all existence of fairies. But it was so dangerous , to send anyone else into that hell. He would never wish that upon anyone, no matter how well-trained they were, because they knew too much now. If a fairy was ever to fall to them again, they wouldn't have the same chances that Tracy had had. They wouldn't be able to come home. Home . \"Rae…\" he started, sitting up and feeling her shift to give him room. She placed a hand on his shoulder to steady him. \"Let's go home, my honeybee.\" He said, standing from the bed and pulling her up to meet him. He was still a bit light headed, but he could feel the effect of the Water on him – he felt much healthier, much better and much more like himself. She laughed, a weak, breathy noise that still held traces of her tears. \"I like that idea,\" she said, and he drew and arm around her shoulders as she placed one around his waist, and they left the ward, both ready to finally go home. ","Summary":" Tracy bent over quietly, slipping his hand beneath the child's pillow and groping for the tooth. Ha"},{"Movie":"Tooth Fairy","Title":"Honeybee","Author":"Faerendipitous","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8443968","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He wrinkled his nose against the musky odor of damp earth, the oncoming storm, and he leaned back into the metal bench, sighing heavily and swallowing the heat that had pushed its way up his throat. This was the fifteenth redacted assignment that he'd been put on since achieving the title of 'Tooth Fairy,' after working so hard and overcoming the wing discrimination of Fairy. And yet, this was the ninth time they'd pulled him from a job, the main offices cancelling his assignment before he could even reach the residence. It was like a joke to them, letting him get halfway to that dream-like moment of handing over a tooth, a dream that was quickly slipping away, becoming more elusive with every cancelled run, every task set for him. Tracy almost dreaded the assignment slips handed out at the office every morning. If he got one at all, he could almost be sure that it would be cancelled, the slip of paper no more than a scarlet letter reminding him that he didn't belong there. He belonged behind a desk, in their eyes. Still, his assignments were infrequent and, in the beginning, had sent jolts of excitement like electricity through him. Now, after so many months of being the butt of the joke, after so many months of the others trying to break him, make him want to turn over his title and hole himself up in that office again, he was becoming weary of the job. This was not how it was supposed to be. He was supposed to finally be respected, not looked at as if he were one of the disadvantaged. He was supposed to show that that he was just as good as they were. A steady downpour started, without warning, drenching the parched earth and making the night even darker. There was a steady rhythm of footsteps under the din of the rain, and within seconds a younger woman burst forth from the shroud of water cascading off the roof of the bus stop awing, stumbling into the relative safety of covered stop. She sat heavily down next to him, trying to wring out her clothes, with little success. She was drenched to the bone for the few seconds that she'd been exposed to the elements. \"Well, that was pleasant, wasn't it?\" she said bitterly, to no one in particular. He couldn't help but throw a glance her way. The human plane was so dangerous, and it was prudent to know who you ended up alone with. But she was a slight thing, disgruntled and clutching her purse as if it were a lifeline. No doubt she shared his sentiments about her surroundings, as she seemed very reserved, hunched over slightly and turned away from him. She seemed to notice his gaze, distracted and absent as it was, as he'd lost himself in thoughts about earlier that day and forgotten to look away. It was startling, for her to round on him like she did, up to the elbow in her purse and he was so sure she was going to pull out a bottle of mace. He jumped in his seat and looked away, muttering an apology and hoping she'd leave him be. He didn't want any trouble. He turned his head to the side, facing away from her and pretending to read a public safety poster that had been plastered on the inner wall of the bus stop sanctuary, long since made illegible by graffiti. \"Excuse me,\" she said, her voice teetering between assertive and fearful. He merely shook his head and muttered more apologies, telling her he hadn't meant anything. \"No. Sorry. Do I… know you…? You look awfully familiar.\" He looked up, only partially, to meet her gaze and figured that she couldn't possibly know him, even though he knew her. They'd met once , during one of the only assignments he' gotten to carry through: A little boy around the area, Jamie Anderson, who had lost a tooth. He'd had a babysitter that night, and she'd woken up to find Tracy standing in the kitchen at the foot of the staircase, just having come back downstairs from retrieving the tooth. One handful of Amnesia dust and a click of an All-purpose Magic Generator button later, he was back in Fairyland with the tooth, and she had no recollection of the incident, confused as to why the police dispatch was on the other end of the phone line. \"N-no,\" he stuttered, fear creeping through him. Why did she remember? \"No, sorry. Must be someone else you're thinking about.\" She looked on curiously before dismissing the notion, shifting her attention to the bus that roared onto the scene. Both stood and darted, one after the other, through the rain and into the iron safety of the vehicle. She made her way to the back of the empty bus, warm and drying with every second the heat blew from the vents. He took his place at the front and silently watched as the lights blurred by. They flew down the roads at a speed that unsettled him, had him gripping at the edge of his plastic seat with white knuckles, though she seemed unconcerned. A sudden thought struck him and he meandered his way to join her at the back while they were stopped safely at a red light. He sat awkwardly next to her and wrung his hands together. \"Sorry. You wouldn't happen to know, uhm… where this bus lets off… do you?\" She looked sideways at him. \"You just board busses without knowing where they go?\" she asked, skeptical. \"Just… I was more concerned with getting out of the rain, allright? It's been a long day.\" She set her purse aside and turned to face him. \"This bus goes to the mall, the library, the church, and three different street stops.\" She paused as she watched him rub at his eyes with the bases of his palms. \"Obviously hasn't been a good day.\" She said, gently, smoothing out the wrinkles in his sleeve. \"More or less,\" he groaned, letting his hands fall to his lap and stretching his long legs into the aisle. \"Do you live in Mesa?\" she asked. He didn't seem like he did, certainly didn't sound like it. He shook his head, \"Just passing through,\" was his answer. She seemed to shrink for a moment and then bounce right back. \"Why don't you come to the church with me? It's single's ward tonight, but not many people show up anymore. I don't think they'll mind, much. Torrential rain and all.\" She smiled thinly, hoping to elicit something positive from him, but he just shrugged and accepted her proposal. \"If you're up to it, you can tell me what's bothering you.\" She offered tentatively. \"I'm Rae,\" she added, holding out her hand. Why was this lady – Rae. Why was Rae so willing to hear his grievances about work? He fidgeted uncomfortably before completing the gesture. \"Tracy,\" he returned, noticing how warm her hands were, though she was still shaking for cold. Her hair hung in curtains framing her face and her glasses were fogged from the steam coming off her person. She eyes his attire, the vest and tie, the gray workpants and the dress shoes. \"Did you just get off work?\" she asked. He sighed. \"Suppose you could say that. To be brutally honest I never got on work, but yeah.\" Rae leaned towards him, squinting in the dim light, her fingers brushing lightly at something pinned to his lapel. When she moved away, he made quick work of removing the little sliver pin, hoping that she hadn't gotten too good a look at it. He dropped it into his breast pocket until it was safer to wear it. She frowned slightly and opened her mouth to ask about the pin, but the bus came to a stop, a screeching halt and a roaring release as the doors opened with a hiss. He was rather startled by the sudden violence of the bus, and didn't notice her gathering her damp belongings until she called for him. \"I thought you were coming,\" she said gently, allowing him to shake the surprise of the stop and lift himself to his feet. He trailed faithfully behind her and followed her into the small church. The moment the doors opened and they stood in the warm reception room, he wondered just what he'd gotten himself into. She introduced him to the older woman behind the desk who was keeping tabs on everyone, failing to mention that she'd met him twenty minutes ago at a bus stop, before they continued into the next room. It was spacious and hallow with the exception of a few tables and chairs set up at each. She led them over to one, out of the way of the other small groups. Several others shot them odd glances and Rae merely shook her head at them, urging him to ignore them and continue on. \"So what do you do?\" she asked, \"Your work.\" Tracy stuttered around his words, trying to find the closest approximation to explain to her without saying \"I'm a tooth fairy.\" His hands wrung together in his lap and he suddenly became very regretful of engaging with her on the bus. \"I, uhm… not for any par-particular… I collect.\" He settled for that, not willing to elaborate, instead letting her fill in the blanks with whatever seemed appropriate. \"Like a Tax collector?\" she asked. He nodded in approval. \"Something like that.\" \"Okay,\" she said, leaning in next to him. \"So what's got you down?\" He leaned back, folding his arms across his chest and tilting his head slightly. \"I…I work with a lot of people who are different than me… well,\" he faltered. \"Well, I'm the different one, really – not many people like me make in into that department, even fewer onto the field, and… they're just not happy with me, yeah? And they make it Hell, they do. Cancelling every assignment I get before I even have the chance to get out there, and they end up giving it to one of the others! It's just, when I go back with no… with nothing collected… I mean it just makes me look like I'm shoddy at this job, which I'm not!\" he argued hotly. \"I can be just as good as them, I am just as good as them. Or… I – I would be, but they keep getting in the bloody way!\" She smiled gently. \"What makes you so different?\" Tracy took a deep breath and unfolded himself, leaning forward on the table, unsure of how to answer her. \"It's a, uhm… a disability,\" he said, and he could feel the color rising to his face, painting the pallor of his cheeks a soft pink, the fire spreading to the tips of his ears and back of his neck as well, and he was grateful for the low light. The words tasted funny in his mouth and he found himself thoroughly disheartened at them. \"You seem fine to me,\" she said, taking hold of his hand. His eyes widened slightly at her touch and that he could hear a certain pity in her voice. Pity hurt the most, he'd learned over the years. Oh, that poor boy, the patronizing remarks from his youth, in the years where it became evident that his wings were never going to grow in. The pity he'd received at the academy, from the instructors as he watched his class's graduation from the field with the audience. But the pity he heard in her voice wasn't the same. It wasn't I'm sorry you're different , but instead I'm sorry they treat you different. That spot between his shoulder blades itched with the compulsion to protect himself, as if he were suddenly exposed and vulnerable. He pressed his back harder against the seat. \"That's what I've been trying to tell them, but they just… don't listen. Never do.\" \"They'll have to someday,\" she said, her voice soft. \"If you earned it.\" \"But that's the thing! I – I worked so hard to do this, and they're not even giving me a chance .\" The heat pushed back up his throat and he pushed on. \"I just – I was supposed to go home, three, four hours ago, you know, but I just don't want to anymore because I keep going back empty handed and no one but the main team knows why. No one will believe me about it, but why should they, they all think I – I cheated or something, no one wants to believe that I can actually do this , and – and I don't have wings!\" It was an exclamation that presented itself far too quickly for him to keep himself in check. He fell silent and glanced sideways at her, waiting for the appropriate response, the strange look and the confusion, but it didn't come. Instead she just pushed the rain-soaked hair from her eyes and seemed deep in thought. He wondered if she'd even heard him, or what she was thinking about. Hopefully it wasn't about what asylum he must have escaped from. Quickly, he looked away, fidgeting with the hem of his vest. Rae shrugged, quite animatedly, with a huff. It was impossible to ignore, even in his meek state, and the man began to protest, thinking that her small gesture was meant as a familiar dismissal of his feelings, the way he'd just poured his heart out to her, but stopped himself when he saw her look up at him. \"I don't either,\" she said gently. His shoulders drooped when he realized that she didn't understand. For her, not having wings was the norm, but in the society he lived in, it made him less . Of course, she didn't know that, and how could he begin to explain himself to her, to tell her that he was a fairy? Still, with her gentle observation came the reassurance that he wasn't as alone as he felt. Here was this girl, someone he'd met barely and hour ago, and she genuinely cared, she wanted to make him feel better despite not knowing the full scope of his situation. It was such a stark contrast to the blatant mistreatment, the degradation back home, and he found himself smiling despite everything. There was a stroke of lightning outside and a terrifying crack that made her jump. Reflexively, he grabbed her arm to steady her and she settled down. The lights died, bathing everyone in the room in darkness, and he could feel her tense under his fingers. There was the collective moan from the group on the other side of the room, but besides that they carried on their conversation, hushed as it was and occasionally drowned out by the crashing thunder. He gave her arm a squeeze and asked her if she was okay. \"All the lanterns were taken out after the last flood. They didn't work anymore and the new ones haven't come in yet and it's just… dark, is all…\" she whispered. \"Sorry,\" she said, and forced herself to relax. He chuckled as another stroke of lightning graced the sky, lighting the entire room in a dazzling, blinding white light for a fraction of a second. \"People have good reasons to be afraid of the dark,\" he said. \"You just don't know what's around you. But I don't think you have to worry, you know. Not here, at least.\" He could barely see the contour of her face, but she nodded stiffly. \"Are you sure we've never met?\" she asked in a hush. She felt silly asking again despite his fervent reassurances, earlier, that they hadn't, but she couldn't shake the feeling. He didn't answer, and she felt the blush rising to her cheeks. For once in her life, she was so grateful for the utter darkness that had swallowed the small church room, so that he couldn't see her shy embarrassment. She was about to apologize for prying when there was a roar of laughter from the other side of the room that startled them both. She felt a hand on her shoulder, his hand, and she was comforted. This flagged some alarm in the back of her mind. For the short time she'd known him, she was oddly comfortable around him; had anyone else touched her so suddenly in the dark, even someone she knew well, she would have been terrified. \"A bit jumpy?\" he laughed She began to answer, to let him know she'd felt him jump just as much as she had at the kids' sudden outburst, but another bolt of lightning struck outside the room, bringing with it an immediate crack of thunder that shook the building, rattling the timbers. Rae winced, her heart fluttering at the feeling of the building trembling around her, near what felt like the point of collapse. She clung to his arm, grasping fistfuls of his sleeve. He chuckled lightly, making her cheeks burn with a fresh embarrassment before she felt him shift next to her, moving closer. He removed himself from her vice grip and wrapped an arm around her shoulders, drawing her in and calming her from the storm outside. She leaned into him and couldn't explain the sudden calm, the feeling of safety and the inexplicable comfort of being held. \"So,\" he said. \"Maybe I was mistaken earlier. When I said we've never met.\" The words registered slowly with her, and it produced the most wonderful, unusual sensation in her chest. She laughed. \"So you remember? Maybe you can help a forgetful girl out?\" she asked, and he sighed. Her smile dropped when she heard it. It wasn't a pleasant sigh, something that carried the tune of content or even mere amusement. It was a heavy sigh, and it made her heart sink. She twisted around to look up at him – or at the very least, where she thought he was, as she couldn't very well see him – in concern. \"Wish I could, you know. I do. But we've got rules, and all, and just by being here I must be breaking a dozen at once. I really ought to go. I've been gone far too long, and they are expecting me back.\" He bent his head and placed a kiss at the peak of her cheek. \"Thank you, Rae.\" He said, and she could tell he meant it. She wished he wouldn't go, wished she could do more for this man she'd met in a forgotten dream, who an hour ago was a complete stranger. She felt him fumble with something at his belt. She sat up so that he could take leave, as reluctant as they both were, unbeknownst to the other. \"Knock'em dead, Tracy,\" she said, and he could tell she meant it. She wanted him to do well, this girl he'd met hardly an hour ago. \"One thing, before I go,\" he said, and there was a sudden electric tingle to the air, before the lights flickered back to life. The edgy nervousness of being swathed in darkness disappeared and she turned back to Tracy, a grin spread across her lips that slowly faded in confusion. He was gone. The bell rang, and Mrs. Anderson opened the door for Rae, who stood on their step with a backpack slung over her shoulder and a board game under her arm. It was Wednesday, which meant that she was babysitting. Jamie came to greet her, bounding down the stairs with something clutched in his tiny fist. He seemed to forget his news, when he saw her, propelling himself straight into her arms and letting her pick him up before turning back to his mother. \"I lost a toof!\" he cried happily, words slurred by the numerous gaps in his teeth. \"Another one?\" his mother uncurled his fist to see the slightly bloodied tooth in his palm. She shot a knowing look to her babysitter, then back to her son, bending over slightly to lean in. \"Well! The Tooth Fairy is especially busy with you, isn't she?\" Rae shifted him a little further up on her hip and moved into the house to allow Mrs. Thompson to leave with a promise of being home soon, and covert thanks for taking care of the tooth in advance. Rae spent a good portion of the night playing snakes and ladders with Jamie, unashamed to say that she had almost as much fun as he did. He was a sweet kid, and never gave her any trouble, except at bedtime. He never liked going to sleep when Rae babysat, but the promise of the tooth fairy visiting in the night was more than enough to convince him to change and brush and get in bed. She watched him place his lost tooth beneath the pillow, sent him off with a goodnight and sat in the living room, the news on low to provide ambient noise while she worked, alternately trying her hand at a new sketch style and doing her homework, the latter of which she gave up on around midnight. A quick glance at the clock told her that Jamie was more than likely asleep. She fished a dollar out of her purse and made her way up the stairs to his bedroom, treading lightly. His Buzz Lightyear nightlight provided enough light for her to maneuver the toy cars and transformers – sometimes it was hard to tell those apart, in the dark – that were strewn across his floor. She stooped at the side of his bed, holding her breath as she slid a hand under his pillow, groping for the small tooth. Her fingers did not find it, but brushed something soft, and she frowned, grasping it between her index and middle finger and pulling it out. The slip of white paper glowed almost fluorescently in the dim light; there was handwriting on the slick paper, but it was light, and she couldn't read it by the night lamp alone. The small silver paperclip shone, though, and the dollar that was attached was what had been soft to the touch, worn but sturdy, and her mouth fell open slightly at the sight. She stood there in utter confusion, knowing, so certain that she hadn't been up there already. There wasn't a question about it, but who had been? Her heart raced in her chest and she stifled her gasp, voice caught in her throat as Jamie stirred ever so slightly. Fear still rippling through her, she slid her own dollar bill beneath his pillow, gentle as she could be with trembling fingers, and took the papers downstairs to get a better look. It was just a dollar, from the looks of it. Nothing suspicious about that, but the slick white paper, glossy like something that would come out of a cash register as a customer's receipt printed, was what intrigued her. There was neat cursive sprawled across the sheet, horizontally and in perfectly sized print so that the message took up one line, from end to end. \" Knocking'em dead. –Tracy\" A hand flew to her mouth, and she understood.[Chapter 2] It'd been months since the rainy day at Single's Ward, and Rae often found herself waking up in the middle of the night, confused as to where she was and why the thunder had suddenly stopped. Dreams of that man, the stranger at the bus stop who seemed so impossible, haunted her dreams and waking thoughts, until the line between dreams and reality blurred, and she was no longer sure of the man's existence. It was a confusing chaos, to not be sure of something you thought you'd lived, something that held so much meaning for you. It was that small slip of slick paper, worn and crease by folding and unfolding it so many times, that she kept in a small locket around her neck – a constant reminder that she had not imagined the man who had calmed her so thoroughly and bared his soul, his secret to her, a human. It had made so much sense the night she found the note. He was a collector , he hadn't said of what, though, but his visit that night, his taking Jamie's baby tooth from beneath his pillow, it made everything fall into place, and Rae was struck into awe at the man – was that even the proper term? He wasn't a mere man. He was a fairy. This, too, provided conflict in her mind. How willing was she to accept that he was a fairy? At a height of six-nine, he challenged everything people believed about fairies, their tiny frames no bigger than your finger and their pixie language. No, he'd fully passed for a human, rain soaked and bothered, that night, and the image, the paradigm shift had burned its way into her mind, made the possibility truth. Indeed, she often felt mad for believing that Tracy was a fairy. It was a fanciful idea that sounded ludicrous out loud, and she found herself lying awake at night, simultaneously trying to convince herself that she wasn't mad and berating herself for ever believing in such a childish thing as fairies. Still, the thought remained lodged in her mind, or perhaps her heart, whichever was more of the dreamer, and she could feel those same dizzying butterflies in her chest every time she woke from one of her dreams. Rae would have gladly spent the rest of her life pretending, but reality got in the way. School was more than grueling, but add the stress of being turned down at almost every place of employment in Mesa, having to choose classes for next year, and the constant stress of feeling like one of the most important parts of your life didn't exist, and she hardly got any sleep as it was. Her only reprise in the week was Wednesday nights, when Jamie's naivety and youth was enough to take her mind off more pressing matters. Every week she'd babysit him while his mother worked the night shift at the office. They'd sit together and watch Disney movies, the old ones that most kids his age have never heard of, let alone seen. She'd cook diner for the two of them and then send him off to bed at eight – a whole half an hour past his bedtime! He was never ill-tempered or rebellious, and he loved when she didn't make him do things he didn't want to, like finish spaghetti or wear pants to bed, and that kept him docile. It was an agreement that Rae and his mother had worked out ages ago, but she'd never let on. As far as he knew, she was the fun babysitter. It was one of those Wednesday nights that Rae remembered best, even through the thin fog of sleep and time that makes the fantastic seem impossible, when Jamie came out of the bathroom, already clad head-to-toe in his pajamas, and mouth flecked with toothpaste foam. \"I lost another toof, Rae.\" He called down the hall, wiping his mouth on the back of his sleeve. She would have laughed; she thought it was adorable how he couldn't speak correctly with so many missing teeth. She usually did laugh, but this… She tried to contain her excitement, she tried to make it seem routine and that nothing was out of place, but when she ushered him upstairs to put his tooth under the pillow in a hushed frenzy, he asked her if she was okay. She smiled and lifted him onto the bed. \"You lost a tooth,\" she said. \"That means the tooth fairy comes. Isn't that something to be happy about?\" she asked, to a wide grin. He let his feet fly out from under him and landed on the bed with a bounce, checking once to make sure the tooth was still there before Rae, hands shaking, flicked the light switch and left him to sleep by the light of the night lamp. She sat in the living room, stunned at her luck. Jamie had lost most of his baby teeth already, and she'd never expected him to lose one on a Wednesday night with her in the house. She kept the room dark, with just enough light for her to draw by. The television remained off and the only sound was the quiet scratching of her pencil against the paper, and the pounding of her own heart in her ears. She was nervous, for some unspeakable reason. Perhaps it was because tonight was the night she faced reality, whatever it may be: he was real or he wasn't – the only way to tell was currently tucked snugly away under Jamie's pillow. She passed the time slowly, the knot in her chest tightening and her stomach squirming unpleasantly with every minute that passed. She was jittery and didn't want to sit still, but moving around too much, pacing and busying herself the way she wanted to, would wake Jamie, and it was already early in the morning. Her breath caught and her ears strained, the utter silence of the house almost painful. She thought back to months ago, when she'd found the note. It had been around midnight that he'd come, if not before. She feared a glance at the clock, knowing that it was well past three in the morning. Had she missed him? Had he been to the house, collected Jamie's tooth and she didn't even know it? She slipped from her spot on the couch, grabbing a dollar bill from her purse, knowing that there was all too real a possibility of the tooth still being there, and crept up the stairs. She cracked his door open, the gentle squeak making her cringe. He rarely closed his door, as he liked the extra bit of light that flooded in from downstairs, but it must have shut in the night, when the air kicked on. The doors in her own home did that frequently, and she refused to get her hopes up on something that was so common an occurrence. His room had changed in the few months since that night, as little boys were apt to do. In place of the tiny town area play rug that had covered the soft carpeting was now a giant baseball. It was an unpleasant reminder that Jamie was growing up fast, phasing out of some of childhood's simpler aspects, maturing in interest and execution. This rug was softer under her bare feet, but the feeling was lost along with most sensation in her extremities. She was concentrating so hard on making as little noise as possible, many things didn't register with her, like the soft glow of the new lamp light that made it harder to see, or the dull, hollow chiming from downstairs, marking the arrival of four o clock in the morning. Her hand slipped under his pillow, groping blindly – not for a tooth. She hoped against hope that she didn't find a tooth. She focused on the feeling, the memory of the soft, time-worn dollar bill brushing her fingers, the slick paper that still hung around her neck, the reminder that maybe, just maybe , she was right. Her heart pounded against her rib cage as she swore silently to herself, nearly elbow deep in the pillow. Her fingers brushed something and closed around it immediately, and she withdrew her hand slowly as to not wake Jamie. It sat neatly in the palm of her hand, the small ivory-colored tooth. She felt a lump rising in the back of her throat and a stinging heat behind her eyes. She placed the dollar under the pillow, numb, and clutched the tooth hard, reaching behind her neck as she made her way down the stairs to the kitchen. When she reached the foot of the stairs she bowed her hear and undid the clasp to the small locket, removing it from her person and wanting to chuck it in her bag the moment she got into the living room. She didn't know why she was so disappointed that he hadn't come – that he didn't exist, that he was a dream. A very real dream, by the way she remembered it, and there was still the slip of paper that she couldn't explain. Her chest hurt and she sighed heavily, looking up to place the locket in her bag. The chain slipped from her fingers. \"Perfect timing!\" She nearly screamed, startled by the sudden presence of the man, smiling and looking much happier than he had last time they'd met. She stared wide eyed at him and his smile gradually fell, a look of genuine concern dominating his features. He leaned forward slightly and tilted his head at her. \"Are you alright? Her expression changed slowly, brow creasing upward and her lips pressed into a hard line before she pitched forward, throwing her arms around his middle. He began to stagger away from her but found solid footing, quite taken aback. After a moment she drew back, wearing the biggest grin he'd ever seen on her. She held a fist out and dropped something in his palm, the tooth. He laughed. \"So you figured it out.\" He said. \"Didn't think you'd let yourself believe I was a Tooth Fairy , really, but… nicely done!\" he placed Jamie's tooth in a small clear plastic case that looked like it was made for jewelry and placed it back in his pants pocket. \"Well. Now that that's done, guess I ought to get back to Fairy. Hand in the tooth,\" he said, as if it were the most exciting thing in the world. To him, she realized, it probably was. Still, she couldn't help but feel another pang of somber loneliness shoot through her, something that happened frequently in these last few months. \"Wa-\" she stopped herself, immediately regretting opening her mouth. Tracy turned back to her, curious. \"Wa- what, luv?\" he asked. She hesitated for a moment. \"Wait.\" She answered. \"Don't go.\" Tracy smiled thinly. \"Have to. Got to get this back to the office, processed and labeled and all. It's all a big job, those who do it don't like to be kept.\" She swallowed hard and nodded slightly, almost imperceptibly. She didn't want him to go, but she wouldn't argue with him. A sad smile crept onto her lips. \"Thank you,\" she said, softly, his eyebrows arcing up on his forehead, \"For letting me… know. For letting me know you're here. A Tooth Fairy.\" She laughed. \"Not exactly normal for you to…\" she stopped, lowering her head and letting her hair fall in front of her face to hide the water that collected in droplets on her eyelashes. \"Bye, Tracy,\" she said, softly. He laughed, a loud, full noise that startled her, and took her by the wrist. \"Oh-ho no! Not getting off that easily! Saying \"bye,\" like you expect me to leave without you! Come on, Fairy's a big place! Lots to show you!\" And the look on her face only made his smile widen. \"Should warn you though. Taking you with me, travel's not going to be as quiet as it usually is. I suggest you, ah, get a good grip, there. Allright.\" With her firmly attached to his arm, her looked up, dragging her gaze with his, and she gasped at the swirling yellows and pinks and blues that seemed to cyclone into oblivion, falling from the ceiling and producing the most unearthly wind that howled in her ears, that stole her breath and she felt Tracy hold her closer, keeping her safe from the chaotic magic swirling around them, engulfing them and transporting them to – well, she didn't right know. His home, she supposed. Fairy. She closed her eyes against the barrage of color and light that grew in intensity with every passing moment. Solid ground left her feet and she clung tighter to him, burying her face in his shoulder and unwilling to look up for fear of the beautiful, terrible force whisking her away from her world. The wind soon died down, the ground solid beneath her feet, and she could feel Tracy's arms around her, his quiet voice asking her if she was okay, did she need to sit down? She peeked from against his arm, unsure of her surroundings or what to expect when she looked, but when she did, a tiny gasp escaped her lips. They stood in a hallway, at the end of which was a bustling lobby, with probably hundreds of fairies going about their day. Her eyes widened at the sight, at the sheer impossibility of it all, and Tracy laughed, taking her by the hand and leading her into the lobby. She was hesitant to follow, at first, but curiosity and wonder got the better of her and she allowed him to guide her carefully through the sea of wings. Despite her amazement at the place, she couldn't help but notice, just as he did, the strange looks that were exchanged, the whispers behind hands and the surprised gasps when she walked by. She stepped forward, closer to him, and he held her, whispering quietly that she needn't worry, to pay them no mind. \"It's not unusual for them to see a human. We bring them in all the time, when they owe service. It's just, by the time they get here they're usually in uniform. They're just a little startled to see you here, that's all.\" He explained, giving her hand a squeeze as two fairies in blue walked across their path, frowning at her and muttering beneath their breaths. She nodded at Tracy, telling him she understood, that she was okay and that she was still very much excited about being in Fairy Land with him. She was wide eyed as he brought her through the building, showing her room after room, sometimes lingering in the areas he knew better himself, ignoring any offhanded comments made about his companion. When confronted once about her presence, by a dour looking fairy with silvery blue wings, wearing a similar uniform as Tracy's, he merely smiled and held Rae closer, telling his fellow fairy that she was here on account of her sheer belief. \"Anyone who so readily believes in fairies, like she did, deserves a little confirmation, a nod of the head. A tour.\" The fairy, whose hair was pulled back in a tight bun, frowned deeper in response, grabbed a clipboard and a stack of papers from the receptionist and stalked off. Other parts of the building were off limits, with only so few allowed access. Not many fairies knew what lay beyond the west wing, and even fewer dared to break rank to find out. But he took her everywhere he could, showing her how Fairy ran and what was done with all the teeth. He told her that she was the first human to be told these things, how Fairy is kept alive by the magic, the belief of the children who place their teeth under the pillow at night. \"That magic latches onto the tooth, and we use them to keep this world alive.\" \"What happens if children stop believing?\" she asked quietly, fearful of the answer as they gazed down at the cesspool of magic below. Occasionally, a tooth would be added to the brew, disintegrating immediately to be assimilated into the mass of magic, a mesmerizing sight. \"Then Fairy Land stops existing.\" He said, the cheerful edge to his voice lessened, but still present. Rae vowed to teach her children, to make them believe as long as possible and, if they lost faith, to try to convince them that the wonderful stories she told them before bed were not fanciful myths, but memories . He thanked her, pulling her into a hug and feeling her shake beneath him. \"It's allright, though,\" he reassured her. \"Some departments weren't so lucky, because it's harder to believe. Things like Dragons, things we never see because they don't visit the human plane any more, they're gone. But you're not supposed to see Tooth Fairies. That's what will keep us here. Not seeing us only makes us more real, to children.\" They left the chamber, with its acrid magic-heavy air and bad thoughts, and he led her to the other side of the building, back to where the fairies gathered. He unbuttoned his cuffs as he held the door open for her, and she took a look around. \"This, this would be the break room. Best way to tell would be the words 'break room' on the glass of the door, there.\" He said, and she smiled and gave a little laugh, a pleasant change in demeanor from their previous stop. They sat down on the lounge, and she took a deep breath, closing her eyes and exhaling slowly. He rubbed a hand up and down the curve of her back as she yawned. He felt a pang of guilt as he realized he hadn't thought this through: Because he was a fairy, the magic in the air alone could keep him awake for days at a time, and often did. But she was unaffected by it, and he'd plucked her from the home at nearly four in the morning. It hadn't crossed his mind that she hadn't slept at all, hadn't crossed his mind that she was probably exhausted. The room as warm, if not a little bright, but she could feel her shoulders slump and her muscles relax. The room was comfortable and smelled of baked goods. She let her head fall to the side, her body arcing with it until she found something sturdy to support her. Tracy froze, unsure of what to do with her leaning against him. She was so small, and leaning rather uncomfortably against his shoulder, a feat only possibly by the fact that he was slouched over with his elbows at his knees. He shuffled underneath her and she shot up immediately, eyes flying open and a faint pink blossoming across her cheeks. \"I'm sorry, sorry, I-\" she laughed nervously, the blush deepening before another yawn broke the awkward silence. Tracy felt sorry for the poor girl. He hadn't had the intention of whisking her away and denying her the rest that her body needed. Sleep was often something that slipped his mind, and she hadn't seemed tired when he'd greeted her in the house. He tripped around his words, but figured they were both entitled a little embarrassment. \"N-no, no, not at all, you – are you tired? You look tired. Why – why don't you… come here?\" The words were out, and they hung heavily between the two as Rae stopped fidgeting and cast a worried glance his way. He gave a gentle tug on her arm. \"C'mere,\" he urged, and she eased herself back to rest against him once more. He used to corner of the seat as support and lay back as well, offering a more horizontal rest for her. \"There,\" he said, her weight on his chest unusual and pleasant at the same time. \"Right. You just have yourself a little nap, and then… then we'll go on when you're feeling better, yeah?\" She hummed in approval, already half asleep, one hand clutching at his vest and the other brushing against his neck, her cheek nuzzled into his chest. He could feel the heat creeping up his back and neck, burning its way to his cheeks and turning them a similar shade of pink. He smiled uncertainly at her affection and moved underneath her, placing a hand at the small of her back to keep her still. He closed his eyes after a moment, a strange smile creeping across his lips. It all ended very abruptly. Rae woke suddenly when Tracy jumped underneath her. Not having been asleep to begin with, he was well aware of who had entered the break room with the express purpose of finding him and him alone . She sputtered and choked back cries of surprise when he pushed her off of him, dazed and confused and before she could even wake up properly, he was prattling away to another woman who was standing before them. Had she been awake enough to care, she would have turned every shade of red for having been found lying atop him asleep, but as she was greeted with a stern voice, one that sounded absolutely livid , and Tracy's stuttering voice, her mind was pulled away from such matters as she began listening. \"Was she issued a summons?\" the woman asked, thought it was evident from her tone that she already knew the answer. Rae looked up at her, an older woman who was looking down at Tracy with the utmost contempt; her wings, cream with white feathers whisping the edges, were a pink at the base, a show of the anger that she hid so well in her features. \"W-well, well, no, not – not exactly, a – a uhm, a proper summons.\" \"Then she has no business being here.\" She scolded, \"What's more is that she's been exposed to our existence twice before. Who am I to assume is responsible for not following protocol? Humans who witness Fairies must be given a dose of Amnesia Dust , Tracy, you know that. And frankly I'm disappointed that you, of all people, would so blatantly disregard our rules.\" \"She – I know this sounds absurd but I figured I owed her, you see – she helped me, a while back, and-\" \"We do not owe the humans anything, Tracy.\" The woman spared her a quick glance, as if simultaneously embarrassed and irritated that she was now awake to witness the conversation. Rae placed a hand on his arm, and he looked over at her in a stupor. \"But I did.\" He protested. \"I was in a rut about how Main keeps messing up my assignments – they wouldn't let me out on a job, they kept cancelling them and handing them off to a – a winged fairy, like they kept second guessing my capability, even after I earned my wings,\" he said hotly, becoming more and more defensive. Rae kept a sturdy grip on his arm, trying to ground him and bring him out of his passion. \" She was the only one who showed me any bloody respect since Thompson left, and she helped me. I just wanted to thank her.\" \"For what?\" the woman asked. Tracy seemed at a loss for words. He sat there in front of his superior for a moment, trying to collect his thoughts. \"For… for letting me know that I didn't have to be a second-rate Tooth Fairy,\" he said, confidently. Rae smiled up at him. The woman's frown only deepened. \"Please elaborate.\" \"They kept taking me off my assignments and handing them off to other fairies. I was already halfway to the house by the time they'd call me off, so I just… I went and got the tooth anyway. And you know what? I got them, each and every one of them!\" The woman took a deep breath and tilted her chin up, looking at Tracy over the bridge of her nose. \"So you're responsible for the hiccups in the team quotas?\" Tracy's confident smile fell and the color left his face. \"Sorry. What?\" \"Dispatch has informed me that several teams have not been able to meet their quotas due to assignment misunderstandings. Are you responsible for this?\" The man blanched at her words, stuttering around his own. \"It's a simple 'yes' or 'no.' Are you responsible for the failed quotas?\" With her hands folded neatly in front of her, even Rae could tell that she was getting irritated quickly, if the deepening hue of her wings was no indication. \"Y-yes.\" He choked out. \"I don't know how… but I suppose I…\" \"Tracy, you don't seem to comprehend the severity of your actions. Failing to administer Amnesia Dust on two separate occasions, bringing a human to FairyLand without a summons – you're jeopardizing everything we have by exposing us. And to top it off, you've been disobeying Dispatch and have caused an auxiliary loss. These fairies were not on your Team, Tracy. They were collecting teeth for auxiliary magic. What are we to do now, in the face of catastrophe?\" Her companion was at a loss for words, unable to process how he'd messed up, unable to articulate that there must be some misunderstanding. \"Your wings, Tracy.\" He looked up at Lily as she held her hand out. His fingers trembled as he undid the pin, looking down to watch his own movements in disbelief. The muscles in his slender neck tensed as he fought the urge to react, to cry out in defense. Lily had the power to grant him the wings, and she held equal power to revoke them at a moment's notice. There was no question, no debate. Not with her. He rested the pin carefully in the palm of his superior's hand, watching her delicate fingers close around it. \"I suggest you take her home,\" Lily said sternly, casting a pointed glance at Rae. \"And begin rectifying your mistakes.\" Tracy's shoulders slumped and he stared blankly ahead as she left. His hands shook and his lips were pressed into a hard line, and it broke her heart to see him like this. She placed a tentative hand on his arm, and he barely responded, giving a startled jump, but otherwise paying no attention. \"Tracy,\" she said softly, hearing the crack in her own voice. \"Tracy, I'm so sorry, I-\" He stood suddenly, pulling her up with him and wrapping his arms around her. \"Think we ought to go home.\" He said, and hearing his voice, dull and monotonous and it hurt because she knew he was hurt. She felt tear welling up behind her eyes, \"Tracy, I'm sorry, I never -\" He hushed her, running a hand through her hair. \"S'not your fault.\" He said gently. \"Now, c'mon, before Lily gets mad at you, too.\" In the month between visits, Rae often found herself just wanting to be held, by him. The feeling of him holding her close was so comfortable, but so wrong . She let out a muffled cry and extended her arms, pushing away from him. He seemed to be in a stupor as she staggered back, free of his grip. \"What're you—Rae, Rae !\" She didn't listen. Her feet pounding the cool marble of the floor as she ran. She didn't hear him calling for her, and she wouldn't have turned back if she had. Other fairies in the halls stared as she ran through their ranks, whispering behind their hands and batting their wings in agitation. Another fairy caught her, clad in the same gray and blue uniform that Tracy wore, and she could feel the hot tears stinging her eyes as he grabbed her around the waist and she struggled. He was dark-haired and much shorter that Tracy, and he spoke first, calm despite her erratic movement. \"Calm down, now. Are you lost? How did you get here?\" he asked. She stopped moving, panting hard in his grip. \"Lily,\" she said, choking back tears. \"I need to talk to Lily.\" He seemed confused for a moment, and one of the other fairies gave him a hard jab in the ribs that set him back on track. \"Yeah. Okay.\" he said, guiding her through the sea of gossamer wings. \"I'm sure Lily will be interested to meet you. You're not a fairy, are you?\" She shook her head 'no' as they continued walking, silently memorizing the path from the break room to their destination. \"Didn't think so.\" He said thoughtfully. \"Don't look like one.\" Indeed she didn't. Despite the anatomy similarities, the ability for a human to pass as a wingless fairy and vice versa, her dress alone was enough to convince everyone in the room of her otherworldly origins. She wore a simple deep purple tee and a pair of gray jeans, whereas normal fairy garb consisted of a silk pajama-like outfit. Even to the wingless fairies, ones like Tracy and this man, who were dressed in the blue-gray suits, she looked as out of place as she was. She let him lead her through the halls, knowing she'd be hopelessly lost without a fairy guide. She only wished it were Tracy, and began regretting running from him, knowing that he was going to take her home and leave himself to clean up the mess she'd gotten him into. The entryway was large, much larger than any of the other doors in the building, an great arc that swept far above their heads and let out into a great office that was decorated with bookshelves, tables, chairs and a great glimmering desk in the middle of it all, facing the door. The woman, Lily sat at attention and watched the man escort her into the room, detaching and leaning over the desk to whisper to his superior about the situation, the girl's state and Lily just nodded, thanked him warmly and dismissed him, leaving Rae alone in the room with her. She stood there, cheeks burning with a feverish tinge from suppressing herself, her anxiety for Tracy and the intimidation of this fairy godmother, looking over her knowingly, knowing who she was, what she was, why she was there in the first place, and – undoubtedly – why Rae stood before her now. Lily offered the girl a seat, and she hovered awkwardly over it for a moment before accepting, folding her hands in her lap and sniffling. Both waited for the other to speak first. Lily took the initiative. \"I assume you're here on behalf of Tracy.\" She swallowed hard. \"Well…he doesn't know where I am, actually. Sort of…\" \"Ran off?\" Lily asked, and the girl nodded stiffly. \"Well, you're here now. Let me be the first to apologize for this whole ordeal,\" she said. This confused Rae, but she went on. \"Often, it takes your people a bit of time to adjust to us, to Fairy Land, and I'm sure you're more than flustered.\" Rae shook her head. \"It doesn't matter about me, just…please don't do this,\" she said, much to the woman's surprise. When she inquired what, Rae felt that familiar painful heat rising in the back of her throat; goading the feeling on was the memory of the despondent look on Tracy's face, that devastating shock and how hurt he was by what, to Lily, was the simple action of revoking his wings. \"Please, ma'am. He didn't know. It was… it was my fault, I told him to go… to go for it, knock'em dead and ignore the cancelled assignments, he just… he didn't know. And it doesn't make sense, because they were his assignments to begin with, and they were taken away before he could do anything because the people – fairies – the fairies at dispatch they – they didn't want him to be out there. They were his assignments…\" Rae choked on her words and stopped short, feeling a pinpoint of heat roll down her cheek. Lily's eyes widened. \"Please don't take his wings.\" She breathed. \"They're everything. He worked so hard. Please.\" Lily watched as Rae wiped the tears from her cheeks with the back of her sleeves. This young human girl was so concerned for Tracy, who, for all intents and purposes, was nothing short of a stranger. A stranger that had taken her from her home in the middle of the night, to boot. And yet here she was, broken over what had happened to him and convinced it was her doing. Lily ran a hand along the edge of the desk in thought, coming to a rest on the tray of small boxes. Rae paused for a beat and then continued. \"Do you know what it's like to be a wingless fairy?\" she asked, her voice low and dull. She stared at a blank spot at the front of Lily's desk. The woman stopped, taken aback by the question. \"Do you?\" Rae nodded and fought the pain in her throat. \"It's lonely.\" She managed. \"It's lonely and it's worse because people tell that you're not really but even the people like you – even the other wingless fairies, even they're different.\" Lily came to a stand still on the other side of the desk and folded her hands in front of her, listening at attention. \"And you just don't know what to do with yourself anymore because everything you do isn't good enough. Everything except what they want you to do. And he's – he's…\" she swallowed and pressed her lips together. \"He just doesn't deserve this.\" Lily stood, and beckoned for Rae to follow her, back through the halls and Rae held her breath, recognizing this as the path back to the break room. She wanted to run ahead of Lily and find Tracy and just hold him and tell him that everything would be okay, but she held her place, trailing faithfully behind the woman with the grand wings, Her heart was lodged in her throat at the thought that she, the maternal figure, the queen of the empire built, could easily break him further. She almost wanted to cry out, beg Lily to leave him be, but she didn't dare. She wrung her hands together and sniffled, stifling her tears as she'd learned to over the years. They came to the door, unmistakable for the words plastered across the glass in a fine print, and Lily held the door open. \"After you, I think,\" she said, and Rae wasted no time, rushing into the room to find Tracy still sitting there, bewildered. Seeing her, he rose and allowed her to throw her arms around his middle and hold him tightly, and he returned the gesture. \"Where…?\" Lily followed after, and when she entered the room, the man saw her and froze, drawing Rae in protectively. \"I – I was just taking her home, Lily. She-\" \"Ran off. So I've heard. She paid me a visit, as it happens, and we had a little chat.\" Rae took his trembling hands and he looked down, seeing her sympathetic smile. Lily went on. \"She's quite concerned for you, Tracy. Seems to think that it's her fault that I've taken your wings.\" Those words were salt in an open wound to him, and he suppressed the rising pain in his chest. \"It's not,\" he said solemnly, and he wanted her to know he meant it. He held her close and smoothed down her hair, kissing the crown of her head. \"It's not your fault.\" He said softly. She closed her eyes and leaned into him. They were given a moment before Lily continued. \"It's not hard to see that she cares about you, but this – the pure emotion for you, for what's happened. Somehow, she understands better than any of us , I think, how you feel.\" She reached into her blazer pocket and removed a small silver object, holding it tightly in her fist. \"Perhaps she doesn't quite understand magic as you and I do, Tracy, but she certainly has as much of it in her heart. She was quite literally moved to tears when your greatest achievement was taken from you, and her argument asides was convincing. Please accept my apologies for this misunderstanding. I'll talk to the dispatch team as soon as possible, because she's right: You have those wings for a reason. You're a Tooth Fairy, and they shouldn't be able to take that away from you.\" Lily looked down at Rae and smiled. \"I think, perhaps, you two ought to continue this conversation back on the human plane.\" Tracy's eyebrows arced up his forehead. \"You mean that?\" Lily merely smiles and turned to leave, looking back over her shoulder at the pair. \"Certain types of magic are not to be tampered with, Tracy. You never know.\" And with that, she left them. Tracy eased them back onto the couch, both needing a little time to collect themselves before heading back. She leaned against him and he held her, side by side, and he leaned down to kiss her cheek, holding her close, and she returned the gesture. \"Thank you,\" he whispered, letting her settle more comfortably against him. \"They're your wings.\" She mumbled into his chest. \"You earned them.\"[Chapter 3] Tracy fished his phone out of his pocket, pressing himself further into the bush. His phone line was supposed to be used in emergencies only, especially when he was on an assignment. His heart skipped a beat when he saw that Dispatch was on the other end. He accepted the call, holding it up to his ear and whispering harshly into the piece. \"What is it, mate, I'm right outside the window. Really you could not have picked a more inopportune moment-\" \"Tracy,\" he heard, and he recognized it as Lily's voice, which was unusual. \"There's been a change of plans. We've dispatched another fairy to take care of this assignment, but we need you back here. Something's come up.\" Tracy frowned. They were replacing him again . He fumed, biting back the urge to argue with her, and spoke bitterly into the phone. \"Isn't there anyone else who can-?\" \"Of course there is, Tracy,\" she said, and her voice was calm and understanding. She knew he would react badly to being called back from an assignment. \"But you ought to be the one to take care of it.\" He licked his lips and hissed into the mouthpiece. \"Fine. I'll be back soon as I get out of this bush.\" He pulled himself from the foliage, suit getting snagged and stuck on the twigs as he backed up. He wasn't particularly happy about being called back to Fairy again, but if Lily had found it so important as to make the call herself, then there was no question about where he needed to be. He stumbled out of the shrub with a mighty rustle of leaves, and almost immediately afterward, the light in the child's bedroom flicked on. Tracy swore under his breath and willed himself home, dissipating into thin air and arriving in the lobby of Fairy. Lily stood amongst the chaos, hands folded patiently in front of her as Tracy plucked a stray twig from his waistband. \"Glad to see you made it back in one piece,\" the woman said. \"I trust your time as a Tooth Fairy hasn't tarnished your astounding ability as a caseworker.\" \"Is that what this is about? You're putting me back on someone's case? Who is it this time? Some hard-headed father? Overzealous teacher? What?\" Tracy was not opposed to working a case – admittedly he was quite good at it. Better than he was at being a Tooth Fairy, but then again he'd only just started that job. He'd been a Caseworker Fairy for ages before that – he just found that, now that he was given a choice, he had hoped to leave the desk and the paperwork behind. After the incident with Dispatch (as it turned out, one prejudice fairy mucking up the whole system) he'd hoped to get on with his job, with no more interruptions. Clearly the universe had other plans. Lily led Tracy through the halls to the break room, where his new charge was waiting for him, or so he was told. Tracy wasn't mad , exactly, to be put back on as a caseworker. He knew, now, that he was trusted with the task, thought competent enough and recognized throughout the company as the Tooth Fairy that he was. But being assigned a case, after so long, was just… a surprise. He dreaded, actually, the process of meeting his new charge. More often than not they were surly fathers who had, in a fit of anger, told their child that there was no such thing as fairies, or had destroyed their innocent fantasies in some other manner, and in no way were those types of people happy to be in the situation they found themselves in after a summons, often taking it out on him. Lily led him over to a corner of the room; sitting in a single armchair with another caseworker fairy standing guard beside her was a younger girl, clad in the usual pink tutu uniform of a Tooth Fairy, a pair of lavender wings gracing her back. Tracy's breath caught and he moved towards the girl who looked up at him in bewilderment. Her fists clenched in her lap and she stood, her escort reaching for her to restrain her. It was unusual for charges to be given escorts, and Tracy imagined that she must have put up a struggle, something out of fear for the situation. It wasn't all that impossible that the place would terrify her, not now after she was issued a summons. He motioned for the man to stand down. He knew that she wasn't a threat, and he finally understood why he'd been called in for a case after nearly three years of work as a Tooth Fairy. He moved closer to her, pushing back her hair and cupping a hand to her jaw. With a snarl, she pushed him away, looking angry and appalled. He pressed his lips together and nodded curtly, turning back to Lily. \"I understand. I do.\" He said. \"And I accept. I'll help her.\" \"I don't need any help,\" she hissed. \"I need to get these ridiculous wings off and get home.\" Tracy looked back at Rae with unmistakable sadness in his eyes, and she seemed to be taken aback at his expression. \"That's where you're mistaken, my dear.\" He nodded at the fairy behind her and he went off, back to his office. \"If you'd come with me?\" He asked, gesturing for her to follow him. \"I'm not going with anyone until someone tells me what's going on.\" She said hotly, though with less conviction that her previous outbursts had. \"That's precisely what I intend to do, Rae.\" He answered gently, guiding her. She seemed shocked for a moment at the fact that he knew her name. He led her to an office – not his office, the one he'd worked in as a caseworker. It was the office of another fairy who wasn't in at the moment, but it would have to do. They sat down together, and the veil of anger, the rebellious attitude she'd held in the presence of the others fell away, revealing a weary, jittery girl. He felt bad for her, softened his voice and had her sit on the opposite side of the desk. \"You don't know where you are?\" he asked, and her gaze hardened and fell on him. \"No. 'Course you don't. Okay,\" he sat back in his chair, drawing one leg up to rest his ankle on his knee and folding his hands in front of him. \"Well we might as well start back at the beginning. This is Fairy Land. I'm sure you've gathered that, ladies and blokes running around with wings on their backs, your own.\" He gestured to the light purple wings now sprouting from her back. \"You're here because of something you've done. I apologize for my lack of knowledge on the situation. I'm not a Caseworker Fairy anymore, and this was rather sudden. At any length, you're here because you robbed a child of fantasy. Dissemination of Disbelief, that, and it's looked down upon here. Telling children that there's no such thing as magic, not a good thing to do.\" \"I didn't tell anyone there was no such thing as magic. I said there was no such thing as fairies.\" She folded her arms across her chest, leaning back and lifting her chin. \"A lie nonetheless, as you can see. Those wings on your back ought to be proof enough.\" he quipped. \"Now, the normal procedure would be to put you into flight training, gear you up and give you a week's Tooth Fairy duty. By that time, those who cross this path have seen the error of their ways, and everything's better, but I think we've got something a little more complex going on here with you.\" He planted both feet on the floor and leaned forward. \"You don't know anything about this place, about me?\" Rae frowned and shook her head exasperatedly. \"Why should I? This has got to be some… hallucination, or fever dream. This is mad.\" The last words had a certain force to them, but they came out hushed, not quite certain as she ran a finger over the tufts of feathers at the end of her wings, shivering slightly as she felt it, an extension of herself. He heaved a sigh. \"No reason. No reason. Well, there is a reason, but it's not… important, right now. Okay. Listen, because of your, ah, special history with Fairy – no, don't give me that look, just trust me on this – they're not making you undergo quite the same regiment as the others.\" \"Then what?\" she asked, quietly. \"No idea!\" he clapped his hands together, standing. \"We'll make it up as we go. To begin with, I suppose I could give you a, uhm… a tour of the compound? How's that sound? Get you used to the place. You've already seen the Lobby and the Break Room, so… what do you say?\" She nodded tentatively. Tracy could tell that she was scared and confused and angry. He smiled and reached out, offering her his hand and she took it, letting him lead her from the small office. He held her close, warmly and hoping it didn't seem like he was trying to restrain her. He wanted her to calm down and open up to him. He led her down the halls, retracing his steps from so long ago, when he'd shown her the compound the first time. He knew where they needed to be, but dreaded taking her back into the power plant. He knew how hurt she'd been last time he'd told her, and no part of him wanted to do that again, even if it meant helping her. Still, he held the door open for her, letting the electric chill of magic waft into the hall. She staggered back momentarily, ripping her hand from his and looking at him with wide, uncertain eyes. Gently, as to reassure her, he took her hand back and led her into the room. She shifted uncomfortably as they leaned together at the overlook and stared down at it, the massive vat of pastel magic, in one of its purest forms. Her hands, trembling, gripped the rail as she looked down, pale and wide eyes, at the swirling colors. Slowly, his voice low and stuttering, he related to her the purpose of the room, collecting teeth and what happens when children stop believing. A sideways glance told her that she was trembling, peering over the rail. He laid a hand on her shoulder. \"Are you okay?\" She swallowed hard and let out a shaky breath as tears began escaping, trickling slowly down her cheeks and he watched it with a strange curiosity as it lingered for a moment on the peak of her chin before falling, jumping from the relative safety of her body into the abyss before them, added to the powerful mass below them. Tracy watched its descent, leaning carefully over the railing to see. The magic swallowed the teardrops, the impact rippling the surface ever so slightly. Other than that, there was no reaction— The whole of the vortex below them surged a violent purple, cycling back through every color of the visible spectrum before settling back down, colors reverting to their usual cool pastels. His eyes widened and he shot back, dragging Rae with him as the room gave a might quake. It only lasted seconds, and things calmed down quickly, as if nothing had ever happened. Both leaned against the doorframe that served as the entrance to the room, bewildered and, to be fair, a little shaken. \"What was that?\" she asked, breathless. \"Does that usually happen?\" He stood straight and shook his head. \"Not that I know of.\" He took her by the hand and led them safely away from the room. Of course he knew what had just happened. Whether or not he was willing to share that knowledge with Rae yet was another matter all together. \"Come on.\" Tracy was becoming more and more concerned for Rae. It wasn't enough that she evidently had no recollection of her previous visit to FairyLand, but she was hurt and confused and so many other negative emotions. He wanted her to open up to him, to trust him enough to tell him what had happened, to her knowledge, to let him help her. They wouldn't make any progress if she distanced herself from him like this. They walked the length of the building, and he took her to the offices, showed her where the majority of the work in Fairy went on. Gigantic mailrooms with correspondences to every fairy employed, assignments and cases and odd jobs of all sorts, things that most people could never begin to imagine, and it was all coordinated by a specific team of fairies. She found this amazing, seemed to grasp how massive a scale they were working on, though he doubted she truly understood, not like she did last time. He was beginning to see why Lily had called him in. Of course, he'd seen it the moment he'd stepped foot in the Break Room, but now he could see so many more dimensions to their problem. Rae was not a dream killer. She was the girl who had believed in fairies for months with nothing but an old scrap of paper as proof. This was not normal for her, and he'd never expected to see her here under these circumstances. He would have to be careful or else he could end up dragging her further under. Still, Fairy was only so big, and he was so keen on gaining her trust. Every time he tried to bring it up, to strike conversation with her as to make progress, something would get in the way. Whether it was a stray phone call or another fairy intercepting them in the halls, asking Tracy to run something down somewhere or even just trying to make conversation, any distraction was too great of a distraction. The last thing he wanted was for it to seem to her like she wasn't priority. If there was one thing he'd learned about dream-killers, charges that were put under his care, it was that they felt out of place enough without being shoved to the side or made to feel like they weren't much cared for, especially the younger ones. While Rae was not particularly young, she was still a good deal younger than many of the humans that are summoned to FairyLand, and he had to be careful with her. Fairy was not the place to do this, to be gentle and understanding of her and – at the same time – acting as her outlet, trying to get her to share what was on her mind with him , a complete stranger. The thought struck him as a whim. Perhaps they didn't have to do this at Fairy. She was, after all, much more accustomed to the Human Plane, and that could quite possibly calm her nerves and let her relax around him. Despite the pair of wings on her back, she was still human. Perhaps, with his lack of wings and some familiar settings, things would seem more normal for her. He told her as much of the plan as he felt was necessary – \"Why don't we head back over the your world? Get some fresh air.\" – and whisked them both away from the chaos of the compound. The night was cool and crisp, and Rae shivered lightly, being only clad in tights and a tutu, neither of which provided much warmth. Tracy smiled slyly and unbuttoned his vest, draping it around her as they walked. It didn't quite fit with her wings in the way, nor did it provide much warmth, but it was enough to stop her shivers, and she smiled appreciatively, thanking him as she pulled it snug around her shoulders. The moon, glowing bright above them, lit their path in an old garden park. Rae didn't know where Tracy had taken them, but hadn't had the mind to ask. Her thoughts were on more pressing matters as they walked together in relative silence. As an extra measure of keeping her warm, as well as one final test of the waters between them, Tracy drew and arm around her, hugging her close to him as they went on. When she didn't pull away, instead leaning her head to the side to rest on his shoulder, he spoke, slowly at first. \"Remember how I told you this was all very sudden, and I didn't get a good idea of your situation before taking the case? Why don't you go ahead and tell me why it is, exactly, that you're here? Assuming you know, of course.\" Rae took a deep breath, calmed by the night air. \"I do. It's… well, a bit embarrassing, actually, in light of recent events.\" She laughed lightly. \"I won't judge. I just want to get a better understanding of what happened to you. People don't just get handed a summons for nothing, you know, and everyone's case is different. Met this bloke once, Derek Thompson. Yes, that Derek Thompson,\" he added, at the look on her face. \" Worst Tooth Fairy we ever saw. Turned out his dreams had been crushed, too. Took some work, that did, getting him back on the straight and narrow. That was his story. What's yours?\" Rae shook her head. \"I don't know.\" She muttered. \"I mean, I know what I did wrong, and I did it because I was just… angry. But I don't know why I was angry. I'm angry all the time, lately.\" \"You don't seem angry now,\" Tracy pointed out, and she laughed. \"Well count yourself lucky for that. I… I don't know. I had a bad day, I guess, and when I ended up at my friend's house, we were trying to do homework, an important project for school, and her little sister wouldn't leave us alone about playing fairies. I just… lost it.\" She let out a forced laugh. \"Broke the project, too. \"Did you.\" She nodded, sighing. \"I don't know why I did that, any of it. I've just… never been so angry before, my whole life. None of it makes sense, now that I'm thinking about it.\" \"No case ever makes sense at first,\" he said. \"Because rarely do we just get someone who's genuinely terrible. They're just broken, sometimes, and we have to fix them.\" There was silence between them, space filled by the constant chirping of the crickets and night bugs, as she contemplated this. \"Am I broken?\" she asked. Tracy took a deep breath, trying to hug her tighter. \"Yes.\" He said solemnly. \"But it's nothing that can't be fixed. And then you'll be tip-top, like nothing ever happened.\" Perhaps that wasn't what she wanted to hear, that she was broken . Who ever did? But it was important that she know that something had happened to her, something had changed her and that he was going to be there for her until everything was put right. \"And you can make me feel… better?\" He nodded as they rounded into the garden, and he had an idea, something to calm her nerves after the stress of being whisked away from her home in the middle of the night, being pressured and confused and unsure of what she had once thought was truth. Being brought to FairyLand was shocking for any human, even her, the first time she'd come, but the added shock of discovering that fairies not only existed, but survived as a whole other race, a civilization not unlike their own and they weren't too different from humans, was enough to stress anyone out. He led them into the middle of the garden, which was richly blooming and decorated with small stone statues that guarded certain plants of played within the bushes. \"I think this is a good spot,\" he said. \"Go on, lie down.\" \"Are you sure this is safe? I've got wings , what if someone sees me, I can't-\" Tracy grabbed her hand and pulled her closer. \"You're safe with me. I won't let anything happen, allright? Lie down,\" he sat on the grass and she followed. They lay in opposite directions, cheek to cheek and he reached over his head for her hand. \"A long time ago, you made me a promise,\" he said quietly, over the din of the crickets. \"I only met you yesterday,\" she said, a hint of amusement creeping into her voice. This was a positive sign. Still, her words, her clear disbelief hurt terribly somewhere deep inside of him. \"A long time ago,\" he repeated, \"In a dream, if you fancy. But it was you and you made me a promise. Do you remember what that promise was?\" \"I'm sorry, I don't.\" she said softly. He could hear it in her voice, that she felt bad for not remembering something that was clearly so important to him. \"S'allright. I'll tell you: You promised me that you would always believe in fairies. You vowed that you'd teach your children, and keep them believing for as long as they would. And when they stopped believing, you'd tell your secret, that all the stories of fairies you told them before bed, of a human in Fairyland, they weren't just stories. You'd let them know they were memories , and you'd help them believe, too. But there's something I just can't figure out,\" he finished thoughtfully. \"What's that?\" \"Why you stopped believing.\" He felt Rae shift next to him. \"Tracy,\" she said, her voice thick. \"This is going to sound… mad – though, a few hours ago, so did the thought of fairies . But… I'm scared.\" \"What about, luv?\" he asked, gently, turning his head slightly to face her better. He didn't want her to be scared. He could see her lips tremble as she took a breath. \"I don't know,\" she said, finally. \"Everything? FairyLand, and – and you .\" \"Me?\" He propped himself up on an elbow, turning to face her completely. \"Oh, no, Rae… I'm not… I'd never hurt you, you don't have to be… afraid . Ever.\" She looked up at him, not moving. \"I know,\" she said, swallowing. \"But I've just got this… feeling . I don't know what it is, and with you it… it hurts.\" She choked. He sat up, drawing his lanky legs to his chest and turning himself around to lay the same direction as she was, drawing her in and propping her head against his chest. \"Oh, Rae,\" he breathed, pressing his mouth to the crown of her head. \"You don't know the half of it.\" Her breath hitched every so often when she spoke, and he could tell this was hard for her. \"I – I don't even know why , but I just know that it hurts , and it's been like this for almost three years. I can't remember why, but it hurts, like… like…\" \"Rae, tell me something.\" Tracy, asked, furrowing his brow and holding the poor girl to him. \"Have you ever been in love?\" She sniffled against him, rubbing at her cheek with the back of her palm. \"I – I don't think so,\" she muttered, her voice cracking. He rubbed a hand up and down her shoulder, trying to calm her. Perhaps they were getting closer to righting everything that had gone wrong. His heart was heavy in his chest with fear. \"Have you ever had your heart broken?\" She nodded, screwing her face up and burying it in his chest and clinging to him. \"How?\" He asked, \"How could you have had your heart broken, if you were never in love? Something's not right here. This is what went wrong, isn't it?\" his voice was gentle. He was sure she would have no idea what he was talking about, but it was all slowly making sense. Tracy could almost hear Lily's voice in the back of his head. \" Certain types of magic are not to be tampered with, Tracy. You never know. \" The way her tears had caused a surge in the pool of magic had been terrifying and almost impossible all at the same time. He knew what could cause something so strong – it had to be stronger than the magic itself. A stronger magic; magic in its purest form. \"Rae,\" he said, his throat constricting, trying to stop him from going on. \"I think you have. You have been in love.\" She shook her head against him. \"No, Tracy, I haven't.\" \"I'm going out on a limb here, bear with me. Love is…\" he trailed off, fishing for the correct word. \"Mysterious.\" Rae laughed weakly into his chest. \"No, no! It really is. It does funny things to the mind… Sometimes, those things aren't always good things, y'see? Sometimes, if something goes wrong, Love tries to correct itself. It tries to cover up that anything went wrong. I think you have been in love, and that's why you're so hurt. Love is magic , Rae. The oldest magic there is. Pure and stronger than anything we can extract from a tooth. That's why the pool surged, earlier, I think. It was just a few tears, so nothing to sustain the reaction, but you saw it clear as I did.\" She calmed against him, at his touch. \"I think I'd remember being in love, Tracy.\" \"Not if you were hurt. Not if you were so hurt, more than anything you feel now, that it became too much . You loved too much and it hurt you.\" \"I can't imagine anything hurting more than this,\" she said. \"It's like I've been living in a fog for nearly three years. Nothing makes sense anymore and everything hurts. Little, stupid things like my friend's sister going on about fairies. Which,\" she laughed weakly. \"Which I'm thoroughly convinced exist, by the way.\" He thanked her. \"Don't you worry,\" he said softly, holding her closer. \"It won't be like that for much longer. You'll see.\" She sighed, pushing the hair from her eyes and laying her head back to look up at him. \"I sure hope you're right.\" He hushed her, running a hand through her hair. \"I promise, it won't.\" \"I hope you're better at keeping promises than I am,\" she said, closing her eyes and pressing her cheek against his chest. After a minute or so, her breathing evened out and he knew she was asleep. He was sick with worry, now. She was acting very unusually, except that he understood it perfectly. She had fallen in love, very deeply in love, three years ago. With him. His heart hammered against his ribs and he feared it would wake her, the sound was so loud. The situation made perfect sense, now. It hadn't then, when it truly mattered, when he was so close to her – close enough to inspire a spark of magic in her that took control, bloomed and grew and became passion. He slid out from under her, slowly and carefully as he was trained to, and scooted to the side, sitting up and placing his hands firmly on the earth behind him, trying to stop the world from spinning. She lay peacefully in the long grass, the blades framing her form, sprawled and lonely, now, her wings flattened beneath her. How long had it been since they last saw each other? Well over two years. Things had gone swimmingly at first; he dropped into her bedroom after everyone but she was asleep, and they'd always just talk. Sometimes he'd teach her things about fairies and Fairy Land, sometimes she's teach him things about any number of subjects. Fairies very rarely had any formal education that wasn't part of the Tooth Fairy Training Academy's curriculum – one could imagine what was included under that – and often what Rae had to offer him, even as trivial as she found it, was a wonder to him. Most of what she taught him was about humans or the human plane, something he thought he would know more about considering Tooth Fairies work there. It was all very interesting, and they had many good nights together, but once school ended and she was shipped off to camp, boarding with others in the same room, he couldn't very well visit her like he used to. When she returned two months later, he went to her one night and apologized, said he couldn't stay, Dispatch was calling assignment after assignment and how exciting was that? She'd given him a quick hug and off he'd gone, not thinking it of any major consequence. Finally the onslaught of assignments died down enough for him to visit her again. When he arrived at her bedroom window, peering carefully in to make sure there was no one in the room with her, he saw her fast asleep in bed, and decided to leave her be. And so went the nights after, every night, every time he came to her window, she was turned with her back to him, sleeping soundly, and he hadn't the heart to wake her. He figured he'd catch her soon enough, but the time went on and there she was, never stirring from her sleep or straying from the schedule, laying herself to bed so early in the night, far before he had the chance to get to her house, what with the assignments that took place regularly. When the assignments picked up again shortly after Halloween – they always did – he found him going to her house less and less, the fleeting visits becoming infrequent and, after so long, stopping all together. He wiped absently at his face, sitting up and slinging his arms over his knees. Suddenly, he found himself wondering if she were truly asleep all those nights he found her lying in bed. Had she been waiting for him, wide awake and expecting him to visit? Or had the months they hadn't seen each other, between her camp and his work, done the deed? No doubt that was a contributing factor to this whole mess. She'd loved him. The thought played over and over again in his mind, distressing him greatly, more so by the accompanying thought that he'd broken her heart , taken from her that which, in its absence, had crippled her, cast a cloud over her mind to help her recover, and still hurt her. He'd never wanted to hurt her. He gave a quick glance her way. How was he going to explain this to her? He sighed and rocked her shoulder gently, waking her from her spot on the ground. She hummed in confusion and looked up at him. \"Are you okay?\" she asked, and he helped her up to her feet. He knew she could tell something was troubling him, and there was no sense in denying it. If he'd learned one thing about her in those months before everything had gone wrong, it was that she was persistent. \"Let's go back to Fairy,\" he said, \"and we'll talk about it there, over a cuppa tea. How's that sound?\" She could hear the distress in his voice, and she grabbed his hands, nodding silently and letting him bring them back to FairyLand. The break room was nearly empty, and he was grateful for that, as they sat down at a small table, opposite each other and he could see the genuine concern in her eyes, mere remnants of the compassion she used to have for him, he recognized that now, and he prayed she wouldn't misunderstand him. With two steaming cups before them, his shaky hands bringing one repeatedly to his lips to take quick, nervous sips, she was patient with him, letting him collect his thoughts and figure out how he wanted to go about this. \"Okay. This is all going to take some explaining, I'm sure, but I need you to trust me on this. Rae?\" he looked up at her, eyes wide and well awake. She nodded, egging him on gently. \"I trust you. I do.\" He took a deep breath. \"I'll start from the beginning, then. Like I told you before, Love is the oldest, strongest, purest magic out there. It can… consume you whole and you'll never even know it. You say you've never fallen in love, but you've had your heart broken, right? But the thing is, you can't have the latter without the former. So, one is to assume that you have fallen in love, which isn't all that impossible. Sometimes, if the heartbreak is bad enough, you'll… forget what caused it. It's your way of trying to feel better, but it doesn't always work. I think that's what you're feeling now.\" She nodded slowly. \"Okay… that makes sense. So I loved someone?\" \"Not loved. Not past tense. You still do, I think. That's why did didn't work.\" His hands fidgeted incessantly on the table and he swallowed hard. \"You met me… some time ago, at a bus stop, and we spent some of the night together. I came back a few months later and I took you here, I showed you around and you… Things went wrong, for me, and you made everything right. I took you home, then and we said we'd keep in touch, but… things didn't work out. Do you see where I'm going with this?\" Rae blinked slowly, staring into her cup and shook her head. Tracy set his cup down, shaking. \"It's usually not this bad, you know. It happens to everyone who has their heart broken. Or else how would they move on? But you… you're special, because of all the magic involved here. You didn't just fall in love with anyone . You… you fell in love with a fairy,\" he said quietly. \"With you.\" The words came from her lips in a very matter-of-fact manner, inquisitive and not harsh or judgmental. He sighed and nodded. \"Now, I can make everything better again. I can, but it's going to be difficult at first, for you. For both of us, really. Again… I need you to trust me.\" Rae didn't answer for a moment, still trying to understand how she felt about the story he'd just given her. Some part of her screamed that she wouldn't have forgotten being in love, but another part of her, mere hours ago, had been so convinced that fairies were nothing but the stuff of children's stories. Tracy got up and rounded the table to be next to her, pulling her from her seat so that they stood together. She placed one hand on the rim of the table and left the other limp at her side as he reached up and pushed her hair back, cupping her face in both hands and lifting her chin slightly. Before he could second guess his plan or she could start to feel awkward in his grip, he bent his head, held his breath and planted his mouth against hers. She gave a muffled cry and broke his hold on her, staggering back and nearly knocking her chair over in the process, looking up at him in shock. He felt the heat rising quickly, burning his neck and cheeks and turning them a deep red. \"What-?\" she gasped, wide eyes and he could see her understanding. Her mouth fell slack and her expression softened, tears welling up in her eyes. He reached out, trying to calm her, but she shook her head, sitting down and shaking. He moved closer to her, slowly and unsure. \"Rae…\" he placed a hand on her shoulder, wanting to make sure she was okay with contact. When she didn't flinch, he embraced her. \"I'm sorry, Rae.\" He said softly. \"I didn't mean to…\" She buried her face in her hands and let out a muffled sob. He couldn't imagine what this was like for her, to suddenly be faced with the fact that she'd been hurt by someone she loved, someone she'd trusted. He held her tighter and didn't let go, the knot of uncertainty in his chest tightening as well. Things would not go well for them, there was no arguing that. She was broken, still, but this was only the first step to fixing her. Tracy gasped as she stood, shaking him off, muttering an apology and running off, leaving him in the Break Room to worry over the night's events. Contrary to what many humans believed, a True Love's Kiss only woke; it did not make things better. He felt like going after her would only be counter productive. She needed time to collect herself and, obviously, that meant without him. He sat back down, in the seat that she had just vacated, and folded his arms on the table, putting his head down. This was one hell of a case. Rae stood in the magic-chilled room, the light of the swirling mass casting shadows and highlights across her face as she stared down into its depths. Her body shook and she felt as if her knees would give out beneath her. She supported herself against the railing and sniffled, remembering, now, the promise she'd made Tracy nearly three years ago. She was sick at the thought of how thoroughly she'd broken that promise, and she tried to figure out how to fix the mistakes she'd made since those lonely nights laying awake, waiting for him when he'd never come for her. Now that she remembered, things fell into place. She understood why she'd felt the way she had, she understood why things had happened when they did, and she understood what had gone wrong. It was the nights that she spent waiting for him that did it, that weakened her resolve, her faith, and made her vulnerable to ugly heartbreak. She'd convinced herself that he'd forgotten about her, that he wasn't coming back, when in reality it had all been a misunderstanding between them. He hadn't meant to hurt her, she knew that. He'd told her that he would never hurt her, that she would never have to be afraid, but she was . Rae sniffled and wiped the tears from her cheek before they could plummet into the abyss and cause another reaction in the vat. She wasn't afraid of him, anymore. She wasn't afraid of FairyLand. Those fears had been brought on by the memories that she couldn't access, the shroud that had been draped over her mind by magic. Those fears were because of what had happened three years ago. This fear was new. This was a fear of what was to come. She wasn't mad at him. How could she be? She loved him. She remained in the power plant, sniffling and folded in on herself for some time. Other fairies passed by, not wanting to bother her. On any normal circumstance, she was sure they would have kicked her out, told her that she wasn't supposed to be in the room, but she was clearly a mess, and they didn't need to add insult to injury. One stayed for a moment or two, offering her condolences and a small box of tissues, which Rae accepted gratefully, sitting with her back against the rail and wiping stray tears away in the dim, colorful light of the room. She dreaded going back out there to face Tracy, but at the same time she just wanted him to hold her, to make her feel better as he inevitably did, and she was forced to make the decision of which one she wanted more. She could hole herself up in this room until Lily decided to send her home without any further interaction from any fairies. Rae didn't know if that was the better choice. Would that make her feel better, to go home and never look back, to never have to wonder about fairies or magic ever again? Or would it put her right back into that unbearable fog? On the other side of that coin, there was that intense longing, the loneliness that she now felt, tenfold from what it was before. After some time, she gathered herself and exited the power plant, leaving the electric chill of magic behind and emerging into the main lobby. The place was swarming with fairies, going about their business. She felt as if she blended into the sea of tutus and silk, but he stood out, taller than the rest and able to be spotted easily. She almost shrunk back, not wanting to be seen right away, but the sea of fairies parted, almost on cue, and he looked right at her. Tracy had looked up to the sound of the doors swinging shut. Rae stood on the other side of the room, obscured by the mass amounts of other fairies. He could see, even from this distance, that her cheeks were tearstained, eyes behind her glasses wide and watery. But when she spotted him, she smiled. It wasn't an overly excited smile – he imagined that he was the last person she'd be excited to see at the moment – but just a little one, to let him know she was okay. He stood in the middle of the lobby and looked directly at her, nodding, his head tilted slightly to one side. It wasn't a confirmation of her smile, but more of a question. Are you sure ? She took a long, trembling breath and nodded in response. An affirmation. She'd taken time to herself to sort out her feelings and come to terms with what had happened. She was better now, and she was more than ready to face him, because more than anything, she just wanted to be held. She wasn't sad or lonely or angry anymore, but there was still that gnawing uncertainty in her chest. Where do they go from here? he wondered as they moved towards each other through the droves of fairies. Well. He supposed they would figure that out now, didn't he? They came closer and didn't stop until she was in his arms – it was rather startling for both of them, that they would connect so immediately, but it was a good sign. It meant that things were okay, or at least better. Neither was so hurt as to spurn the other, and the way that she wrapped her arms around his middle and buried her face in his chest, the way the he ducked his head and held her close, was more than enough reconciliation between them. They stood there, in the main lobby with dozens of fairies swarming around them, and she backed up, looking up at him and she smiled. Her eyes were still watery from the night's events, but it was a genuine smile, and it was returned in earnest. Things were going to be okay. Rae pushed herself up, heels lifting off of the ground and leaning against him for support, slinging her arms over his shoulders, around his neck in a sort of embrace, and he bowed his head, bringing them nose-to-nose. They closed their eyes against one another and he hummed in gentle approval, the noise vibrating between them, from his chest to hers. He wrapped his arms around her middle, holding her to him as smiles spread across their lips. \"I'm glad you're okay.\" He muttered. \"Really, I am, and I'm so sorry.\" It was a quick action, an idea that had flit through her mind and she acted without thinking. The moment the idea presented itself to her, it seemed brilliant, a reciprocation of his actions earlier, and she tilted her head back, chin up, bringing her mouth to his. His eyes flew open at the unexpected contact, but he didn't break away. He let her remain there, with her lips pressed gently against his. Somewhere in the back of his mind, past the shock of the moment, was a rising warmth that came from his deepest core, banishing any uncertainty he had about this kiss, and he realized how good it felt, to have someone care about him so thoroughly, to really love him, without looking upon him with pity or prejudice because of who he was. He realized how good it felt to have her back. He tilted his head, leaning into her and smiling against her mouth, moving one hand to support the back of her head and the other to the small of her back, pulling her in closer. He liked this, and as the heat spread through his body and he leaned into her, he understood that there was nothing to be worried about, now that she was herself again, because Rae, this Rae, the one who cared for him and loved him, was the girl that he loved. And he swore, in that kiss, that he'd never let her forget that, ever again.[Chapter 4] The last few days had been wonderful, magical in every sense of the word as she served out her sentence in FairyLand, recovering from the years of magic that had ravaged her mind. It had been a recuperative process, with special-ops fairies dispatched to clean up the mess left behind. Despite the discovery of what had happened to her, between her and Tracy and despite having him there now, there were still pangs of loneliness, the crippling sadness and the utter fear, when he left her alone in a room, that she would never see him again. The magic shrouded over her mind was like a disease, mostly dispelled now but no where near gone. He rarely left her side, as it was. Lily had granted him time off from work to remain with her; that was what would help her recover, they all knew, was being constantly reassured that he was there, that he wasn't going to suddenly disappear from her life like he had last time. They passed the nights together, though unable to leave Fairy's emergency ward – it was relatively empty. No one stayed long term when they did show up, and Rae and Tracy had their privacy. She tried to convince herself that she would be okay to pass the nights alone, she tried to convince him that he didn't have to stay with her constantly, she was sure he was getting tired of being cooped up in the ward, but he would have none of it. He could see it in her, he knew she needed him there and what price was remaining in one room for a week, when its rewards reaped were having Rae get better? She was visited regularly by the nurse, who administered her herbs she'd never heard of and took records of things that hardly mattered. Tracy had explained to her that Fairy medicine was much different from human medicine for the simple fact that magic illnesses, such as the magic that had taken her, was untreatable by human ways. \"See, it doesn't have any outward signs,\" he told her, \"Like a fever, you get hot and flushed, that won't happen. There're subtle clues, though, that can be overlooked as normal behavior unless you know what to look for.\" He nodded to her hands, clasped tightly in her lap and wringing incessantly. \"Like that. See? You're nervous. You don't even realize it, do you?\" he asked, holding her close. His contact calmed her. \"Please don't go.\" She choked, leaning against him. He chuckled faintly and smiled, telling her that he wasn't going anywhere. \"Good. Can we just… stay like this forever?\" she asked, smiling gently. He hummed, the sound dissolving into a \"Well…\" Rae sat up straight and looked at him, eyed wide. \"You know… you know you can't stay here. Once you're better, once your week is up, those wings will disappear, and then…\" \"I have to go home,\" she whispered, in shock. Still, a small part of her had expected this, the dream to end. She twisted her fingers together without realizing she was fidgeting again, a nervous habit she'd built in the last three years. She shook her head. \"I don't want to,\" she said quietly. \"I don't want to forget again. I don't want to go back to – to-\" He took her hands, stopping the fidgeting before he pulled her in, cradling her against him and rocking her gently back and forth. \"No.\" he said, simply. \"You won't. Because I love you, and I'm going to make sure it doesn't happen ever again, my Honeybee.\" Rae gasped, a barely audible noise that made him smile. \"Wh-what? I showed you that song… three…\" she trailed off and looked up at him to see the broad smile spread across his face. Gradually, her surprised melted and a similar smile crept onto her lips as she tiled her head to rest on his shoulder. After five days of being in the ward, she was allowed to wander around Fairy with Tracy as her guide to keep her out of trouble. Despite her extensive experience and exposure to fairies, she was still human and hardly trusted alone in the building. A small part of her was grateful for their caution, as it meant that Tracy remained with her. They didn't have to ask twice. When he had told Rae that love works in mysterious ways, he had meant it. He'd known the girl for three years – granted, he wasn't around for most of that time, but he'd still known her, had her in his thoughts and memories – and he knew he'd cared about her, but it wasn't until he'd seen her so broken and hurt that he realized how much . Tracy loved her, more than he'd loved anyone of his own, more than he'd loved any fairy , and that's what scared him the most. There were stories about magical beings that fell in love with humans. They were terrible stories that almost always ended in heartbreak, and he would never wish that upon anyone, especially her. But they'd conquered that hurdle once, they knew better now and he swore to himself – and her – that they would make this work. He happily stayed by her side, caught in the same illusion that she was, at least for the moment. As long as they were together in FairyLand, nothing could go wrong. He dreaded the day that she'd have to go home, and he knew she did too. But he merely smiled and reassured her, because it was so important that she believe they were going to be okay. They had a week at most, enough time, the nurse thought, for her to recover enough to go home. But now, just the thought of doing so made her want to cry. She loved being with him. She was tired of feeling sad and lonely and angry all the time, and he made her feel better . She didn't want to leave, but even she knew that there would soon - very soon – come a time where they'd have to part again, even if it wasn't permanent, as she'd thought the last time they'd taken to their respective worlds. But for now, the days passed, and they passed them together. It was that day, Tracy knew. He wasn't sure if she did or not, but she seemed indifferent for the majority of the day. At present, he sat across from her, and they chatted easily with one another in the bright sunlit break room. The same two-seated table that he'd had her sit at when he'd brought her back from the garden. A part of him was uncertain if it was a good idea to bring her back into the break room, but he knew that she shared the same memories of this room, the cat nap on the couch and settling themselves after one of the most shocking days either of them had ever had. Maybe, even, somewhere in her mind, she cherished the memory of that first kiss as well, however preformed out of necessity it may have been, and maybe she was more okay with the room than he thought. She certainly seemed it, laughing with him and smiling broadly, his hand placed over hers as they discussed where they were going to go from there. Between his erratic work schedule and her schooling, camp in the summer, it was difficult coming up with a workable time and place where they could meet, but he promised her, over and over, whenever they hit a snag in their planning, that he would not leave her like he had last time. He leaned over the table to brush the hair from her eyes, but stopped, hand extended and stopping just above her ear. She reached up and grabbed his hand, looking concerned for the worried expression that his features had warped themselves into. \"What?\" she asked, voice hushed. He swallowed hard and his eyes flickered to hers, gaze having been locked on something over her shoulder. \"Are you going to be allright?\" he asked. She frowned. \"What do you… what?\" she huffed, a familiar anxiety rising in her chest. The way he was acting unsettled her. \"Rae…\" he started, pulling his hand from hers and completing the motion of pushing her hair back. \"Your wings.\" Rae gasped, craning her neck and peering over her shoulder at the violet gossamer on her back. They were rippling, fading in and out like a mirage and unable to keep stable for more than a few seconds before rippling again. He guided her gaze back to him. \"Rae,\" he said, his voice calm and gentle. He didn't want her to be alarmed, there was nothing to worry about. \"Ready to go home?\" She grabbed his hand and pressed her lips together, shaking her head. \"Not yet, please.\" She whispered. Tracy didn't remove himself from her grip, but watched as her wings – unnatural, a work of magic – ripples and tried to reform, splaying into dusty magic once before disintegrating all together, the spell's energy spent and fading. Her clothes began to change; the silk tutu she wore fell away in the pink dust of magic, revealing a pair of cotton pajama pants and a white tank top. She closed her eyes and breathed deeply as he helped her up, her fingers trembling, itching to fidget, but she repressed the urge and clung tightly to him instead. He moved closer, wrapping his arms around her and holding her to him as the magic swirled around them, the deafening roar of wind and the sting of raw magic, like sand flying against the bare skin. He sheltered and comforted her, and her trembling died down with the wind when they stood in her bedroom. All was still, almost irregularly so, eerie in its atmosphere, though her could hear clatter downstairs. Almost as if waking from a dream, Rae gasped. \"Mom and dad,\" she breathed. \"What are they going to think? I've been gone for a – for a week, how am I going to-\" He hushed her, easing her onto her bed and sitting next to her. \"We've taken care of that, too. Special operation fairies came in here this morning. Right now your mam and dad think you're up here asleep, sick.\" She swallowed and let out a shaky breath. \"I might be.\" She admitted, wearily. \"Oh,\" he hushed her. \"Now, you know… I don't have to be back to work until tomorrow. Lily's been very understanding about this whole ordeal. I think she's pleased with you\" He kissed the top of her head, and she leaned into him. \"It's not often we get a human your age who believes, or even so much as cares for that matter. \"Please stay.\" She implored. \"I'd love to.\" Tracy pushed her away, palm braced against her shoulder, and laid her down, watching her stretch her legs out across the length of the bed, and he followed, lying next to her, her cheek at his shoulder and his arm around her, holding her firm. Rae had never been so happy before, so content to just lie there and be held. His arms around her was a comfort that she knew would never grow old, as she snuggled into his chest. One hand stroked mindlessly at her hair. A deep hum emanated from his throat, resonating through the both of them. He would make a practice of this, laying with her, lulling her to sleep and following soon after, himself. It was such a nice change from the high-energy atmosphere of FairyLand, to be able to lie down and sleep without any false energy coursing through his veins, to be able to fall asleep next to Rae. His voice came out shakily at first, bogged down by a welcomed fatigue, as he stroked her hair. \"Set me free, my… honey-bee… hon-ey…bee…\" he crooned, closing his eyes. Together, as always, they drifted off to sleep – the first proper sleep Tracy had in weeks – cozy and pressed up against one another. She woke up, took a deep breath and opened her eyes. He was lying in front of her, face mere inches away, glasses askew and slipping down the bridge of his nose. She smiled and reached up to gently ease them off. Slowly, as to not wake him, and she placed them on the space of pillow above her head, then nuzzled into the crook of his neck, content to lay there with him until he awoke. She knew he was exhausted. He'd told her about the adrenaline effects of magic, how sometimes he didn't sleep for a month or more, and she was more than happy to let him sleep – so long as she was with him, she was happy. Eventually, though, he began stirring, pawing at his face irritably as he came to before opening his eyes halfway, smiling down at her and pulling her closer to him, sighing happily and she giggled. \"Waking up to you,\" he mumbled sleepily, resting his chin atop her head. \"I like that.\" They lay there for a moment, concentrating on nothing but each other, before Rae sat up abruptly, Tracy following. His hand blanketed hers as he asked her what was wrong. \"Nothing,\" she said, honestly. \"Nothing is.\" And a wide grin erupted onto her features. It took Tracy a moment to understand, but it clicked when she stood from the bed and opened the door a crack to peer out into the hallway. She'd fallen asleep. Despite having been in his arms the entire time, she'd been unconscious, vulnerable, and able to be left there on a whim and not even know it. This was the first sleep that she passed where, upon waking, she hadn't cried out for him. This was the turnaround. He smiled sadly and stood from the bed, stretching his legs and walking over to her, pushing the door shut gently and resting his weight against it as he bent over, one hand cupping her cheek, and he kissed her, lingering for a moment afterwards with his mouth now at her ear. \"I'm going to go back to Fairy,\" he stated, and she took a deep, steady breath. This would be the first time they were separated in a week. \"And you're going to be just fine.\" He stood and hooked a finger under her chin, lifting her face. \"I love you. Don't forget that, this time.\" He said, and she threw herself forward, wrapping her arms around her neck as best she could given the height difference, and for a moment he was frightened. He didn't want her to be upset, not now, after they were doing so well. But when she backed away, and he could see the grin, the unease in his chest dissolved immediately and he smiled back. \"I never will,\" she promised. \"I love you too,\" she said as he stepped away from her, allowing room for the jump. \"I'll remember that,\" he said, before stepping to the side and fading from The Human Plane. She stood there, stock still and staring blankly at the spot he'd last stood, checking herself and playing his words over and over in her head. She smiled slowly and turned from her bedroom to the hall, out to the overlook to happily greet her parents in the kitchen below. \"What's got you in such a good mood?\" her mother asked, looking up to see her daughter half leaning over the banister in her pajamas. \"No idea,\" she lied quickly. \"Just am.\" \"Well, it's nice to see you so cheery.\" Rae all but threw her head back and laughed.[Chapter 5] End of July, beginning of August, was the hottest part of the year. The student apartments were the victims of the heat, as of late. The sun beat down on them relentlessly and eventually, just opening a window didn't suffice. Rae came home with a fan one day, that they set at the door and let run for hours on end. Still, some nights even the fan wasn't enough. It ended up reaching ninety seven degrees in the room as they lay there, and Rae stood from the bed and hooked her thumbs into the elastic band of her pajama shorts, sighing heavily and pulling them down before returning to bed. Tracy had laid there, stunned for a moment as she crawled back in bed in nothing more than a tank top and cotton panties; after a moment, he laughed. It quickly became a habit for them, on the nights were the heat became unbearable fully clothed – they were comfortable with one another, and to them, what was a little innocent lack of clothes when they'd lived together for almost a year? Still, there was usually a line they both knew not to cross. Rae would forgo traditional pajamas, even without the bottoms, in favor of a cotton tank top, something light and breathable in the heat. In the same respect, Tracy also kept a top. Granted, his were usually rather heavy, and made of a dark material. Still, it provided him with enough air to not die of heat exhaustion in the middle of the night, he reassured her. Of course he told her it was just more comfortable , the same way that no matter how hot it got in the apartment, she would always keep that little bit of blanket over her legs. But he had his reasons. Tracy came into the apartment around noon, having been at work since sic last night. Now that he was back on The Human Plane, the adrenaline rush of magic that had kept him awake was gone, and he was exhausted. Just because fairies didn't share the same sleep patterns as humans didn't mean they didn't need the same amount of sleep, outside of their magically charged environment. It must have been about ninety degreed in the room, and he groaned as he dropped down on the couch, unbuttoning his shit. Rae wasn't home – she was still in classes, and she wouldn't be home until four. He peeled the fabric from his skin, a difficult task because of the sweat saturated into the shirt. He didn't understand: Arizona was hotter than any place in Fairy Land, and his home had twice as many suns! He groaned into a pillow, laying on his stomach and closing his eyes. He'd take a quick nap and wake up before Rae got home, make dinner… He exhaled deeply, slipping into unconsciousness. The door opened and Rae walked in, setting her rucksack near the door and the large paper bag of Chinese food on the counter. She smiles, spying Tracy passed out on the couch. She'd called him earlier, to no answer, and now she understood. Poor thing. She knelt by his side, kneading the base of her palm into his shoulder. \"Trace,\" she whispered as he stirred. Something caught her eye, a line of fluff on his back. She looked over, seeing a line of soft cream-colored downy fluff running from the inner top of each shoulder blade to the base of his spine, by the small of his back. She ran her finger curiously over it, smoothing it down and watching as it sprang back to attention the moment her fingers passed it. He mumbled a protest as he woke up. The moment he came to his senses, his eyes flew open as he realized that Rae was home, that not only did he have his shirt off, but she was there, she was running her hands over his back, stroking the fluff on his back, actively acknowledging it, and he cried out, swinging his arm back and swatting her away before he sat up, grabbing his shirt from the floor and hastily redressing himself, knees pressed together and cheeks turning a feverish pink. Rae was startled, sitting back and waiting for him to come to a rest. \"M'sorry, just... I – don't.\" he stuttered. \"Please, don't.\" She stared blankly at him, unsure of what had just happened. He was all but begging her, wide-eyed and jittery, and so obviously uncomfortable. \"Yeah.\" She said, softly. \"Yeah, okay. I… I brought dinner. Hungry?\" He was, actually, and despite his discomfort, he took a carton of lo mien, sitting with her and eating. Rae watched him carefully as they ate, eyes turned down and the pink tinge never leaving his cheeks; she tried talking to him, but he didn't seem too interested in conversation, only offering the occasional 'yes' or 'no' and the appropriately timed grunt that told her he was listening. She knew better – she knew him . He wasn't listening. His ability to make noncommittal responses at the perfect time had been perfected over his decades of being a caseworker fairy, of having to endure the concerns and complaints of his charges. \"Tracy,\" she said, not breaking her speech patters. He didn't look up, and she frowned, taking the carton from his hands and calling his name again. This time, he looked up, unsure of what she was doing and suddenly regretting that he hadn't been paying attention. \"Wot?\" She just looked at him for a moment, turned and set both of their cartons aside. \"What was that?\" she asked. \"I have never seen you freak out like that, not with me. Do you want to explain?\" She knew that he didn't want to explain, he thought dismally, but she was going to make him, he was sure. He sighed and wiped absently at his face. \"I just… it's personal, isn't it?\" he asked. \"I mean, I don't go around pawing at your body when you sleep, do I?\" he snapped, looking away. He felt her hand on his knee, and he immediately felt bad for his feigned temper. Of course he wasn't angry with her. But any excuse, any wat all, was a better option than explaining about the downy feather on his back. His hand covered hers. \"I… well, I'm a wingless fairy. I never grew wings and… see, we didn't know I was going to be wingless until I was 'bout ten because all fairies have… this.\" He gestured to his back. \"We all grow down, but not necessarily… wings.\" He said, gently. \"The uhm… the down. It's the color the wings would have been. It…it is what would have been.\" Rae could hear the change in his tone, from anger to resignation to remorse. \"I just don't… like it. M'sorry, honeybee. I didn't mean to…\" he stopped. Rae was familiar with body insecurity. How many people in the world were uncomfortable about how part of their body looked , or how it functioned? It wasn't an uncommon phenomena, among humans, at lease. She wasn't sure how common this type of insecurity was among fairies but, when you think about it, that didn't truly matter. What mattered was that he was uncomfortable with it. She nodded, telling him that she understood, and he gave her hand a quick squeeze. When they finished dinner, it was quick cleanup – tossing the empty carton in the waste bin and placing their cups in the dishwasher. Rae's mind had been reeling through the rest of the meal, while Tracy's thought calmed. Blue-orange light streamed into the bedroom as she led him in by the hand, closing the door behind her and standing chest-to-chest with him – or at least as close as they could get to chest-to-chest, what with the foot or so height difference between them. He ducked his head as she placed both her hands on either side of his face and kissed him full on the mouth, her lips curved into a smile. He pulled her backwards, onto the bed and she followed, never breaking the kiss. They often spent the nights like this, comfortable in each other's company. But now, tonight , she had other plans. They lay together, nose to nose and foreheads pressed together and she told him how much she loved him. She told him that she loved everything about him, that she just wanted him to be happy. The hour passed and she could see that the pink tinge had left his cheeks, and she lifted her chin, bringing her mouth to his and she could feel him kiss her back, moving against her lips, his arms around her – one at the small of her back and the other entwined in her hair, at the base of her skull. She ran her hands over his chest, groping for his collar. She was grateful for his attire – not only because of how dapper he looked in his work suit or even the simple button-up he wore now, but because, otherwise, removing his shirt would have been almost impossible. Her fingers fumbled at the first button. He made a choked noise of surprise as he moved his hands to hers, pushing her away and pulling back, breaking the kiss. \"What're you…?\" he looked down and saw the mild look of shock on her face, which softened immediately. Her fingers brushed his neck. \"Trust me?\" she cooed. He looked down at her, expression mightily confused, but he didn't resist when she pulled him back down, resuming her work on his collar. She could feel his nervousness in the kiss, pushing harder against her mouth, his breath hitching and hiccupping so close to her. With each button she undid, his hands itched to grab hers, to keep her still but she wanted him to trust her. She wanted him to let her do whatever she was doing to him. When the last button at his belt was undone, she had him shed the white collar shirt for the second time that day. He shivered against her, uncomfortable with his back bared, when she moved her hands back to his face, hesitating for a moment before pulling back. She smiled at him, pushing herself further up the mound of pillows at the top of the bed, so that her shoulders were above his, sitting further up, pulling him towards her so that he way laying with his cheek against the cushion of her bust. It wasn't unlike the way she would lie against him in the night, comfortable and close as he rubbed a hand against her back, much like she was doing now, to him. He gave a groan when he felt her fingers on him. \"Rae, please, I don't want-\" He started but she merely hushed him, moving her hand up to rub at his shoulder and tracing her fingers along his spine, feeling each separation of bone before she came to a stop at the small of his back, where the down came to a point, tracing the tiny feathers back to the top of his shoulder blades to begin the cycle over again. He wrapped his arms around her stomach and held her. \"Trace,\" she whispered, resting her chin against the top of his head. \"I love you. All of you, and I don't ever, ever want you to feel like you have to… hide anything.\" She said, kissing the crown of his head, still running her fingers over the smooth skin of his back. \"You told me you were a fairy and I still loved you. I always will. This?\" she said, flattening her palm on his back, letting him know that she meant not only his wing-down, but his insecurity as well, his unwillingness to be completely open with her because of the way his society was built. She was concerned for him, she always was, because she'd seen him at his worst, the bitter, rainy night he spent venting to a stranger in a church, miserable and willing to remain in a foreign realm just to avoid humiliation and ridicule. She'd seen what prejudice and insecurity did to him, and she never wanted that for him. She certainly didn't want him to have to feel that way around her. The man shifted, pulling his knees up beneath hers, and his muscles relaxed. He focused on the feeling of her fingers instead of the thought of what she was doing; it was less troubling that way, and through this new frame of mind, he found she rather enjoyed it. There was a tactile difference between his bare skin and the more sensitive down feathers lining his spine. He hummed in a gentle approval, pressing the crest of his cheek against her collarbone. As he lay against her, their breathing evened out, comfortable against one another and beginning to fall asleep for the night, he found that, in all honesty, the night could have been worse. In fact, it had been pretty good.[Chapter 6] They noticed a change in him. The cheeriness in his voice, the improved mood, and the indifference to the odd insult. Some noticed how well he handled the mix-up that ended up cutting his hours. How he changed his schedule, taking the less desirable shift. It was all very off behaviour for Tracy, and the other fairies noticed. Some became wary that the years of overworking himself and the weight of his winglessness on his mind had finally taken their toll on him, that perhaps he'd finally snapped. Other, wiser fairies saw the signs and smiled quietly to themselves when they saw the man. They knew he hadn't snapped, though perhaps he wasn't completely in control of his mental facilities. Tracy, they knew, was in love. All in all, perhaps others regarded this with more shock than they would have learning that he'd lost it. Nearly 4oo years, and in such a long time, all of his classmates and colleagues had partnered off. A wedding here, an engagement there. Children. Meanwhile Tracy had kept to himself, to his office and his work. For him to so suddenly be in love, after so long, came as a shock. They made a sort of a game around the workplace, trying to figure out who it was that he was so obviously infatuated with. Was it Barbara from Accounting? No, she was with Robert. Was it Mary-Ellen? No, she hated him. Perhaps it was someone outside the workplace? It seemed plausible. His team mates had noticed that he didn't take the overtime he usually did, preferring to go home regularly, taking leave just when the sun began to set on the west coast of America on The Human Plane. Some fairies were brazen enough to try to pry the answer out of him. Some would even ask who the special lady was. His reply would be a simple shrug of the shoulders and a smile. \"You don't know her.\" he'd say, and stalk off back to his office. It infuriated them. They wanted to know who The Wingless Wonder had managed to find. It was one big puzzle to them. A part of them didn't truly believe that he had someone, but his happiness was too tangent for it to be a façade. You could literally feel the air around him crackle with the magic that only being in love could produce. And yet, the mystery girl remained just that - a mystery. He never met her in the break room. She never visited him in the office. She never even called, nor did he call her, at least not during the work day. It baffled them, who wanted to know so badly who the woman could possibly be. And yet he would not tell. It was a terrible game of cat and mouse for months. Every step forward they made, every time they thought that they had uncovered a possibility, their hopes were quickly dashed. Finding out was an accident. He'd taken leave on night, along with a group of other Fairies who had planned to go out for dinner. Marina happened to be among them, an the group gave a collective moan when she asked him if he wanted to join them. It was unclear whether or not Marina liked Tracy. She acted kindly to him, but seemed to be on a very short temper with him as well. He tried his best not to upset her, but sometimes, with his antics, it was inevitable. But he'd politely refused, telling her that he'd promise the missus he's be home early that night. Their ears perked up immediately, and they took a sudden interest in the conversation that their friend was engaged in. Victoria was among them, a fairy well known for her exceptional stealth magic, and when Tracy had bit everyone a good night and made off to go home, she took a deep breath and followed him. He didn't go far - just past the bridge that connected Fairy's campus to the outer city - before he plucked his wand from his belt. She' frowned and leaned in to get a better look, hopeful to be caught in his magic field, taken along to wherever he was going. Violet, pink and yellow swirled around them, colours that were already swathed in the deep purple of their surroundings, the ribbons of magic contracting to form a solid wall around them. There was a topsy-turvy sick feeling in Victoria's stomach, as she was swept away while still invisible (it was not recommended to travel this way) but after a staggering landing, she righted herself, not having lost any ability of her lungs. She remained safely out of Tracy's sight, silently taking in the shock of her surroundings. The grass was a sharp green contrast to the red brick that paved the roads, the large building that loomed in the distance, just past the gates that protected Tracy's entrance from the view of swarms of humans. Her eyes went wide and she almost let out her breath, but merely made a small squeaking sound in the back of her throat and willed herself back to Fairy Land. A Human. The Wingless Wonder was in love with a human! The rumours spread quickly. Even the wiser fairies became distressed at the notion. It was a most unusual love, they had to admit. Some scoffed at him when they saw him at work, much to his confusion, as if to say \"You couldn't even find someone of your own species?\" The sudden cold shoulder dampened Tracy's happiness. He didn't know why, for quite some time. Not until the news reached Marina. She's charged at him from across the lobby when she saw him, whistling some nonsense tune and carrying a stack of papers to Mab-knows-where. It didn't quite matter, as she drew her wand, holding it at shoulder's height, right at his chest. Marina was a higher-up. She's worked hard to get where she was, and was a talented Tooth Fairy. Tracy was still her subordinate, but they were friends, which is why he was rather alarmed to see her coming at him in a fury, wand-tip pointing right at his sternum. It attracted quite an audience as his papers went fluttering everywhere, his hands raised in surrender - of what, he did not know. \"Uhm… Good morning!\" he greeted, hoping that this was just some odd way of her venting her frustrations. Marina was sweet, true, but every fairy in the complex knew that it was unwise to upset her. Tracy had, regrettably, done just that. \"Might I ask,\" he began, rather nervously. \"Why you're mad at me?\" She stared him down for a moment, wand arm rigid and her black hair almost as wild as her eyes. She swallowed thickly and tucked the device away, much to his relief. She hit him. \"Because you're an idiot!\" she growled. \"Are you mad? Do you even know what you could do to us? Any idea at all?\" \"I'm sorry,\" he said. \"I don't know what you're—\" \"Listen, you've done a lot of stupid stuff in your life. That night on the field when we were younger, that human girl you brought to—\" There was dead silence. Realization dawned on her face and Tracy could hear a couple of chuckles from the crowd that had gathered around them. He felt the bottom of his stomach drop out as she spoke. \"In love with a human… It's her, isn't it? \" The words were not kind words, and they stung him something terrible, right to the core. His jaw locked momentarily, biting the words back until he found a more suitable response. \"Yes,\" he answered, solidly, properly. \"It's her. Rae.\" From the crowd her could hear someone whisper \"Dream Killer.\" He ignored the accusation. \"And I do love her. You're acting like that's a bad thing.\" She huffed in surprise at his response. \"Tracy, she's human! How could you possibly think it's not? You know what they're like!\" she looked around at the crowd, not having realized that she'd attracted so much attention. Marina grabbed him by the arm and dragged him from the lobby back to his office to continue to conversation there. The walk was short, but spent in complete silence between the two. She rounded on him once the door was shut, and found him leaning back against the desk, frowning down at her. His stature and usual benevolence made this a rather intimidating image. \"Now,\" he said, as the door closed, \"Please explain to me why I can't love her.\" She sighed. \"That's not what I mean, Tracy, you know that.\" she snapped. Her voice softened. \"It's dangerous . You know what humans are like.\" \"I know what Rae is like. I love her, Marina.\" he searched her face, his expression unyielding. She sighed. \"Now you know as well as I do that there's nothing that will change that. You shouldn't try to change it. Love is magic. I love her.\" She looked up at him, locking eyes. In the decades she'd known him, she'd learned that a sure-fire way to read him was to read his eyes. Wide and watery, there was the unmistakable look of determination in his eyes, the fire that was hadn't been present in centuries. She sighed again. \"You two are really in love?\" she asked. \"Yes.\" came his answer, immediately. \"She's staying in school until she graduates in a few years, and then I'm bringing her here, to live with me.\" Marina was not pleased by these answers. Tracy obviously had no idea how much danger he was putting himself in, or anyone else. His girlfriend, the rest of Fairy Land. Things could go terribly wrong - they often did, with humans - and everyone could lose. But Marina also knew that Love was indeed magic. It was the strongest magic in existence, purer than anything they could ever extract from a tooth. And, above all, it was not to be tampered with. She groaned inwardly. \"Leave it to you, Tracy, to fall for a human.\" she muttered, unlocking the door. \"You have to be careful. I know you're taking it lightly, but you need to understand that this is dangerous. You're setting yourself up for one glorious fall.\" Tracy smiled sweetly at her as he made his way out of the office. \"I've already fallen, Marina.\" he said gently.[Chapter 7] The atmosphere in the living room was heavy. Tracy shifted uncomfortably, knees pressed together and back rigid. He'd been dreading this for weeks, since Rae had gotten off the phone and told him he was joining her and her family for Christmas. It wasn't so much that he didn't want to be there - quit the contrary, he was happy to be with her. It was her family that set him on edge. It wasn't much of a secret that her father was less-than-pleased with him Tracy couldn't blame him, honestly. He was concerned for his daughter, and the fact that she was living with a fairy who was somewhere about twenty five times her age didn't help matters. Tracy knew that he was a topic of concern in her family, and perhaps that's why Rae brought him. But despite her good intentions, he was still terribly nervous about the whole ordeal. Rae sat next to him, a hand rested gently on his knee, rubbing reassuringly as she talked to her family; he sat and listened, not wanting to be obtrusive. Rae moved her hand, pulling him back to rest against the cushion of the couch, before settling back against him. That was all it took, her weight against him, to calm his nerves. He unfolded himself, stretching his legs out to a more comfortable position and letting the tension in his shoulders relax. He let and arm snake around her middle, holding her close. It was a nice reminder that he was meant to be enjoying himself. He'd shared his holidays with her - perhaps not in full, as they remained on The Human Plane - and this was her trying to introduce him to her culture. He appreciated it, and was always eager, but he couldn't help but feel like a fish out of water. Christmas was a religious holiday for the humans, that much he knew. But that was the extent of his knowledge, and he felt her family saw it clearly in him. Rae's mother was unhappy for it, and her siblings told their young children to leave him be, though he would have been more than happy to entertain the, - he loved kids. He was a Tooth Fairy, for Mab's sake! But again, he couldn't blame them. He would be patient with her family and hope against hope that they accepted him as a part of it, as a part of her. For the meantime though, he smiled nervously and watched as a book was passed across the living room, ending with Rae. It was a gorgeous blue book with gold-trimmed leaves and engraving. She opened the book, seeing to know almost exactly which page to flip to, and readily explained. \"This,\" she said, splaying a hand across the thin paper, \"is The Christmas Story. We read it every year. This is why we celebrate Christmas, Trace.\" He shifted slightly, trying to follow over her shoulder as she read aloud. It was, admittedly, rather difficult to follow. Names of ancient cities and titles of lineage threw him off more than once, though he supposed all that had been cleared up and familiarized earlier in the book, as she was indeed quite far in. He supposed this book, their Bible, was most closely akin to the Fairy \"Atros qi Clour Mab.\" Of course, the Atros qu Clour Mab didn't detail such fantastic miracles or the appearance of angels. In that respect, he was quite enamored with the story. One would hardly say that fairies were primitive, but they still cherished their old creation myths. To Tracy, the beliefs held by the humans were endlessly fascinating, beautiful stories of creation. \"When Joseph and Mary had done everything required by the Law of the Lord, they returned to Galilee to their own town of Nazareth. And the child grew and became strong; he was filled with wisdom, and the grace of God was upon him.\" Rae spoke the last line with a tone of finality born of a storyteller, and a hush fell over the living room. \"Trace,\" she said at long last, leaning further back and smiling up at him; he returned her smile, moving his free hand to brush her hair back. \"I'm going to go start setting the table for dinner.\" \"Allright, luv.\" he said, pecking her on the cheek. A beat passed; Rae didn't move. \"Trace?\" \"Hmm?\" \"I need to get up to do that. Let go?\" She taped his hand, which was still held against the curve of her stomach. He jerked, releasing her and she stood, handing the book back to her mother and ruffling his hair as she passed into the kitchen. The sound of clinking glass and silverware drifted from the kitchen like music, filling the heavy silence that had fallen over the living room. Tracy swallowed hard and readjusted himself, sitting straight up again. \"So!\" Rae's father started suddenly, dispelling even the fine noises of the kitchen. \"Tracy! You've got a solid job, a place in…?\" \"The Lily District.\" he were six living districts in Fairy Land: Lily, Opal, Phoenix, Moon, Water, and Suns. Of course, this was of little meaning to her father, but it was polite conversation all the same. As Tracy spoke, his heart beginning to hammer in his chest, little Zachary climbed up on the couch next to him. The boy was no more than five or six years old, by human standards. Rae watched as her nephew climbed Tracy like a living mountain. She laughed quietly from the kitchen; it was cute. \"Right…\" her father agreed thoughtfully. \"Any plans for the future?\" The fairy sighed heavily. \"Everything's still rather up in the air at the moment, with Rae still in school, my work…\" \"Yeah. Yeah, it can be… hectic, huh?\" Tracy gave a snort of laughter. \"No doubt. But it's nice, you know. Get to be with her, it's worth it.\" He reached up and removed Zach's hands from over his face. \"Enjoying our time together.\" \"And, uhm… how old did you say you were? Rae mentioned it once over the phone, but I never really caught it.\" Any semblance of a comfortable conversation was dashed when Tracy heard this. To say that there was a disconnect between his age and hers would have been an understatement. He was about four hundred years older, given the difference between standards. Even on a level playing field, he was still nearly twice her age. Of course, to them, it had never mattered. For her parents, however, he had a dreading suspicion that it did. \"Uhm… Well, 382, sir.\" Still, despite the man's disdain for Tracy and his culture, he was far from ignorant. \"Well then, I guess I did hear right the first time. So, that's what? 38, for us?\" \"About.\" Tracy forced the word out. Rae's father leaned back and seemed to scrutinize the fairy, looking him up and down. \"That's quite some time.\" he said, to agreement. It was a long time. Point of the matter was that fairies did live for a long time, and he let her father know that. \"What's it been like for the past few centuries?\" \"Sorry?\" He was suddenly unsure; The panic rose in his chest. \"What've you been doing for the last three hundred years?\" \"Spent… most of my career as a caseworker. Department of Dissemination of Disbelief. Worked with people - humans, mostly, though my colleagues are… are fairies—\" \"So Rae's not the first human you've met?\" Tracy laughed, a nervous, shaky noise. \"By Mab, certainly not!\" \"And you never formed… bonds, with any of the others?\" He felt the blood rush, flushing his ears, cheeks and neck. \"No,\" he said solidly. \"Not like Rae.\" suddenly it made sense, and he knew where the conversation was headed. Her father wasn't the least bit interested in any of what he had to say. He just wanted to know that his daughter was going to be safe. Though he was mildly embarrassed and no little amount of uncomfortable with being interrogated. Her father seemed satisfied with that answer, and prodded on. \"Ever been married?\" The fairy's eyes went wider, the flush deepening, and he was so grateful that Rae hadn't been in the room to hear. He coughed absently into the back of his hand and began to stutter. \"Tracy?\" Rae called from the kitchen. Oh, thank Mab. The fairy laughed and stood, taking the young boy with him some seven feet into the air. Zach laughed and flailed wildly, nearly clipping Tracy in the ear. He turned around and bent over, depositing the boy back on the couch as he shrieked with laughter. \"Coming luv!\" he called, and excused himself. He and his honeybee met n the kitchen. He caught her around the waist and held her from behind, whispering a low thanks into her ear as they spun around gently. She laughed as the family looked on from the living room. \"Rae,\" her sister called. The couple paused, and she looked back to see her sibling pointing up at the ceiling, lips puckered and a smile in her eyes. Rae's laughter was contagious, and had him smiling the instant the noise reached his ears. \"You know, Trace,\" she said. \"There's this other tradition, most people have. We hand little bushels of mistletoe from the ceilings, and when two people walk beneath it…\" He studied her face for a moment, trying to figure out her puzzle, to come to the conclusion that she wanted him to. He watched the corners of her lips turn up and smiled back down at her. \"I give up.\" he said, low. He had a bit of an idea what came next, and he turned her around so that they were facing one another. From the living room, Zach sounded his disapproval with a loud, \"Don't do it! Gross!\" Rae giggled and pulled him closer, until they were nose-to-nose. \"They kiss.\" she finished. Tracy chuckled lightly, a deep noise that resided in his chest, as he closed the tiny space between them, kissing her gently, deeply, and supporting her as the sunk into him. He loved her; he was so content to simply hold her, to be close to her, even under the scrutiny of her family, and when they broke, he held her, nuzzling his cheek against hers. \"Merry Christmas, Honeybee,\" he said.[Chapter 8] Rae was more than happy to return the book to the library. Her literature professor had let them chose a work to study for the last couple of weeks. She had chosen the wrong one, no doubt. Where the sentences weren't dry and choppy, they were long and winding and almost completely devoid of point. It had been a dry read and she was more than glad to be rid of it. She was using her lunch hour to return this book and check out the next one she would need for her class. The thin hardback she held in her hands slid down the return shoot before she strode purposefully into the classics section. Over the low-rising bookshelves, she spotted a familiar figure, and smiled mischievously as she rounded the shelf, sneaking up behind him. He was in his work suit, hunched over the computer in one of the small wooden chairs, his legs nearly at his chest. His knee bobbed up and down in a nervous manner and she hugged him from behind – he jumped, slamming a hand down on the keyboard to close the window. She shot back at his sudden, violent outburst, confused and frightened and he stood, looking frazzled for a moment before forcing himself to calm down, embracing her warmly. She gave a nervous laugh at his antics, the shock subsiding quickly. \"What're you doing here?\" she asked. \"Just… using the internet, here. Fairy doesn't have access to a lot of the, ah, special information you lot have. Just… doing some research is all. What's that?\" he gestured to her book, a ditch effort to grab her attention from him. \"Ah, The Iliad.\" She nodded down at the book. \"It's for school.\" \"Brilliant.\" He said absently. \"This… this is your lunch hour, isn't it?\" he asked, checking his own watch. She nodded. \"Right. Well, have a good lunch then, careful getting back to campus, allright?\" he looked at her, seeming to come out of his nervous stupor at this. She promised she would be. \"Allright. I ought to be getting back to Fairy.\" He gave her a quick kiss. \"I'll see you back at the apartment.\" Rae watched as he hurried out of the library, out onto the patio reading area, and vanished. She sighed, still rather confused. Still, they did make it work. Rae had started college and things became so much easier for them. Her tuition included boarding in an apartment complex for students. She was without a room mate, which meant that Tracy was free to come and go as he needed, without having to worry about who would be with her. He held his job and began living with her, flitting between FairyLand and The Human Plane as needed. Rae's apartment was perfect for her college years. Close to the campus and in the city, private and she never had to worry about roommates. It was small, true, but more than enough for the two people who lived there. One spent the majority of her time at the university, and the other in another plane of existence. It was lonely, sometimes, but they made it work . They spent as much time as they could together, Tracy switching shifts and taking work on the opposite hemisphere to be with her while she was home, able to spend the evening, nights and early morning with her. They were happy together. College itself was an interesting experience for Rae. It had its ups and downs, the dog days and the weeks that seemed to go by in the blink of an eye. With the experience came a familiar panic, one that she hadn't felt in years, the sudden, suffocating pressure of what if? But he was always there for her, to calm her fears and uncertainties and over the years, they only became closer. It was an odd relationship, if they were to be honest. There was a certain stigma, in his world, for inter-species marriage. Fairies were very accepting when it came to love, they knew not to meddle or oppose, but that didn't change the fact that he was in love with a human. Humans, by fairy standards, were untrustworthy and cruel. They took every chance to deceive and only had their own benefit in mind, and Rae understood fully why they would feel this way. Between Fairy-Human history from centuries ago and the Dream Killers that Fairy almost constantly processed, it wasn't hard to understand why humans had been stereotyped as monsters in their culture. Even Tracy was a bit weary of meeting new people on the human plane, being introduced to her friends and family, even despite his work with humans, knowing that they're all different. Though, perhaps he was entirely justified for being a nervous mess at the thought of Rae's parents being told that he was a fairy. Rae had already met his parents – they had thought she was a wingless fairy as well, and Tracy had politely corrected them. She had been mildly embarrassed for the misconception, but they welcomed her warmly. But how, he wondered, would her parents react to being told that she was with a fairy? Provided of course, that they believed it at all! He stayed up with Rae for hours on end while he prattled away, talking over scenario after disastrous scenario and she merely listened, watching as he readied for bed. When he sat down, throwing the covers back, he looked at her, realizing that she hadn't said a thing the whole time. She merely smiled and flicked off the light, snuggling up to him as he lay down. \"Do you want to know what I think?\" she said, finally, and he held her, egging her on. \"I think my family will love you almost as much as I do.\" He laughed nervously. \"I can only hope so.\" He said. \"Do you think we… do we have to tell them…?\" he felt her go still beneath him and the knot of anxiety in his chest tightened. \"Right away. Do we have to tell them right away? About me being a fairy. I mean, for God's sake they're your parents and I'm sure they just want what's best for you. Do you really think that I'd be part of that plan, if they knew?\" She lifted her chin and kissed him. \"I do. I really do. But ,\" she said. \"if you don't want to tell them, we don't have to. Not yet. Eventually, though, we have to. You know that.\" He sighed and told her that he did, holding her as they drifted off to sleep together. They hadn't believed, at first. Tracy didn't blame them; no adult ever did, not until they were face to face with magic, and even then some didn't. Tracy had been patient with them, a disposition born of years as a caseworker, though he felt he could be sick at any moment sitting in front of them with Rae and explaining why he didn't have wings, where Fairy Land was, and that yes he loved their daughter very much. In that instant, where her parents understood that she had fallen in love with a fairy , something inhuman, and that he loved her back, it felt suddenly suffocating in their apartment, an arm slung around her as they sat on the couch facing her parents. He had to excuse himself, exiting into the hallway of the apartment complex. He could hear them through the door, just faintly, though he was able to make out some words. He couldn't be angry, they didn't know better. They were just concerned, as any parent should be when confronted by their daughter who was in love with someone of a different species. Particularly a species they had previously thought to be the stuff of fantasy. He removed his glasses, pinching the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger and the voices on the other side of the door calmed after a minute or so, Rae having talked her parents down from whatever fury he was sure they were in. The door opened and he felt her hands on his arm, gentle. He looked up. \"M'sorry,\" he said, his voice low. She merely smiled up at him. \"Will you come back in?\" she tugged gently on his arm. He shoved the glasses back on and followed her into the apartment, shutting the door behind him and taking his seat by her. \"You allright son?\" Rae's father asked, and Tracy apologized to her parents. Rae laughed, cuddling up to him and whispered to him, \"Imagine what it'll be like when our folks meet.\" And he blanched at the thought. Part of the reason why he got along so well with those who weren't willing to believe was because he was a wingless fairy, as was his mam – but his father was winged, and Tracy wasn't sure how Rae's parents would handle that. \"Try not to pass out,\" she pecked him on the cheek. But that had been months ago, Rae thought as she returned to the apartment later that evening, after her classes had let out, to find him already home. It was a pleasant surprise, but she was worried all the same. He was acting awfully peculiar, and she was concerned for him. Work hadn't given him problems in so long, but it wasn't out of the question that his team had gained a young, bull-headed fairy with a wing bias. She knew there were plenty of those. Before she had the chance to ask him, to make sure that everything was okay, he rushed her out of the apartment building, down to the local park just off of campus. Tracy had never been this erratic before, and she became worried as they walked together, watching as he wrung his hands together, fidgeting with every step. Whenever she asked him if he was okay, or brought up work, he'd assure her that he was fine and change the subject. They ate dinner at a small bistro near the park grounds, a lovely, locally owned place that Rae often went to for lunch. She'd taken him there once, but he knew it was one of her favorite restaurants in the city. Over the evening, his edgy demeanor seemed to disappear. She made a note to ask him again when he was himself, less jumpy and calm as he usually was, but for now it was a nice improvement. She hated seeing him nervous or jumpy when they were out in public – when he'd first started living with her on The Human Plane, he'd been quite weary of being out in public, for fear that somehow, someone would know. That fear had dissolved, replaced by a careful confidence that he looked positively human. He tried to relax that night, he could see that he was worrying her, but just the thought of what he was doing was enough to put him on edge. What if it upset her? What if she said no ? She'd told him over and over again how happy she was with him, what if she wanted to stay how they were now? What if doing this distanced her? By the end of the night, they crossed the bridge together, the lights from the city dancing crazily in the reflection of the moving water below them, only making him dizzier. \"R-rae,\" he stammered, grabbing her arm and stopping her. She turned back to him, head tilted slightly, wide eyes on him. He grabbed her hands, heart thumping against his ribs. \"I love you, Rae.\" He said sternly. Her eyebrows arced. \"I love you too,\" she said, surprised at the force of his words. \"N-no, I… Rae.\" He held her to him. \"I love you so much. More than I've ever loved anyone, more than I – You mean so much to me, I – I don't know what I'd do without you.\" She placed a sudden kiss on his mouth, silencing him. When she pulled back, she looked questioningly up into his face. \"Tracy, please,\" she begged, keeping a hold on the front of his jacket. \"What's gotten into you lately? What's wrong?\" \"N-nothing's wrong, Honeybee,\" he muttered quietly, leaning his forehead against hers. \"You know it's almost been six years since the Bus Stop,\" he said, and she could hear his voice cracking. \"And for as long as I've been alive – and that's a long time, too – I don't think… No. I know I've never met any one who… not after all this time. I mean there's no one… I wouldn't... ah, bugger. I ruined it, didn't I?\" he asked, miserably, tilting his head back away from her. Rae laughed. For a terrifying moment, he thought she was laughing at him . He sputtered indignantly as she giggled. \"Ruined what ?\" she asked kindly, beaming up at him. He swallowed hard, plunging his hand into his pocket and withdrawing a small velvet box, fingers trembling. Over the pounding of his heart and the blood rushing in his ears, he could hear her whispered \"Oh my God.\" Whether it was in disbelief or dismay he couldn't tell. He grabbed her hand and looked her in the eye. \"Will you marry me?\" he asked, his voice coming out much more composed and confident than he felt. Her free hand flew to her mouth and he could see tears welling up in her eyes. His heart sank – he'd done it wrong, he must have. Human and fairy courting traditions were so different, and he'd tried researching, spent so much time looking up ways to propose to her, human ways, but most of them involved airplanes and sounded dangerous or ridiculous. Rae pressed her lips together and smiled, nodding. Tracy's heart stopped in his chest and his eyes widened. \"What?\" \"Yes,\" she answered happily. \"Yes!\" Rae threw her arms around his neck and he caught her. He nearly dropped the box in surprise, grabbing her shoulders as she took his face in her hands, kissing her deep and dizzyingly. They were getting married .[Chapter 9] Rae swallowed hard, looking herself up and down in the full length mirror. Her heart hammered in her chest and she felt sick, but it was the most wonderful kind, nervous and excited, simultaneously telling yourself 'I can't believe this is happening,' and 'I can't do this.' A young girl – Iris – one of Tracy's sisters stood behind her, adjusting the corset of the dress for her. It was beautiful, form fitting with the fabric bunching around her calves to splay in rivers of silk on the floor, the train dragging behind her. She ruffled the material with her hands, bringing it to its fullest, pausing as she tied the ribbon around Rae's waist. \"Nervous?\" she asked, lightly, laying a hand on her hip to smooth out the silk. Rae could only nod, her voice caught in her throat and her breath shaky. Diana came up in front of her, tucking away a stray lock of hair and pinning it with a flower. Her hair was done up in tight rings, each pinned to the crown of her head with a white flower. \"Don't be.\" She said gently, smiling as she lifted Rae's chin, spreading a fine powder on her neck. \"Everything's going to be fine, you watch. You look beautiful.\" She muttered a thank you and glanced over at the bouquet of flowers lying on the chair. The thought of what those flowers were for made her heart flutter and she became light headed. She reached a hand out and Diana steadied her. \"Iris, loosen the corset; she's having enough trouble catching her breath as it is!\" The bindings came away with ease and were redone to accommodate her sudden need for space. She was able to breath more easily and bend slightly over, at least. \"There's nothing to worry about,\" Iris reassured her as she sat, \"How many times did we go through this? Everything was perfect then, everything will be perfect now.\" \"But, what if the magic-\" \"The magic is fine.\" Diana cut in \"Every ceremony in FairyLand uses the same magic. No matter who you are, fairy, human, gorgon , the magic will work.\" Rae pressed her lips together, blood red and rather startling in contrast to the pallor color of her powdered skin, and nodded. They were right, she told herself. Everything would be fine. Iris painted her face, taking the fine tip brush and dipping it into the oils, drawing symbols on her eyes and tickling her when she painted on her cheeks, down the bridge of her nose and on her lips. Later these painted areas would be visible, but for the moment she had to resist the urge to wipe at her tingling face. She covered her hands with fine lace gloves that extended up the length of her arm and ceased at the elbow – they were the same material as what was on the corset and what fringed the train behind her. The dress was sleeveless, showing off her collar bone and the vine-like design of the necklace she wore. Diana finished painting her face, now swirled with patterns and symbols, as Iris took the crown off of the placeholder. It was a ring with a translucent veil attached to it, woven into the layers of silver, the seams hidden by flowers not unlike the ones she wore in her hair. Rae's hands trembled as she lowered the veil over her face. Since she was a little girl, she'd dreamed of being a bride, of walking down the aisle on her father's arm to meet the man she loved. Today, she wasn't a bride. She was a Queen. Of course, she wasn't actually ruling over a kingdom, nor did she suddenly find that she descended from a line of royalty, of any sort. It was simply the term traditionally used. A long time ago, she'd been told, a fairy bride and groom would preside over the others as a true King and Queen for three days prior and three days after the wedding. The planning of the wedding had been a handful. It wasn't much of an area of expertise on either family's side to combine Human and Fairy marriage traditions. Each ceremony was so intricate that to take too much away from it would more than easily invalidate the marriage. The event wasn't held in a church or a chapel – most places such as those were far too uncomfortable with the unusual rituals taking place in the marriage to offer them a place to conduct the ceremony. But they'd found a wedding hall on the Human Plane, one that wasn't of any particular faith, that was more than comfortable with any plans that they had to execute within its walls. Rae allowed the girls one last pass – oh, how excited they were to be doing this! – and took up the bouquet. Tracy's sisters each took up a small basket and led her out the door to the event foyer. Her heart was hammering in her chest as her father stepped up, linking their arms together. She swallowed hard and nodded to his question. Everyone wanted to know if she was okay. She was getting married , of course she wasn't okay. This was terrifying and wonderful and it made her so happy she just wanted to burst, but she couldn't because she was getting married . She laughed weakly – there wasn't enough air in her lungs to support anything that didn't sound choked – as the doors opened. That was when things changed. Mere seconds ago, she'd been terrified out of her mind, ready to bolt one way or the other, to or from the hall where their families were gathered. Diana and Iris went ahead, tossing purple crocus petals to the floor. Her father was the first to move, urging her forward. She stepped awkwardly, finding the appropriate rhythm and keeping in pace with her father, but never taking her eyes away from the altar. There was no minister, as per usual wedding. There was simply him and her, the way they wanted it to be, and two golden cups sitting in the podium behind them. He stood there in a striking silver threaded suit, coat tails falling behind him, looking as nervous as she did, but when they spied each other, there was suddenly nothing – no worries, no nervousness – nothing but an overwhelming joy. Rae smiled, fighting the urge to cry as tears threatened to slip down her cheeks, ruining all the careful work that Diana had done with the oils, which had begun to grow warm on her face. The moment she stepped up to the altar and the ceremony started, the markings began to glow, faintly at first, before escalating to create a striking silver pattern than decorated her face, neck and chest. Tracy smiled down at her, hands twitching for hers, though he kept them at his sides. \"Look at you,\" he breathed. \"A proper Queen.\" She let out another choked laugh. \"Tracy,\" she looked up at him, eyes brimming. \"I take you to be my lawfully wedded King. Before these witnesses I vow to love you and care for you as long as we both shall live. I take you, with all of your faults and strengths, as I offer myself to you with my faults and strengths. I will help you when you need help, and will turn to you when I need help. I choose you as the person with whom I will spend my life.\" She held her right hand out, palm up, for him to take. He own hand didn't move yet, as he leaned over slightly. \"Rae, I take you to be my lawfully wedded Queen. Before these witnesses I vow to love you and care for you as long as we both shall live. I take you, with all of your faults and strengths, as I offer myself to you with my faults and strengths. I will help you when you need help, and will turn to you when I need help. I choose you as the person with whom I will spend my life.\" He took her hand in his right. It was a brilliant light that shone from their hands, clasped in one another, as they reached over with their other, each taking a goblet from the podium. They linked their arms together and brought their cups to their lips, drinking deeply the red wine. The symbols on Rae's face burned terribly, and she was sure his did as well, though his were painted on his chest and shoulders, under the wedding clothes. They drank until the pain subsided, goblets empty, and they disentangled themselves, setting the cups back in their original place. Next came the younger fairy, Tracy's niece who could barely walk, toddling over to the couple in a delicate powder pink dress. She held up a small satin pillow to them and they bent over, taking the rings from their nest. He took her hand first, bowing his head to hers and slipping the sleek silver band – more brilliant than any silver she'd seen – over her finger. \"With this ring, I thee wed,\" he said softly. When he released her, she immediately took up his hand, performing the same motions and slipping the ring onto his finger. \"With this ring, I thee wed.\" She could see the sheen of the metal ripple slightly, as if a light had passed over them. He seemed to notice it too, taking it as a cue to wrap his arms around her, drawing her to him as he bent his head and kissed her. She reached up and threw her arms around his neck, twining her fingers in his hair before he scooped her up, turning towards the crowd. She craned her neck, bowing her head towards him. \"I love you,\" she said, the tears finally slipping down her cheeks. . He kissed her again, fleeting because of the awkward position. \"I love you too, my Queen.\"[Chapter 10] Tracy sat rigid in the arm chair as Jerry leaned over him, paintbrush in hand. The older fairy was prattling on about anything that came to mind, and Tracy tried to focus on his stories, the account of his own wedding – \"Be happy your girl isn't a Leprechaun; human weddings are so much easier to handle, let me tell you.\" – and the King-to-be was surprised that his best man couldn't hear the steady pounding of his heart. He was terrified . He knew what he was doing, but somehow he couldn't wrap his head around it. Every time the thought struck, it came as an electric jolt to him, something that twisted his insides and made him stop breathing for a second. He was getting married . He and Rae talked about it for a long time, they'd been engaged for almost a year, and they'd had so much planning to do, of course, but it just… crept up on him. It was almost as if he hadn't actually expected to be here, having his best man painting the traditional symbols onto his chest, as was custom in a fairy wedding. (They'd made a lot of compromise, they'd joined fairy and human traditions to accommodate both sides of the family, and yet, he felt, it meshed perfectly.) He just couldn't believe that in less than an hour, he was going to be married . He swallowed hard, tilting his head back and staring at the ceiling as the cold oils were slicked across his skin. \"Tracy!\" The man's gaze flickered back to his friend, who was hovering concernedly over him. He jumped in surprise, and the paintbrush that was held to his bare chest smeared lavender and coconut oil in a wide streak and Tracy sighed. \"Hey, you okay, kid?\" Jerry asked. The older fairy didn't move, waiting for an answer. \"Yeah, I'm fine, mate. Must've caught something, haven't been feeling very well at all.\" His words tumbled out, slurred and anxious. The man scoffed, though it went unnoticed. \"Sure. But you know you do have to be conscious for your wedding vows-\" he took a peek over and saw that whatever color had been left in Tracy's cheeks vanished. \"Look, you're nervous, I get it, but having a heart attack before you even get to the altar isn't going to help.\" He said, setting the bowl of oils aside, looking his friend square in the eye. Tracy rubbed absently at the side of his arm. \"Can't help it, can I? I just… I don't know about this, it's-\" \"Stop.\" Jerry cut across him. \"That right there. That is the worst thing you could say on your wedding day. Trust me, I know this is big. But your girl is probably in the next room right now tearing her hair out and wearing a rut in the floor from pacing. She's just as nervous as you are, and for what? What's the worst that could happen?\" he asked, and Tracy gave a groan, tossing his head back again. That was the last thing he wanted to hear, what could go wrong ? \"No, I mean it! What could go wrong? You both have consent. Are you gonna leave her at the altar?\" \"No!\" Tracy growled. He might be a nervous wreck, but he would never do that to her. \"Right. Is she? She's in there with both of your sisters, I don't think she could if she wanted to, which she doesn't. And as long as you two go through the rituals like me and your parents showed you, what could go wrong ? Huh? Nothing!\" Jerry moved forward and laid a hand on his arm. \"You're getting worked up over nothing. I know this is big, hey, I remember my wedding; I was all over the place, okay? But if you don't relax you're going to end up spending your wedding night in the hospital.\" He softened his voice. \"Kid, I've known you since you were bout this tall,\" he held his hand up to somewhere right above Tracy's middle. He gave his friend a curious look, and the older fairy shrugged. \"You were tall for your age. Point is, I know you , and I know you're a good guy. The missus in the next room, she's lucky, especially with everything you two went through. You know that a lot of people who have their heart broken like that don't love the same way twice. That alone should tell you just what you mean to her. It's gonna be fine, okay?\" Tracy nodded, and Jerry poked him in the ribs. \"Go ahead and wash it all off, we'll start over.\" Tracy picked his head up and spied the scrubbing sponge on the sink basin, walking over and reaching for it with a huff. His skin was already sensitive from the first scrubbing, and he tried his best not to hit the spot on his ribcage where the skin hurt the most. \"M'sorry, Jer.\" He said. \"Not all there, y'know?\" \"Not a problem.\" He said, mixing more oil. When Tracy stood up straight to dry off and his face was properly reflected in the mirror, Jerry could get a good look at him. \"Geeze, kid, you're white as a sheet. Look, when we're done here you really ought to get something to eat, or else you could pass out in the middle of the ceremony.\" He said, as Tracy sat down, chest thrust forward and Jerry resumed painting. \"Come to think of it, do you even eat? I don't think I've ever seen you take more than a cup of tea.\" Another poke at his ribs. \"You certainly don't look like it. Get that pretty little wife of yours to make some pasta, sometime, kid.\" He said. The color immediately rushed to Tracy's face, turning his cheeks, neck and shoulders a bright red. Jerry laughed. An hour flew by, Tracy half concentrating on Jerry's ramblings as the markings were finished, and he dressed after everything had dried. His fingers were trembling too much for him to properly button his cuffs, what with only twenty minutes until the ceremony began, and Jerry took each wrist in turn, repeating himself, \"Calm down, kid, you're gonna have a coronary.\" He wiped absently at his face with his free hand as Jerry released his other wrist. He did get something to eat, forcing it down and hoping that he wouldn't be sick. Given the choice between passing out or being sick at the altar, neither one seemed like a very good option. He stood there with Jerry flanking him on his left and the family out on the right – it was a small wedding, immediate family, because for Rae's extended family to attend would mean exposure, putting his family at risk, and it was a unanimous agreement to keep as little people as possible on the guest list. His heart hammered in his chest and he became more lightheaded the longer he stood there. The markings on his chest had begun tingling when he stepped up onto the platform, and he resisted the urge to paw at his chest or loosen his tie – he felt like he could very well suffocate, just then. The music picked up and his heart stopped dead in his chest for a terrifying moment when the doors opened. That was when things changed. Mere seconds ago, he'd been terrified out of his mind, ready to pass out. Diana and Iris came first, tossing purple crocus petals to the floor. She came after, on her father's arm, swathed in a cream-silver gown, veil and train flowing behind her, looking as nervous as he did, but when they spied each other, there was suddenly nothing – no worries, no nervousness – nothing but an overwhelming joy. He smiled, his heart calming its frantic bid to escape his chest, and the moment she stepped foot on the altar, the paintings acted up, warming on his chest and calming him. Tracy smiled down at her, hands twitching for hers, though he kept them at his sides. \"Look at you,\" he breathed. \"A proper Queen.\"[Chapter 11] Fairies were dangerous. It was a fact among humans, centuries ago. They were malicious and conniving; they were mischievous and often came to The Human Plane, looking for food and shelter, and the unsuspecting humans would see their beautiful, painted faces and their gossamer wings, and welcome them warmly into their household, giving them fire and sweet milk and cake, only to have their home destroyed and their children taken away in the middle of the night. Fairies thought nothing of humans – some made sport of harassing human families, driving the young women mad with fantasy; some meaner, more brazen fairies took to fire, setting crops and homes ablaze, occasionally killing a human or two – no consequence to them, of course. The colonies more or less kept to themselves, seeing no reason to wage war between the tribes, when they could bent their frustrations on the humans. His race had no motivations but to sustain themselves, and with the humans they were more than able to. With the discovery of The Human Plane came the end of magical sacrifice, the fairies using humans as we once used sheep and swine, tossing them into the swirling pool of magic with a prayer to sustain their world. It wasn't until Queen Mab, thousands of years ago, who rose from the tribes, uniting them with species-wide civilization. Her magic, the most intense and well-refined magic ever witnessed, had given her wisdom beyond her years, beyond the years of any fairy to have lived. She constructed a society, a plan devised to ensure the continued existence of their world and the abolishment of human blood sport, enlightening her race on the value of human kind, how it was wrong to treat them, the fairies' equals from another plane of existence, in such a way, and her learned ways taught them that the sacrifice was not necessary. Fairies merely needed to collect fragments – bits and bobs that the humans would not miss, that possessed the same magic; a stocking, a thimble, or a child's tooth. Human sacrifice halted, the tales and belief of fairies dwindling save for the pure, untainted belief of the children, the most powerful magic available to feed their world, and Mab was praised as a Queen, lifted above the masses and made to rule in her wisdom and health, to preside over and entire race, and she did so gracefully, building an empire from disjointed colonies, a society that thrived in the space of a generation. Fairies learned that teeth, placed under the pillow with the express belief that it would be gone in the morning, taken to another world by a magical being, harbored far more magic than common items nicked from a human's house, and they took them more often, leaving trinkets or little silver coins in place of the teeth, as a thank you and an apology for the race's terrible deeds. Soon, the humans adopted the affectionate term \"Tooth Fairy.\" Oddly enough, it stuck, and they elaborated upon their discoveries, building Fairy around the massive pool of magic. , slowly learning more about the humans as their customs and conventions were accepted into fairy society. They began speaking English, a process that only took a few years to disperse throughout the population, and fairies flourished, their world being sustained and healthy, and most fairies could not recall such a level of efficiency or harmony among their people. But even fairies die, and Mab, their beloved Queen, fell ill. Not even magic can reverse death, and they lost her. The late Queen's closest and most trusted friends took over, ruling in her name as they knew she would have wanted. They preserved the new society, building up from the substantial foundation left behind, leading the fairies forward, to the life they had today. The Monarchy was done away with, no one willing to take the throne after Mab, and an Oligarchy was established by her surviving friends. Every time the rule lost another fairy, a young man or woman, best and brightest of their generation, would be chosen to fill the position. Lily was one, he told her, and she didn't have a hard time believing him, but that didn't make the occasion any less sad. It was Clour Deri, an Old Fairy term that literally translated to \"Sadness of The Queen,\" She sat with him beneath the silver-leaved tree in their back yard, a candle between them. He guided the floating blossom into her palm, where it remained hovering and inch or two above her skin. Rae eased the blossom over the flame, letting it slip though her fingers and hover above the wick, engulfed by the fire. The delicate white petals curled and blackened as a sweet smelling smoke billowed between them. Tracyheld her hand and smiled softly, thanking the late Queen for everything she did for fairy- and human-kind alike, for making it possible for him to be with his love, to keep her free of fear or prejudice in the world she now called home. It had often occurred to him during Rae's college years, that his time with her was extremely limited. An entire human lifetime could pass in the blink of an eye for a fairy, a full one hundred years seeming like a mere ten, and he knew that he had less than a decade with her. It had hurt so much, then, to know that after a few short years with the woman he loved, that they would be separated for centuries more. He thanked Mab, blessed Queen, that he had been able to marry Rae and provide a safe home for her inFairyLand. He brushed her hair back, tying it back as she straightened his tie, and began to speak in quietly, muttering a prayer of another language – Mab's language – Old Fairy. His voice came in a series of chirps and coos, and she smiled at him, so intrigued to hear his language, but completely clueless as to what he was saying. When he finished, the corners of his lips turned up, the smile crinkling his eyes. \"Your turn,\" he said. She stared up at him, a slight smile gracing her features. \"How?\" she asked, and he took her hand. \"Repeat,\" he instructed her, and he recited the prayer slowly in that old language, trying to get Rae to understand the strange noises. He chirped, and she chirped in response, and he laughed, leaning forward and kissing her forehead in the dying sunlight. \"Close enough.\" \"What did I say?\" He pulled her close to him, having her lean back against him as he held her and hummed in thought. \"Well. There were a few little mistakes, but that's okay. You said The Queen's Prayer. Some things don't translate very well, that's why we still say it in Old Fairy, but it's something along the lines of, 'my dear Queen, faithful and wise, thank you for your time with us, your compassion and your guidance. Thank you for life, love and health that I find in this place, the home of the fairies.' Not honestly as complicated as it sounds in our language, is it?\" he chuckled, holding her. He watched as she lowered a second blossom onto the flame, the smoke billowing into the early night air. He thought, closing his eyes and letting the sweet smoke fill him. If things hadn't changed all those generations ago, where would they be today, him and his wife? Millennia ago, for a fairy to love a human, things rarely went well for the couple. Most recorded instances of a human inFairyLandended in death for the human – fairies then were not accepting of humans in their world. They simply did not belong. The alternative was for the fairy to leave his or her world and live on The Human Plane, which was more or less the better outcome, until prolonged absence from magic ended their life. It was bleak for human-fairy couples, in the old days, and rarely were they able to make it work, where they lived on their respective planes of existence and the fairy flit by whenever they could, not unlike how he and Rae had seen each other in the first year. He clung to her, the severity of the notion hitting him full force, and he found that he'd never been more grateful for their late Queen's compassion for humans than he was then.[Chapter 12] Fairy Land quickly became a second home to her. It was a culture shock, no doubt, to be thrust from one realm of existence to the next, where magic was abound and every other person was winged. Life with Tracywas more than she'd ever dreamed of. She loved him with everything she had and he returned that love enthusiastically. She lived in an over-stimulated rush of life for the first few months, constantly expecting to wake up, to find that everything was the result of a fever dream or something of the like; it was too good to be true, to have found the love of her life like this. The stuff of fairy tales, ironically enough. But every night, she'd lie down with him, and every morning she'd wake up to him, and it was perfect . She was able to procure a job at Fairy, working a along side other wingless fairies as a receptionist or a secretary as needed. She spent her days filing papers and sorting teeth. Tracy was concerned for her as she did this, knowing that some fairies weren't particularly nice to those in her line of work, but she never seemed to mind any offhanded comment made about her. It was something she knew they would have to adjust to, having a human permanently among their ranks. Reversely, it would take her time to adjust to living outside of The Human Plane. Often times, when asked her name and age, when being introduced to a new fairy, she would reply the way she knew how, warmly and with a smile, telling the new acquaintance that her name was Rae and that she was 29 . The first time this happened, Rae wasn't sure why she was suddenly given strange looks, she wasn't sure why they asked her if she needed to go to the ward and rest a bit, if Fairy was a bit overwhelming, and it took several minutes for them to come to an understanding, that fairy years and human years were completely different in their implication to age. Still, newly wedded bliss aside, Fairy Land was a peculiar place for a human to live. She'd spent her entire life on another plane of existence, with different social structure, different life ideals and different customs. Tracy helped her, explaining the various events and customs, coaching her through fairy society every step of the way and, eventually, she became accustomed to it, the change of culture. They spent the fairy holidays with Tracy's family, human holidays with Rae's family. It took her some time to pronounce and retain the names of his holidays, though, as fairies had used their own language millennia ago, before English was introduced to them through human interaction. It was the first day of spring – the mark of the New Year in Fairy Land– and they were gathered for the day, though Rae had little idea what they were actually celebrating. It was called Guld Fethel, not quite as a mouthful as some of the other holidays, easier to pronounce. The little that Tracy had told her on their way to Diana's home gave her the impression that it couldn't be too different from New Year's Eve. When they weren't cooking in preparation for the night's meal, they sat around a large rectangular dining table, chatting and laughing and waiting for dusk. Rae sat close toTracy, the backs of their chairs touching as she leaned against him, sipping the sweet, clear, nectar-like liquid. It was colorless, odorless, and for all its practicality looked and acted exactly like water. She inquired about the liquid, and was told that it was water. She'd merely laughed and asked again. \"No, really. What is this?\" \"Oh, ah, not water like you're thinking, honeybee,\" Tracy interjected hurriedly. \"See, we've got this place, called The Waters. It – it is water. Just not your water, right?\" She sloshed the liquid around in the glass, watching as it swirled in a rainbow of translucent colors, like mother of pearl. She saw it, now, really concentrating on the drink and it was startling and beautiful and brought all kinds of questions to her mind, but this was neither the time nor the place to ask them. She had a whole life time ahead of her to answer the numerous questions posed by her new home. Today, though, she merely shrugged against her husband and took another sip. He laughed, holding her closer around the shoulders. Oberon, Tracy's father, clapped his hands together and stood. \"I think it's about time to start, don't you? If we don't get a move on we won't be finished in time!\" \"True,\" Tracy said lightly, more of a hum than anything. He knew what this event entailed, knew that it would take a long time with how meticulously the ceremony was. There were other noises and agreements around the table. \"So who's the guest of honor this year?\" Tracy asked; his time at work and on the Human Plane had kept him more or less out of the loop the last year. His mother smiled and Iris laughed, and many of the other fairies around the large table chuckled. \"What?\" \"Well, Rae, of course!\" his aunt exclaimed, and he gave a groan of realization. \"Do you think this is a good idea? After all, I mean, this is her first Guld Fethel. I don't know if she's up to it, you know…\" and was rather dismayed when Rae laughed, seemingly happy to go along with his family's plans. \"Whatever it is, I'm sure it'll be fine, sweetie,\" she reassured him, taking another sip from the cup. \"Wonderful!\" Mab said, standing, rounding the table to meet Rae and pluck her from her seat. His wife stood, and allowed his mother to pull her hair back from her face and tie it with a silver ribbon. \"Did Tracy tell you anything about Guld Fethel, dear?\" she asked, lifting her chin. \"Just… just really the basics,\" she said, laughing lightly. \"Perfect!\" Mab exclaimed warmly. \"Let the sacrifice begin!\" The smile left Rae's lips and her face paled, her eyes flicking over to her husband, who smiled slyly and shrugged. Her mouth hung open and she looked around the room for any sign of a joke. The woman at her side led her from the kitchen to the back yard, and everyone, including her husband, followed. She was led onto a white terraced platform, where she stood alone next to a pedestal holding a stone bowl and paintbrush once her mother-in-law retreated to join the rest of the fairies on the ground below. Her husband stood at the forefront of the small crowd, looking up at her with his sleeves rolled up and hands buried in his pockets. He smiled in the dying sunlight and she began shaking. \"You allright up there, honeybee?\" She was at a loss for words. Sacrifice ? \"I think you might have left something out!\" she growled. There was a roar of laughter from below her that made her face burn and Tracy ascended the steps to join her. He stepped up to her and bent his head, kissing her. \"You did say you were up to this,\" he joked, earning a stern look from his wife. \"Oh, don't be like that. It's not like it's an actual sacrifice. Just go along with it,\" he said, grabbing her hand and pulling it from her side, holding one of her dainty hands in his as he removed the lid from the bowl at their side, dipping the paintbrush in and swirling around the contents. It was a deep black, she saw when he withdrew the brush, the fine brown hairs at the end dripping with ink. He wiped the excess off on the side of the stone bowl and brought it to her hand, tracing a symbol on her skin in expert calligraphy. Her fingers trembled, unsure of what it was, exactly, that he was doing. As he painted, dipping the brush back into the bowl to replenish the ink, he talked to her. \"The story of Guld Fethel is, admittedly, a little long, so I'll explain later. For now, this ,\" he said, touching the cold ink to her hand again. \"is the symbol for unconditional love.\" With one last stroke of the brush, he finished the symbol, something that looked like an overzealous, sideways question mark with the dot in the curve. \"Each one of us will take a turn and paint a symbol onto your hands. They're our wishes to you.\" He bent and whispered in her ear, smiling lightly. \"And you know I'm going to make sure my wish for you comes true.\" He turned his head and gave her another quick kiss, replacing the bush in the stone bowl and leaving her on the platform. The moment he left the platform, she looked at her hand and saw the ink dry; when she ran her finger over it she couldn't feel anything, no difference from her own bare skin. Diana wasn't far behind, flitting up the steps to join her and using a quicker hand to draw out the symbols, her own calligraphy work no less perfect. One by one, Tracy's family came to her, taking either hand and painting a symbol on any space available from the bases of her wrists to the tips of her fingers. Before long, the suns had dipped below the horizon and she could barely see her own hands in the dark, so blackened with ink they were in the night. Small patches of white peeked between the symbols, fragmenting her hands and giving them a ghost like quality. When the last person had finished painting on her hands, they led her from the platform, down the set of steps opposite from where she'd gone up, and everyone filed back into the house, around the table and she took her seat back next to Tracy, her body losing the chill of the night in the warm dining room. It was a surprising contrast, the stark difference in temperature once the warmth of the twin suns had disappeared. She snuggled against him, enjoying his warmth as she examined her hands. \"I have no idea what any of this means,\" she said, at length. It was a simple statement that she hadn't meant to mean very much, but the family seemed to think it was very funny. She felt the heat involuntarily rise to her cheeks. She wasn't at all versed in the old language of the fairies, like they were. They must have thought it ridiculous, seeing her as any human might see an adult who couldn't read or write English. Sensing her embarrassment over the accidentally blurted statement, he took her hand in his and raised it between them, brushing his thumb over a symbol. \"This,\" he said, showing her something that looked like a backwards three, \"is the symbol for safety. Protection and preservation,\" he said, thumbing over another, \"Smiles and peace; faith; acceptance and recognition for all you do well,\" he said, turning her hand over so that he could see the symbols on her palm. \"That's a wish for a guiding hand to help you through any trouble.\" He pointed, this one looking like a six with two loops, one on top of the other. \"What's this one?\" she asked, pointing to a double arc with a strikethrough that was painted on the base of her wrist by her thumb. \"Oh, that's mine,\" Mab bubbled. \"That's the symbol for fertility, dear.\" \"Mam!\" Tracy scolded, the heat rising to his cheeks. \"What? You name me one mother-in-law who doesn't want grandchildren, go on!\" she exclaimed happily. Ignoring his mother's challenge, Tracy cleared his throat and moved onto the next symbol, noticing how his wife's face was almost the same shade of pink as his. \"That, that there,\" he pointed, \"is the symbol for dedication and communication.\" Let's see the other, honeybee,\" he said, releasing her and allowing her to raise her left hand, reading each symbol off and telling her what it meant. \"So, how does this represent sacrifice?\" she asked when he'd finished, almost dreading the answer. He laughed at her nervousness. \"A long time ago – millennia, actually – we, as a race, didn't know about collecting teeth. Even in your culture it's a fairly new concept. Still, that pool of magic at Fairy has been in this world long before us Tooth Fairies. That's what keeps FairyLandalive, and our ancestors were willing to do whatever it took to make sure it stayed that way.\" He said as her hand dropped back to her lap. He slung an arm around the back of her chair, around her shoulders and leaned back. \"Now, humans have known about fairies for almost as long as they've existed – the humans, that is. They used to believe in us a lot easier, though, I'll tell you. But something that the humans noticed about us was that… well, we took their children.\" The words fell heavily from him, dragged out and none too proud. \"I'm sure you've heard of fairy Changelings. Fairies would come and take human children and leave fairy children, the Changelings, in their place. It was… a fairly common practice in our world, perhaps up to two, three thousand years ago. Of course, a lot of humans still accused their children of being Changelings, but it wasn't us. We'd take the children and… we'd, uhm…\" he rubbed absently at his face. \"We – we'd basically toss them in the pool. This went on for quite a while, and eventually we started drawing symbols on them before we did, sorts of wishes to the magic. 'Please be appeased until next year, happy Guld Fethel.' Of course, it wasn't very happy for the children, as you can imagine,\" he laughed nervously. \"But it worked, for us. We realized that we didn't need the whole child, and we started taking little things. A lock of hair, a tooth , whatever without having to take the child. Some fairies left compensation, an apology for taking so many children. And eventually, the children started leaving things for us to take, willingly! In turn we'd leave little gifts under their pillows, and… now we have Tooth Fairies, as it happens.\" There was a roar of laughter from the other side of the table, one of the other conversations going on. She looked up, startled, and Mab leaned in to pat the human girl on the knee. \"You looked so nervous up there,\" she smiled. \"I'm sorry you didn't know about it earlier. I thought that Tracy would have told you,\" she shot a look at her son, then back to her daughter-in-law. \"Sorry for the scare; no one here would hurt you, you're far too precious,\" she smiled, crinkling her eyes and nose. \"But that's only half of the night, you know!\" She pulled Rae from her husband's arms and led her down the hall, to a half-bathroom that held only a sink, guiding her in and shutting the door to give her some privacy. \"Go ahead and wash that all off, dear.\" Rae turned to the sink and turned the one faucet, watching as Water spilled forth. Fascinated, she noticed that it was the same iridescent liquid she'd seen earlier, what was in her glass sitting on the table. She frowned slightly, touching a finger to it. Upon contact, the ink at the tip of her finger vanished, swept away with the Water and flowing down the drain like fresh ink. She stuck her hand under the stream and watched, mesmerized as the ink fled from her skin, leaving behind no trace. She washed her hands free of the ink, watching all the well wishes vanish, carried with the Water to somewhere else, to be communicated there. She dried her hands and went back to join the rest of her new family, reclaiming her seat next to her husband. He took her hands, now free of the black ink, in his and pressed his lips to her fingertips. \"Happy Guld Fethel, honeybee,\" he said. She laughed with an energy that, for most people, would only be possible in the super-charged atmosphere of Fairy Land. But for her, he knew, such levels of life were normal, they were what made Rae herself, and she was happy , indeed.[Chapter 13] Rae woke up to the smell of smoke. She bolted out of bed, her limbs not working correctly and tangling the covers around herself in her frenzy. She fell to the floor with a thud, removing whatever sheets still clung to get and bounding out of the bedroom. The moment she opened the door, which Tracyhad taken care to shut behind him as he left her to sleep, she noticed that it wasn't a 'burning wood' smell, which would mean that their home was on fire. It was heavier than that, and it gave her pause at the door, as she sniffed at the air. It was a strong smell, one that made her a tad lightheaded, and she realized that it was entirely familiar. She was more confused that frightened, now, as she descended the stairs into the was there, swathed in all white – a very striking appearance – and hunched over the kitchen countertop, nursing a dying match as he made his way around the kitchen, lighting every candle that was set out. She recognized the smell, now – that of an overbearing candle shop – and marveled at the sheer mass of wax for a moment before her husband noticed her. He quickly extinguished the exhausted match, beaming down at her. \"Good morning, sunshine!\" He embraced her warmly, and she laughed, laying her hands on his, around her stomach. \"Sunshine? That's new.\" He held her from behind, ducking his head and all but purring. \"Thought maybe the occasion called for it.\" \"And… what's the occasion? The same occasion that calls for all these candles?\" \"Quick as a whip, you are,\" he joked, releasing her. \"Go on, go get dressed. Not much daylight left.\" Rae stood in a stupor for a moment. \"What? It's eight in the morning, what do you mean 'not much daylight left?'\" \"It's Lu'Leas Be Tselares, honeybee. Go on, before the suns die.\" He pushed her from the kitchen, into the powder room in the hall, still quite stunned as he shut the door behind her. She found herself in the well-lit bathroom, looking at a simple white dress that hung opposite her. To say that she slipped it on without a second thought would have been incorrect. She'd learned that quite a bit aboutFairyLand, her new home, would take her by surprise. Once the slip was over her head and pulled down over her hips, flowing around her ankles, she went to join her husband again. He was lighting more candles. \"Care to explain?\" she asked, helping him nurse the weak flame. \"Every year, the suns are reborn,\" he answered, happy to explain fairy holidays to her. She couldn't be expected to know what the holidays meant , let alone what they were , and he would act as her translator until she became more proficient in the old language, or at least had cycled through all the odd holidays and ceremonies fairies entertained. \"Awful lot of work, for them, so we try to stay out of the way. Power goes out and everything goes dark.\" \"Hence the candles.\" \"Hence the white clothes. If you go outside in the pitch black, you'll want to be at least semi -visible, won't you?\" \"How long do we have, until the suns explode?\" she asked, and he could hear a tone of fear tingeing her voice. He stopped his frenzy, putting out another match – that was probably enough candles – and held his wife. \"They're not exploding , honeybee. They're being reborn. Ever heard of a Phoenix?\" she nodded in response. \"S'like that. The suns don't have a lot of life in them, but we need them, so they just start over every year. It's okay; look.\" He moved her to a window, where the world outside was bathed in an eerie light, turning everything blood red as the suns began their death. The lights in the house flickered, electricity and magic alike crackling through the air before everything went dark. The only light left was that given by the candles, and the quickly fading fiery light outside. At length, even that left, plunging the world into darkness, and unexpected and prolonged night. He explained to her that this night would last until the suns were reborn a week later. That final day would mark Lu'Leas Be Tselares, \"Day of the Twin Suns.\" He told her that this happened every year, and that the death of the suns here is unlike any predictions made about the death of the sun from her world. Those stories told of the death of an entire world, her world, and he could understand her unease. Once the dark settled, and the suns were gone, he took her outside, laughed with her when he saw her expression, a pleasantly shocked reaction to the way their stark white garments seemed to glow in the excited magic of the night. The humans didn't call the darkest part of the night 'the witching hour' for nothing. Even on The Human Plane, magic was tangible at the peak of night. He loved it; he loved her and how she was so fascinated by everyday, mundane things. Things he'd lived with his whole life, all new experiences for her, and seeing how giddy it made her, it was brilliant! He joined her, pulling her down to the soft grass, lying with her as they watched the stars, bright blue and green against the ink black of a cloudless sky. \"God, it's so beautiful here,\" she breathed at his side, running a hand over the folds of the dress, shooing away one of the small glowing bugs that had landed. Fairy Land, when looked at in a certain light – or lack thereof, in this case – could be very beautiful, but just like anything else, there were the darker parts of the realm, as well; parts that he would make sure she never stumbled upon, parts that he would make sure never hurt her. He hummed in reserved agreement, sticking a finger out for one of the silk flies to land. \"This is the only time out of the year these little fellas come out,\" he said absently. \"They don't like the sun all too much.\" It flew off as Rae turned on her side, snuggling up to him. \"What happens when the suns are reborn?\" she asked; the air was thick and warm, super-charged by the death of the suns to keep Fairy Land from freezing, to keep it alive, and it was comfortable, tricking her body into thinking it was actually night time, instead of nine in the morning. He kissed her, holding her against him as he felt sleep tugging at the edges of his mind as well. Of course, this was entirely normal. A trick of the warm, magical air, to lull them into a quiet hibernation until the sun woke them a week later. Often times, the want for sleep could be fought off, but he saw no reason now, comfortable and safe in the soft grass with Rae. He contemplated her question. \"When the suns rise…\" he chuckled. \"You think this is beautiful? Just wait,\" he whispered, leaning into her and letting the sleep taking him.[Chapter 14] The twin suns shone through the window, providing sufficient light for Tracy to work by. It was early in the morning, and he was due to work soon. He picked the phone up from the cradle, shouldering it as he shuffled through the stack of papers. \"'Lo!\" he declared into the mouthpiece, stooping down to pick up a paper he'd dropped. A man's voice began prattling away on the other end, a voice that Tracy recognized to be Rae's father. The fairy interrupted him waiting as he came to a sputtering stop. \"Morning, sir! Everything all right on your end? You sound a bit frantic…\" There was a pause on his end. \"Tracy…?\" he asked, sounding a bit confused. \"Yessir.\" \"Could you… put Rae on, please?\" Tracy could hear the slight tone of unease in his voice, and that gave him praise. \"Sure,\" he said after a moment. Rae was in the kitchen, handling a pot of tea and two mugs. Tracy told her that her father was on the line and handed her the receiver, helping her cradle it between her shoulder and ear. \"Hi, dad!\" she bubbled. Tracy pecked her on the cheek and took one of the mugs from her hands, allowing her to hold the phone in a much more comfortable manner. Tracy sipped the tea, sitting at the kitchen table and shifting through the papers. It'd been years since his last job as a Caseworker – rehabilitating Rae, as it happened – but that didn't mean he was free of paperwork; quite the opposite, in fact, he was required to fill out a collection sheet every few weeks, so that Fairy could keep track of progress. Despite the fact that he was running on his eighth year as a Tooth Fairy, he was still fairly new at the job – many on his team had been doing runs since they graduated the academy, literally hundreds of years. It wasn't so much a disadvantage as it was a learning experience. After Lily set things straight with that one bloke in Dispatch, his job had become much more enjoyable. Tracy didn't have to be at work quite yet – he still worked the day shifty, so he got to spend plenty of time with Rae before they both went off to work (she had been able to get a job at Fairy in administration.) There was a clatter, the sharp, painful noise of shattering ceramic. Tracy looked back to see Rae standing there, phone to her ear and ceramic shards at her feet. He bolted up and moved carefully around the mess to her. She severed the connection, handing up and seeming shocked to see the mess at her feet, grabbing a rag and trying to mop up the tea, tears stinging at her eyes. She barely heard Tracy, his concerned voice as he hovered over her, supporting her and taking the rag, picking her up from the floor. \"Rae, love, what happened?\" he asked gently, pushing her hair from her eyes. \"M-mom,\" she breathed. \"Mom's… mom died.\" She choked the words out, resting her forehead on his shoulder and he held her, crooning into her ear until her sobs quieted. Tracy sent her from the kitchen to clean up the broken ceramic and make her a new cup. As he heated the water, he could hear her sniffling in the next room. He went to her, holding her close as she calmed. \"The—\" she hiccupped, \"The funeral's next week.\" She said, and he held her. \"Back in Mesa?\" he asked, and she nodded, taking the mug and supping tentatively. \"I'll talk to Lily today, and we'll go first thing tomorrow morning.\" And go they did. It was a small hotel room, comfortable enough for the two of them as they spent the week with Rae's family, many of whom Tracy had never met, who were surprised to learn that Rae had wed, and were more than a little cautious of him. They didn't see Rae's father until later the evening they arrived in Mesa. He was at home, pale as a ghost and somber, a startling contrast to the boisterous man Tracy knew. It was sad, to see him so disheartened, to see him lose the person who meant absolutely everything to him. A knot formed in Tracy's chest at the thought of losing Rae. When her father saw them, he frowned. \"Rae?\" She went to embrace her father, tearful and just as heartbroken as he was, but after a moment, him hugging her back with a confused look on his face, pushing her back and studying her face. \"I'm so sorry, dad, I – I don't know what—\" \"Rae, how long have you been married?\" he asked. Of course he knew the answer. Rae stuttered over her words, unsure of how to answer. Of course she knew the answer, but it was just a startling question. \"Three years.\" He turned away. \"Sorry. I must be… imagining things, too much stress these last few days. For a moment I thought…\" He left the two, muttering quietly to himself, and Rae moved back to Tracy, confused. He held her and she looked up at him, a question in her eyes. The knot in his chest had dispersed, fallen into oblivion with the rest of his stomach, and he kissed her. \"He thinks,\" Tracy explained, \"that you look the same as you did on your wedding day.\" He paused, the knot returning and forcing its way up his throat. \"Come on, I think we should… go back to the motel, now.\" She followed, numbly, unsure of what to think. He sat up with her when they got back, talking and trying to explain to her what her father had seen. He wasn't over stressed or delusional. It was very possible that he had in fact been right. \"What do you mean, he could be right?\" she asked sharply. Her husband sighed, leaning into her and cradling her against him. \"Magic and love… they're the same thing, but sometimes, magic and love work together. The ceremony, my honeybee. Do you remember that? Those marking that my sisters painted on you? You know how that was to… connect us, magically connect us. But I think… because your father's correct, I think, when he says that you look the same…\" Tracy sighed, kissing her temple. \"Fairies live for… so long. Hundreds of years, a thousand if you live long. Humans… humans don't. And the magic, the magic that… connected us… I think it recognized that. It…\" he took a deep breath. \"It fixed that.\" She was still underneath him. \"What do you mean?\" Each of her words, slow and confused and sharp as a knife that cut through him and sent pangs of unease through his chest. \"You won't… age, like a human would, anymore. The magic slowed you down… to protect us .\" \"So…\" she started slowly, her voice low and hollow. \"I'm going to live… for – for… oh my God.\" She breathed, her fingers tightening around the sheets. \"It's… it's not a bad thing, honeybee, I promise. It's—\" \"Tracy,\" she interrupted, bowing her head.. \"Tracy I love you. More than anything, I love you. But… I can't tell you how much it hurts right now, loosing my mom like this. People get to go with their loved ones, after so long. I just get to watch everyone die.\" He could hear the unsteady tremor in her voice, and it broke her heart. Magic had many little quirks about it, more of which would crop up over time, he was sure, but this one – the one that would let them be together for centuries – it hurt her, and it broke his heart to see the grim realization dawn on her face as she looked up at him. \"I can't do this. I can't watch everyone I love die,\" she choked, her voice thick and her cheeks wet with tears. He held her to him as she sobbed, the implications hitting her hard. He held her until her body stopped trembling, until her hands, once grasping the sheets, fell limp and her breathing came in little wispy hiccups and she slept. He moved as gently as he could, sinking down into the bed to lie with her, trying not to disturb Rae. His heart ached for her now more than ever because this, this he couldn't fix. No amount of love or magic or belief could. She wasn't much more than a pile of blankets, rising and falling slowly with her breath, and he slid down next to her, burying himself under the covers and slowly wrapping an arm around her, as not to wake her up. The poor thing had exhausted herself in her woes, and he wanted her to rest, to get a proper rest and maybe she wouldn't be so miserable in the morning. There was a gentle sniffling noise from beneath him and he looked, seeing her looking, weary-eyed, up at him. \"M'sorry, didn't mean to wake you,\" he breathed. \"Go back to sleep, honeybee.\" He wanted her to rest; between the emotional taxation of her mother's death, the grim understanding she'd come to today, and the funeral tomorrow, she needed it so much. She looked at him for a moment, dazed and confused, and he could tell she hadn't truly woken up. He held her closer, running a hand down her shoulders, the curve of her stomach and waist, drawing her hips closer to him. \"I'm sorry, Rae.\" He said, his mouth at her ear. \"I'm so sorry, I didn't—\" he stopped as he sniffled again, and he kissed her forehead. \"I can't imagine what this is like, and I'm sorry, honeybee, truly. But it'll get easier, won't it? That's what time does, just like it would normally. Everything will be okay, you watch. I'll make sure of it.\" She let out a muffled sob and buried her face in his chest. He moved his hand up and stroked her hair, rubbed at the back of her neck and kissed the crown of her head. \"If it's any consolation, you've got me, and I'm not going anywhere, you can count on that. Every time something hurts I will always be there for you, my love.\" She settled against him, eyes closed. \"I love you,\" she choked. Feeling him there with her, holding her, didn't change the fact that she would age as a fairy, and watch every human she knew die around her, but somehow it made it better . He always made things better. \"I love you too,\" he crooned, his hand at the back of her neck encouraging sleep. \"Please don't leave me,\" she slurred, half asleep and fearful. \"Never, honeybee. Never.\" He muttered, craning his neck to rest his cheek against the top of her head. He closed his eyes and, with the rhythm of her steady breathing underneath him, his evened out to match hers, and they fell asleep together.[Chapter 15] She groped for him in the dark, a pang of fear shooting through her chest as the room was swathed in a deep green light that restored some visibility - the emergency generators had kicked on. Rae twirled around frantically, searching for her husband. This wasn't supposed to happen. This couldn't be happening. Fairy Land had lost power. Something had failed, something had been overlooked and now their home was collapsing. He found her first, miraculously spotting her through the droves of fairies that were scrambling to right everything. He was scared. Never in all of fairy history had this happened. He rushed to her, embracing her rather violently, heart hammering against his ribs as he looked down at her and saw the fear in her eyes. She knew what this was. He grabbed her hand and took off, manoeuvring them through the thick sea of people, swimming against the current, the rip tide of movement in the lobby. He had to get her out. There was only one way to do this safely, now: a wand. He couldn't produce the magic field necessary to transport, but a wand could. She didn't resist his lead until she found them in at the doorway to the basement, to the stockrooms. Tracy knew Jerry would be down there somewhere, but he wasn't here to make small talk. He dragged her through the halls of the stockroom, pausing every so often to re-adjust his grip on her. She knew what was coming, what he was doing, but with his heart in his throat, he couldn't very well explain it to her. He found the spare wands, and let go of her, holding it carefully in front of him and looking down at her. Her struggles stopped, and she panted in exasperation, wide-eyed and terrified. She asked him what he was doing. Time seemed to stand still down in the cellars. Save for the eerie green light, it was nearly impossible to tell the chaos that was taking place on the upper levels. The feeling of dread in his chest was the only sign of it, and even that began to dissipate, as he moved closer to her, brushing her hair back and taking her face in his hands. He bent down and planted his mouth against hers, kissing her forcefully, choking back the rising panic and trying to siphon all of his emotion into that one kiss, that one important kiss, to tell her that he loved her so much, to stay safe. He hated to admit it, but he was scared. He was scared that they were going to lose Fairy Land. He was scared that the Disenchantment would start before they could do anything about it. It was funny that way, how you never knew when it would start. You could lose power and it take anywhere from seconds or days for the process to begin. Whether or not you survived it was a matter of luck. But most of all, he was scared that this was the last time he'd see her. He was scared that he was leaving her, confused and afraid, and that he'd never get to hold her or see her smile again. When they broke, she seemed as dazed as he felt. They stood there for what felt like an eternity wrapped up in a few spare seconds, and when he finally broke their eye contact, she gave a start, clinging onto him as he fidgeted with the wand, begging him not to, trying to snatch the device away, but his height became an advantage and, as much as it hurt him, reduced her to a terrified, quivering mess. All it took was a flick of the wand. She tried to cling to him, hoping that perhaps, somehow, it would take him with her. But as the magic - dulled and lethargic - swirled about her, it drove a wedge between them, dragging her away, putting space between them as it obscured him from her view. She could barely make out his shape, trembling, head held in his hands, as she fought the whirlwind around her. The wind died down, the absence of the rushing magic and his wife's cried leaving a ringing silence in his ears. Tracy was alone.[Chapter 16] It was unusually cold for Fairy Land. The month of September was the lowest point of the half-year, in between the two springs. The living room, however, was warm. The fire burned and the two lay comfortably together on the couch. It'd been a long day - Rae hadn't felt well, as seven-month pregnant women were apt to feel. Tracy had taken off work to care for his wife, whose fever was just breaking. She'd been in a shock all morning, when she saw that he'd undone his tie and shed his vest, coming into the bedroom with breakfast and medicine for her. She'd been forever grateful, but had insisted that she would be okay. She knew how her husband fretted over missing work. He merely shushed her and told her that this was more important. In all honesty, the fever had scared him. A part of him believed it was entirely irrational, it was just a fever! But yet another part of him knew that what thy were doing could be dangerous. News of the pregnancy had been met with hesitant congratulations, even by his parents - fact of the matter was that, while they knew it was possible to have a child, they did not know the implications of it. What would being with child - his child, a Faeid - do to Rae? That was his first concern, above all else. When her fever broke earlier in the day, he'd been relieved. It HAD just been a cold. He berated himself for working himself into a frenzy, but remained by her side regardless, the fear not quite satisfied. He loved her, and uncertainty of what he'd done to her weighed heavily on his mind, though he hadn't told her. But presently, they lay together in front of the fire, ankles interlocked and his arms around her. She gazed sleepily at the flames - she was always so tired. Similarly, her fatigue alarmed him, though she reassured him it was normal. She held his free hand, rubbing a thumb in a crescent across the back of his hand. It was about all she could do not to fall asleep. She looked at him, her head lolling to the side. \"Trace,\" she started, and he brought his hand up to touch her head. \"Stop worrying.\" The man blanched, the gentle stroking of her hair stopping. She laughed lightly. \"Please. I can read you like a book. The baby's fine.\" His smile was thin. \"Maybe not quite like a book.\" \"What do you mean?\" she asked, shifting slightly, resting her head against his shoulder. \"Are you feeling allright? Do we know for sure that all of this is… supposed to happen?\" A beat passed between them. A smile graced her lips and she stopped the crescent motion on her husband's hand, immediately taking it up and spreading his fingers, splaying his open palm across her rounded belly. His breath hitched as he waited to feel the baby kicking. Once. Twice. He exhaled slowly, looking up at his wife to be met with her lips against is, to quiet him and his fears. \"There,\" she said, when they broke. \"See? I'm fine - oh!\" The baby gave a particularly hard kick, startling both parents-to-be. Rae laughed; Tracy rubbed his hand over her stomach, eventually coming back to where he began. He felt the unusual flutter in his chest, the stunned awe that accompanied nights like these. \"I can't believe it,\" he said softly. \"Seven months, and I still can't believe it!\" he let out a shaky laugh. \"A proper family.\" he breathed. \"That's my child.\" The words tasted sweet and foreign like Ambrosia. \"That's my child,\" he repeated, hearing the unbridled joy in his voice. He looked back up at his wife, shocked to see tears shining in her eyes, a smile on her lips. He reached up, vacating the plane of her stomach, to wipe the water from her eyes, ghosting the curve of her cheek. After nearly three years, it was so nice to finally have something to celebrate. Tracy kissed her, choking back the joy. He wrapped his arms around her ass gently as possible, holding her as she laud her head on his shoulder. Within moments, her eyes had closed and her breathing had evened out, and she was asleep. Tracy muttered softly as she slept, telling her that he loved her, that he was happier than he'd ever been, filling her dreams with images of a sunlit nursery, a happy family, and the happy, healthy child that she would bring onto the world. His words slowed, bogged down by sleep, and soon stopped all together, and he leaned his head against hers, drifting off.[Chapter 17] Pregnancy was an odd creature. A week or two ago, her body had plagued her with nausea and morning sickness, had threatened to make her vomit at the mere mention of food. Now, she was constantly hungry. Cravings had started to peek through, though hardly the stereotypical pickles-and-ice cream cravings. Hers would strike at the early hours of the morning, and she'd be out of bed by four, with a jar of oil-cured olives. Tracy often came out in the morning to find an empty olive jar and his wife fast asleep on the couch. Some of the foods she craved, she never spared a passing glace for before getting pregnant; Tracy knew she hated pears before the pregnancy, but now she suddenly loved them. They always held a few cans of the white-syrup pears in the pantry for her, and she was certainly not one to neglect them. Tracyhad noticed her change in appetite – to be honest it was rather hard not to. The first time he'd spied her with an unusual food in front of her, he just smiled quietly and thought to himself, ' it begins. ' Tracyhanded her the dish, which she dried off and replaced in the cabinet; a craving had been nagging at her all day, though she hadn't quite been able to pinpoint it, which was rather unusual. Her husband lowered the temperature of the water and ran his hands under the tap, rinsing the soar and suds away as Rae made to close the cabinets. Something caught her eye and she paused, reaching up to pull it down. She turned the cake pan over in her hands, before she looked up at him. \"Why don't we bake?\" she asked, \"Chocolate cake.\" He smiled at her and her unusual impromptu cravings, taking the pan and setting it on the stove. He brought her the necessary ingredients and she mixed them properly, watching the egg and flour and cocoa fuse together and become a sticky, chocolaty brown mess in the bowl. He took it from her once the oven was heated and spooned it all into the pan before placing the mixing bowl in the sink to be dealt with later. He turned back to find Rae opening the oven to put the cake in, and leaned against the counter, crossing his ankles and watching her slide the pan into the oven. Tracywatched her slide the cake pan in the oven, and dipped his hand back into the flour bag, a sly smile spreading on his lips as he watched her standing back up. Their eyes met, and her gaze gradually traveled down to the handful of flour he'd withdrawn from the bag. She looked back up at him. \"You wouldn't dare,\" she said suspiciously. He cocked and eyebrow. \"What do you mean, luv?\" he asked, before tipping his hand forward, watching the flour spill from his palm and cascade over her. She looked down at her pants in shock at the large white spot that had suddenly appeared on her person. She looked back at her husband and he merely smirked down at her. She never broke eye contact, but reached forward and dipped her hand into the bag as well. He looked down at her, playfully challenging her. She cupped her hand, dragging the white powder with her and she hit him square in the chest with the flat of her palm, smashing the white flour between them. She dragged her hand down his chest, leaving a large white smear that contrasted greatly with the medium blue of his shirt. He looked down at her handiwork as she turned to wipe the flour from her hands, and he took another handful, throwing it, however lightly, at her. It bloomed like a mushroom cloud as it soared towards his wife, settling around her hips and bottom. She craned her neck to see the new stain and laughed at him. \"Really?\" she asked. He rocked back and forth on his heels. \"No idea what you mean, luv.\" He said, his voice lilting with a faux-innocence. She stepped up to him with another scoop of flour and pulled on his collar, dragging him down to her before rubbing the flour across his neck and jaw, letting some sprinkle uncomfortably down his shirt. He wiggled, trying to get used to the odd feeling against his skin, and he saw the look on her face. She was leaning against the counter, now, daring him to one-up her. He waited until she turned again before grabbing her around the waist and holding her to him, keeping her looking away from the counter as he reached back for the bag, grabbing it gently as to not rustle it and lifting it up, and she looked back too late, noticing how he held the bag of flour precariously over her head , and down it came, splashing and cascading over her head and shoulders, and she closed her eyes, held her breath against it. It took several second for the bag to empty completely over her, and when the dust finally settled, clinging to her and forming a small pile on the kitchen floor, she just looked up at him in complete shock, the grin never leaving his face. She stood stock still as the flour came to a settle around her and all her husband could do was laugh, his shoulder shaking as he watched her startled expression. \"S'the matter?\" he asked, leaning down to her, his hands on her hips. \"Tracy,\" she said, looking back at him. You just… you just dumped half a bag of flour on my head. What is my reaction supposed to be?\" she asked; the man suddenly felt a pang of guilt, that he'd acted a little too rashly and what had seemed funny at the time was only upsetting. He still smiles, though it wasn't as energetic as it had been moments ago. \"Sorry, my love,\" he crooned, spinning her around and bowing his head to kiss her, tasting the white powder. She dropped her hands down past his waist and grabbed him, leaving two neat handprints on the seat of his pants, laughing as she pulled back. He smiled wryly and tried to wipe the staid from the back of his pants, only succeeding in smearing it. \"Now we're even,\" she said. Tracy could merely laugh as she shook the flour from her hair, watching as it cascaded to join the rest on the floor. They both looked down, seeing the kitchen tile coated in white. \"By Mab,\" he said, laughing. \"We made a mess!\" \"We? We ?!\" she nudged him lightly, stooping down and scooping more of the powder from the tile. \"Well, as long as the mess has been made…\" she lightly dusted his shoes with the flour and he laughed, helping her up from the floor. \"Very true, honeybee,\" he said, tapping the underside of her opened palms. With the sudden jerking motion, the flour jumped from her hands and onto her shirt. They paused for a moment before they both ducked to the floor, scooping up as much flour as possible and dodging each other's attacks. Tracy kept a keen eye on her, mildly stunned at the fact that they were now having a flour war, sending fistfuls of the powder flying across the room at each other. The air was thick with the upturned flour, and he was sure it would settle over everything; he didn't care. More laughter erupted from him as he removed his glasses, wiping his brow on his already whitened sleeve. His wife was a ghostly white-washed image through the haze as she sat across the kitchen, back against one of cabinets, clutching at her rounded belly. The smile fell from Tracy's face, fear for the worst gripping him, turning his insides to ice as he scrambled across the kitchen for her, taking her in his arms at once. \"What happened?\" he asked quietly. There was silence between them for a moment at Rae looked up at him. \"She kicked.\" She said, her voice coming forth excitedly. \"I felt her kick!\" she grabbed her husband's hand and splayed it across her belly. He remained still, barely breathing as he waited. It was a small flutter that pushed rather violently against his palm, and he laughed, shocked and elated and amazed all at once because that was his daughter. He smiled shakily, feeling her kick again. Rae leaned into him and he kissed her, wiping the flour from her cheek, though it was a pointless endeavor; they were both covered in and inch-thick coating of powder. He took a sweeping look around the room. \"Look at that,\" he said, his voice holding a tint of awe as he rested his head against hers. \"Still in the womb as she has to tell us to behave.\"[Chapter 18] Tracy's sleek shoes were all but wearing a rut into the cold tiles of the hospital floor as he paced back and forth, wringing his hands together. He hadn't been ready for this, not by a long shot, though he knew the time was coming. It was inevitable, wasn't it? He swallowed the rising panic in his chest as one of the nurses tried to calm him, tried to coax him away from the hospital room wherein his wife lay, distraught and in evident pain, if the sounds coming from the other side of the door were any indication – but he wouldn't budge. He shook the nurse several times before she figured it was a lost cause and offered to get him some aspirin. He accepted gratefully, downing two pills dry before resuming his nervous pacing. It'd happened during work – he'd been inVictoriaat the time, right in a child's bedroom, when his phone went off, startling the poor thing awake. A quick, heavy dose of amnesia dust and a bit of a clumsy escape later, he was able to answer the call, vexed as he'd ever been, to a stuttering, panicked dispatch fairy. He'd been told that Rae had been taken to the Emergency Room twenty minutes ago, that he really ought to go find her, and that they were dispatching another fairy to finish the assignment. Of course, Tracy hadn't argued, his heart leaping into his throat as he willed himself back to Fairy Land – forty minutes and one frantic trip to the ward later, he'd found out that the Dispatch fairy had meant a real hospital , one on The Human Plane with doctors – human doctors! – that would be examining every inch of his wife. It wasn't an infuriating thought so much as a terrifying one. That sick expectation, the fear of what if they found something ? Tracy was never one to worry about that, especially as they lived together in Fairy Land– any small amount of magic her body had accepted or produced of its own accord - well, not exactly of it's own accord, if he were honest – would be considered completely natural. But these doctors didn't understand that, these doctors could end up hurting her. He pleaded with her father, he wanted to do this back home , where the doctors wouldn't think something was wrong, wouldn't keep her for any longer than necessary, wouldn't hurt her or — But he'd refused, quite angrily, telling Tracy that this was his daughter, and damned if he was going to whisk her away for this, one of the most crucial moments of her life. He failed to understand that he could come with them, that it would help her, and they were reduced to a shouting match in the middle of the hallway, each furious at the other's stubbornness, neither willing to say too much for fear of what would happen to Rae. Eventually, two doctors and three nurses came to separate them, putting them in waiting rooms on opposite ends of the hall and demanding that they remain there. Tracy was thrown into a panic at this; he was supposed to stay all the way down here until they came to retrieve him? So far from Rae at such an important time, when she was being hovered over by doctors she'd never met, prodded and examined and in pain? He began to shake, nerves getting the better of him, as they usually did, and he wanted to run back to her, ignore the orders of the hospital staff and just be with her , but he knew that they would throw him out, regardless of the fact that he was her husband, the man who— He began pacing the small waiting room, hands clasped tightly behind his back. So many things could go wrong tonight – could be going wrong right now – and he was at the end of a hall eight or nine rooms down, worried sick and pale as a ghost. He'd never been this nervous in his entire life, save for maybe their wedding night. His breath came quickly and he wiped absently at his mouth and forehead, feeling clammy. It was hours, gut-wrenching hours, before one of the nurses came into his waiting room, Rae's father flanking her, and they walked back to the room together. Any animosity between the two men was gone, replaced by anxiety and nervous excitement. They came to her door, and Tracy was the first one in, heart pounding against his ribs. Rae lay there, looking exhausted – she had every right to be! – under the clean white hospital linens. He moved to one side of her, her father to the other, and they each took one of her hands. Her movements were slow and groggy, but she was clearly awake, and as anxious as they were. She gave a slight nod of her head, and Tracylet out a breath he hadn't realized he was holding, nearly collapsing on top of her, bowing his head into the crook of her neck and he kissed her. She removed her hand from his and ran it through his hair, telling him that it was okay, her voice hoarse from the strain she'd put on it during the course of the night. Every muscle in her body was sore, and she let him hold her, never feeling more comfortable in her life. She laughed lightly and looked over at her father. He kissed her forehead, telling her he was going to check the ward and go home, leave them together, though she could tell in his face that he didn't want to leave her, not now, at a time like this. She loved her father, so, so much, but she was happy to finally be alone with Tracy. This was an intimate moment – one that would not be ruined by her father's presence, but the night, and the many days to come afterwards, would be made all the more special if she saw him later, surprised him along with the rest of the 's own family couldn't be there – a fairy family, his winged father in a human hospital – and Rae's father understood that there would be a time and place for seeing his daughter. Rae was tired, and it would be another forty five minutes or so before the doctors came back. She pulled Tracy closer and rested against him. He was so much more comfortable than the stark white pillows and the crisp linen, the rustle of the bed she lay in. He was hers , and he was familiar. And in the chaos of the night, the pain and the fear and the overwhelming joy, he was constant, and always would be. She drifted into a light sleep resting against him, too scared and excited to fall into a true rest. Her sat next to her, supporting her frame as her eyes closed and her breathing evened out. He leaned over and kissed the crown of her head as she drifted off. Even after the nights they spent together, bodies pressed up against one another, entwined and passionate, lines blurring in bliss,Tracy couldn't think of a better way to spend the night than like this. Rae woke with a start, the exhaustion ebbed enough for her to be aware of her surroundings the moment she awoke – Tracy whispering softly in her ear as the nurse came back into the room, a little pink bundle in his arms, and Rae felt the tears push behind her eyes and flow freely as he placed the small blanket in her arms. She cradled it gently, it was so fragile, and she looked down into the tiny, still face of her daughter. Their daughter. Tracy bent over her, the both of them, in complete awe. He crooned her name, \"Michelle,\" in a soft, wavering voice as he reached a trembling hand out and brushed the thin pink blanket away from the baby's face, watching as she twitched in her sleep. She wouldn't open her eyes for some time, but Rae hoped beyond hope that she would have the same startling aqua eyes as her father. She looked over, craning her neck to peck him on the cheek as the doctor came in, shuffling papers and readying to take Rae's vitals. When he was finished, broken of his concentration, he looked up at the new parents and heaved a sigh. It wasn't one of particularly bad indication, but it sounded more somber than either was comfortable with. Tracy was hesitant to look up at him, half afraid that the beautiful little girl in his wife's arms would disappear if he looked away. He tore his gaze from her and settled it on the doctor who, seeing that he now had both their attentions, went on to explain the predicament. \"Well, there weren't any complications with the birth, you've got yourself a beautiful, healthy baby, but we did manage to find something unusual.\"Tracy blanched as the doctor pinned x-rays of Michelle's tiny frame onto the light board. \"If you see here, this is her spine, and here are her shoulder blades. Right here, at the edge of the spine, we could feel unusual lumps. You can see them here, one on each side.\" He pointed, and the new parents could in fact see two irregular protrusions on the child's x-ray, right between her spine and her shoulder blades. The doctor continued: \"Now, it's a fairly uncommon birth defect, but it's definitely been seen before. It shouldn't impair her development any, and it shouldn't even be visible – the only reason we caught it was because one of the nurses felt it. She'll be fine, but if she starts getting pain, maybe when she's around seven or eight, it'd be a good idea to have her looked at.\" He paused, taking the pictures down and storing them in a file. \"But, like I said – you've got a happy, healthy baby, and once we see she's eating, your new family can go home.\" He placed the folder, a clipboard and several other loose papers under the crook of his arm. \"I'll be back in about an hour. For now, I'm sure you're both exhausted – good thing you're in a hospital,\" he said to Tracy, \"I heard you almost had a coronary in the waiting room.\" He laughed and left the new family to their own. \"Tracy…\" Rae started, cradling Michelle. \"Two protrusion… at the base of either shoulder blade.\" Her husband stuttered, trying to find his voice. \"Do – There's… Rae. Do you know what this is, what this means?\" he asked, in a hushed mixture of awe and excitement. She smiled up at him, almost unable to believe it herself. \"Wings,\" she breathed[Chapter 19] The house was dark, but the sound resonated throughout. It was a shrill noise that drowned out all others, a frantic sound that neither parent could cease; underneath it was the sound of the microwave as it heated a bottle, and Tracy's own voice, quietly hushing his daughter as he rocked her back and forth, one hand supporting her small head as she rested on the length of his arm, and the other beneath her. With each shrill cry came a new pang of anxiety – she'd been going on like this for the last two hours, since three in the morning. She'd awoken in the nursery and had scared both parents out of their fitful sleep. At first they'd been as calm as they would ever be – completely rational and in no way frightened by their daughter's antics. But that had been two hours ago; since then they'd tried everything – this was the second time they'd tried feeding her, they'd changed her, tried burping her, but nothing they did calmed their daughter's passion. He lifted her and placed a kiss to her forehead, muttering senselessly that it was okay as Rae came out of the kitchen with a lukewarm bottle. Whenever the nipple was placed at Michelle's lips, she'd scream again and turn her head, unwilling to eat or, perhaps, not hungry. She looked up at her husband, bedraggled as he was, with dark circles under his eyes, and she took Michelle from her husband's arms, cradling her in her own and trying to feed her. She rejected the bottle every time Rae tried to press it between her lips, her face scrunched up and angry or upset or scared, but neither parent could figure out which. Tracymoved to his wife and tried to calm their daughter, but she wasn't paying either of them much attention. They brought her back into the nursery and lay her in the the baby gently and looked down at her, tired and worried, and began to whisper. \"You spotted snakes with double tongue, Thorny hedge-hogs, be not seen; Newts, and blind-worms, do no wrong; Come not near our fairy queen.\" Rae was rather surprised to hear him muttering, with a faint music inflection to his voice, the verses of Shakespeare's Fairy Lullaby. She'd studied it in college, in her British Literature classes, but she'd never given it much thought, Shakespeare's uncanny connection with the supernatural. Now, she found herself wondering how much of Shakespeare's tales and fantasies had been derived from truth. \"My Michelle, with melody, Sing in our sweet lullaby; Lulla, lulla, lullaby; lulla, lulla, lullaby,\" The tiny faeid looked up at her father, cries softening by half a decibel as she took in the soft spoken lullaby. It seemed to have an affect on her, her shrill protests calming, uncertain in their frequency and conviction, her voice weakening and before long she was merely hiccupping, looking with wide eyes up at her father, who smiled down at her, continuing to rock the cradle gently until his daughter lost focus, eyes struggling to stay open as she was mesmerized by the steady motion and the sound of her father's voice. \"Never harm, Nor spell, nor charm, Come our lovely lady nigh; So, good night, with lullaby.\" They remained at their daughter's bedside long after her eyes had closed, the weary parents standing guard over her and rocking the bassinet slowly until they were sure that she was sound asleep. Tracylet the cradle come to a gentle rest, stopping of its own accord, before he hooked an arm around his wife's waist and led her back to bed. She lay down with him, tired and warm in his arms, and she looked up at him and whispered: \"How did you do that?\" He merely chuckled and moved his mouth to her ear, holding her there as they both sank into the comfort of the bed and each other, slowly being pulled back to sleep, and he muttered, \"How do you think my mam got me to sleep?\" — Holidays were peculiar. The first year or so had been confusing; neither knew what was celebrated. When Lu'Leas Be Tselares passed, Rae had found herself in a stupor of celebration, and Tracy had calmly explained to her that it was a fairy holiday – put quite simply, Day of the Suns. In FairyLand, many things had changed to accustom time, but the names of their holidays, most cherished days, remained in the Old Elvish used millennias ago. There was nothing inherently wrong or unusual about the celebration, she was merely not accustomed to it. They'd gone to visit his family during Guld Fethel, and she'd been received warmly despite her lack of knowledge. On the reverse,Tracyoften went with Rae to The Human Plane, to celebrate holidays with her family. Things like Thanksgiving and New Year's Eve he understood perfectly well, but Christmas and Easter took some explaining, as fairies did not glorify a Deity, per say, as opposed to a physical entity. But despite their blatant ignorance in each other's worlds, they enjoyed themselves. Tracy enjoyed hearing The Manger Story, delving so far back into human history as to explain such a major part of their modern culture; Rae found the pseudo-sacrificial rites of Guld Fethel intriguing, and was more than happy to learn a thing or two about her husband's culture. After Michelle was born, things only became more interesting during the holidays. InFairyLand, it was never so much of a problem. The air was tingling with magic there, and one fussy child's outburst wasn't sufficient to drastically spike the levels. Oftentimes, if Michelle, as an infant, would get upset during dinner or celebration, it was of little consequence and she was easily calmed by any one of the family – Diana andTracy's mother, Mab, were particularly good at calming Michelle. Often they'd include the little girl in the night's events, passing her from relative to relative and drawing a symbol on her with their finger, before she was returned to her parents. It was all very sweet, their way of blessing the child, Rae supposed, and Michelle didn't seem to mind it any. But that was inFairyLand. The Human Plane was a much different surprised at the vast spectrum of atmosphere one evening could have. One minute they were all laughing and enjoying one another's company, the next the whole room went quiet around the table. Tracy felt not a little out of place as prayer happened, but he just smiled, folded his hands and waited patiently, listening an understanding, in the end, what it was meant for. Christmas Dinner began, the table mingling with one another over the food. It was all rich, heavy foods, much unlike the food made for celebration at home. There was thick sauces and a based bird, and fatigue overtook Tracy early into the meal. It was an unusual experience, and one that seemed to be shared by the rest of the diners (this settled the slight alarm), and he was confident he would have nodded off had Michelle not started crying. It startled him fully awake and he bolted from his seat and moved to her, lifting her from the bassinet and cradled her. \"Oh, you are fussy, aren't you?\" he crooned. Rae excused herself and went to make a bottle for her bounced her and moved into the kitchen with his wife. Michelle was unhappy, face scrunched up in displeasure and crying with force. There was the sound of breaking glass and a surprised yelp from the next room. He looked over his shoulder and saw Rae's older sister mopping liquid off the table. His heart sank. \"Rae, if we can't quite Michelle soon, we may have a problem.\" He said, quietly, peering into the dining room. The moment those words were out of his mouth, Michelle took another deep breath ad let out another shrieking cry. The brown gravy in the boat began to bubbly over violently before off with the rest of Rae's family, clutching his daughter to him protectively What was left of the bird flew to bits, leaving behind a carcass that was gently rocking from the force of the explosion. Another scream, some shouts. He turned on his heel and made a bee line for the door. Fairies were born magical. That is to say, they depended on magic in their bodies to live. Just as humans needed blood and oxygen to survive, fairies needed blood, oxygen and magic , which made certain situations more dangerous for them than for humans. Still, it wasn't as if they had any shortage of it. As magical beings, their bodies were constantly producing it, keeping it flowing in their systems. However, not unlike baby snakes, whose venom is at full potency at birth, but they do not know how to control it, nor did fairy infants. Their bodies often overflowed with magic – some more than others – and this made them all the more precarious to deal with. Their magic would pour from them like electricity, latching on to whatever it could and wreaking havoc in unexpected ways. Here, it seemed Michelle's magic had favored the dining table. Two more glasses exploded andTracyheard the fire alarm in the house go off before he made it safely out of the house. Any extreme emotion experienced by a fairy child could influence such disasters, and have often been known to cause serious injury or worse. He doubted his daughter could manage much with a turkey and some glasses, but if her magic found the carving knife, things could go very wrong indeed. He paced her back and forth in the crisp December air. Winters inMesararely reached above fifty degrees Fahrenheit, or so he was told and, while it wasn't warm out, per say, it was warm enough for the baby to be out there. Besides, he thought dismally, keeping her in there would probably end the night in a trip to the hospital. He kept at it, bouncing her and patting her and crooning to her in hopes of calming her down. Nothing seemed to work, until Rae came out with a warm bottle. He took it from her and pressed it to her lips. Her cries persisted until she realized that she was being fed, until the plastic nipple was in her mouth and she was suckling the bottle. She calmed in increments until she was quietly feeding, content as if nothing had happened. He laughed nervously at his daughter. \"We're going to have to teach you how to control that,\" he said quietly, so the rest of the family, who had begun to join him and his wife in the front of the house, wouldn't hear him. \"You nearly gave your aunt Katie a heart attack with that little stunt.\" As he was looking down at her, his glasses slip off the bridge of his nose, covering his mouth and making him sputter slightly. Almost immediately, Michelle released the bottle, her mouth stretching into a open smile and she laughed, a gurgling, bubbly, infectious laugh. \"Oh, now you're laughing?\" he asked, lowering his head to her cheek and making the same sputtering noises. She shrieked again, this time with laughter. From behind him he heard a hushed \"Oh my God!\" He looked up in alarm, fearing that Michelle's emotional rampage wasn't over. Little flecks of white spotted his glasses, descending from the sky and blanketing everything they touched, refusing to disintegrate and creating a fine white blanket of snow across everything. \"It's snowing , in Mesa !\" Rae's brother exclaimed, spinning his fiancée in the inclement weather. Rae came up and kissed her daughter, who was only laughing harder for the strange flecks of snow falling from above. \"Merry Christmas to you too,\" she said quietly. — It was late. The twin suns had set hours ago, and Michelle sat in the kitchen, at the table, coloring. Rae had rearranged her work schedule so that she could be home and look after her daughter: When Shell went to school, Rae would go to work. Things were chaotic around the house for quite some time but, as always, they made it work. The woman missedTracy– he wasn't home very often, anymore. He'd begun taking overtime, trying to fill the need for Tooth Fairies on extra assignments. He got home around nine, ten o clock on a normal night, and left at six the next morning. \"Mommy, when's daddy coming home?\" the little girl asked, shuffling sheets of paper to find a blank canvas. \"Soon, Shell. But—\" Rae took the crayons from her and scooped the little girl up in her arms. \"For you, it's bed time.\" She crooned. Michelle whined, whishing to stay up until her father returned, but even as Rae carried her back to her own bedroom, the nursery that had been slowly modified for their growing daughter, the girl began to doze off, head resting against her mother's shoulder. \"Daddy's always home by now,\" she said sleepily. \"What if he's not coming home?\" Rae lay her daughter to sleep, tucking her in and kissing her forehead. \"Of course he's coming home. You'll see him in the morning. Goodnight, Shell.\" \"Goodnight, mommy.\" She shut her daughter's door, standing out in the hall for a be home soon. Why hadn't he called? She shook herself and returned to the kitchen to clean up Michelle's impromptu art project, glancing up at the clock every so often. The hands crawled around the rim of the time piece, every minute that passed by only worrying her more. Abandoning all reservation, she plucked the phone from its cradle and punched in his number. It rang, the noise loud and painful in her ear after such still silence. She waited patiently for him to pick it up, one hand holing the phone to her ear, the other clutching nervously at her elbow. It rang again, and again, and after every right there was a pause, a space of silence that she was so sure was going to be filled by his voice. It rang again – his voice never came. Instead, she was greeted by a cold, electronic voice that told her to leave a message. She grimaced and hung up. She wanted to talk to him , not his machine. Rae replaced the phone, settling on the couch and flicking on the lamp on the table next to her. She curled up on the couch, hugging her knees and tucking her feet underneath her. The hours passed; she hoped he'd come home soon. It was five in the morning. The front door opened with the softest click andTracyslipped in, unbuttoning his cuffs and undoing his tie as he moved into the house. He came to a pause halfway to his bedroom, his hear pounding in his chest and the adrenaline pumping through him, shocking him awake as, out of the corner of his eye, he saw movement in the dark. He spun to face it, the fear that boiled in his blood cooling drastically the moment he heard her muffled sigh. As the fear ebbed, the feeling was replaced by a slight somberness. Poor Rae, who had sat up for him, expecting him home and moment – meanwhile, it'd taken him hours to get off of work. The blanket was bunched loosely in her fists, and he moved to her, crouching own in front of her and removing the fabric from her grip. He slid one arm beneath the crook of her knees, the other supporting her back as he lifted her from the couch, moving carefully through the living room and to their bed. He laid her down and gently tugged the sheets from beneath her, pulling them all the way back before laying them gently over her form. When she was safely tuckered away, he removed his shoes and his vest and undid the top few buttons on his shirt before crawling in next to her, burying himself under the covers. He watched her sleeping face for a moment before closing his eyes and drifting off, exhausted after such a hectic night. Rae shuffled, pulling the covers closer around her shoulders. The bed was warm and soft and she sighed deeply. Her mind was muddled with sleep, and it took her a moment to realize that she had fallen asleep on the couch . She opened her eyes, seeing the edge of her bed, the light cream colored sheets, the bed stand and the while washed wall opposite her. She frowned slightly and turned over, twisting herself in the covers in the process, to come face to face with Tracy, who was snuggled close to her and had, she realized, a hand on her hip. He opened his eyes, realizing that he was a wake and he smiled tiredly. \"M'sorry, luv,\" he muttered, running his had up and down her side. \"Didn't mean to worry you, last night,\" he leaned forward to kiss her. \"Where were you?\" she asked, when they broke. \"I called and—\" \"I know. I wanted to call back but by the time I got out of the assignment, it was already one.\" He held her closer. The door opened, and Michelle came bounding in, crawled onto the bed. \"Hi daddy!\" she bubbled, plopping own on him, knocking the wind from him with an 'oof!' before she laughed. \"Hello, flower!\" he said, grabbing her tiny hands and kissing them. \"I'm glad you're home.\" \"Oh,\" he groaned, still fighting off sleep. \"Me too. All day, as it happens!\" Michelle lit up. It was a rare occasion forTracyto be off on a weekend, when his girls were. He moved Michelle off of his stomach, laying her between her parents. \"And I think,\" he said, \"that we'll take today and go out. How about The Waters?\" he looked at his wife, smiling, then back to his daughter. \"How's that sound? Yeah?\" Michelle laughed and threw her arm over him in an attempt at a hug. Rae smiled and sat up, pulling her daughter off ofTracy. \"Sounds like a wonderful idea,\" she said. — Tracy and Rae stood in the garden archway, watching Michelle as she ran through the crowd of children, seeking the few friends she'd made, other children who lived near them. Parents crowded in a messy crescent around the outside of the garden, chatting with one another and pointing out which children were theirs. She leaned back against her husband and smiled – it was Shell's first day of school. He ran his fingers though her hair as they watched. Their little girl was almost six, dirty blonde and striking eyes, blue as the clearest water and flecked with gold. With her small frame and pixie-like face, Rae could see the Human perception of fairies reflected in her daughter. Fairy education was much different that the schooling that Rae had grown up with: Michelle would be taught in regular classes up to a fifth grade level, but after that, what humans would consider core curriculum became scarce in the child's learning. Instead, the academy focused more on training. The classes were geared more towards physical training and developing knowledge of the tools used by Tooth Fairies. Rae would take it upon herself to teach Michelle about her second home, The Human plane, but for now she watched her little girl run off to school for the first time. Shell looked over her shoulder at her parents and immediately came running back, realizing that other children's folks were leaving, failing to take the little ones with them. Her tiny legs carried her as fast as she could go and for a split second, it looked as if she were truly flying. Of course, her wings wouldn't grow in for another few years –Tracyhad promised her that the issues involved with rearing a little girl who had wings would be easily resolved. He did, after all, grow up with two winged sisters, both younger. He reassured her constantly that they would be able to take care of her, proper parents, don't worry yourself, that's the last thing you need. Rae stooped as Michelle came running, throwing her tiny arms around her mother's neck and looking up at her father until he joined them on the ground, wrapping his unusually long arms around the both of them. \"You go find a seat,\" Rae whispered to her daughter. \"You're going to have lots of fun, okay?\" She could feel Shell's little hands tighten in her hair, not wanting to let go. EventuallyTracyremoved her from around his wife and picked her up, kissing her on the cheek before carrying her to the archway and setting her down in the crowd. She waved to her mother once and hugged her father's leg before running off to join her class. Both parents hoped she'd make some good friends in that class – she would be with the same people until graduation, andTracy, of all people, knew what it was like to dislike your back to Rae, to see her jaw set, lips pressed together and a hand at her mouth. Her eyes were watery and he could tell she was trying her best. He moved around behind her and smiled, leaning down to whisper into her ear. \"She's growing up, Rae. It'll be allright.\" She sniffled and nodded. \"All my life, I wondered why moms cry on their kid's first day of school.\" She said, her voice higher than usual. \"Now I get it.\" He kissed her cheek, snaking his arms around her and running his hands over the curve of her rounded belly. \"You should get used to it; you're going to have to do it again, soon.\" He teased.[Chapter 20] Tracy loved the human holidays. It was the most unusual experience for him, to begin celebrating things like Easter for the first time in nearly four hundred years with Rae and her family, but it was intriguing as well. He loved participating in the odd festivities and spending time with the family. They were more than welcoming of him, even after the nervous habits he adopted after his last stay on The Human Plane. They made sure they were careful around him, and knew to take it slow, tried their hardest to make him feel safe and normal. Of course, this behaviour died down over the course of a few years. He gradually became more and more comfortable, less jumpy and less paranoid. By the time Michelle was born, the frantic demeanour had all but disappeared. He was able to go back to The Human Plane. Sure, it evoked unpleasant memories, things he would have preferred to leave in the dank cellars of his mind, to rot in forgetfulness, but he pushed those thoughts aside, fought them constantly when they reared their angry heads. Of course, they continued to celebrate Christmas every year, though they eventually stopped going to Rae's world to celebrate. Her family was taken from her, after four or five decades, and neither saw the need to go back to The Human Plane, especially once Michelle's wings came in. They saw it as too much of a risk. While He, Rae and baby Lucas were all wingless, Tracy wasn't willing to put his daughter in such danger. But time passed, nearly twenty years since her wings came in, and he could tell that his wife was getting a little homesick, longing for the traditional feeling of Christmas from her time on the Human Plane. The winter months there would get cold, where as, in Fairy Land, winter was virtually non-existent. She longed, perhaps not for snow, but for the opportunity to experience Christmas in the atmosphere she grew up in, where she cherished the holiday, where it truly meant something. He waged an internal war when a co worker, a wingless fairy like himself, who could get easily around on the Human Plane without discrimination or fear, told him about the Ice show that stationed itself in his wife's home town every year. He and his fiancée were going to go, and he suggested it might be nice, to take the kids to see real snow! Tracy wondered why Rae had never mentioned it. She shared so many fond memories of her time with her family, and it was almost a shock to him that she'd left out the annual Ice show. After some reasoning, he deducted that she'd pointedly avoided mentioning the show to keep him from doing exactly what he was doing then. Still, he didn't mention it to Rae until he had decided, until he was absolutely sure that his decision was plausible, that - yes - they were going. —- It was a wonderful bout of nostalgia for Rae, to be back home, in the cold weather after such a long time of constant spring. The Ice show was a good twenty below freezing, and Michelle had been completely enamoured by the way her breath became visible in the cold air. Still, the cold was a tricky thing to master, as it was a sharp, dry cold. It had turned out that the little girl's mittens were far too big for her, falling off of her hands on more than once occasion; Tracy had taken Lucas to get Michelle a smaller pair. The exhibit itself was massive, separated into several rooms, each themed differently. The one they happened to be standing in was a spectacular ice-recreation of a downtown park, with tall, slim lamp posts that reflected the light around them, a bench or two that was rather too cold to sit on properly, and an ice skating rink in the middle of the room, the barrier of which was one of the only structures in the room that was not sculpted of ice. Rae leaned against the wall separating the ice rink from the walk. \"I used to love coming here, every year my mom and dad would take me, and we'd skate together. How about it? Let's find daddy and we can all -\" The woman looked down, her stomach dropping into oblivion \"Michelle?\" she called, her voice materializing in front of her in her panic. She spun, gaze sweeping across the confines of the tent. \"Michelle!\" There was no answer. Her heart pounded in her chest as she spied her husband, ducking back into the temperature-regulated tent with Lucas and a smaller pair of mittens for the little girl who was nowhere to be found. \"Tracy! Tracy, she's gone!\" she cried. \"Michelle!\" The man gave a start, his blood running colder than the ice. Everything ached at once as fear coursed its way through him; scars that hadn't hurt in years suddenly burned against his skin as he thought of her, alone here of all places, young and vulnerable. He grabbed hold of his wife, trying to stabilize both of them at the same time. Shimmering tears appeared at the edges of her eyes and formed thin tracks of ice on her flushed cheeks as they fell. \"We'll find her; I'll get the security.\" he placed a kiss at her forehead, forced and frantic, before handing their son to her and shooting off, thankful for his tall frame as he was able to see over the crowd, able to search for his daughter. The heavy yellow parkas that everyone wore did not help matters - it made each person indistinguishable from the next, but she was his daughter for Mab's sake. He'd know. He would know. There were exclamations of annoyance and shouts of anger as he pushed his way through the crowd. He laid one hand on a man's shoulder to ease him out of the way and hissed, drawing back, stumbling and clutching at his open palm. Sitting in the middle of his palm was a neat red dot, a burn on his skin. And iron burn. Wide eyes flickered to the man's parka, which had two large metal clasps holding the collar down to each shoulder. Every parka had them, even his own. When the realization hit, he quickly shed the garment, burning skin the only thing protecting him from the below freezing temperatures within the exhibition. \"Hey, buddy, you allright?\" he heard. His gaze snapped from the shed coat on the ground to the man he'd tried to move from his path. He didn't respond - perhaps he couldn't, he didn't think to try - but merely chose a safer spot on the parka to take a grip on, and pushed past him and his girlfriend. His breathing picked up as the burning sensation on his palm remained. She had to be safe. They had to find her, because she was a Faeid, and would be ruined in this world. He had to protect her. —- Michelle had been swept away by the torrents of people who had exited the rink. They'd pushed and shoved and nearly trampled her out of their way, with them, and before she knew it she was away from her mother, an ever-increasing sea of people separating them. She tried to step around them, to get a better view of her mother, but every move she made only seemed to drag her further away, like a rip tide. Rae disappeared into the scores of people, an identical yellow-clad figure among dozens and dozens. Michelle panicked. Almost instantly, she cried out for her mother, her tiny, shy voice lost under the din of Christmas music and the ambient noise of the people. She knew a hopeless cause when she saw one, and turned to exit the tent, to find her father. She knew he'd left only moments ago to switch out the gloves. She pushed past the heavy plastic drape of the tent and was dismayed to find another sea of yellow figures, all tromping about nearly identical to one another and very confusing, as she was so tiny, and they seemed to tower over her. Not in the way her parents did - these figures towered over her maliciously, purposefully hiding her from her parents, and vice versa. Her vision became clouded by tears of distress, and her voice lowered, coming out in a choked whine as she spun around, looking desperately for her parents. The blush rose to her cheeks as she became too warm with the parka on. She took three steps, not truly watching where she was going, but trying to watch the faces of the adults who passed her, hoping one of them would be familiar, and ran into someone, tumbling in a heap at their feet. She fought to untangle herself and run away, but there was soon a pair of hands on her shoulders, trying to pry the parka away from her small body, and she refused, flattening her wings against her back and trying to get away. The strain became too great, the pain in her back blossoming. Daddy had told her that it was possible to retract her wings, he'd told her that sometimes it might be necessary, especially when here, in Mommy's world. But he'd told her that it could be dangerous, if done for too long. He told her not to do it unless she absolutely had to. She had to. The person picked her up, and she could tell it was not either of her parents - it just felt wrong - and rested the young girl on the hip, taking to unbuttoning the parka. Michelle stopped struggling, unable to, for the heat of the coat and the pain in her back caused her to slump forward, resting her cheek against the adult's shoulder, breathing heavily. A hand ran up and down her spine in a comforting sort of gesture, but retreated quickly upon feeling the odd protrusion of the girl's wings. Michelle fell asleep. —- She was taken into the lady's restroom in the building, where the woman made sure that there was no one else in the room before locking the door and leaning against the sink counter, cradling the young girl. It had been an accident - she'd merely meant to help a little lost girl find her parents. What she hadn't expected to find was a fairy. She'd always believed in fairy tales - stories of the fantastic and the supernatural, of things that no one else believed in. She'd always believed they they were around without anyone knowing, and this seemingly young child was proof. She removed the fairy's parka carefully, watching as her wings sprang forth, beautiful purple gossamer wings that, for all their majesty, did not seem as if they would very well support the fairy's frame in flight. This was a curious thing, for what was the point of wings if not to fly? Of course, she was working under the assumption that Michelle was not a child, but an adult that only looked like a child - a concept not uncommon in the human's perception of fairies. At any length, she knew that she had to get the little fairy out of there - a public place, with so many to be frightened or resentful, was no place for her, where she could be hurt so easily. At the very least, until she came to, Jennifer would take the responsibility of the winged girl unto herself; she would protect her. She removed her own parka and her jacket, draping it over the girl's shoulders to conceal the wings to an acceptable degree, and took up the two yellow parkas, intending to return them to the front desk and bring the poor fairy home, where she would give it time to recover from the shock, let her know she was safe and help her find her way home. —- Rae began shaking. It had been a half an hour at least since Michelle had gone missing. Tracy was off trying to find her, and the crowd was growing steadily as the day outside became hotter and hotter. She ran through the crowds, calling her daughter's name to no avail. Though she did not know it, Michelle was long gone, heading at some fifty miles per hour into the heart of Mesa, where Jennifer lived. There was a shout from the crowd, and the sudden, familiar feeling of Tracy's arms around her, her cheek pressed to his chest. She could feel him trembling as well and knew that he was terrified. For her to be so scared for her child, yet for him to know first hand what could happen to her here, was overwhelming for the both of them. The state of the other was enough to tell each that she was no where to be found. They remained for the rest of the night, watching the crowd thin, each human leaving and clearing the room. They remained until everyone was gone, until nine o clock when the building closed and the lights were turned off until the next morning. They remained on the steps of the place, not knowing what to do next but hold each other and try to let the other know that it would be okay, that they would find her, that she would be allright. They both knew they were lying. —- Michelle woke up some hours later, much after it had gotten dark out. She was comfortable, though cautious of her surroundings. This place, this house was not familiar, and with the slow dread of realization, she recalled what had happened at the centre. Clutching the covers, she began to worry, to become fearful of the warm house she found herself in. Her eyes were wide as she tossed the blanket back, swinging her legs over the side of the couch and sitting upright, glancing around the room to come face to face with the woman who stood in the doorway directly in front of her. Michelle's wings flapped absently, preparing for a flight attempt so that she could escape at a moment's notice. She may have been young, but Michelle was not dumb by any means. She knew that this was dangerous. She'd been told about how humans would be, how they wouldn't know how to react, so would be violent and mean instead. She knew that her wings, her heritage was dangerous, and she knew that this woman, standing in front of her, was as well. Jennifer clearly saw the fear in the fairy's eyes. She smile gently, taking a deep breath. \"I'm not going to hurt you. Are you feeling better?\" she asked, hoping to elicit a response from the girl. A simple nod of the head. \"That's good,\" she responded. \"Mind if I come sit down?\" Michelle thought for a moment, then nodded her head, allowing the woman to enter her own living room and sit next to her. She noticed how the woman didn't seem to want to take her eyes off her wings, and became distressed, fidgeting uncomfortably and batting her wings, a natural reflex that was a clear sign that she needed space. Jennifer knew the signs and meanings, if only from birds. It was an instinct, she was sure - the little fairy probably had no idea she was doing it, but she would respect the needs of the fae all the same. She scooted backwards, towards the opposite end of the couch, and the girl seemed confused by this. Jennifer gave another smile. \"So,\" she said, hoping that her voice was gentle enough, not betrayed by the excitement she felt. \"You're a long way from home, aren't you?\" —- They remained on The Human Plane that night. They didn't let go of one another all night, even if it was as little contact as a hand on the knee. They needed it, to know that the other was there, to know that they each still had their anchor and, as long as they had that, they would be allright. They would find her . They lay in bed together after lying Lucas down to sleep, as close as possible, neither saying a word. They had to wait - that was all that was left to do, they'd been told. Neither parent accepted that as an answer. They wanted their little girl back, but there was nothing to do in the dead of night but lie awake and pray that she was safe. Tracy rubbed his hand along the curve of his wife's back, trying to comfort her into a sleep - in the end, it was a fitful one, but one all the same, and that's what mattered to him. He was resigned to lie there awake until exhaustion blanketed his body. He knew he would not be able to fall asleep unless it was because he couldn't stay awake any longer. Too many things were running around his mind for him to rest, too many memories, nightmares of his time held captive that, no matter how hard he tried to forget, to tell himself that it was long over and that he was safe, remained, burned in the forefront of his mind like the old iron burn that remained on his stomach. His little girl was in danger because of what she was, more than he ever was because of her wings. If someone had found her before them, would they treat her kindly, despite the wings, despite her inhumanity? Of course not. He dreaded to think what would happen to her if someone found her, and tried to put it from his mind, but every time he closed his eyes he saw ghostly images of larger men dragging her away in restraints, oblivious to her pleas, the cried of a child as they forced her into submission with any number of things. Tracy knew that it would not take much to have her behave - a stern talking to was the most either parent had ever needed - but these people did not, and fear and misunderstanding makes people do rash things. He turned over, away from his wife, and tried to curl in on himself. What was the alternative? To have Michelle still wandering, terrified and just as susceptible to harm. He wanted her to be safe, he wanted her to be back with them. The smallest of noises passed his lips as he shuddered, curling tighter and moaning. There was movement from behind him, and he froze, fearful now that he'd woken Rae up. He held his breath and prayed that she would go back to sleep. There was a hand brushing at the side of his face, running through his hair. \"We'll find her, safe and sound.\" he heard, and he turned over to face her, taking her into his arms and holding her; she was forever reassuring, and he took comfort in her warmth, her solidity, and fell asleep. —- Jennifer came back into the living room with two steaming mugs, sitting down next to the child and handing her a cup. \"How's that?\" she asked, as the young girl took a sip. She was surprised to hear that the fairy had more or less of a normal diet - subconsciously, she'd been under the impression that fairies lived off of something odd, like cream or flower nectar, the latter of which she felt a slight embarrassment for thinking. It was obvious just by the fairy's size that she did not live off of flower nectar. The fact that, upon being asked, the girl had requested tea, struck Jennifer as odd, but she obliged nonetheless. The fairy had explained that her parents made tea all the time, and it was a common beverage around their house. At the mention of a house, Jennifer's mind automatically conjured an image of a small home constructed from toadstools and leaves. This was perhaps more ridiculous than the notion of her diet. The girl nodded and thanked Jennifer, but otherwise seemed very reserved. Of course, she had every right to be, having been so far from home, wherever that may be, and largely in a world that could mean her death if she weren't careful. She quietly reassured the fairy that she was safe here, and asked her name. Her wings beat gently as she muttered her name, too afraid of her human host to object. \"Michelle.\" \"Michelle,\" the woman repeated. \"That's lovely. I'm Jennifer.\" she offered, \"What are you doing all the way in Mesa?\" She stared into her cup before answering. \"Mum used to live here. She and daddy took me to see the ice. We don't get winter where we live.\" \"Where's that?\" he asked. This was the first time that the notion of Michelle being a child crossed the woman's mind. Michelle shifted uncomfortably. \"Fairy Land. It's not around here. You have to do magic to get there and it's really hard.\" Jennifer nodded. \"I'm sure it is.\" she said, a subtle dread creeping over her. She'd taken the girl from the ice show, thinking that she was an adult fairy, in need of help and home, not a child whose parents were in the self same building! Her stomach somersaulted inside of her, and she set her mug on the little glass table at her side. \"I'll tell you what. I'm sure your parents are very worried, but it's very late. How about we call them in the morning. Do you know your parents' number?\" Michelle thought hard; she'd learned her mother's number not too long ago, and could recall it easily, but her mind was clouded by fear and fatigue, and she pressed her lips together, her face scrunched up. \"That's okay. We'll think of it in the morning. You can come with me, if you'd like. There's an extra bedroom upstairs. The couch can't be too comfortable, with your wings. Come on.\" she took the little girl's hand and led her up the stairs, to a closed white door. Inside was a bedroom not unlike her own back in Fairy Land. the walls were a soft pink, and all around were shelves of figurines, little fairies that sat happily on toadstools or danced around a daisy. Michelle couldn't help but smile at the little dryad statues; it was almost like a part of home. The bed itself was comfortable, but cold and stiff, as if no one had laid in in for some time. The feeling drove shivers down the girl's spine, but the feeling gradually passed as she lie down herself to sleep. —- Rae woke to Tracy, the next morning, a grim frown set on his lips and his striking aqua eyes under set by dark circles. He raised a hand to her cheek, thumbing away the tears that had slipped down her face upon waking, shed in her sleep. Each could see the night that the other had had, desperate and fearful and unable to rest. He threw and arm over her and held her closer, ducking his head into the crook of her shoulder and stroking her hair, trying to comfort her. From the table on the other side of the hotel room, the phone in Rae's purse rang. —- Jennifer had woken Michelle up early, telling her that they were going to call her parents now, that she was going to go home safe. The number had rung twice before a man had picked it up, and the tone of his voice was enough to tell the woman that it was the right number. She'd thanked him and turned to look at Michelle, who was sitting across from her with a bowl of cereal and a spoon clutched in her tiny hand, and winked at the girl, letting her know that she would talk to her parents soon. The woman, Rae, was choking back tears. Jennifer could hear it in her voice, even over the phone. She apologized to the distraught mother for taking her child from the convention centre, she didn't know. Rae wasn't sure what to feel towards the woman. There was seething anger that she'd taken Michelle, but there was gratefulness that she'd kept the child safe, only having taken her with good intentions. \"I do know, however, about your daughter's… uhm… Michelle's wings.\" Rae swallowed hard, glancing fearfully at her husband, who was currently getting dressed, readying to go get his daughter. This is what he'd been afraid of. This is why he'd protested bringing her to the Ice show, because he was afraid that someone would know, that they would try to hurt her. He was so resentful of this world, fearful of it and fearful for his safety and the safety of his family. She told the woman that it was normal, it would be explained when they got there. —- It was a short twenty minute drive to Jennifer's house, though every mile seemed like an eternity for the parents. They'd been assured that their daughter was safe, that they'd wait for them to get to the house, that nothing was going to happen, but there was still that unnerving dread. Tricksters, brutes, liars, he thought bitterly, the scars on his stomach burning. He rested a hand on his wife's shoulder as she drove, jaw clenched tightly and sick to his stomach. He didn't try to fool himself - he was scared. He was frightened for his family because he knew first hand what could happen. His heart hammered in his chest and his breathing came out shakily, the weight in his torso too great for him to breathe properly. —- The doorbell rang, and Michelle looked up from where she and Jennifer were sitting in the living room. The woman got up immediately to answer the door, instructing the little girl to remain on the couch. While she was more than eager to see her parents, Jennifer told her that there was no guarantee that it was them; better to be safe than sorry. And thus, she alone went to the door. Standing on her porch was a young couple. The man was very wide eyed and loomed over her, coming in at something she guessed was around seven feet tall. She had to tilt her head back to look up at him. His hands wrung together incessantly in a show of nervousness that struck pity into her. His counterpart, his wife, was nearly two feet shorter than him, eyes darting about frantically, searching the face of the woman standing in the doorway. She held a baby at her hip, probably no more than three. Jennifer frowned at the couple. They certainly did seem genuinely distressed for their daughter. However, they were also all human. Her frown deepened. \"Who are you?\" she asked, her voice toneless as she looked the two over, her form blocking the doorway, although they could clearly hear the telly on inside. Her voice struck a chord of anger in the man, who drew himself up to his full height and, chest heaving, asked for his daughter. How dare she? How could she possibly find the justification to withhold their daughter? Did she not know, did she not clearly see the distress and distrust? Did she not care that she'd taken their little girl from them? Rae's fingers laced between his before he curled them into a fist, and started forward. \"Please,\" she said. \"We just want Michelle.\" When the woman spoke, Jennifer could hear the tone of ugly distress, the sadness and the fear. She could hear a mother's concern, and - despite the fact that these two were almost certainly not parents to a fairy - she felt a pang of pity. \"The wings,\" the woman said, her voice softened, now, holding a sympathy for the 'parents' that she hoped appeased the man. He was rather intimidating. \"I'm just trying to protect her. How are you her parents if you're both human?\" \"I-I'm not,\" he breathed, his face paling and arms folding across his stomach. \"I'm a fairy, a wingless fairy, please. Please, where is she?\" She stared at him in shock for a moment, to see his demeanour change so suddenly. It hit home with her more than her mother's inflections did, for him to be so frightened of her, and she pressed her lips together and nodded sharply, turning and leaving the doorway for a moment to beckon to the young Faeid. She peeked around the corner wall uncertainly, shy thing that she was, but the moment she saw her parents, standing in the door fearful and bedraggled for the events of the last day, she darted forward, her wings fluttering in excitement as they embraced her, lifted her up and covered her in kiss after kiss. She could hear her mother crying softly into her hair between kisses, and her father stood over her, lifting her face to check her, asking her the perfunctory questions - Are you okay? What happened? Did she tell anyone? Were you alone? and the such - and she answered truthfully each one, satisfying her father's frantic interrogation. Jennifer looked on in happiness and no little amount of awe at the reuniting of the family. When it seemed that the parents' frenzy had died down a bit, she offered her hand to the mother. \"I'm sorry,\" she said gently as they shook. \"I truly had no idea she was a child. I just thought she needed help.\" Tracy took the little girl from his wife's arms and held her close against him, looking down at the woman. Jennifer was shocked to see his weary countenance, even after having his daughter safe in his arms. She suspected it ran deeper than the lost child, than the knowledge of humans and their ways towards magic. She wondered how far deep it ran and, as the little girl clutched at his shirt, tiny handfuls of cloth pulling his neckline down, she saw the remnants of what was once a gruesome scar. Her breath caught as he stared down at her. \"She did,\" he said, his voice barely above a whisper. \"Thank you for providing it, for protecting her. Even if you didn't… know. She was lost. If someone, any one else had found her before we did… we might not have been so lucky. We might not have her back.\" he said. \"Thank you.\" Though she couldn't quite explain why, Jennifer felt tears rising in her eyes as she smiled thinly and nodded at the parents, reaching out and giving Michelle's hand a squeeze. \"You stay close to your mom and dad now, okay?\" she asked. The girl nodded. \"Hailee wants to thank you for taking care of me, too.\" a grin crossed the girl's face. \"She thought it was cool to have a fairy in her bedroom.\" Jennifer watched on in shock as the three bid farewell and disappeared into thin air, back home to the home the young girl had told her about. —- That was when things changed for him. He had been so terrified for his daughter in the hours that she'd been missing, so certain that she'd been abused and taken and held against her will, misunderstood and treated wrongly by the humans, the same humans that had done so to him decades ago. But Jennifer, her want to protect his daughter for sheer kindness, reminded him that The Human Plane wasn't to be feared, wasn't to be looked upon as a place for fairies to have their lives ripped from them. Because people like her existed.[Chapter 21] It had been completely unexpected, as her son's due date was still two weeks into the future. She'd been standing outside the garden gates, waiting for Michelle to come out of her classes when all of a sudden she'd felt a warm wet pooling around her thighs, drawing no little amount of attention to herself as she dropped her things. Donella sprang into action immediately, gathering her friend's belongings quickly and leading Rae out of the Garden. Michelle would go home with her friend Venus until Iris could come pick her up. It was the sort of thing they had planned – though not for such a sudden situation. Rae was rushed to the ward, unable to be taken to taken to The Human Plane in the surprise of the moment, her contractions starting on the way. She was terrified; she knew the risks of a premature birth. She was frightened the baby wouldn't make it or that there would be complications with the birth. She fought to keep her composure, biting back tears as the contractions shot through her, as fairies swarmed around her, and the only thing she could think of was her husband. At any moment, she was certain that he would come rushing into the ward, right to her side and he would take her hand and quiet her fears. He would be there for her as he always was, and she kept her head turned toward the only set of doors in the room, the only way he could come in, waiting for the doors to burst open. The contractions worsened and the nurses spread an odd salve across the lower part of her stomach that numbed her, took all the feeling from her waist down, and her breath quickened, deepened, making her head spin and she was certain that if she weren't laying down that she would have collapsed. She began calling for him, begging the nurses to find him, bring him here, please! And it was all they could do to calm her, to assure her that they were trying to get in contact with her husband, but no luck. She followed their instructions in a daze, breathing and pushing at intervals and squeezing the nurse's hand as she knelt by her side, all the time wishing it were Tracy's hand, Tracy's voice reassuring her that everything was going well. She couldn't focus, she could hardly even hear the chorus of cheers from around her as the head nurse held her son, tiny and pink and crying at the top of his small lungs, distraught to be out in the world as Rae was without her husband at her side. She let out a shaky laugh, vision swimming as they took him away, too, and one choked sob before she passed out. It was an odd sensation that woke her up after the stressful delivery. Her thoughts immediately flew back to her son, who had been taken from her to be cleaned up and placed in the neonatal unit for specific tests to make sure he was healthy despite his premature birth. Her heart ached with the hope that he was okay. But as she stirred awake, the peculiar feeling persisted. She recognized it as fingers, brushing against her cheek and she smiled, feeling whoever sat next to her shift their weight, leaning forward and ducking their head to her, taking her in a kiss. \"I'm late,\" he said sadly as she opened her eyes. \"I'm so, so sorry, my honeybee.\" He rubbed his thumb rhythmically across the crest of her cheek, and she reached up, removing his hand and smiling gently. She wasn't mad, quite the opposite, she was just so relieved that he was finally there. His fingers curled around hers. \"I talked to the nurses; Lucas is doing well, thought you might want to know.\" The knot in her stomach slowly disappeared, the promise of her son's safety quelling her fears. \"Where were you ?\" she asked gently. He leaned forward and pushed a stray strand of hair from her face, kissing her forehead. \"Trapped,\" he whispered. \"Little girl had a nightmare, and with me knocking about in her room, she woke right up, screamed and got both her folks involved. Had to spray myself invisible and stand out of the way until she went back to sleep and I could get the tooth. Poor thing, she was up and absolutely hysterical. Took every ounce of will power not to show myself and help calm her. Probably should have, though, considering that left you here alone , while I was on assignment. I'm so sorry,\" he repeated. She hushed him and told him not to fret about it. She told him that Michelle was with Iris, and he took out his cell phone so that they could call their daughter. It was his sister who answered the phone, and they had a brief chat, telling her that everything was well; Yes, Tracy was here now, is Michelle behaving? They thanked her for taking their daughter at such short notice and all Iris could do was laugh. She asked if they wanted to talk to her, she was upstairs reading. A beat passed asTracy's sister went to hand the phone to the little girl she was looking over. There was the soft rustle of static between them as Michelle took the phone. \"Hello?\" \"Hi, flower,\"Tracysaid gently to the phone, which was set on speaker and between them. \"Mam and dad wanted to know how you're doing.\" \"I'm okay. Did mom have a baby?\" she asked. \"I did,\" Rae answered. \"You're a big sister now, Shell. You've got a baby brother.\" \"What's his name?\" she asked. \"His name is Lucas, dear.\" \"Tell him I said welcome to the family. He's going to like it here.\" Both parents had to suppress laughter at their daughter's antics. \"I sure will, flower,\" he said gently. \"Why don't you put your Aunt Iris back on for me? I need to talk to her about you staying there for the night until mam gets out of the hospital. Is she there?\" \"Yeah, one second.\" As Michelle went to hand the phone back to Iris,Tracytook the phone off of speaker and meandering over to a corner of the ward room. \"Here she is, dad.\" \"Okay flower; we love you, and we'll be home soon. Behave for your Aunt now.\" She promised she would and handed off the phone. Hours later, Rae sat in the hospital bed, cradling the little bundle that had just been returned to her. The room was dark and quiet, the only sound the steady humming of the lights and the quiet gurgling noises coming from her son. She hushed him, bouncing him gently in her arms. \"Lucas,\" she crooned, as he began to fuss. By this time, her cheeks were stained and there was nothing left in her, no energy or tears, and she focused wholly on her son, who was squirming gently in her arms, and she crooned to him;Tracykneeled next to her, never leaving her side, and she passed the tiny bundle to him, letting him hold his son. \"Hello, bud,\" he whispered to the newborn, who had begun to cry for the motion of shifting from one parent to the next. Tracyrocked the baby gently, a careful technique born of having to cradle Michelle so often in her infancy, and the little boy was quieted almost instantly. Rae smiled at her husband, though he didn't see it – he was such a good father, though he fretted about it all the time, worrying over his mannerisms around the kids, how he handled them, and he would never believe her when she told him, but she could see it. He was a wonderful father, and she and their children alike were the luckiest people on either plane of existence, to have him. Before long, a nurse came back to take Lucas to the neonatal ward. In the morning, the nurse said, they would bring him back and let him rest with his parents before the final bath – from what his wife told him when Michelle was born, it was almost like a christening. The bath was prepared of a mixture of The Waters and other herbs, most of which could only be grown inFairyLand. Except, instead of the bath signifying an acceptance into a human religion, it was more practical, acting as a medical procedure of sorts, making the young child less vulnerable to potent magic. Often times, this was done for full fairy newborns, as extra precaution. The amount of magic in a child's body could sometimes prove dangerous, even with the bath, but for half-fairies, it was almost essential. Humans were so sensitive to magic, and with Rae's heritage, neither parent objected to the bath. For the night, though, they were left allowed to remain with her for the remainder of her stay in the ward. Come the morning though, they would take their new arrival home. It'd been a long day, Rae thought, returning home with Lucas. Things had to be done very carefully when dealing with The Human Plane – it'd been so long, nearly half a century that she'd dropped off the face of the planet. To them, the humans, she no longer existed. She couldn't exist, for the sake of keeping her family safe, and they were careful to do everything in such a manner as to be as discreet as possible. Doctor's appointments were paid in cash, she used a false name and gave a false address. The phone number and email address were marked as preferred methods of communication, and those she gave freely. Neither could be traced and both could be changed at any time. To be home after a long day in her old world was such a comfort – she hadn't realized how taxing it was to be so far from the constant energy of magic, so far from home . So it was good to be back, sitting on the bed and nursing Lucas with Michelle sitting at the edge of the bed, telling her about her day at The Academy. There was a knock on the bedroom door, andTracypeeked his head in. The little girl got up and ran to him, allowing him to hoist her into the air. \"Oh, hello, flower!\" he as he moved carefully to the bedside, leaning over and kissing his wife quickly before he could lose balance. \"Hello, honeybee. And hello, little man! Oh, look at you,\" he held Michelle at his hip and, with his free hand, tried to smooth down the infant's spiky brown hair; it was a useless effort. Lucas continued to suck on the bottle as he stared curiously up at his , setting Michelle down. \"You comfy there, with you mam?\" \"Shell, dear, go get ready for bed,\" Rae said, and her daughter ran off to put on pajamas and brush her teeth, leaving her mother and father. She turned to her husband. \"I took Lucas to the clinic today.\" She said, \"While Shell was at The Academy.\" He took the baby from his wife's arms, holding the bottle as well once he was settled. The baby smiled up at his father when the man cooed at him. \"Yeah? What did Doctor Miles have to say?\" Doctor Miles was a human practitioner whom Rae had gone to for the day. He wasn't disclosed any information when Rae took Lucas, inquiring if he shared the same 'deformity' as her daughter. It was an advantage to have a doctor on The Human Plane – Fairies rarely had the ability to tell whether their children were going to be winged or not. \"Well?\"Tracypushed, bouncing the boy in his arms. Rae didn't say anything, but merely smiled and shook her head. Lucas was a wingless fairy. He looked down, removing the empty bottle from the baby's mouth and handing it off to his wife, who sat it on the bedside table. \"Oh, sorry about that, mate,\" he said softly. \"S'my fault. Like your old dad, eh?\" \"With any luck,\" Rae whispered warmly.[Chapter 22] Rae brought Michelle home early that day. The Academy had called just as both parents were giving Lucas a bath. Had Michelle been hurt? No, not particularly, but she was to be taken home and tended to. She'd trusted bath time to Tracy and, heart in her throat, hastily explained to him what she'd been told and rushed to meet Michelle at the Garden Gates. She sat there with her back pressed firmly against one of the pillars of the arc, wriggling slightly. When asked what the problem was, Michelle merely answered, \"My back burns,\" but her mother could hear the obvious discomfort in her voice. There wasn't much to do until they arrived home, save for asking questions. Why does your back burn? I don't know. What were you doing? Sitting in class, waiting for the instructor to call me for the demonstration. When was this? Half an hour ago. The questions yielded no useful answers, and by the time the two got home, Rae took matters into her own hands, moving them into the bathroom and having Michelle remove her dress and face her back to the older woman. The mother gasped when she saw the cause of her daughter's ailment: fine purple feathers sprouted from her skin, in the same pattern that they decorated her husband's back. A thick white substance clung to the down, matting it to her skin, which was peeling. \"What is it?\" Michelle asked. Rae had no good answer for this, as it happened. She told her daughter to remain in the bathroom as she stepped out, seeking Tracy, who had just put Lucas back in the crib – the infant was often tired after baths. She rounded the door frame of the nursery, and he turned to face her after he'd locked the gate in place. \"What's the matter?\" he asked. \"Is she allright?\" Another question that she didn't have an answer to. She tried to answer, her mouth opening and words barely forming. \"Just… come on, you're up for this one.\" She sighed, leading her husband back to where their daughter waited patiently. At first glance, there was nothing wrong with the girl, but when Rae turned her around, and Tracy could see the fine feathers lining her spine and shoulder blades, he sounded off and gave a clap, afterwards fearing that he might have woken the baby in his excitement. He crouched down to her, resting on the balls of his feet, bouncing slightly as he explained to his wife and daughter. \"This.\" he said, pointing to the area of irritation on her back, \"This is the beginning stage of wing development!\" It all took a moment to process for Rae. Wing development . Of course, she knew it was going to happen at some point, given her DNA, but her daughter was growing wings . It was almost as surreal as the night Tracy – who, at the time had been a sketchy stranger who she was so sure was a Tooth Fairy – had whisked her away to the realm she now called home. The thought cycled through her head a few times before a wide grin crept across her lips, replacing her blank expression. Both parents knelt and hugged their child together, kissing her cheek in turn, and Rae could tell just what this meant for Tracy, someone who had gone his whole life ridiculed and put down by others for the lack of the very thing his daughter was graced with. The girl between them wriggled slightly in discomfort and her parents all but sprang into action,Tracy pulling a white wash cloth from the cabinet he was positioned next to, running the tap and waiting for it to warm up. Even though he hadn't grown wings, this was something that every fairy experienced, the spontaneous growth of the fluff lining the base of the wings. Rae sat herself on the floor, behind Michelle, and was handed the wash cloth once Tracy had run it under hot water, pawing gently at the light purple fluff that lined her spine and shoulder blades. A white gelatinous substance matted the stuff to her skin, which was raw and peeling around the lines, as if she'd sustained sunburn. Tracy leaned against the counter in the bathroom. \"You're going to have beautiful purple wings, just like your mam had.\" He said excitedly. His daughter looked up at him. \"Am I going to lose my wings, too?\" \"No, sweetheart,\" Rae answered, standing and washing the gunk from the rag, moving Tracy out of the way. \"No, my wings weren't permanent. I'm not a fairy, like daddy. I could only have them for a little while.\" She moved back to her daughter, sitting and resuming the work. \"Will it hurt? Growing wings?\" Rae paused for a fraction of a second, looking up at her husband. Her wings hadn't been natural – they'd been magic and hadn't been grown , per stuttered, unsure of how to answer it – he had no wings of his own! \"I – I, uh… no.\" he offered. \"No, no it shouldn't.\" Tracy was a wingless fairy, true, but he'd grown up with two older sisters, both winged – neither one of them had experienced any pain that he was aware of. As Rae wiped the white gunk from Michelle's back, the warm water of the rag matted the fluff further; as it dried„ it stood on end. \"Don't you worry, flower.\" He said, stooping down and hooking a finger under her chin to lift her gaze. \"You're a faeid – this is completely natural.\" He reassured her. Michelle's eyes went wide as her mother began gently rubbing away at the torn skin on her back; it was an uncomfortable sensation at first, but she eventually relaxed. \"How come you don't have wings?\" she asked. Tracy felt his face pink slightly and swallowed his pride. \"Never grew any,\" he answered. \"Some fairies just can't, you know. Wingless fairies.\" The little girl nodded, accepting his answer in understanding. When Rae had cleaned her daughter's back, she ran her fingers gently through the fluff to separate the feathers. \"There,\" she said finally, and Michelle pulled her dress back over her head. \"Your wings should grow in soon,\" Tracy said, picking her up and helping his wife up from the floor. \"And they're going to be spectacular, I can tell.\" The morning was still; Rae was feeding Lucas, who was spitting everything back up. Tracy was making tea, and Shell was still asleep. \"D'you think she's still alive up there?\" the woman asked, taking a cup from her husband with thanks. He snorted. \"For all we know she could have sprouted her wings in the middle of the night and flown away!\" he joked, sitting down next to her; he took the spoon and baby food from his wife and spun Lucas's high chair around. \"'Lo, bud! How's the food here?\" he asked the boy as Rae got up to wake Michelle. Lucas wasn't having any part of breakfast that morning, spitting out whatever Tracy spooned into his mouth. Within the first two minutes, his glasses were pattered with creamed oats – feeding had always been an ordeal at this age, even with Michelle. Still, he merely laughed and tried again. \"Aren't you rebellious, you little pip-squeak! Hate to see what you're going to be like in a few years!\" which was a lie, really. He knew that Lucas would grow up well – there wasn't a doubt in the man's mind that he was going to experience the darker side of fairy culture, not with his peculiar family and, worst of all, the still prevalent wing discrimination in society. A part of him wanted to apologize for that – it was his genetics, after all, that rendered his son wingless and at a disadvantage in a wing-dominant society, but he reminded Lucas – and himself – that there was nothing wrong with being a wingless fairy. He spooned more oats into the boy's mouth and he laughed, the food immediately making a retreat and dribbling down his chin as he smiled. Tracy pat at his face and removed the mess, peering own into the jar of baby food. \"You're almost done, bud, just a little more? For your dad? There you go!\" he exclaimed, spooning the rest of the mush from the jar and into the infant's mouth, which he retained. \"Tracy,\" Rae called from the stairs. \"Yes, honeybee?\" \"You were… half right,\" she said, coming into the kitchen with Michelle at her side. He looked up and saw his daughter, with delicate purple wings sprouting from her back, glistening in the light that streamed into the kitchen, and he gave a start. \"Look at you !\" he beamed, going to her and lifting her in his arms, her wings fluttering slightly, which was fairly uncommon for new wings. \"You,\" he said, \"are going to be a spectacular flyer.\" he put her down suddenly. \"Congrats, flower! Now go and get dressed, we do have a busy day ahead of us!\" he said, and she ran off as Rae took Lucas out of the chair. She came up behind him, balancing her son on her hip, as he watched after his daughter, bounding up the stairs. Her hand came to a rest on his back, directly over the where his own cream-colored fluff had grown, marking where his wings would have been. He looks down at her in a mild surprise, eyebrows arced for a moment before his expression softens and he holds her. \"Little girl's growing up, isn't she?\"[Chapter 23] The seasons in Fairy Land weren't as diverse as they were on The Human Plane. There was no transition of winter, no cold as she was accustomed to, and no summer, the height of heat. There were two seasons, one in the beginning of the year, and the other six months after, in the height of the Suns' lives. Every year, after Guld Fethel, magic would be more than abundant in the realm. It excited all the dryads in the Black Wood, made them crazy and far too industrious at their job, blowing life into all the plants, making them bud and bloom. But once the small creatures, commonly mistaken by humans for fairies, pushed outwards to the borders of the Woods, there was no stopping them, in a frenzy to make bloom as much as possible, and they became brave, pushing into the districts and running amok. There were far too many of them to be corralled efficiently – fairies have tried, but it was a wasted effort, trying to keep them contained. It would have been bearable, but for the fact that because of the cycles of the Suns, the times when magic was at its height, things never stopped blooming. Of course, towards the ends of the runs, it was much better. Things would bloom almost immediately after Guld Fethel, the time of the year when magic was just naturally abundant. The pollen and residual magic would hang in the air, slowly diminishing until Lu'Leas Be Tselares, when the rebirth of the suns would renew the magic, exciting the dryads again and they would spread over the districts again. Only once the second round of blooms began did the first ones whither, loosing color and retreating into the ground. Some fairies were affected more than others; where it was a nuisance for some, it could land others in the ward. The mixture of pollen and magic could be a major trigger for some, causing allergies that could be potentially life threatening. Tracy sniffled, leaning back into the chair in the break room. He pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes, tipping his head back. He wasn't exactly one of the unlucky ones; his reaction – his allergies , as Rae called them – were hardly as life threatening as they were for some of the fairies he knew, but they were miserable. He gave a great sneeze, his whole body jerking and hitting his knee painfully on the underside of the table he was sitting at. He looked at his watch, counting down the minutes until his shift, the window of time for him to receive assignments, was over. He pawed irritably at his chest, and glanced at his watch again. He just had a few more minutes until he could go home, back to Rae and just being with her would take his mind off of the renewed spring, the frustrating effects of the dryads. The magic in the air, coupled with the pollen of all the blooming flowers, had proved bothersome for him over his life. He'd had the infliction since he was a young boy, but it hadn't affected him as much, then. Things had gotten worse as he'd gotten older, and now his 'allergies' lasted longer than ever – almost half the season, slowly building during the first month and coming to a crescendo during the sixth week, leaving him the rest of the time to recover. This season, though, they'd hit him hard – there was more magic in the air, this season; no one could explain it, but despite the personal suffering of Spring, it was a good thing – it meant this season's quota could be lower to sustain The Pool, and any surplus magic collected could be used in the reserve. Tracy moved through the rest of the day in motions. He was glad to go home but, once he was there, he found that all he wanted to do was curl up next to Rae and go to sleep. He was weary and his mind was starting to drift, unable to keep focus for the stiffness in his chest. Come later that evening, there were no objections. Rae was up so early, as of late – nearly two hours before their alarm went off. She slid out of bed, careful not to wake Tracy, to go feed Lucas and tell Michelle to get ready for class. It'd been a rough night for her husband. Before they'd gone to bed, he'd very nearly been unable to breath through his nose, and had taken to a fit of coughing every couple of minutes. She'd given him some cough medicine; he'd taken it very hesitantly, unsure of how he'd react to the human concoction, but she'd reassured him; instead of treating the magical aspect of his illness, trying to cure it (a task that was all but impossible, with the irritant bountiful in the atmosphere), what she gave him was meant to help the congestion in his chest and nose. He wasn't used to human medicine, the chemicals and synthesized drugs. Fairy medicine was traditionally natural, made of herbs and other organics from both worlds. But she'd told him that it would work, that it would help him clear up a bit and get the rest he so desperately needed, and he'd downed the measured dose of the clear, bitter liquid, coughing as it burned through his chest. She'd had him lie down and kept his head propped up all night, hoping that the medicine would work during the night, let him sleep and wake up feeling much better. But as she carefully turned the knob, hearing Lucas's muffled, discontented cries from the nursery, her husband gave a great snore, which ended in a cough as he shuffled onto his side. Rae sighed, having pity for the sick man, but at least he was sleeping. The last few nights, before she'd been able to convince him to let her make a run to The Human Plane, they hadn't been so lucky,Tracy having to get up every hour or so to go to the bathroom and try to decongest himself. Rae let him, glad that he hadn't woken up, moving quietly down the hall to the nursery. She picked Lucas up, cradling him against her shoulder as she moved into the kitchen to make a bottle for the little boy. She sat in the dimly lit kitchen with him, cradling her in her arms and pressing the bottle to his lips as he sucked. Soon, a glance at the kitchen clock told her that it was nearly seven. She frowned, looking towards the bedroom door as Lucas finished off the bottle. Tracy was usually up by now. She lay her son back down, listening to his soft, happy gurgles for a moment, before he fell back into a light sleep, and she went back down the hall by the light of the kitchen, opening the door a crack and peeking in. Tracy lie on his back, now, head tilted back into the crease of the pillow, snoring loudly. Rae's shoulders shook in a silent giggle at the sight and she entered, creeping up next to him and flicking the switch on the alarm clock, turning it off so that it's blare wouldn't wake him. Smiling, she retreated, watching his form as she backed out of the room, closing the door and going to help Shell to classes. The sun was higher, the light streaming freely though the windows. There was a kettle on the stove, keeping the water hot until Tracy woke up. Lucas was napping, after a diaper change, and Michelle was off at The Academy. She was alone, for the moment, and it was nearing eight o clock; the fairy in the next room was still asleep. There was a clatter from the bedroom, and she looked up from her book as he came bounding into the kitchen, stumbling and sniffling and half-dressed, with his tie half undone and one cuff buttoned, his vest inside out, and she stood immediately, rushing to him, to give him a support and he almost fell against her. \"Sorry,\" he gasped. \"I'm – I'm going to be late.\" The last word dissolved into another cough, and she could hear the phlegm in his chest, the result of a week's worth of allergies. She hushed him, leading him to the kitchen table, where he happily took a seat, knees weak beneath him. \"The alarm, it didn't go off, I should have been up half an hour ago—\" \"That's because I turned the alarm off , sweetie. Don't worry, I already called you in sick.\" She said, steeping a teabag in the hot water in the mug, adding honey and lemon as he groaned, wiping at his forehead. \"No, honeybee, I – I can't call in sick, I have to – you know how it is – they need everyone they can get, what with all the – the – the—\" he sneezed, a loud, resonating noise that shook his whole body. \"Forget it,\" she said sternly. \"No way I'm letting you go to work like this.\" She handed him the mug before going to rummage though one of the cabinets next to the stove. She came back to Tracy with a small bottle in her hand, setting it on the table in front of him. He looked at it wearily, taking it in one of his own hands and squinting down at it; he'd left his glasses in the bedroom, and honestly couldn't see very much, which, Rae assumed, accounted for his inside-out vest. \"Wot's this?\" he asked, and they could both hear how nasal his voice was. She leaned over him, wiping the matted hair from his forehead. \"More medicine. I want you to take two of them with that tea and go back to sleep.\" She said. \"No,\" he said, sternly, though it came out sounding positively pathetic. \"I've got to go in, you shouldn't have called, you know I need to be there,\" he retorted, placing the steaming mug on the table and trying to stand. He coughed again, and when he was able to gasp for breath, he shuddered. She took him by the elbow and tried to offer some support. \"Tracy,\" she started, leading him back to the bedroom. He wanted to protest, but the shivers and the sheer exhaustion prevented him from doing so. \"You're top of your team, and the last time you took a day off was when Michelle was born and you had to drop the assignment to come to the hospital. Please ,\" she said, as he sat heavily on the bed. She unbuttoned his vest and eased it over his shoulders, removing it and turning it right-side-in before folding it over her arm, bending over him and performing the same motions on his shirt. She had him lie down, seeing that his chest was slick with perspiration, as she went to retrieve the tea and the medicine. \"Please, just rest. You need it, you look dreadful.\" He hummed miserably into the mug, downing the two pills she'd handed him. \"Call Fairy,\" he said sleepily, sliding back under the covers, \"and tell them I'll just be in… later…\" he whimpered, trying to suppress a cough and closing his eyes. She bent down and placed a kiss to his forehead. \"Of course, my dear.\" She whispered before she stood and left him to sleep. Rae knew he would be bed-ridden for another day or two, until the care and medicine could open him up and break up the congestion in his chest; she didn't bother calling Fairy.[Chapter 24] NIGHTMARES The forest was damp and desolate; a sharp, fearful loneliness shot through the boy as he realized that he was alone. His limbs began to shake as the sky darkened, casting long shadows over everything, transforming the land – it seemed as if things suddenly sprang from the earth: shards of bones, puddles of blood, the remains of poor creatures, fairy, human and beast alike, and strands of delicate, shining silk hanging from every elevated surface. Lucas cried out, turning in a wide circle, hoping for someone to find him. He wanted his mum and dad, he wished that he had listened to them, when he was told to avoid the black woods, the most dangerous parts ofFairyLand. His heart hammered in his chest, spinning back around as an odd rustling came from the brush. It moved out of the shadows, and Lucas gasped in shock and fright. It looked not unlike the common Tarantula – eight legs, beady eyes and mandible pinchers set at its jaw; its segmented body covered in a coarse brown fur. It moved in much the same way as an ordinary Tarantula, and the only perceivable difference between the two was its size. This spider was approximately the size of a dinner table and much, much larger than him. He tried to shuffle backwards, away from the approaching spider, but his legs didn't want to work. He was rooted to the spot by some odd force, to watch in terror as it approached him, haws clicking together. It reached out one rough leg and placed it on the boy's shoulder, bearing all of its weight on him as it opened its jaws, hissing in his face— Lucas woke up, bolted to a sitting position in bed, drenched in a cold sweat and unable to catch his breath. He lay back down, burying himself under the covers and cowering, squeezing his eyes shut. Just go back to sleep… His skin crawled, feeling as if a hundred little spiders were scuttling under his covers and he jumped from the bed, hovering for a moment and unsure of what to do. Rae woke with a start, eyes adjusting to the dark. \"Lucas?\" she grunted in a whisper. \"Sweetie, what's wrong?\" she shifted in bed, careful not to wake her husband. \"The Spiders,\" he whispered back, taking his hand from his mother's arm as she sat up. Rae knew immediately and took her son into her arms, lifting him onto the bed and letting him lie with her. She held him close, whispering to him that The Spiders couldn't hurt him, they were so far away and he would always be protected. She sang the fairy lullaby, the one that Tracy had taught her to sing to Michelle. Once, her husband stirred, shifting next to her and she paused, ceasing her movement until he fell back into a deep sleep. She hushed her son, calming him back to sleep, closing her eyes once he, too, fell asleep. PRIDE It was Lucas's fourth term of classes. Michelle was no longer there to look after him, and this worried their mother, as she stood outside the Garden Gates, waiting for her son. Her heart sank when she saw that he was accompanied by one of the instructors. She apologized profusely to the woman and took her son from her grasp, picking him up and he latched onto her shoulder. She brought him home and cleaned the one, long cut that ran up his arm. Neither Lucas nor Rae were willing to talk, not just yet. When the wound was cleaned and wrapped, she told him to go change out of his dirt-smeared uniform. She sighed; Tracy wouldn't be home until much later that night, and she didn't quite know what she was going to do with Lucas – he wasn't a bad child, she knew that, and she wished she could say that she didn't know why he'd gotten into a fight in the middle of his classes, but the answer was all too obvious – she'd noticed, picking him up for classes, the dozens of young fairies with new, pastel gossamer wings, while Lucas was, and would remain, bare-backed. She hadn't a doubt in her mind that the tussle in the garden was a result of the way the younger fairies treated him. Oh, she'd seen it. Their parents were wonderful people, and if any of them held a wing prejudice, they certainly kept it to themselves, but the children weren't as kind or understanding. By their standards, being wingless meant being a victim, and she and Tracy had tried so hard, gone to great measures to ensure that their son knew that there was nothing wrong with him, that the children were wrong to say that he was 'disabled' of any of the other nasty nicknames given to wingless fairies in The Academy. Lucas took comfort in the fact that his father, also a wingless fairy, the first and only wingless Tooth Fairy, led his team, despite any 'disability.' Lucas knew that being wingless was nothing of the sort, but he also knew that it was no walk in the park, and so did his mother. She sat him down in his bedroom, smoothing down his hair. He sat there with her, unmoving. \"I'm sorry I lost my temper,\" he said quietly. \"I know, sweetie. But you need to know that no matter what they—\" \"But I'm not sorry I hit him.\" He finished. This took Rae by surprise, stopping her mid sentence. A beat passed as she adjusted. \"You're… not sorry you hit him?\" She asked; he shook his head. \"Why not?\" \"Because he was being mean\" Lucas answered. He took hold of his mother's hand, setting it in his lap. \"He told me that he hoped we start doing actual sacrifices for Guld Fethel again, so that they'll throw you into – into the magic, and…\" he stopped, frowning. \"So you hit him,\" she said, thoughtfully. He nodded. She ducked down and hugged her son. \"Just because we're treated differently, that doesn't mean we can hurt people like they hurt us. Thank you,\" she said, \"for standing up for me, but I'd rather have them say bad things about us than for you to get in trouble.\" She lifted him onto her lap. \"They can't hurt us. But please, please try to stay out of trouble, Lucas.\" His voice became softer. \"Are you mad?\" he asked. She let him down, thinking as she stood. \"No,\" she answered at length. \"But I don't expect it to happen again, no matter what they say. Understood?\" \"Yes, ma'am,\" he answered, solemnly. She kissed his forehead. \"Good.\" GRADUATION Lucas sat in one of the stiff fold out chairs, fidgeting. The tiny garden where they held ceremonies and classes was stifling in the heat today, and the heavy velvet robes that they had to wear weren't helping matters. The ceremonies would take hours, as fairies weren't exactly known to be short and to the point in ordeals like this. The young man leaned back and stretched his legs out in front of him; it felt good to not keep himself cramped up in the immediate vicinity of his own folding chair, but even then his knees were still bent uncomfortably, due to his rather unusual height. At the age of seventeen, he was already nearing six feet, and had to look down at almost anyone he was talking to. He scoffed in dry amusement at the thought and removed his glasses to wipe the sweat from the bridge of his nose as the music started. Their trainer descended from the balcony behind the audience, and took her place at the podium to conduct the ceremony. She was all smiles and seemed impervious to the maddening heat. \"Good morning everyone!\" she spoke, her voice carrying in an unnatural manner, influenced by magic. \"And welcome to the graduation of Tooth Fairy Training class 717!\" The boy let his head fall back and groaned quietly. After a moment, he picked his head up and looked out into the crowd, squinted against the harsh sunlight. It was high noon when the ceremony started, and the light was blinding. Still, he was able to make out his father's figure, towering above everyone else, and next to him, his mum. The unpleasant feeling in his chest, the constant roar of discomfort, of alienation in such a winged class, ebbed when he saw his parents. His whole life, he'd been told that he was at a disadvantage, that his parents had cursed him to be a wingless fairy in a bi-species family. He was told, even by them, that his life wasn't going to be easy, that others would treat him differently because of his genetics, because of his parents, and he accepted it. But for the most part, being a wingless fairy had never been of much consequence. Yes, he was bullied in his youth, his family had been made fun of by the other children, but all it took was a quiet correction, a reminder that his father was the only wingless tooth fairy, that his mother was the first human in nearly five hundred years to live in Fairy Land. Not since his childhood was he so offended by their poorly-reasoned insults. Many people still looked down at him as if he were at a disadvantage, but he was indifferent. As it happened, he was actually at quite and advantage, being of a multi-cultured family – by his adolescence, he knew more about human culture than any one in several tiers of work, an aspect of knowledge that was imperative when being a Tooth Fairy. He was an incredibly gifted child, and everyone knew – classmates, instructors, but most importantly, his parents. Lucas would be graduating at the top of his class. If he were graduating. Despite his top marks in his academic classes, his wide knowledge of The Human Plane, his expertise with the equipment, he was still a wingless fairy. In order to graduate, you had to have passed a general flight course. In order to graduate, you had to have wings. It'd been difficult, at first, when he'd learned he wouldn't be graduating. He'd wanted to drop from The Academy, not seeing the point in pursuing an education that would be – decidedly, for him – a fruitless experience. His mum had reasoned with him, all but begged him, but of course that was years ago. And now, there he was, sitting with thirty-odd winged fairies, watching them all receive their licenses and turning their tassels from one side to the other. At long last, the last name was called, and the last of the graduating class returned to her seat, as Miss Vivian went on with her speech. He took it all silently, with a wry smile. He knew his instructor meant well – it was all just a matter of perspective, really. She was congratulating those of the class that had spent the last century leading up to this moment, those who were graduating the class and he'd admit, they deserved it. Each and every one of the kids he was sitting with had worked hard to get through the class. Still, that didn't change the fact that that's what the ceremony was for – them. The winged fairies. Lucas wasn't a bitter child. He hadn't been raised that way – his father had been, and he'd gone out of his way to make sure his son wasn't, because he knew how unpleasant it made life, resentment and wing-jealousy. The class was released to go take seat with their parents, or whomever had come to congratulate them. When he reached his folks, he sat between them, and Tracy gave him a pat on the back, apologizing for Miss Vivian's oblivious ignorance, telling him that she had been the same way at his class's graduation. Rae leaned over and pecked the young, lanky boy on the cheek. He heaved a sigh, settling back into his chair. He wasn't upset – hardly! He'd resigned to this a long time ago; it was more contented than anything, a sigh of relief that the dreadful ceremony was over. He was to be enrolled as a caseworker in the morning.[Chapter 25] Michelle had been taking flight classes since he was two. His sister had always been an especially skilled flier, and she'd be taking flight until she graduated The Academy when she was seventeen. In the mean time, their mother had to shuffle her back and forth from her class lessons, which were held after school and on Saturdays. Occasionally – right now, actually – the class would perform, a display of what they'd learned since the last air show. Once a year, in the middle of September, a competition would be held between the divisions of the classes, but this was not one of those events. This was a regular show, and the families of the fliers were sitting in the garden stage center, watching the students go through their routines, intricate maneuvers that were similar to any normal dance routine, save for the fact that their feet never touched the ground . Lucas sat there, between his mother and father, a wingless boy just shy of one hundred. He watched the fliers, engrossed in the show and in awe at their performance, but every so often something would catch his eye – he'd snap back to reality for a moment, and see the soft designs of their gossamer wings as the flew overhead, particularly close to the crowd. That's what made it possible , the wings. He rolled his shoulders uncomfortably at the though; just thinking about it, the light blue down on Lucas's shoulders burned, itched. He craned his neck back to watch his sister, wings batting against the wind as she ascended, far above ground, into the sunlight. His seat rocked back on two legs as he tried to get a better look, to keep eye contact with the purple blur against sky blue that was Michelle. The boy's heart skipped a beat as he tipped too far back, teetering for a moment before his father steadied the chair, putting him back on all fours and he sighed a breath of relief. Tracy chuckled, leaning towards his son. \"It's something, isn't it?\" he asked, lightly. \"I'll tell you what though, I felt the same way. You and me – we're not flyers. That's okay, mate.\" He said, draping an arm over the back of the boy's chair. Lucas heard his father's words, understood them and knew that Tracy didn't want him to feel disadvantaged or inadequate. Far from it, the young boy was in awe, purely fascinated by his sister's flight. Suddenly, the fairies above the crowd stopped mid flight, hovering overhead. It was Michelle and two other fairies, much older than herself, that hovered in the middle of the others, forming a triangle within the circle of flying onlookers. The boy gasped as the three folded in their wings, falling slowly from their post above before they gathered speed, hurtling towards the crowd below. Those who were positioned in the circle around them spiraled down with them, surrounding them as they fell. There was a collective gasp from the crowd, cheers as each young fairy re-opened their wings like parachutes, letting them glide safely back to the stage that had been set up. Tracy knew that such maneuvers, such an intricate air show would not prove useful, but it was all just a part of advanced flight training, and Michelle was a brilliant flier, he knew that much. He stole a glance at Lucas, seeing how the younger boy was staring up at the performers. Tracy's heart sank, because he recognized that look; that was the look that he'd often worn, a wing envy that he'd held almost his entire life. Granted, it was less, now, but to see that look on Lucas's face – he shook the boy's shoulder, snapping his attention from the aerial show. He looked up at Tracy, who just smiled down at him. \"Must be proud of her, huh?\" he asked, looking away. How could he not be? She had wings . Michelle was the only one in the family who was truly socially accepted. Tracy reached down and ruffled the boy's hair, catching his wife's eye. \"Of course I'm proud of her,\" he said, as the show began the next movement. \"But not because she's winged. I'm proud of her because she's good at what she does. I—\" he stuttered for a moment, changing the direction of his sentence. \"Between you and me,\" he said quietly, leaning in. \"Put her in front of a can of invisibility spray and she's useless! You though! You're brilliant in your classes, on the field—\" \"I would be,\" Lucas cut across him, \"If I had wings.\" \"Oi,\" his father said sternly. \"Let's not forget who we're talking to. If you really want to work the field, after The Academy, no one's stopping you. It's not going to be as easy for you as it will be for the others, the ones with wings, but if I can do it, by Mab, I know you can. And if that's what you want to do, if being a Caseworker isn't your thing – and you might be surprised! You meet so many humans, and that's always interesting. Just, a lot of paperwork, y'see? But if being a Caseworker isn't your thing, I don't have a doubt that you'll make a great Tooth Fairy.\" He said, and he could see the boy's eyes light up as the crowd cheered on the performers, their routine coming to an end. \"Having wings doesn't make you a proper Tooth Fairy. In fact, there was this one bloke I worked with, had wings. He was human, of course, but that doesn't matter. Point is, he was the worst Tooth Fairy we'd ever seen. Wings don't make you a Tooth Fairy. You do. You've got to want it.\" \"I want it,\" Lucas said, with conviction in his voice. \"I'm going to be a Tooth Fairy!\" Tracy laughed. \"Don't go getting ahead of yourself, mate. You've got to finish you classes first, all of them. They won't let you apply for a permit right out of The Academy, either. You've got to take extra classes, learn how to be a Case Worker. And who knows? Maybe you'll even like it.\" He chuckled, as the performers flew from their places on the stage, back to their families. Michelle dropped from the air, to land in the empty seat next to her mother. Lucas turned from his father, leaning forward to talk to his sister. \"That was really good, Shell!\" he exclaimed. \"That dive was amazing!\" The girl's smile only widened at this, as she thanked him. Of course that move hadn't been easy, and there had been a few nearly broken wings during practice, but she and the two other students (Daisy and Puck) had been the only ones to pull it off. For Lucas to tell her that it was amazing – a word that he most closely related to the mechanics of shrinking paste – was a high honor for her. Rae smiled, watching her kids. They would never admit it, but they looked up to each other. Perhaps Lucas was more than half a century younger than her, but school was his strong suit, where hers was flight. Where one lacked, the other was quite able, and they played off of each other well, they looked up to and respected one another, and that was more than any mother could hope for siblings. The crowds began to shift, filing out of the garden, and their family found themselves caught up in the wave of people, shuffling out the gates. They sat in the trees, where the leaved turned silver, side by side. She'd carried them up there on her wings, and she was responsible for getting them down safely. She kept her arm around his waist at all times as they sat and laughed and kicked their legs hundred of feet above the ground, always making sure that he wouldn't fall. Their laughter dwindled slowly, and Lucas stared at his feet. \"Shell?\" he asked quietly, embarrassed. \"What's it like to fly?\" The question took her by surprise and she herself nearly fell from the tree branch. She plucked a leaf from the wood and stared at it for a moment, pretending to be fascinated by the shine of the foliage, before shredding it in her hand and tossing the bits to the wind, watching them as they disintegrated into a fine magic dust before they hit the ground. \"What's it like… to fly,\" she repeated, heaving a sigh. \"It's… hard to explain,\" she said lightly. \"It's not much different from walking, really. There's… just a lot more concentration involved.\" She laughed nervously, a habit she shared with her father. \"I know a lot of the kids, they make it seem like it's really something . But unless I'm performing, the wings aren't… special .\" Lucas hummed in acknowledgement. \"They tell me that I… That wingless fairies are…\" Michelle could hear the discomfort in his voice. \"I know what they call you; what the called Dad.\" She said gently. \"They're wrong, and most of those kids will never be half the Tooth Fairy you can. They're just jealous,\" she nudged him gently, \"because you know more about being a Tooth Fairy than they ever will.\" Rae called them in, and she looked at Lucas. \"Ready?\" His smile widened as she jumped from the branch, suspended in the air with the steady beat of her wings. He felt himself lifted into the air by his sister and they hovered there for a moment before she lowered them gently to the ground, releasing him. As she turned to go back inside, he grabbed her arm, stopping her momentarily. \"Thanks, Shell,\" he said warmly. She laughed and smiled, throwing and arm around her little bother's shoulders as they walked back to the house.[Chapter 26] Michelle and Lucas were grown, now, but both parents desperately wanted more kids. They tried, several times, but none of their attempts to conceive ever took root. It was extremely disheartening, and Rae had begun to think that perhaps she would be unable to bear any more children. It was after several years, though the blink of an eye for the two of them, and it was almost frightening, the way it all happened so suddenly. The first sign was the cramps; she'd dismissed it as the start of her cycle, but should have realized it sooner. She became dizzy, tired all the time and ready to fall asleep the moment she sat down. There were physical changes as well. Her breasts became sore, and there was an increase of headaches and back pain. It wasn't until the month came to pass, and Rae realized she'd missed her period, that it dawned on her. Having two children already, she berated herself for not recognizing the signs earlier, but once she knew, it was a short trip to the Apothecary and back, a store bought pregnancy test in tow. The box told her to wait three to five minutes before the results would show on the little white stick, but every time she looked down at it, the results block remained blank. Six minutes. Seven minutes. Eight minutes. Rae pressed her lips together and bit back tears. She didn't know why she got her hopes up. They'd been trying for so long, without so much as even the possibility she had been presented with this time. She picked up the test and moved from the bathroom to stick it back in the box and throw it out. She paused. Every muscle in her body froze and she slowly turned the thing right side up. A flash of pink had caught her eye. The tears slipped down her cheeks, but for a different reason: She was pregnant. She would want to go to the clinic back home and have it checked professionally. The store bought test wasn't fool proof, and it could make mistakes. She wanted to be absolutely sure. She made an appointment for next Thursday, and the week dragged by. Her body slowly adjusted to the news, and every little change only reassured her doubts. She knew this feeling; she was a mother twice over, she knew what it felt like. He caught her, heading out the door on Thursday. It sent a thrill of terror shooting through her when he met her at the front door, having come home early, and ask her where she was going. She smiled up at him, miraculously able to keep her composure after the sudden fright. \"The doctor's,\" she lied. \"Haven't been feeling well.\" She pecked him on the cheek and pushed past him, out the door, and left him standing there confused. A smile spread across her lips as she walked off. Tracy stood there for several moments, watching her leave. She did seem a little off-kilter lately, the poor thing. He'd noticed how she seemed more and more exhausted as the month wore on. Perhaps she had caught something? It was an unsettling notion, as most fairy wards didn't know how to treat human illnesses very well. He assumed she was going to pop over to her world for a check up, where they knew more about human medicine. He was left alone with his thoughts. —- When she got home that night, he asked her how the appointment went. Rae sighed, smiling tiredly at her husband. \"He said he wants me back in three months for another appointment.\" His movements suddenly became stiffer, more uncertain. \"Is everything allright?\" She merely shrugged. \"Too early to tell.\" was her answer. Tracy became steadily more concerned for her over the next few weeks. She slept more, she put on a bit of weight, and she was utterly despondent to him. It was terrifying. She never kept anything from him, not anything like this. Oh, what was wrong with her, that she didn't even want to discuss the doctor's visit when the three months passed. Just that he told her to come back in two weeks for any results they might have been able to pull. His chest ached when she said this, and he demanded he accompany her this time. Rae looked up at him, the fatigue obvious in her eyes. His poor honeybee… Still, she agreed, lacing her fingers between his as she led them back into the bedroom to retire early for the night. There was nothing she wanted to do more now than lie down and be able to fall asleep against her husband, to hear his heartbeat and his quiet murmurings. Only tonight, his words held a tint of fear to them. She sighed against his chest. \"I'm glad you want to come with me next time.\" she said. \"I think… I think it's important you be there for this.\" And with that, she fell asleep. —- The Doctor's office was downright claustrophobic. It was a small room with cinder block walls and white tile floors, cluttered with furniture and equipment, and it made him wholly uncomfortable. This was nothing like the wards back home. Though, he supposed, they knew what they were doing, the human doctors… They sat there together, his legs sprawled out in front of him with Rae curled up on the chair to his right. She leaned wearily against him, and he held her hand tightly in both of his. His fingers trembled, and he was terrified, more than anything, that this doctor's news would snatch her away from him. He eventually joined the patient couple, coming into the room with a folder of sorts. He greeted them and flicked on a device that resembled a light table. The things he took out of the folder, he pinned to the machine so that the light shone through it and illuminated the entire picture, heightening the contrast between the black and the grey. Tracy's heart stuttered in his chest. It was an ultrasound. His hands tightened around Rae's and he pulled his knees up, looking over at her suddenly, trying to form words. \"Congratulations, you two,\" the doctor said sweetly. \"The first Trimester has been reached, and they seem to be doing well.\" It was all too much for the fairy. He stopped in his frantic bid to form a complete sentence, instead settling on trying to organize his thoughts as he stared slack jawed at his wife, who had that well-known sly grin on and tears in her eyes. \"You're pregnant.\" he managed. She nodded, encouraging him on. He looked at the ultrasound that hung on the machine. He'd seen ultrasounds of Michelle and Lucas when Rae had had them done, but there was something entirely unusual about this one. He looked again, his heart unsure if it wanted to stop dead or fight its way out of his chest. \"They.\" he muttered. \"They. He said they…\" he looked back at his wife. \"Twins.\" she whispered, leaning in towards him. \"Twins.\" he repeated. Realization seemed to dawn slowly, his eyes widening and one low gasp being sucked in before it dawned and he all but exploded. \"Twins! Twins! \" he nearly shouted. \"Oh, mother of Mab!\" he slumped back into his chair, a nervous, excited smile plastered over his face. \"We're going to have twins…\" She laughed lightly. \"I know, Trace.\" she said, taking his hand back in hers and giving it a squeeze. \"Twins.\"[Chapter 27] Tracy was a nervous person by nature. Whenever something was off kilter in the office, he all but flew into a frenzy, and that was before he met Rae. He was so protective of her, he hated to see anything deviate, any hiccup in their plans or new obstacle in their lives. Rae's first pregnancy was hectic. He was constantly scrambling, always nervous for his wife, as they were both unsure of the implications of the pregnancy, the parents being who they were. Rae tried to placate him throughout the first term, though it was more or less a lost cause, until the night baby Michelle was born, until the fright was over, replaced by the new terrifying, uncharted grounds of parenthood. Tracy had no idea how to be a parent. The little things, like being able to put Michelle to sleep in the middle of the night, knowing what she needed and being able to take care of her while he let Rae sleep, those things seemed otherworldly to him, who had never known such unstable needs, nothing but organized paperwork and office hours. Still, he somehow seemed to know how to handle each situation on a subconscious level, and slowly the prospect of parenthood became less terrifying and more natural. They raised Michelle, though having to explain to her about their small, happy family had been a task they'd put off for a while. Tracy and Rae knew that their union was an odd one, and that Michelle was an oddity in herself; while the adults were able to see past that, the children were not, and the discussion about love and marriage had occurred much sooner than either parent had planned. It wasn't until Michelle was six - by human standards - that Rae was able to carry to term again, when little Lucas was born. After their second child was born, neither parent had expressed any plans to conceive again. But as they watched their children grow, Michelle graduating flight school and becoming an instructor, Lucas moving out to accommodate his schedule at the office, both parents realized how much they missed having young children, someone who was dependant, able to be taught and watched as they grew up before their eyes. They'd tried, for so long, to conceive again, but it never took, or something always went wrong. It was devastating, and the parents eventually gave up trying and hoping. That's why when Rae told him that she was pregnant, that they were having twins, of all things, he leaned over the arm of the chair he sat in and kissed her, happily and fully, and he heard her laugh as he pulled back to see that tears had streaked little paths along her cheeks. At the time he learned of the pregnancy, Rae was three months pregnant. They twins had survived the first trimester, and the chance of any mishaps had dropped considerably. It was entirely overwhelming for Tracy, who knew that he never handled these types of situations well to begin with. He found himself in a bit of a panic over the next few weeks, worrying about a whole new spectrum of problems that could arise from this pregnancy. He dared not leave his wife's side when he could help it. He noticed how she advanced in her pregnancy much faster than she did with either Lucas or Michelle, which meant that she tired faster, sooner, that the hormones took their toll on her emotions, and that the next six months were highly unpleasant. Tracy tried his best to comfort her during those trying months. She was more scared than he was, there was no doubt, and she would often wake in the middle of the night, convinced in her half-sleep that they'd lost the twins, and he would dry her tears and tell her that everything was fine, laying her back down and lull her back to sleep, rubbing a hand gently across the curve of her stomach, feeling a kick every now and then that simultaneously warmed him and sent shivers down his spine so that he would have to remind himself, that things would be allright. Things would be fine, he told himself, and that was the truth. They worked themselves into a bit of a routine, waking up from night terrors in the young hours of the morning, and perhaps that was why his reaction was a little slower than usual. She'd startled him awake with a cry, and he'd turned over to see her sitting halfway up, propping herself up on her elbows and gasping. \"Tracy! Tracy, the twins!\" was all that she managed, and he'd tried to placate her again, to tell her that everything was allright. When he looked up at her, he saw that she was not half-asleep as per the usual, that this was not the sleep-muddled result of a nightmare, and that she was wide awake. \"No, no Tracy! The twins!\" As he threw the covers back and leapt from the bed, she let out a shrill laugh that sounded half elated and half terrified. He helped her stand, taking her in his arms and supporting her weight, seeing a large dark stain on the sheets where she'd been laying before he willed them from the house, right to the large double doors of the ward. She let out a cry of pain and her knees buckled beneath her, her husband supporting her for the moment until a nurse came and took her away. Tracy kissed her forehead and told her he wouldn't be far behind, giving her hand a squeeze before she was torn from him.[Chapter 28] There was no peace for him that night. He was kept on the fringes of the ward, away from his wife during the delivery. He wrung his hands incessantly, pacing back and forth. He'd called Diane, talked to Michelle and Lucas, perhaps only to take his mind off of the events at hand in the very next room. Oh how he wished he could be with her. Both parents knew what to expect with childbirth, but that didn't make it any less nerve-wracking. Add the tacked on anxiety of it being a double delivery, and Tracy felt like he was about ready to pass out. It wasn't unlike the night that Michelle was born. He recalled the anxiety ripping through his chest when Rae was taken from him the very first time, and even that was nothing like this, knowing that so much could go wrong. Twins were so uncommon among Fairy parents, thought not perhaps so among human parents. He leaned himself against the wall near the door and prayed to Mab that she could better handle twins than Fairy Folk. When a Fae became pregnant, the fairy child drew it's magic from its parents. The magic helped them grow, integrating itself into the baby's body and making it a magical being. The magic helped the child to survive; indeed, fairies could not live without magic. Rae had none. Tracy had assumed that the existing capacity for magic already found in his DNA and the fact that Rae lived in Fairy Land, surrounded by raw magic, accounted for the their two healthy children, but even Fairies with an abundance of magic in their bodies sometimes couldn't handle bearing two children at once. It frightened him. The anxiety was not calmed, however, when the door suddenly flew open, a nurse running out, down the hall. He seemed in a hurry, not bothering to even gesture that he'd heard Tracy's terrified questions. He looked back to the ward room, the door swinging shut. He knew he was not admitted into the room during the delivery, but how he wished he could be with her right now, to hold her and tell her that it was all going to be allright, that things were going to be fine and that they were going to have healthy twins. He wished he could tell her this, to convince himself as much as to convince her; he wished for a lot of things that night. He wished that nurse would come back, take a moment to tell him how his wife and his prospective children were doing in the next room. And yet he found, that when the nurse finally did come back, he wished that he'd remained off running errands or something of that nature. The man came back, bounding at full speed back towards Rae's ward room, with at least four other nurses in tow. His heart sank in his chest and his stomach felt like it had dropped into oblivion. What the nurses in her room needed with so much extra help, it scared him terribly. They approached quickly, and Tracy fought to find his voice, to demand someone tell him that she was allright, that the twins were fine, to tell him why in Mab's name they were filing so many nurses into her ward room. He croaked out his question, only to be ignored by the nurses, one by one as they filed past him. Some avoided his gaze. He pitched forward at the last second, reaching one long arm out and grabbing hold of the last nurse in the procession, fist clamping around his upper arm and jerking him backwards, anxiety and anger in his eyes and he loomed over the woman. \"What's happened,\" he asked, his voice greatly contrasting with his figure, soft and vulnerable. There was a wail from the other side of the door, and Tracy looked from the woman, hearing his wife. It steadily grew in volume and urgency; the nurse ripped her arm from the man's grip, and he merely stood there, dumbfounded for a moment. \"I'm sorry, sir, you're just going to have to wait,\" she said, closing the distance between herself and the other doctors that had already filed into the room, and before Tracy could even get a word in, the door clicked shut, the lock turning and barring him from his wife. He threw himself forward, hoping to catch the door before it closed, but he wasn't fast enough. He could hear her from the other side, and he drew his wand right there, in the middle of the ward, pointing it decidedly at the lock, hoping to magic the door open again. To all his efforts, he figured the locks must have been reinforced. He was denied entry again and again, and was made to wait outside as he listened to her in there. She sounded like she were terribly in pain, and every note that drifted through the door stabbed at his heart. One woman came up to him and tried to lead him from the door, knowing that he ought to leave, to let the nurses take care of his wife, but he would have none of it. He remained by the door, steeling himself when each new note rang through the hall. Eventually they stopped. His footfalls, his pacing, stopped as well. He listened intently for any noise she might make, any sign that she was still conscious, any noise at all. There was silence. Rae had been in labour for several hours. Though the fluorescent lights erased any difference between the night and day hours, the suns had risen over the horizon a few hours earlier, when one nurse slipped out of the room, not at all surprised to find Tracy there, still. He looked down at her, wide eyed and breathing heavily, still so uncertain, when she touched him gently at the elbow and gestured for him to follow her into the ward room. The room was hot, choking almost, and crowded. Tracy spied another door off to the left of the room, but the bed in the centre was what caught his attention first and foremost. She was pale and her head was tilted to the side, but her chest fell and rose steadily, and he let out a choked cry. He didn't dare disturb her sleep, not after the night she'd had, but he resolved that the moment she woke up, he would hold her. For now, he sat at the foot of the bed, watching her, wishing she didn't look so deathly. Almost reluctantly, he looked away from her, at one of the nurses. Many of them had begun to leave the room, taking with them their papers and files, and leaving without so much as a word. \"Well?\" he whispered. \"Is everyone allright?\" he asked. The only remaining nurse smiled at him, a genuine, happy smile. —- It was several hours later, Tracy sitting further up the bed and talking quietly with his wife when she woke. He brushed the hair from her eyes when she woke and she grabbed immediately for his hand, humming in confusion. She focused in on him and smiled. \"Glad you could make it.\" she said quietly. He kissed her forehead, beaming down at her. \"Where are the twins?\" she asked. \"The nurses took them over to the next room,\" he said, nodding towards the door to the far left. \"To make sure they're allright, give them their Bath. They'll be back, luv.\" he said, shushing her as she tried to sit up. She was terribly exhausted from the delivery, and Tracy could see it. She didn't fight him, but remained there on the bed with him, chatting softly, their hands never separating. It took another hour or so for the nurses to come back, the door swinging open and the two striding up to the bed, each with a small blue bundle in their arms. One of the little boys was handed to Rae, who propped herself up on her pillows wearily, and the other was handed to Tracy, who took the child carefully, his hands trembling. Rae moved a bit of blanket from the boy's face, and smiled down at her son. \"Hi, Merry. It's mommy and daddy. Where's your brother?\" she asked, looking up at Tracy. He got off the bed and kneeled at her side with Daniel, pulling the swaddle down so that his wife could see his face, quietly sleeping. He looked up at her and could see tears running down her cheeks. He reached up carefully and thumbed them away, making her laugh. \"Twins,\" he said gently, smiling back at her. ","Summary":" He wrinkled his nose against the musky odor of damp earth, the oncoming storm, and he leaned back i"}]