[{"Movie":"Good Will Hunting","Title":"We owned the night","Author":"GoonieGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10458075","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note: I would love to continue this story, we will see what happens and how you all take to it since I have a ton of unfinished stories! So let me know what you think and review! My first Good Will Hunting story so go easy on me! I was cleaning files off my computer and felt that this one was good enough to put up! Love ya all! Enjoy! \"Has anybody asked you? I mean really asked you what you want to do with your life?\" \"You're the only girl I know who can be serious when your drunk,\" Will chuckled. \"Answer the question, Will.\" \"What are you my shrink now or something?\" Will brushed me off as he took a swig from his beer. \"It just seems like nobody asks you what you want you know? But I know Chuckie is definitely going to kill you if your still around here in 20 years!\" \"You can say that again\" Will laughed as we clinked beer bottles. \"Some people are born without gifts. Take a look at Chuckie!\" I said gesturing toward my boyfriend who was standing in the yard trying to balance a football on his nose. \"Now there is a guy with no talents who I will end up marrying and living in his mother's basement with.\" Will laughed. \"I figured that out a long time ago, but you. You haven't figured that out yet have you? You haven't found that thing that makes you happy? That thing you gotta have or you just know that life ain't worth living? For you it may be figuring out life's mysteries through math or something else? I don't know.\" \"I know what my one thing is!\" Chuckie said grabbing me from behind. I squealed in surprise as Chuckie wrapped his arms around me. \"What do you mean I got no gifts? Hey? I got you didn't I? I had to have something to get a girl like you!\" \"Or maybe I just have really low standards?\" I laughed as I escaped his arms and ran off the porch. The other guys had just pulled up and laid on the horn. I ran to the car where the others were waiting, while apologizing like I did everyday to Will's neighbor Mrs. Johnston for the noise. \"Man, that girl! I'm either gonna kill her or marry her!\" Chuckie laughed sitting down in the chair I had vacated. \"But she has a point you know. I will kill you!\" Chuckie threatened before running after me. I quickly shut the door and locked it so he couldn't get in. \"You little monster!\" Chuckie yelled as the rest of us laughed. \"Yep, the monster you just happen to be in love with,\" I laughed sticking my tongue out at him through the window. \"You know it!\" Chuckie said back as we stared at each other, faces pressed against the glass. ","Summary":" Author's note: I would love to continue this story, we will see what happens and how you all take t"},{"Movie":"Good Will Hunting","Title":"What happened after","Author":"xCillex","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2812577","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dear Sean It's exactly six months, since, I left my old life and went off to California with Skylar. Lots of things can happen in six months, and I feel that I've sort of grown up, though Skylar still sometimes says, that I'm really childish. After spending three long months thinking about what to do with my life, letting Skylar do all the work to provide for us, I decided to get a job. I went to an employment officer and said, I had lots of experience in the demolition sector. He laughed at me, but I got a job with an okay salary. Not nearly as high as Skylars, but it's nice to be able to help a little. Then I started on an education. I want to be a teacher. I don't know which subject and which grade I want to teach yet, but probably something with maths. My fellow students are quite impressed with me, and it actually feels okay. II don't think I would give up my talents anymore, even if I had the chance to be \"normal\". Will lifted his pen from the half finished letter and was thinking, while sucking on the edge of the pen. There was so much he wanted to tell Sean, and he just didn't know where to start. Most of all he just wanted to tell him how much he missed him, but he somehow felt, that that would be a little out of place, right in the middle of his letter. Instead he went on… Skylars employer offered us an apartment. It's rather small, but nice place on the third floor and it's got a little balcony. From the balcony, we think we can just spot the sea, so if anyone asks about the apartment, we just tell them we've got ocean view. Inside the apartment, we've painted the walls with a bright orange colour (Skylars idea!). Just sad that we, a few days later, found out we were not allowed to paint the walls , because the apartment was rented. So before anyone notices, we have to paint it all white again. The weather here is always nice and we often go swimming. ThernPacific Ocean is very warm. At my new job and in school, I've got some friends. Will stopped again, putting the pen to his lips. It always hurt to think about friends, because he hadn't forgot the ones he had left behind and it was hard staying in touch. He phoned them nearly once at week, but it wasn't quite the same as talking to them face to face. He forced himself to focus on the letter again… They are cool, but I miss those at home, though I often phone them. But my new life here's so exiting, that I haven't really got the time to miss home that much. When we've got enough money, I thought of buying a boat. It's silly to live with the sea as our neighbour, without having a boat. Skylar says she doesn't want to be eaten by a shark, but I'm trying to convince her. She thinks we've got to buy a house. Especially now that… \"Darling?\". Skylars voice rang through the little apartment, sarcastic as usual. \"What are you doing?\". \"Nothing\", Will answered, while he hastily packed the letter away. He didn't really know why Skylar couldn't see the letter. It was just private, somehow. \"Nothing, nothing, or that's not your business nothing?\" Skylar asked while entering the room. Will got a little red in his cheeks. He didn't know what to say, but luckily he didn't have to come up with anything, because Skylar interrupted him with a laugh. \"Your face is all blue from ink\" she told him. Will blushed even more and grumpily asked her if it was not possible to get just one moment of peace. \"Okay\", Skylar said. \"Just wanted to tell you, that I'm going down to buy some bread. We've totally run out\". \"Can't you take some white paint with you?\" Will asked. \"Oh, for goodness sake. Do you really think anyone will ever notice?\". Will looked around. \"Yeah\" Will said. \"I really do\". Skylar looked to heaven and went out of the little apartment. Will was just about to take the point of the pen to his mouth again, but didn't. Then he sunk in to the letter again. … Especially now, when we're going to have a baby. Skylar's in her fourth month now and she is nearly eating us out of the house. First I thought I was far too young to be a father, but we decided we maybe could have one now, and then one in a couple of years. And Skylar is older than me, and she would love to be a mother. That's why, we've decided to get married. The wedding is in three months, and we would really appreciate your company. On the same occasion I hope to see some of my old friends from back home, and maybe also Garald. You will receive an invitation later. Will thought for a moment (again with the tip of the pen in his mouth). He wanted the letter to sound a little adult-like. But then he let formal be formal and wrote: Miss you like hell. Will ","Summary":" Dear Sean It's exactly six months, since, I left my old life and went off to California with Skylar"},{"Movie":"Good Will Hunting","Title":"I love you Will","Author":"Frank1212","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1695726","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: None of the characters of Good Will Huntingrnbelong to me. Rating: PG-13 for some strong language. Genre: A lot of angst and lost romance. Hey all, I'm a new member to fanfiction.net though I've beenrnreading on the site for a long time and this is the first fanfic I've everrnwritten. I just want you all to know, for those who read this, that I know thisrnis rather late and outdated, but I saw GWH two weeks ago and I absolutely lovernit. I was very touched when I saw the scene with Skylar and Will's last fight.rnThis story is about their thoughts after that fight and before Skylar leavesrnfor California. * Pardon the huge spaces, I uploaded this as an html formatrnand for some reason one space became 5 spaces. Does anyone know how to get ridrnof that? =============================================================== It was seven in the morning andrnSkylar decided to get up. She slowly rose, stretched, and sat at the edge ofrnher bed. She sat there thinking for a moment and then looked over her shoulderrnto the other side of the bed, it was empty. Skylar wasrnthinking of Will again. She was always thinking of him, recalling the happyrnmoments that she had with him. Such memories always caused her to smile, evenrnthough she would feel unbearable sadness without him. The first time Skylar sawrnWill, she was instantly drawn to his incredible intellect. And as time grew on,rnshe began discovering even more of his qualities. But Will was always hidingrnhimself from others, sheltering his past. She knew about it, but she did notrnknow why he had to hide from her. She remembered the last day she spent withrnhim; it was only a week ago. That day, she had believed that everything in thernworld had suddenly seemed right - that she had discovered her love. But shernwould have never known until that point that everything would go horriblyrnwrong. It was that night when she found out more about Will than she had everrnbefore. She recalled the words that were said during the fight. Will...come to California with me. No....I can't go to California with you. Why not? Because I got a job here, and I live here. Why won't you come? What are you so scared of? What the FUCK am I afraid of?!! You're afraid of me, you're afraid that I won't love yournback! Guess what, I'm afraid too!! At least I'm honest with you! What do you want to know?! That I don't have 12 brothers?!!rnThat I'm a FUCKING orphan?! I do want to know that! I want to help you! I want to bernwith you!! No, don't bullshit me... I love you Will! I love you! DON'T BULLSHIT ME!!!! I love you…I don't want to hear you say that you love me… I don't love you. It made sense to her now, why Willrndid not want to go to California. He is afraid of change, afraid of leaving thernonly family he has, and the only neighborhood he knows. But did he love her? Will said no. It felt as if an agonizing wave of pain would come crashingrndown on her, but Skylar managed to gather herself and get up. Her flight to SanrnFrancisco would come at 4:30 in the afternoon. Will stared into the blue morningrnsky, the light bathed upon his face. He thought about his last meeting withrnSean. Until then, Will had believed that Sean was on his side – he was hisrnfriend. But when he recalled how Sean had thrown him out of his office, angerrndwelled inside of him. He felt betrayed and alone once more. It was not anrnunfamiliar feeling. Fucking old weezer... Will thought. Will's thoughts turned to Skylar.rnHe recalled the night he had with her, it seems all so surreal to him now.rnThroughout the time he had been with her, Will tried to hide his past and hisrnlife from her. He did not want her know, he did not want to be a part of hisrntrouble. But that night Skylar had asked him why he was so afraid. He knew whyrnhe was so afraid, but he did not have the courage to answer her. Deep downrninside he knew he was afraid of change, he was afraid of starting a new life,rnand perhaps most of all he was afraid that he was not worthy of Skylar's love.rnSkylar had said that she loved him, she had repeated it several times. But whyrndidn't he have the strength to return her love? \"Hey Will!\" The voice was Chuckie's. \"The fuck you staring at? Come gimme a hand with some ofrnthis shit!\" Skylar was still alone in her dormrnroom. All her bags have been packed and the furniture was left for the nextrnstudents who would stay. She sat on her bed waiting for another call from Will.rnShe knew that she would not leave without at least a goodbye. Will finished work at three and wasrnon his way home in Chuckie's ride when he suddenly remembered… Skylar isrnleaving today. He knew he would have to give her a call - it felt to him asrnthe best he could do. When he spotted the nearest pay phone, Will told Chuckiernto pull over. As Will picked up the phone, he recalls the note that Skylar hadrnhanded to him that night at the bar. He remembered the numbers instantly but hernwas reluctant to punch them in, he didn't know what he would say to her.rnHesitantly, he dialed the numbers one by one. After only one ring, the receiverrnwas picked up. Will heard the familiar, musical quality of Skylar's voice. \"Hello?\" \"Hey...it's Will.\" \"I just wanted to call before you left...I'm takin' allrnthese job interviews now so I won't just be a construction worker.\" \"I never really cared about that.\" \"Yeah.\" There was an awkward silence for a moment. Will couldn'trnmuster anything to say to her. Eventually, it was Skylar who spoke first. \"I love you...\" Will still wasn't able to say anything. He felt an urgentrnneed to tell her the same but there was an even greater need that was holdingrnhim back. \"Will?\" It was still silent for several seconds, until the onlyrnthing Will found himself able to say was: \"Well, you take care.\" Will hung up the phone. He stood there staring at the phone booth for a long whilernbefore he walked back to the car. \"You take care.\" Skylar heard Will's final goodbye and thenrnthe phone was hung up. She said her last goodbye to no one and put down her phone.rnA single tear fell from her eyes before she quickly wiped it away. It was four o'clock but Will wasn'trnin Sean's office for another meeting. He had kicked him out of his office thernother night anyway. Instead Will was sitting on a bench in the park looking outrninto the blue sky. Again, he was thinking – but this time it was on his ownrnfeelings and emotions. An airplane flew across the sky, its loud engines easilyrnheard from the park. Will wondered where Skylar was right now, he figured thatrnshe was already on the plane to San Francisco. Will, come to California withrnme. Skylar's voice still beckoned him, but he could not do anything aboutrnit now – even if he wanted to. He did not have a choice right now, but only tornsit and hope for her to come back to Boston. He realized that he was alreadyrnmissing her. Throughout his life he had been through many struggles, seen manyrnhorrors, and suffered a lot of pain. It seemed to him now that no pain couldrncompare to the type of pain that he felt now. The pain of knowing that yourrnlove is gone, and the decision that you made that drove her away. Logan Airport was in its familiarrnbustling scene in the afternoon. Amidst the hurriedness of all the people,rnSkylar was motionless. She dropped her bags as she gazed over the crowd. Skylarrnlooked at her watch, and saw that it was already 4:20. In desperation, her eyesrnwandered over the crowd of people, looking for someone. All of the passengersrnhad already boarded the plane. Finally, the horn signaling final boarding wasrnsounded and Skylar picked up her bags to leave. But before she turned andrnwalked to the plane, she offered one last fleeting glance over her shoulder. But Will was not there. And she was gone. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: None of the characters of Good Will Huntingrnbelong to me. Rating: PG-13 for some stron"},{"Movie":"Good Will Hunting","Title":"Odds","Author":"Horatia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3767957","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If there was any chance of there being a single perfect, brilliant, exceptional human being in the population of the entire city of Boston, the odds were 782 to 1 against that person being Will Hunting. Taking into account all those whom fall into the categories of perfect, brilliant, exceptional— the artists, writers, doctors, scientists, mathematicians, and philosophers— Will Hunting saw the truth plainly written on the back of a receipt in stark black ink. If someone interested in these odds were to read this unashamedly unscientific study, they would no doubt question the authenticity of its numbers. After all, it was conducted on the back of a receipt for a pack of Marlboros, three of which didn't survive the walk to the bus stop, and the large, childlike letters were almost illegible in some places because of the jostling from the bus. The thought did not cross Will's mind. No one would care about the statistic he had quickly scrawled out on his way home. He certainly didn't. Pulling a cigarette from his pocket, he crumpled up the paper and threw it carelessly onto the floor of the bus. \"Hey, sonny, no smokin' on the bus!\" shouted the driver, his gruff voice loud and clear all the way down the empty aisle. \"All right, all right. . . . geez,\" Will answered back. He didn't feel like getting into a fight five minutes from home. Still, his eyes roamed over the dark-skinned man with his muscular build and hairy arms. He could definitely take him. The bus stopped with a screech. Will stood, yawning and stretching his legs before strolling up to the door. \"You take cayah of yaself, now,\" the bus driver said as Will stepped off, perhaps sorry for having shouted at the lonely youth. Will nodded quickly in return, rumpling his hair as he walked up to his house. Making a path through the junk in his yard, he kicked open the front door and fell onto his bed. The bed creaked, and the rusty springs poked into his back, but Will only shifted position and grabbed a book lying on his pillow. The lamp afforded enough light to make out the small print if he lay directly under it. He flipped through the pages, already familiar with the text, lazily sifting through for some passage he might have missed. \"Sympathetic frequencies. . .'armonics. . . reinfawcement. . . .expoinential. . . blah, blah, blah.,\" he mumbled to himself, tossing the book aside. Will stared up at the ceiling, his eyelids heavy with sleep, the smell of cleaning products still on his hands and drifted off into a restless sleep. Sean Maguire checked his watch again. It was rare that he would be up and about at this hour and even rarer that he took the bus. It was not that he had somewhere to be—far from it. His home was simply making him claustrophobic. The early morning light streaming in through the window had drawn his attention to the dirty dishes and empty bottles in the sink, and he decided it was less trouble to wander about the city than drag himself into the kitchen and clean it up. So here he was, waiting for the morning's first bus. There it came and stopped with a screeching of brakes and a puff of exhaust. The doors opened, and the slack-jawed driver looked down at him, as if he had been dreading stopping to allow the bearded professor onto his vehicle. \"Good morning, sir,\" Sean said, cheerily as he stepped in. His smile quickly faded as the driver indicated that his early-morning brightness would not excuse him from the bus fee. The professor paid the fees and made his way down the aisle, making sure to get as far away from the driver as possible. He finally settled on a seat near the back and sat down. Staring out the window, he made circles in the frosty glass, wondering just where the bus was going to stop and what he was going to do once he got there. Like a dog chasing a car, he thought. Deep in rambling thoughts, he quickly lost time and slid in his cracked leather seat as the bus jerked to a stop. Steadying himself, he looked out the window and found, to his relief, the bus had stopped in the city park. He sauntered back up the aisle, raising a hand in a semi-wave to say his good-byes to the driver. The air was starting to warm as the sun rose, and he saw that he was quite alone as the early bird joggers were his only company. And so he ambled through the park, kicking at rocks along the way, watching the squirrels scurry about and listening as the birds twittered from their nests. Eventually, he found a small bench beside a pond where the swans were swimming about for their breakfast. He sat there for awhile, thinking. It was marvelous what he could remember without a bottle dangling from his hand. The ache in his heart alternated with joy that nearly made him cry. The memory of his wife was stronger here in a place he had never been than in his own home—at least the good left in that memory. The sun was high in the sky when the professor finally walked away from his bench. He held his head a bit higher, the peace he had discovered, following him back to the bus stop. Still, there was a pang in his heart as the bus and its burly driver pulled back up. He would be going home now. He would be going back to a dim house with a sink full of dishes and a counter littered with empty bottles. He boarded the bus again, paying his fees and went back to his seat at the end of the aisle. He sat down with a sigh and laid his head against the glass. He closed his eyes as the sleep he had missed out on made itself known. Moving to cross his legs, he heard a rustling beneath his feet. He looked down. Below him was a small piece of paper. He picked it up, carefully unfolding it, making sure not to tear its already tattered edges. The handwriting was deliberate though a bit scribbled in places, undoubtedly from the bouncing of the bus. The paper's purpose was clear however. 782 to 1. Odds. Sean laughed a bit to himself and pocketed the paper. Whoever had dropped it had obviously been discouraged by the numbers they had come up with. Poor soul, he thought. The odds were not favorable. His mind searched for some Shakespearean passage he might recite in the hopes that the wisdom might reach the disheartened fellow, but none came to him. Then, he thought—perhaps these odds were not meant for the person who had dropped them. Perhaps they were meant for someone else. For him. 782 to 1. Seemingly unbeatable. He smiled again. Maybe, just maybe, some luck might stumble his way. . . . ","Summary":" If there was any chance of there being a single perfect, brilliant, exceptional human being in the "},{"Movie":"Good Will Hunting","Title":"Ten Years In The Making","Author":"DarkMaster98","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11226025","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey everyone, Dark here! Yes, I realize that this isn't a Minecraft fanfiction, but I'm doing something different today. As a project in my English 20-1 class, we recently watched the movie Good Will Hunting, and we were given an assignment to create an original script around it. So I thought, why not share the end result with you? I received twenty marks on this project, with the maximum possible being twenty-three! I decided to place the setting of this script ten years after the events of the movie, with the character focus on Chuckie. Without further ado, enjoy! Zoom in on Chuckie, who is looking down at a large pile of paperwork on a desk. Chuckie's POV shows Chuckie filling out some paperwork, dressed in an orange work uniform. The end of the working shift is approaching, as signified by a ticking clock on the office walls. Chuckie hears a REPETITIVE KNOCKING on his office door. Chuckie opens the door to reveal MORGAN, wearing casual blue clothing. The room has slightly orange lighting. MORGAN Hey buddy, you about ready to head out for the day? The burgers are on me tonight! CHUCKIE Actually, I can't. There's a lot of paperwork that needs to be finished by the end of the week. You'll have to go without me. Morgan, in disbelief, shakes his head at Chuckie. MORGAN Chuckie, when have you ever cared about paperwork? You have all week to do it! C'mon, live it up a little! CHUCKIE Things change a lot in ten years, Morgan. Will went off to work as a researcher, last I heard from Billy, he got a job at the fitness center downtown, and I'm a senior supervisor now! I don't have the time anymore for this kind of thing! You'll have to go without me tonight, Morgan. A WHISTLE goes off in the background, indicating that the work day is over. Morgan stays for a moment longer, hoping that Chuckie will change his mind. Finally, Morgan GIVES UP, and starts heading for the door. MORGAN Well, the shift is over, so I guess my time is up. I guess I'll see you tomorrow then, boss. Chuckie watches him leave, camera angle goes to a close-up shot of Chuckie's face, half-lit by the light, half concealed in shadow. Several moments of silence follow, in which Chuckie is conflicted. Finally, Chuckie decides to put the paperwork into a suitcase, takes off his orange uniform, then gets up from his desk to PURSUE Morgan, taking the case of paperwork with him. Scene changes to a high angle, long shot. Morgan is just about to get into his blue car, when Chuckie SHOUTS OUT to him. Morgan stops, and Chuckie catches up. The camera angle changes to a medium shot, medium angle. CHUCKIE I'm sorry, Morgan. I don't know what I was thinking. MORGAN Don't worry about it. We're good, buddy. Without words, Chuckie gets into the seat BESIDE Morgan, who has taken the driver seat. The camera angle changes to a long shot, as Morgan and Chuckie drive off into the EARLY SUNSET. Morgan and Chuckie can be heard talking about burgers, but the volume of the conversation fades, replaced by ending music. So, what did you think? Yes, I realize that this isn't the format I normally write in, but this writing format was required for the assignment. Keep in mind that this is a script, not a story. WB: I never thought you would deviate from Minecraft, let alone go into Good Will Hunting. Interesting choice here, considering the high amount of cursing used in the movie. Oh yes, the cursing. The marking rubric technically allows cursing to be used, but I don't really like to use curses, so yeah. I'm debating whether to rate this Teen or higher, based on the original source material. I'll probably go with T, just to be safe. Out of curiosity, do you want to see more Good Will Hunting, or should I stick to my normal material? Anyways, see you all next time! ","Summary":" Hey everyone, Dark here! Yes, I realize that this isn't a Minecraft fanfiction, but I'm doing somet"},{"Movie":"Good Will Hunting","Title":"A Fucking Stunner","Author":"activelemons","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10227098","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I'll make this short but I wrote this at 5 am the day before my extra credit narrative was due for this movie... so basically don't be to omean to me if it sucks. Let me know you what you think maybe? *This is written in Will's point of view I lazily tossed over in my piece of cardboard bed, being mocked by the neon red of the clock that sat on top of a case of Heinekens. Day would break in a couple of hours and I couldn't sleep at all. I thought about everything. Everything that ever happened came flying at full fucking speed in my mind. I thought about how those motherfuckers left me in an orphanage, left me to fend for myself against stronger assholes with wrenches. I hated them. I hated almost everybody. I thought about Chuckie and I thought about how I almost hated him too. He called me out on my shit the other day. I mean, damn, that prick knows just what to say to hit you in the fucking balls. 'Fuck you, you don't owe it to yourself man, you owe it to me. Cuz tomorrow I'm gonna wake up and I'll be 50, and I'll still be doin' this shit... you're sittin' on a winnin' lottery ticket... It'd be an insult to us if you're still here in 20 years. Hangin' around here is a fuckin' waste of your time.' It didn't stop. It kept echoing in my head over and over again. I'm sick of hearing how I owed it to myself to be successful but Chuck didn't fall into that bullshit. He told me straight up if I didn't do it for him, he would kill me. I smiled at the memory of him tossing his cigarette aside, saying \"and that's not a threat, that's a fucking fact\". He was was one of the most heartfelt, pathetic bastards I ever met, he was, but he was right. As much as I hated giving that imbecile any form of a compliment, I have to admit he was clever, the idiot. After sitting in a fucking hell hole, he was the first asshole to pull me out and give me a fucking life. He was my best friend and I did owe it to him. I thought about the professor. He set up another meeting at some big-name corporation for me again. It was either go to this one or slum up the rest of my life at that shit construction site. I figured I'd go, maybe fuck it up just to piss him off. I don't owe him anything anyway. He thinks I owe him; he acts like I should be grateful that he \"challenges\" with kindergarten equations as a probation. To be exceedingly honest, I'd rather rot in jail. I hate how he fucking pushes me like he thinks his fucking equations are a gift to me. I could do that shit in my sleep and yeah, it might be a gift to the average idiot but to me it's a joke. I don't want what he wants. I don't want to spend the next 50 years doing long divisions for a corrupt corporation anyway, so fuck him. I thought about Sean. Sean was different. I broke down today in front of him. He told me about his abusive childhood and I felt the salty mist well up in my eyes. I tried, goddamn I tried, to fuck up his stupid psychological techniques but he got closer. He told me it wasn't my fault, the shit that happened to me. I tried and I tried to push off him off, I tried so fucking hard. Of course it was my fucking fault. I was a piece of shit and I deserved everything I got but Sean kept pushing. He kept convincing me that the the death-brew of my mentality was wrong. Looking back at that hour, I knew I was nearly at the seems of tearing. I don't know if there is a God, but there definitely is a funny guy sitting up saying \"yeah, I'll choose this moment for him to break\". I hated it. I hated crying. I hated this room too. I got up and sat in the dusty old chair in the kitchen. The light above me was annoyingly bright and it burned my eyes but I didn't look away; I didn't blink. I just kept hearing it over and over again. 'It's not your fault'. I wanted to hear it though. I wanted Sean to scream it at me over and over again so much that the sound of nasal voice was enough to tattoo those fucking words on me. I needed to believe it and even though I'll never admit it to him, I hope one day I'll believe in his words. By the time all the blood from my body accumulated to my ass in the raggedy chair, it was nearly dawn. I thought about the interview. I know I should go... but fuck that. The phone rang as soon as I decided I'd skip work today and sleep the fuck in. It was the professor. Typical. \"Will, good morning!\" he chimed. It was too early in the morning for this cheery bullshit. \"You've got a pen and paper near you right?\" I sighed into the phone and picked a the scrap off the floor. \"Yeah, go ahead.\" I reluctantly replied. He went mumbling about that interview. He told me the address I think and some other useful information I probably should have been listening to, but I wasn't paying attention. I recognized the paper, I dropped it in on my way home. It was Sean's number and place. I played along to the professor's charade, repeating the phone number he gave me as if I was writing it down but I scribbled something else on the paper. When he hung up, I felt overwhelmed. I felt adrenaline rushing into my system and I wasn't pussying out of this one. I shoved the paper into my pocket on the way to the car and looked back at my place. My engine was running but I was stuck. Should I just leave? ' you know what the best part of my day is? For about ten seconds, from when I pull up to the curb and when I get to your door, 'cause I think, maybe I'll get up there and I'll knock on the door and you won't be there. No goodbye. No see you later. No nothing. You just left. I don't know much, but I know that.' I smiled again, something I found myself doing a bit more often these days and drove out the park way while I gave that dumpster one last look. \"I hope your ten seconds are worth it, ya prick\" I laughed. I sped off on the road, suddenly feeling an urgency in my new found courage. When I got to Sean's house, I could see him in the window arranging his paintings. I stood there for a minute admiring his happiness and laughed to myself, imaging his reaction to my note. I took the piece of paper out of my pocket and folded it up in his metal mail box. I couldn't help myself, I admit, I had to to use the line he fed to his wife. I had to go get mine. California was weird. I finally got there mid-day and it is actually like the commercials describe it. It's so fucking sunny here, and there's ads everywhere and I mean fucking everywhere. You can get braces here for $1000 (not that I'd pay that much for a piece of fucking metal), \"get thin quick\" like the bony broad on the billboard, or listen to some half-pipe musician on some bullshit radio station. There were fields and fields of produce, cowboys standing on the edge of the road to fix my car, hippies smoking god knows what in the outlet streets, fuck it was so different. Everywhere I looked there was something going on. It wasn't gloomy like it was back home, it was bright here. You know, the sun was out and shit and I didn't know if I liked that. Every ray of light that penetrated this hot body stung me with self-confidence. I was being built up and I didn't know if it was because I was about to crash. I ran through a million and a half obstacles to get to her. You know... her. I was walking through the cozy dorms of the university, getting stares from some snark, stuck-up dorks along the way and I just stood there. I stood there staring at the bright, gold-plated numbers of her room. I felt like right then and there, I was bitch-slapped by a wave of emotions. My throat dried up a bit and I could nearly feel her glowing presence. I longed to touch her again, talk to her, make her laugh, or take her out to the dirt-coffee they had in this state. She was perfect, ya know. In everything. Everything about her was perfect. I loved the way her eyes sparkled when she would laugh, and oh god that laugh. It was like a symphony to my ears and I swear, if every word I said could make her laugh, then I'd talk for fucking ever. I loved her smooth skin and how it felt brushed up against mine. I loved her soft lips and her dark hair and her smart mouth and her jokes and everything about her. I missed her. I forced myself to bring up a fist at her door and I shit you not, 0.2 seconds before I would've knocked, she opens the door. She looks shocked to see me and I could already see the tears brimming in her eyes. \"Will,\" she breathed out. I felt my palms get sweaty and suddenly everything I knew I loved about her amplified. My breathing hitched and my heart nearly stopped for a split second. I knew what I wanted to say to her but every mesmerizing feature of her's completely wiped out the panic-speech I made in the car ride here. She looked at me, waiting for me to say something. \"I... um, I was just in the neighborhood,\" I stupidly lied. She looked at me and attempted to hide her laugh but she didn't hold it in. God I loved that laugh. \"You were just in the neighborhood?\" \"Yeah, you know, it's a few days drive but I heard they have some shitty coffee I'd love to try... Have a cup with me?\" Her smile faded and she sighed once more. \"Will, what are you doing here?\" I smiled, flashing a view of my teeth to her. Here it was, here was my chance. \"Well, I figured I'd come here, get a job, find the girl I love, and spend my life with her.\" Her head snapped up at my words and by now, the tears rolled down her perfect face. \"Th-the girl you love?\" \"Yes, ma'am\" I nodded. \"And that girl? That girl you love is me?\" I could hear her choking out the words through controlled sobs and I figured what's a better way to shut up a girl than to kiss her? So I went in for it, real Casanova-like. Chicks dig that. \"Skylar, I just blew off a job with a $60,000 starting salary to come all the way over here to have a cup of coffee with you. Yeah, I fucking love you.\" And that was that. The rest of the sappy love story you can hear from my future wife but that was it for me. That was the day I drank the most disgusting cup of coffee in the world with the most breath-taking, most perfect woman in existence. So yeah, fuck that interview. I didn't regret not going to it because if you saw my girl, you would know. She was a stunner. ","Summary":" A/N: I'll make this short but I wrote this at 5 am the day before my extra credit narrative was due"},{"Movie":"Good Will Hunting","Title":"Somethings Gone Wrong","Author":"Toxic Rain","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3486347","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer- I do not own the characters, character names, the places, nor the original story. The following story here written is mainly based on my own ideas and partly based on the occurances in the original story. I do however own the plot, and some of the characters that weren't in the original story. A/N- This is my first fanfic, and its going to be coming in bits and pieces, seeing how it is my first, and, I'm trying to keep my focus on this story and this story alone, which all writers know can be a hard thing when other ideas spirng up. I would also like to tell you that the characters in the disclaimer, the extra characters I added in, I haven't 100 come up with how to fit them in, but, I do know there will be some new characters because they are in Cali. and can't have all the same character. Okay. Enough talking. Read if you so wish. x Will pulled into the gas station parking lot. He looked around, searching for the pay phone, but couldn't find one outside. He got out of his car and hurried into the gas station, as it was getting dark, and nearing closing time. He went over to the front counter and looked at the girl standing behind it. She didn't look much older than late teens. \"Excuse me. Can you tell me where I might find a pay phone?\" Will asked, impatiently, trying to be polite. The girl nodded and pointed toward the back of the store. \"It's hard to miss.\" she replied. Will thanked her then ran off toward the back of the store. He rummaged through his pockets for some change, but, with little luck. He looked at the sticker that was on the payphone. '25c per call.' it read. He smiled as that was all he had. He pushed the coin into the slot and picked up the phone. He began dialing Skylar's number and waited impatiently for her to pick up the phone. \"…hello?\" a voice asked. \"Skylar...\" Will breathed. \"Is that you?\" \"Yes…Who is it?\" Skylar asked, obviously confused. \"Will. It's Will. Skylar, I'm at a gas station, a few blocks from your place. Is it okay to come over, or, would you like for me to go back home?\" Will replied. \"WILL! Oh my god! Will, is it really you?!\" Skylar exclaimed in disbelief. \"Yes, Skylar, it is.\" Will smiled as he said this. \"Come right over, the door will be open.\" Skylar said happily. \"See you soon.\" Will hung up, ran to the door, then turned thanked the girl behind the counter once more then ran out of the station and back to his car. He jumped into the car and sped down the road to Skylar's. x[Chapter 2] Disclaimer- I do not own the characters, character names, the places, nor the original story. The following story here written is mainly based on my own ideas and partly based on the occurances in the original story. I do however own the plot, and some of the characters that weren't in the original story. A/N- Yet another part in the first FanFic I've ever written. Do review so I can know if I'm doing good or not. I'd like to know. Hope everyone out there is liking this. I do apologize if the installments its coming in are short, but, I find it hard to keep my mind on this story and this one alone. I apologize. Okay, done talking now. lxl As Will sped down the road he saw head lights in the rear-view mirror. He looked at them but thought nothing of it, assuming they were in a hurry, just as he was. As he sped quicker down the road, the headlights seemed to get closer. He began to get concerned, as he pulled over and jumped out of the car. He grabbed his keys and locked the doors then ran to the door of the building. The car that was following him slowed down to a stop and parked on the other side of the road. Will looked hesitantly at it then opened the door and ran up the stairs. He was breathing hard by the time he got to Skylars door and he knocked on it a few times. He heard the shuffling of feet and the door opened. \"Will!\" Skylar exclaimed happily. \"Oh Will, I'm so glad your here!!\" She jumped into his arms wrapping her arms around her neck kissing him. Will kissed her back smiling. \"Yea, I'm here.\" he said smiling, wrapping his arms around her. \"Will, why'd you come all the way out here?!\" Skylar exclaimed. \"I wanted to see you. I wanted fate to take control. I let my heart lead me. You were right. I don't hate you Skylar, I love you. Would you forgive me? Would you please forgive me? Without you, I don't feel complete.\" Will explained. \"Will, of course I forgive you.\" Skylar kissed him again smiling. \"Can I come in?\" Will asked. Skylar nodded. \"Come on in!\" Skylar pulled away from him and grabbed his hand pulling him into the room. Will turned to close the door, only to find Chuckie Sullivan standing in the door way. lxl Will stared at Chuckie then quickly closed the door and locked it. He turned to Skylar and sighed. \"Was that Chuckie?\" Skylar asked. Will nodded grimly. \"Yea, that or one hell of a look alike.\" Will said. He went over to the couch and sat down staring at the door. \"Why would he follow me all the way here? What does he need thats so important? I mean, he told me to get out of there for christs sake. Said he didn't want to see me in Boston anymore, that he wanted me to get a better life and move out. Make it good for myself.\" He looked over at Skylar. Skylar went over and sat next to Will. \"I don't know what to tell you. I don't know how to help. You could go over and ask him. Or, you could lock yourself up here all night.\" Skylar said. Will looked over to Skylar and smiled. \"Right now, I'm liking that second choice.\" lxl ","Summary":" Disclaimer- I do not own the characters, character names, the places, nor the original story. The f"},{"Movie":"Good Will Hunting","Title":"California","Author":"Silentflight","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2541966","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Good Will Hunting He pulled his lighter out of his bag eyes still on the red light ahead of him. It was a long drive to California, but he was going. He thought how she'd be now in med school she had only left a few days back. Then will remembered the fight; e blotted it from his mind, because he knew she was right. He was scared he had always been insecure, the day after she left he had realised, what had he done. The one person who did care who was going to care for him and he pushed her away. She's on the other side of the country she had to go, but she had practically begged him to come too. Guilt churned in will's stomach, he didn't want to think about it. So he continued to drive across America, the dusty motorways he used had no traffic and he had no guilt in speeding as fast as the lump of junk could go. Dust spewing up behind him. The signs past him, he didn't stop at night he ate what he had brought, he had been so often from dust till dawn he didn't need to stop. Now the signs on the roadside were changing and he saw it California. A leap of emphasis came he drove past the entrance of the med school, she was in lectures he knew. So he pulled up to a quiet café. Taking his bag he went into the rest room had a wash something to eat, then went back to the car. He woke up it was dark he hadn't realised he was dozing off he had been asleep in the car for hour and the orange light of the streetlights woke him. He started the car and drove to the dormitories of the med school, parking his car in a pitiful way he ran to the stairs reading every door buzzer label. Ignoring the state in which he had parked his car, and then he read Skylar his heart jumped with joy. Then a sudden numbness came to his body. What if she didn't care anymore? Then he just pushed the buzzer he could only try. \"Hello,\" that familiar voice it was Skylar, \"It's will,\" he said. He heard the sound of a door being swung open and someone running down the stairs. The door in front of Will was flung open skylar jumped out of the door arms around Will he held her too they stood on the door step. For the first time Will cried with happiness.[Chapter 2] Will hadnbeen in California for three days now, a nice place he had thought,nbrilliant to see Skylar again but he was feeling other stringsntwitch. He had left a note for Maguire but it had not seemed enough,nas well as Chuckie well he had seemingly done hat he had hoped thosenten seconds he walks to his door everyday. Even the runt O'mallynwas playing on his mind. He stared at the bright blue sky exhalingnthe thick puff of grey. He looked to the medical school white andnhygienically pure on this colourful landscape, as he thought itnthrough. He could not leave. But he could not stay this home sick. Henslammed the door open and closed it behind him sun failing to glarenthrough the telephone box glass. He dug in his jeans, which had onlynbeen washed once since being there and pulled out a quarter. Only hendid not have one. At that moment a quarter seemed vital and he endednup doing something he had never planned. Skylarnfinished for the day hanging up the white coat and stepping into thensun sure he would be waiting for her, her eyes danced over the road,nhis car was not there, although she guessed he must have parkednsomewhere else. She continued to look but he wasn't there. \"OhnSkylar,\" the voice behind her made her cringe the slick Dug stoodnhands on hips behind her as he made his presence ever unwanted. \"Younshould have though twice about him, staring into the street like thatnjust is not healthy,\" he smiled a queer smirk that seemednpatronising to any creature that somehow ended up in the same mile asnDug. \"do you want me to walk you home, babe,\" the pause betweennthe offer and babe Skylar felt insulted and answered bluntly. \"No,\" she ignored the muscular arrogant boy not even turning tonsee his reaction as she crossed the street and head to her flat. \"another time then,\" he shouted as though his confidence in nevernbeen rejected could not e broken as Skylar continued to walk from himnnot looking back or answering he sighed bitch under his breath andnturned to walk to his family mansion. \"younhave no qualifications,\" \"No,\"nThe aging man in glasses stared at Will who seemed rather underndressed for the occasion. \"But you can call Professor GeraldnLambeau if you need proof,\" \"Indon't think that will be necessary, thank you,\" Will stood upnlaying the pen on the table and handed the professor back his sheetnof paper. The man looked terrified how did you get that, thenassignment had been laying on the desk Will had simply answered thenquestion. \"callnthis number if you change your mind,\" The balding man sat almostngawping at the awful behaviour of the applicant. Will left knowingnhe had some explaining to do. Henbuzzed Skylar and the door unlocked, she did not speak to him though,nhe walked up the stairs. She would ignore him she had it planned outnthe door opened and he slipped inside. Skylar continued rippingnleaves off the lettuce not turning to look at him. \"Inwent for an interview,\" Skylar could not really ignore that, in allnher time of knowing Will he had never gone for anything but thenlabour of the demolition sight. She stared, he did not look tonpleased with himself but she could not help it, he was serious and henwas staying. \"Hownwas school?\" Skylar pulled a face and explained, Will did not jumpnoff the handle but that was worse he was clever did darling Dug havenit coming? Skylar just looked at Will no fear for anyone becausenthings were too perfect for that right now. In thenoffice the aging man sat working out the last step of the assignmentntricky but he had cracked it, he finally wrote down the answer andnswore. Will's scrawled answer sat above it completely accurate andnto twelve decimal places, the aging man picked up the phone. ","Summary":" Good Will Hunting He pulled his lighter out of his bag eyes still on the red light ahead of him. It"},{"Movie":"Good Will Hunting","Title":"Lucky Number 13","Author":"shouvley","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4587254","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thursday April 17, 1997. Will Hunting is at the dog track with Skylar. He tells her that he has 12 brothers. Skylar : Do you have lots of brothers and sisters? Will : I'm Irish Catholic, what do you think? Skylar : But how many? Will : You wouldn't believe me if I told you. Skylar : Why? Go on, what, 5? 7? 8? How many? Will : I have 12 big brothers. Skylar : You do not have 12 brothers. Will : I swear to God. I swear to God. I'm lucky 13 right here. Skylar : Do you know all their names? Will : Do I…yeah, they're my brothers. Skylar : What are they called? Will : Marky, Ricky, Danny, Terry, Mikey, Davey, Timmy, Tommy, Joey, Robby, Johnny, and Brian. Skylar : Say it again. Will : Marky, Ricky, Danny, Terry, Mikey, Davey, Timmy, Tommy, Joey, Robby, Johnny, and Brian. Skylar : …and Willy. Will : Willy? Will. So I got to thinking, when Will starts naming his brothers, obviously he's thought it through. Not only has he invented their names, I'm sure he's created back-stories too. So here they are. The lives of Marky, Ricky, Danny, Terry, Mikey, Davey, Timmy, Tommy, Joey, Robby, Johnny, and Brian are here, shown on the day Will mentions them, with the exception of one. Chapter 1 (Marky), will be posted shortly. Remember, reviews are love. The character names are the property of Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, however, their stories, personalities, and interactions are all mine.[Chapter 2] I don't own these characters. They belong to Ben Affleck and Matt Damon. Mark Andrew Hunting, born 1961 Married to Anne, 1982 Sons Brendan (14), Chad (11), and Ricky (10) Mark Andrew Hunting walked through the back door tired after another long day's work at Hunting Auto-Body. It had been his father's business and since he was the oldest, he was the first to go to work with his father. Unfortunately, although he had 12 younger brothers, not one of them had followed. So he ran the business by himself, supervising employees he rarely trusted, rather than his brothers, as had been his father's original intent. But Marky had made his peace with that more than ten years ago and now rarely mentioned his annoyance with his family. He just went to work and came home to put food on the table for his family. His bones creaked as he sat at the kitchen table, as they often did now. He was getting older, his body kept emphasizing to him. He could have done without the reminder. He stretched his legs and arched his back. As it cracked in multiple places, his wife Anne entered the room. She bent down to kiss him on the cheek, welcoming him home. That was the best part of his day, and sometimes she was his only reason for getting out of bed in the morning. He smiled internally when he thought of the woman he had been married to for 14 years. There were guys who looked their whole lives and never found a girl half this good. There were times when she looked at him and he felt like he was 19 again, just a guy in a bar. The same guy who saw the most beautiful girl in the world smiling just at him. At that moment he was brought out of his reverie by the entrance of his youngest child, Ricky. He was named after Marky's brother and looked so much like him sometimes he couldn't tell the difference. Ricky pulled plates out of the cabinet to start setting the table for dinner, only putting out four places. \"No Brendan tonight?\" Marky asked his wife. She turned away from the stove holding a spoon in her hand. \"No, he's over with Robby again. Tryouts are next week.\" \"So soon? It's only April. How can they have football tryouts four months before the season?\" That didn't seem to make much sense. \"I don't know. I just hope Timmy isn't going to take him to the bar again.\" The look of malice on her face made it clear she remembered the last time she had left Brendan alone with the residents of that apartment. Marky's brothers Timmy, Robby, Johnny, and Will. Not one of them had an ounce of sense when it came to being responsible. None of them saw anything wrong with a fourteen year old boy going to a bar until two o'clock in the morning. Probably because they did the same thing when they were that age. But she wanted something different for her children. She didn't want them to be alcoholics before they were old enough to drink. \"I think Timmy will think twice before he takes Brendan anywhere after the way you cussed him out the last time. He probably thought you were going to castrate him,\" Marky mused. \"I considered it.\" That was one of the things he loved her. She didn't put up with anyone's shit. He'd worried, being the oldest of 13 that he would never find someone who would stand up to his brothers. She did that and sometimes she was even the instigator. Marky turned to Ricky. \"How was school today?\" he asked. \"It was good I guess.\" He paused to think of some details. \"Oh, yeah. Chad got in a fight.\" \"Really?\" Marky sounded slightly pissed. \"Well you couldn't really call it a fight. There was this kid who was shoving ahead in the lunch line and Chad just punched him. The teachers made a big deal about it but he was only out for a couple minutes.\" \"Chad punched a kid out just for cutting in the lunch line?\" Marky didn't like that it took so little for his middle son's temper to flare. \"Did you know about this?\" he asked Anne. \"Yeah the school called me and had me come pick him up. They said they won't suspend him this time but this is his last warning. He's in his room right now being punished.\" \"We're gonna have to talk to him about this,\" Marky said, though he knew she would already know. Chad had a very quick temper for an eleven-year-old. Something had to be done before he got sent to juvie. More than one of his brothers had been there and from what he'd heard there was nothing positive that came out of a trip there. Anne started dishing the food onto plates and yelled, \"Chad! Dinner!\" She didn't doubt that he would come down. He may have resented punishment, but there wasn't much that would come between him and food. Chad appeared in the doorway and walked to his chair. He kept his eyes on the floor and took his seat. His mother set a plate of meatloaf and french fries in front of him and he immediately dug in. Marky cleared his throat. \"No one eats before saying Grace, especially someone who got in a fight today. You could use the extra prayer.\" Chad glared at him, but put his fry down. He stared off into space, waiting for his mother and Ricky to sit. When they did, his father looked at him and he knew that he was being called upon to say the blessing. He wondered if being forced to pray was a normal punishment. He didn't care. If it did qualify as a punishment he could easily take it. \"Bless us, O Lord, and these thy gifts, which we are about to receive, from thy bounty, through Christ, our Lord. Amen.\" He sped through the blessing and had a fry in his mouth before he was finished, a small act of rebellion. It didn't go unnoticed. Marky shot him a look and he knew he was in for it later. He tried to concentrate on his food to keep the subject of his punishment from coming up for as long as possible. Dinner was a quiet affair, as usual. While all four were usually talkative individuals, it was understood that the dinner table what a quiet place for reflection. The only sounds were the scraping of silverware on plates and Anne's occasional whisper to the boys to keep their elbows off the table. Chad finished first and jumped up to clear his plate. In a very uncharacteristic gesture he washed it himself. When he finished that an idea struck him and he began washing the pans the food had been cooked in. He even prepared a plate for Brendan to eat later. He cleared places as the others finished, becoming more and more nervous when his parents didn't vacate the table. Marky watched all of this silently. He knew his son was trying to punish himself, hoping that would be enough. Unfortunately, one night of doing the dishes is not good enough for knocking someone cold. But he gave the kid credit for trying. \"Can I go over to Joey Mac's for awhile?\" Ricky asked. He was out the door before his mother said yes. Chad was drying his last dish when Anne said, \"Chad will you sit down here for a minute?\" He finished his drying and took his time putting it away. Slowly he walked back to the table, sitting in Brendan's normal seat so he wouldn't have to look at both parents at the same time. Also, he was out of reach of his father, although his mother was closer. It was a calculated risk. \"You know why we want to talk to you right?\" Marky asked him. \"Because I got in a fight at school,\" he said, almost nonchalantly. \"And you know why you have to be punished?\" Anne prompted. \"Because fighting is wrong?\" he asked with fake innocence. Anne raised her hand and struck him in the back of the head. \"Stop being a smart ass.\" Obviously his calculated risk had not turned out in his favor. \"You know that's why you're always in trouble. You don't take anything seriously. Well except for cutting in the lunch line,\" she qualified. \"Apparently you think that's a capital offense.\" He gave her a look but knew better than to open his mouth again. \"I want to know why,\" Marky asked him. \"Why what?\" Chad asked. \"Why you felt this kid deserved to get knocked out.\" \"I don't know, Dad. He was pushing in and you're not allowed to do that. No one else was stopping him.\" \"So you think that he deserved it?\" \"Well, yeah. He was breaking the rules.\" As soon as he finished Chad saw the flaw in his logic, but didn't point it out hoping he parents hadn't noticed. Unfortunately for him, they did. \"But you broke the rules. Does that give us permission to beat the shit out of you?\" Anne asked him. He dodged the question. \"Ok, I was wrong. Can you just give me my punishment now?\" He was eager to get this over with. \"Just one more thing,\" Marky added. \"You know what happened to you Uncle Will a couple of weeks ago right?\" \"Yeah, he got arrested.\" Chad hated these after-school-special talks. \"For what?\" \"For fighting.\" \"And how much time might he have to spend in jail?\" \"A couple years.\" \"So what does this tell us?\" Marky asked him. When there was no response he answered his own question. \"That if you can't control your temper, it doesn't matter how smart you are, you'll spend a better part of you life in jail. And trust me, you don't want that.\" \"I know,\" Chad said, looking down at the table. \"So you're going to be grounded for a month.\" Chad's eyes bulged but he didn't argue. This punishment was more severe than he was expecting but he knew that fighting it would only make it worse. \"And you're going to apologize to that kid. What's his name?\" \"Frankie Scarpaglia.\" \"Really?\" Marky asked, incredulous. \"Do you think that was the best idea?\" Frankie Scarpaglia was the younger brother of Carmine Scarpaglia, the guy Will just got busted for pummeling. He really didn't want to start a grudge between the families. He was going to have to give Old Man Scarpaglia a call later to smooth things over. \"I wasn't thinking about who he was, just what he was doing.\" Chad replied honestly. \"Well, next time you get the urge to beat the shit out of a guy who's related to someone that any one of your uncles doesn't like, think twice,\" Anne interjected. \"So no one ever again, basically,\" Chad said with a smile. \"Yeah, that's probably true,\" Anne mused. \"There's our new philosophy right there. If any of your uncles don't like someone, they are off limits to you.\" \"That counts out just about all of South Boston, maybe even Dorchester too,\" Marky laughed. Chad chuckled nervously and was looking uncomfortable still sitting at the table. \"Ok, you can leave.\" Marky said. \"Go up to your room and do your homework. No music, no phone.\" \"Fine.\" Chad got up and left the room. Marky leaned back in his chair and ran his hand through his receding hair. \"What are we going to do with him?\" \"Can we afford military school?\" Anne offered. \"No.\" Marky laughed. \"Besides, I don't think we need to send him to school where firearms are part of the PE requirement.\" \"Oh god, you're right. Could you imagine?\" \"I'm trying not to,\" he said with a smile. \"Are you going to call Scarpaglia?\" she asked him. \"I don't know. Do you really think I need to?\" \"It probably won't hurt and if they are mad at us it will go a long way to smoothing things over.\" \"Us?\" he asked, raising an eyebrow. \"I'm a Hunting too. And have you seen Jenny Scarpaglia? She's fucking huge. She'd involve herself in a heartbeat if this gets ugly. And I don't think I want to deal with that.\" \"This isn't Shakespeare,\" Marky chortled. \"I can promise there won't be any dueling.\" \"No, I know. But what if they gang up on someone?\" She seemed genuinely concerned. When would she learn that his brothers could take care of themselves, even three on one? \"Anyway, you should call.\" \"I know. I'm just trying to come up with a reason not to.\" \"Too bad,\" she said. \"Just get it over with.\" \"All right,\" he allowed. \"Get me the phone book.\" Anne went over to the side table and pulled the five pound book from the bottom shelf. She dropped it in front of her husband with a thud and he started paging through it. He flipped back and forth between two pages repeatedly. \"What?\" Anne asked, impatiently. \"Fucking number isn't listed. Where the hell did they get the money to keep their number unlisted?\" He sighed. \"Fuck it. If he wants to talk he can call here.\" He slammed the book shut and put it back where it belonged. He wasn't going to worry about it. Fights happen there was no reason for Scarpaglia to hold a grudge. He pulled a beer out of the refrigerator and made his way to the couch. Anne followed and curled up next to him, handing him the remote. She pulled a blanket off of the back of the couch to cover her legs and Marky put his arm around her. He turned on the TV and switched to the news. He didn't really care much about current events but he knew Anne liked it when he paid attention to what was going on in the world. All he was really interested in was the Sox game starting afterwards. \"It's nice not having any kids around,\" Anne proclaimed suddenly. \"We should empty the house more often.\" Marky chuckled. \"Chad's still here. He might take offense to that.\" \"That's the beauty of punishment. We can offend him as much as possible and it's all part of the discipline process.\" \"You're evil. You take pleasure in your child's pain?\" he asked with fake concern. \"You don't know the half of it,\" she replied. \"They don't even have to do anything wrong, I'll punish them just for the hell of it.\" \"Well if that doesn't make you mother of the year I don't know what does.\" He chuckled again. They watched the rest of the news in relative silence and when the baseball game started Anne got up to check on Chad. She returned with a look of annoyance on her face. \"The little bastard's sleeping,\" she grumbled. \"He really has it figured out. You know pretty soon he's going to be sneaking out the window in the middle of the night.\" Anne shuddered. \"Don't even mention that. I don't want to think about my children running the streets at night.\" Marky pulled her onto his lap. \"Don't worry, I figure we have at least a couple of weeks before that starts.\" \"And why is that?\" Anne asked, curious as to how he could pin the date down so closely. \"It's still too cold. He's not going to go running around when it's forty degrees out. Give him until at least May,\" he teased. \"You think you're so funny,\" she mocked. \"I'm fucking hilarious,\" he returned. He wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her closer. He nuzzled his nose into her hair, smelling the sweet scent of her shampoo. She turned her head up, exposing her neck and he kissed his way up from her collarbone to her ear. As he nibbled on her earlobe she let out a contented sigh and turned her face to kiss him properly. They were interrupted when they heard the front door slam. \"Jesus Christ, get a room!\" Ricky yelled, covering his eyes. \"Watch your mouth,\" Anne warned with a severe look as she got up. \"Is your homework done?\" she asked as she walked into the kitchen. \"Pretty much,\" Ricky replied. Marky gave him a stern look and he sighed, giving in. \"I'll go get my backpack.\" Ricky went into the kitchen and pulled his backpack off of the hook and set it on the kitchen table. Anne picked up her book from the kitchen table and headed up stairs. She didn't feel like watching the game and didn't feel obligated now that Ricky way home. \"Why don't you bring it in here and watch the game while you do it?\" Marky offered. \"Really?\" he asked eagerly. \"Sure, as long as you promise to work hard.\" Ricky picked up his papers and sat down in front of the TV with him. He focused diligently through the first two innings but it gradually declined to working during commercial breaks, and only when Marky reminded him. When the game ended, in a loss as usual, it was after 10 o'clock. Marky sent Ricky up to bed and went to call Robby to remind him that Brendan needed to be home by eleven on school nights. He didn't let Anne know. He was trying to help Robby get back into her good graces and it was going to take some effort from both sides. He dialed the number and waited for an answer. While it was ringing Brendan walked through the front door. Marky hung up and said, \"He got you home on time. That's a first.\" \"Uncle Robby had a date so I think he was in a hurry to get me out of there.\" \"Cara, Alice, or Brenna?\" Marky asked. It was a well known fact that Robby had trouble with monogamy. And apparently these girls had no problem with that. \"Brenna,\" Brendan laughed. \"So how did your practice go? Did you learn anything new?\" \"It was mostly going over the stuff I already know. But he taught me some new stuff about receiver routes. It was really cool.\" \"Good. There's nobody better for that that Robby,\" Marky said. He nodded toward the refrigerator, \"There's some meatloaf in there. Did you watch the game?\" He pulled the plate out and started eating it cold. Marky shook his head. Teenage boys. They're like garbage disposals. \"Yeah, we left as soon as it was over. Could've left soon though. It was pretty fucking worthless.\" Brendan had been allowed to swear in front of his father for about a year now, so he took full advantage. If his mother heard the words coming out of his mouth she would've slapped him upside the head. \"I know. The only one that looked decent tonight was that Nomar kid and I don't think he's going anywhere.\" He continued ranting slightly and Brendan yawned. \"Why don't you go to bed?\" Marky offered. \"Yeah, I think I will,\" Brendan said. \"Make sure your brothers go to sleep too.\" \"Ok. Night, Dad.\" Brendan put his dirty plate in the sink and walked out of the kitchen and up the stairs to the room he shared with Chad and Ricky. Marky started picking things up and turning off lights in his preparation for bed. He dragged his creaky body up the stairs and walked into the bedroom. Anne was lounging on the bed with her back to him, propped up with pillows reading her book. He walked up behind her, put his hand on her side and leaned in to kiss her on the cheek. She rolled over to face him and pulled him down for a kiss. After a couple of seconds, she started pulling her shirt over her head and whispered, \"Lock the door.\" Next is Ricky, and it is the only chapter that will not take place in 1997. Reviews are awesome. ","Summary":" Thursday April 17, 1997. Will Hunting is at the dog track with Skylar. He tells her that he has 12 "},{"Movie":"Good Dinosaur","Title":"The Good Dinosaur: Thunderclap's Revenge","Author":"Zahid Alexander","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12431423","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Good Dinosaur: Thunderclap's Revenge One morning, when the sunshine was covering all Clawtooth Mountain, Arlo the young Apatosaurus went out of his house to play with his beloved friend, Spot the human cub. They played all of their favorite games, like fetch, hide n' seek and racing. But their fun didn't last long, because suddenly a great wave of feral human natives came running up the hill, headed to the Apatosaurus home and attacked it, setting it on fire. While Arlo was distracted, watching how his home was destroyed, Thunderclap, who wasn't dead, appeared out of nowhere and snatched Spot from Arlo's back, and while shouting his famous frase: ''The storm provides!'' he approached the little kid to his mouth. Spot! NOOOOOOOOO! -cried Arlo-…AAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGHHHHHH! Arlo woke up with a scream. Then he realized it was all just another nightmare. The house wasn't on fire, and Thunderclap wasn't there. But the feeling that Spot wasn't by his side anymore made him sigh. He was inside his house, warm and comfy, lying in the ground and covered by a blanket made out of longhorn skin. Momma entered the room and said: -Arlo, darling, what's going on? I heard you scream. -Umm, it was nothing, momma. Just another nightmare. I just wish to stop having them. -Awww, don't worry, son, you will learn to overcome all of your fears soon. And remember, you may not see him, but Poppa will always be with you, and in your hearth. Now, come out, I made your favorite breakfast, corn stew with boiled clucker eggs and longhorn butter. Right after breakfast, Arlo and his brothers, Buck and Libby, started to do their usual farm chores. After his previous great adventure, Arlo had gained a little more courage, so while feeding the cluckers, he didn't get scared, because he knew he was strong, and while having his father's spiritual advice and care, there was nothing to be afraid of. The day passed normally, until the young dinosaurs, Sam the triceratops and Vivian the ankylosaurus, came to tell Arlo and his family that they and their families are moving, because they saw humans taking their home, and warn them to do the same, because probably humans would come to take their home, too. But wait, do you know where those humans came from?-asked Arlo. Well, mother said there was a great human village far from here that we were never allowed to go.-said Sam. Then Arlo decided to go to that village and try to make the humans understand and leave the dinosaurs homes. But he knew this time, his brothers needed to accompany him. Libby liked adventures, so she was eager to go on a new adventure with her little brother. Then let's go!- Libby exclaimed with joy. Buck reluctantly agreed. He didn't want his ''coward'' brother to lead them and then get more fear attacks. -Uhh… All right. Just don't go hiding on a cave if you see something scary in halfway. Arlo didn't listen to Buck. If he survived during a long way back to home, passing through lots of challenges and danger, why would he be afraid going on another adventure? So, after waving goodbye their mother, off the trio went, making sure they stay together so they couldn't get in trouble. They didn't walk too much until Arlo ran into his little friend Spot! The dinosaur and the kid hugged each other. Buck and Libby were scared at first. Aaaghh! Arlo! A human! Stay away from it! It's dangerous! Leave it to me- yelled Buck, preparing to stomp the creature. NO! STOP!- shouted Arlo, then he presented Spot to is brothers and explained all the things they made during their last adventure, and the great friendship they formed. So Buck and Libby got calmed and continued. By the way, were you scared, Buck? -asked Arlo. Me? Tsh, nooo!- said Buck. The group, now made of four, walked for hours through the mountains, until they arrived to a calm, silent grove full of trees. Arlo knew this was the home for nearby Styracosaurus, so there might be humans there, too. Just as expected, there was already natives building their tents and preparing woodfires. Arlo explained Spot their mission, so Spot jumped off Arlo's back as he and his brothers watched an unexpected surprise… Spot had learned talking with his family! So with a caveman accent, he said to the natives: -This… dinosaur… home… You… must… not… take… dinosaurs… home… Dinosaurs… get… angry… Find… lone… place… to… build… houses. The natives quickly understood Spot's words and they had no other choice than pick up their belongings and leave to an unhabited place so they can avoid confrontation with the dinosaurs. Arlo, Buck and Libby stared at Spot, amazed and open-mouthed. Buck and Libby looked to each other and she said: -Amazing! I wish I could have one too! Yeah, I have to agree!- said Buck. Then, just when they finished talking, two tiny man cubs popped out from the bushes! A girl, with red hair and aquamarine eyes, and a boy with short black hair and brown skin and eyes. So Libby and Buck didn't think it twice and decided to adopt them, if they could understand them and like them, just like Spot with Arlo. Suddenly, the crew heard a familiar voice (well, at least for Arlo and Spot) coming from between the trees. It was Forrest Woodbush, the supposedly shaman! Greetings, young voyager, and your feral pet creature. After 2 long years, we meet again. I see you've brought this time these two young ones who look a lot like you.- he said. Of course! These are my brothers, Buck and Libby.- answered Arlo. -And what do my eyes see right now? They also found each one a creature similar to yours! Have you already found a name for them? Ummm, no.-said Buck and Libby at the same time. Well, I got an idea, -said the shaman- we can make a name war to determine which name is the chosen one for these creatures. Oh, no… here we go again!- said Arlo, annoyed. Okay… said Woodbush- Ladies first. Come here, young lady. So Libby happily walked with the little human girl toward Woodbush. Ugh! Seriously!?- whined Buck. Are you ready, Fibby?- said the Styracosaurus. Libby!- she corrected him. -However. You know, if I win it's mine! And so, the match begun. -Tulip!-said Libby. -Muddy!-exclaimed Woodbush. - Bloom! -Messy! -Scent! -Nasty! -Duchess! -Rabid! -Catrina! -Menace! -DYNA! The little cavegirl then raised her head. That name was the right one! Now it was Buck's turn. Arlo began to feel less annoyed and giggled a little because of how fun it was for him to watch his brothers go through the same thing he did in his adventure. All right, brace yourself, elder!- said Buck- Hunk! Fang! -said Woodbush. -Strong! -Germ! -Strangle! -Fatal! -Squasher! -Freaky! -Muscle! -Grumpy! -KURT! And with that name, the little caveboy raised his head. Buck could stay with him! Very well, young ones. You can stay with them.- said Woodbush finally- No! Not you again, Debbie! Nor you, Destructor! So Arlo, Spot, Buck, Libby, now accompanied by Kurt and Dyna, had to flee from the two pets and the shaman just like last time. Later that night, the brothers and their pets rested and started thinking about the upcoming stops they needed to go next day. In the morning, Spot started teaching the newcomers all they needed to know to help them get the humans out from the territories of the dinosaurs, including talking. So the group continued their adventure. They moved all of the natives they saw to places where they could build their own homes. At the middle of day, they met a beautiful female Brontosaurus named Bay, who was scaring some attacking humans away. Her skin was sky blue colored, her eyes were turquoise, and she was the same age as Arlo! -My name is Arlo. These are my brothers Buck and Libby, and these little guys are Spot, my best friend, and my brothers' pets, Kurt and Dyna. -Wait, humans? What are you doing with them!?- yelled Bay. Bay hated humans, so she felt scandalized when she saw the three little humans. Arlo calmed her down and asked her why she hated humans, so she told him her backstory: she was separated from her parents by a pack of humans when she was a toddler. Arlo told her that he knew how it felt to lose a parent, and said that these three little humans understood them and were their friends. -Humans are no longer a menace for us dinosaurs. Now we live in peace each one of us in in his home. They are just trying to survive, just like us, but they do in the outside because something happened to their village, we must find it out. Will you… join us? Bay didn't trust Arlo because of hanging around with humans. She thought that he might still be wrong. But, if going to the village to make the humans stop invading their territory it would be a pleasure to join them. -Ugh, all right, let's go. For the security of us Brontosaurus. They walked for hours and hours until they met the three cowboy Tyrannosaurus Rexes, Butch and his sons Nash and Ramsey, who told them that they haven't seen the raptors for a long time, however, their longhorn cattle had been getting lesser and lesser, and they didn't know why. Arlo quickly deducted it was due to the natives, who must have been hunting them and using their hides and meat for their supplies. Butch said that if that was true, they must try to find their lost and remaining longhorns and mainly, get rid of the humans. That was their main mission, so that didn't look like a challenge. Spot, Kurt and Dyna did their best to communicate with the cavemen and they soon left to a calmer site. Right after that, Arlo, his brothers and Bay retrieved a few longhorns for the T-Rexes. Butch recognized there was enough longhorns-males and females- to repopulate in a while. He, Nash and Ramsey, thanked them joyously. Arlo asked them if they knew something about the Human Village. Ramsey said it was not too far from their plains and Nash invited them to ride along with them to where it was. So they did, and soon arrived to a location near the Great River, where the village was supposed to be. Arlo, Bay, Llbby and Buck and the kids waved goodbye to the cowboy T-rexes and hurried to the village to discover why humans were out of it. To their surprise, they found out that the Great Human Village was completely destroyed! So Buck, as the muscleman of the crew, decided that their final mission was to rebuild the village so the camping natives could go back to where they belonged. -Ok, Bros. Let's finish this once and for all. We gotta collect all the logs and leaves we can get so we can get enough material to rebuild these savages their homes. C'mere, Kurt. Let's get to work. So, the brothers, the kids and the newcomer girl began gathering materials to rebuild the village as fast as they could. They had not made too much progress until they saw something coming. It was Thunderclap! He was still alive! And now he was accompanied by a group of feral dinosaurs, like carnotaurus, spinosaurus, allosaurus, deinonichus, and even the rustler raptors, Bubbha, Lurleane, Pervis and Earl! Thunderclap! Did you destroy this village? You're risking the dinosaurs and humans lives!- said Arlo. What do we care?-roared Thunderclap-All I wanna do is get my revenge against all those who mocked me because of my condition, and mainly you. But now I have new buddies that understand me, and I found out that even on earth, the storm provides! Now your family be condemned when your home gets infested by all of these coward humans! Arlo lunged growling at Thunderclap. The fight began. Earthstalkers, attack!- Thunderclap commanded. Libby, Dyna, Buck, Kurt and Bay, who had to temporarily adopt Spot, protected Arlo by fighting bravely against Thunderclap's army. Meanwhile the young Apatosaurus and the evil Nyctosaurus were struggling and wrecking some of the few already built houses. At one point, Arlo pushed Thunderclap fiercely, causing him to stumble and trip on a turtle shell pot full of tar, spilling it, and fell oversome pieces of broken tents. Then, Arlo watched shocked. Thunderclap had patched his wing hole, regaining his flying ability! So laughing evilly, he caught Arlo between his claws and carried him flying to the rapid river, planning to let him fall there to death. His hatred against Arlo and his desire for revenge gave him even more strength than before. Arlo's friends and brothers managed to defeat the Earthstalkers and scare them away, but then they witnessed in fear how Thunderclap was holding Arlo before he could kill him, so they hurried to help him. Arlo didn't give up, though. He started swinging back and forth repeatedly under Thunderclap's claws until he managed to swing upwards and over Thunderclap's head. Thanks to Arlo's weight, both fell into the river, and the struggle continued there. They were approaching to a gigantic waterfall! Thunderclap fiercely grabbed Arlo's long neck and started strangling him, before he could give him a final snap on it with his giant jaws. Arlo felt like dying already, but then he saw the image of his own dad, who said: -My son, don't give up, remember, you're like me, and more. Now, FIGHT! Suddenly, Arlo's inner spark ignited and he quickly reacted. When he saw a stack of heavy logs near the shore of the river, he knew what to do. Thunderclap was about to bite Arlo's neck and finish his life, but he used his tail to knock down the logs, and they fell into the poor Thunderclap, crushing him. Then his lifeless body, under all those logs, fell down the waterfall, never to be seen again… but Arlo was next! He tried hard to swim to the shore, but no avail. But before he could fall, he luckily managed to grab onto a giant branch at one side of the waterfall. However, he could not hang in there for long. His weight was causing the branch to slowly start breaking. Arlo thought that there wasn't any hope left for him. At least he would soon meet his father again in Heaven. The branch cracked, and Arlo fell screaming, but suddenly, he felt a bite on his tail that stopped his falling. It was Bay, along with Spot! And she was being held by Libby and Dyna, who was being held by Buck and Kurt. They saved his life! But their mission wasn't complete yet. They had to finish rebuilding the village. Strong and motivated, the four good dinosaurs and the tree cave children finished building the village in no time. Then they spread the word, and the natives rejoiced, and also the dinosaurs. Now they could live again in peace, each species in its own territory, but now they also could be together if they wanted, because they realized that they looked so much like each other, in what really counts. That night, back at home, a great celebration begun, all of the human and dinosaur friends of Arlo & family gathered around and danced and sang. To Bay's surprise, her parents were there, too! She hugged them so tight as they told her that they were looking for her for years and they missed her so much. Arlo and Bay looked each other. Bay didn't hate humans nor Arlo anymore. She realized they were nice, and now she was also friends with Spot, who didn't even get jealous of her! He was lucky of being so young to understand that! So she and Arlo hugged each other by coiling their necks. Spot… Arlo… Bay… family…- said Spot. Good idea , Spot.- said Arlo, as they gave themselves a group hug. Libby and Buck were also happy with Kurt and Dyna. They knew that they also had a human family, but as long as there was a bond of friendship between humans and dinosaurs, they could meet again at any time. -Well done, Arlo. I knew you could do it, my son, a hero, The Good Dinosaur- said Momma, finally. So this is how this story ends, everyone living happily ever after, one more time, and planning their future lives and adventures. THE END ","Summary":" The Good Dinosaur: Thunderclap's Revenge One morning, when the sunshine was covering all Clawtooth "},{"Movie":"Good Dinosaur","Title":"Un Gran Dinosaurio: La venganza de Estruendo","Author":"Zahid Alexander","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12449587","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Un gran dinosaurio: La venganza de Estruendo Una mañana, cuando el sol estaba cubriendo toda la Montaña Clawtooth, Arlo el joven Apatosaurio salió de su casa para jugar con su amado amigo, Spot el cachorro humano. Jugaron todos sus juegos favoritos, como ir por el palo, escondidas y carreritas. Pero su diversión no duró mucho, porque de repente una gran horda de nativos humanos salvajes llegó corriendo la colina, se dirigió a la casa Apatosaurus y la atacó, incendiándola. Mientras Arlo estaba distraído, viendo como su casa era destruida, Estruendo, quien no estaba muerto, apareció de la nada y arrebató a Spot de la espalda de Arlo, y mientras gritaba su famosa frase: \"¡La tormenta provee!\" se acercó al pequeño Niño a su boca. ¡SPOT! ¡NOOOOOOOOO!-gritó Arlo-…AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! Arlo se despertó con un grito. Entonces se dio cuenta de que era sólo otra pesadilla. La casa no estaba en llamas, y Estruendo no estaba allí. Pero la sensación de que Spot no estaba a su lado ya le hacía suspirar. Estaba dentro de su casa, cálido y cómodo, tendido en el suelo y cubierto por una manta hecha de piel de Cuernolargo. Mamá entró en la habitación y dijo: -Arlo, cariño, ¿qué pasó? Te escuché gritar. -Umm, no fue nada, mamá. Sólo otra pesadilla. Sólo quiero dejar de tenerlas. -Oooh, no te preocupes, hijo, aprenderás a superar todos sus miedos pronto. Y recuerda, quizás no puedes verlo, pero Papá siempre estará contigo y en tu hogar. Ahora, sal, hice tu desayuno favorito, estofado de maíz con huevos de clueca cocidos y mantequilla de cuernolargo. Justo después del desayuno, Arlo y sus hermanos, Buck y Libby, comenzaron a hacer sus tareas de la granja. Después de su anterior gran aventura, Arlo había ganado un poco más de valor, por lo que al alimentar a las cluecas, no se asustó, porque sabía que era fuerte, y al tener el consejo espiritual de su padre, no había nada que temer de. El día pasó normalmente, hasta que los jóvenes dinosaurios, Sam el triceratops y Vivian el anquilosaurio, vinieron a decirle a Arlo y a su familia que ellos y sus familias se están moviendo, porque vieron a los seres humanos tomar su hogar, y les advirtieron que hicieran lo mismo, porque probablemente los seres humanos vendrían a tomar su casa, también. Pero espera, ¿sabes de dónde vinieron esos humanos? -preguntó Arlo. Bueno, mamá dijo que había un gran pueblo humano lejos de aquí a la que nunca se nos permitió ir-dijo Sam. Entonces Arlo decidió ir a ese pueblo e intentar hacer que los humanos comprendieran y dejaran los hogares de los dinosaurios. Pero sabía que esta vez, sus hermanos necesitaban acompañarlo. A Libby le gustaban las aventuras, así que estaba ansiosa por emprender una nueva aventura con su hermanito. ¡Entonces vamos! - exclamó Libby con alegría. Buck aceptó a regañadientes. No quería que su hermano \"cobarde\" los guiara y luego recibiera más ataques de miedo. - Oy ... Está bien. Simplemente no vayas a esconderse en una cueva si ves algo asustadizo a medio camino. Arlo no escuchó a Buck. Si sobrevivió durante un largo camino de vuelta a casa, pasando por muchos desafíos y peligros, ¿por qué tendría miedo de ir a otra aventura? Así que, después de decirle adiós a su madre, el trío partió, asegurándose de que permanecieran juntos para que no pudieran meterse en problemas. ¡No caminaron demasiado hasta que Arlo se topó con su pequeño amigo Spot! El dinosaurio y el niño se abrazaron. Buck y Libby se asustaron al principio. ¡Aaaghh! ¡Arlo! ¡Un humano! ¡Mantente alejado de él! ¡Es peligroso! Déjalo a mí -gritó Buck, preparándose para pisotear a la criatura. ¡NO! ¡PARA!- gritó Arlo, después presentó a Spot a sus hermanos y explicó todas las cosas que hicieron durante su última aventura, y la gran amistad que formaron. Así que Buck y Libby se calmaron y continuaron. or cierto, ¿estabas asustado, Buck? -preguntó Arlo. ¿Yo? ¡Tsh, nooo! - dijo Buck. El grupo, ahora formado por cuatro, caminó durante horas por las montañas hasta llegar a un bosque tranquilo y silencioso lleno de árboles. Arlo sabía que este era el hogar de Styracosaurios cercanos, por lo que podría haber seres humanos allí, también. Tal como se esperaba, ya había nativos construyendo sus tiendas y preparando leña. Arlo le explicó a Spot su misión, así que Spot saltó de la espalda de Arlo mientras él y sus hermanos miraban una sorpresa inesperada... ¡Spot había aprendido a hablar con su familia! Así que con un acento de hombre de las cavernas, dijo a los nativos: -Este ... dinosaurio ... en casa ... Usted ... debe ... no ... tomar ... dinosaurios ... en casa ... Dinosaurios ... enojarse ... Encontrar ... solos ... lugar ... para ... construir ... casas. Los nativos rápidamente entendieron las palabras de Spot y no tenían otra opción que recoger sus pertenencias y salir a un lugar deshabitado para que pudieran evitar la confrontación con los dinosaurios. Arlo, Buck y Libby miraron fijamente a Spot, sorprendidos y con la boca abierta. Buck y Libby se miraron el uno al otro y ella dijo: -¡Asombroso! ¡Ojalá pudiera tener uno también! Sí, tengo que estar de acuerdo. - dijo Buck. Entonces, justo cuando terminaron de hablar, dos diminutos cachorros salieron de los arbustos. Una muchacha, con el pelo rojo y los ojos de color aguamarina, y un muchacho con pelo negro corto y piel y ojos marrones. Así que Libby y Buck no lo pensaron dos veces y decidieron adoptarlos, si pudieran entenderlos y como ellos, al igual que Spot con Arlo. De repente, la tripulación escuchó una voz familiar (bueno, al menos para Arlo y Spot) viniendo de entre los árboles. ¡Era Forrest Woodbush, el supuesto chamán! Saludos, joven viajero, y tu criatura animal salvaje. Después de 2 largos años, nos reunimos de nuevo. Veo que has traído esta vez a estos dos jóvenes que se parecen mucho a ti.- dijo. ¡Por supuesto! Estos son mis hermanos, Buck y Libby -respondió Arlo-. -¿Y qué ven mis ojos ahora? ¡También encontraron a cada uno una criatura similar a la tuya! ¿Ya has encontrado un nombre para ellos? Ehhh, no -dijo Buck y Libby al mismo tiempo-. Bueno, tengo una idea -dijo el chamán-, podemos hacer una guerra de nombres para determinar qué nombre es el elegido para estas criaturas. ¡Oh, no .. aquí vamos de nuevo! - dijo Arlo, molesto. Bien... dijo Woodbush- Damas primero. Ven aquí, jovencita. Así que Libby caminó alegremente con la pequeña muchacha humana hacia Woodbush. ¡Ay! ¿En serio?- se quejó Buck. ¿Estás listo, Fibby? -dijo el Styracosaurus. ¡Libby! - le corrigió. -Sin embargo. Sabes, ¡si gano es mío! Y así, el partido comenzó. -¡Tulipán! -dijo Libby. -¡Lodo! -exclamó Woodbush. - ¡Flor! -¡Sucio! -¡Aroma! -¡Asqueroso! -¡Duquesa! -¡Rabioso! -¡Catrina! -¡Amenaza! -DYNA! La pequeña niña levantó entonces la cabeza. ¡Ese nombre era el correcto! Ahora era el turno de Buck. Arlo empezó a sentirse menos molesto y se rió un poco por lo divertido que era para él ver a sus hermanos pasar por lo mismo que hizo en su aventura. ¡Muy bien, prepárate, anciano!-dijo Buck-Hunk. ¡Colmillo! -dijo Woodbush. -¡Fuerte! -¡Germen! -¡Estrangular! -¡Fatal! -Aplastador! -¡Raro! -¡Músculo! -¡Gruñón! ¡KURT! Y con ese nombre, el pequeño niño levantó la cabeza. ¡Buck podría quedarse con él! Muy bien, los jóvenes. Puedes quedarte con ellos.- dijo Woodbush finalmente- ¡No! ¡No de nuevo, Debbie! ¡Tampoco tú, Destructor! Así que Arlo, Spot, Buck, Libby, ahora acompañado por Kurt y Dyna, tuvo que huir de las dos mascotas y el chamán como la última vez. Más tarde esa noche, los hermanos y sus mascotas descansaron y empezaron a pensar en las próximas paradas que necesitaban para ir al día siguiente. Por la mañana, Spot comenzó a enseñar a los recién llegados todo lo que necesitaban saber para ayudarles a sacar a los humanos de los territorios de los dinosaurios, incluyendo hablar. Así que el grupo continuó su aventura. Se trasladaron a todos los nativos que vieron a lugares donde podrían construir sus propias casas. A mitad del día, se encontraron con una hermosa mujer Brontosauria llamada Bay, que estaba asustando a algunos seres humanos que la atacaban. Su piel era de color azul cielo, sus ojos eran turquesa, y tenía la misma edad que Arlo! - Mi nombre es Arlo. Estos son mis hermanos Buck y Libby, y estos chicos son Spot, mi mejor amigo, y las mascotas de mis hermanos, Kurt y Dyna. -żEspera, humanos? ¿Qué están haciendo con ellos? - gritó Bay. Bay odiaba a los humanos, por lo que se sintió escandalizada cuando vio a los tres pequeños humanos. Arlo la calmó y le preguntó por qué odiaba a los humanos, así que ella le contó su historia: fue separada de sus padres por un grupo de humanos cuando era una niña pequeña. Arlo le dijo que sabía lo que sentía al perder a un padre, y dijo que estos tres pequeños humanos los entendían y eran sus amigos. -Los humanos ya no son una amenaza para nosotros los dinosaurios. Ahora vivimos en paz cada uno de nosotros en su casa. Ellos sólo están tratando de sobrevivir, al igual que nosotros, pero lo hacen en el exterior porque algo le pasó a su pueblo, debemos descubrirlo. ¿Te nos unes? Bay no confiaba en Arlo porque se quedaba con los humanos. Ella pensó que todavía podría estar equivocado. Pero, si iban al pueblo para hacer que los humanos dejen de invadir su territorio, sería un placer unirse a ellos. -Oh, está bien, vamos. Por la seguridad de nosotros los Brontosaurios. Caminaron durante horas y horas hasta que conocieron a los tres vaqueros Tyranosaurios Rexes, Butch y sus hijos Nash y Ramsey, quienes les dijeron que no habían visto a los rapaces por mucho tiempo, sin embargo, su ganado de Cuernolargos se estaba disminuyendo cada vez más, y no sabían por qué. Arlo dedujo rápidamente que era debido a los nativos, que debían haber estado cazándolos y usando sus pieles y carne para sus provisiones. Butch dijo que si eso era cierto, debían tratar de encontrar a sus perdidos y restantes Cuernolargos y principalmente, deshacerse de los humanos. Esa era su misión principal, por lo que no parecía un desafío. Spot, Kurt y Dyna hicieron todo lo posible para comunicarse con los hombres de las cavernas y pronto se fueron a un sitio más tranquilo. Después de eso, Arlo, sus hermanos y Bay recuperaron unos cuantos Cuernolargos para los T-Rexes. Butch reconoció que había suficientes Cuernolargos, machos y hembras, para repoblar en un tiempo. Él, Nash y Ramsey, los agradecieron con alegría. Arlo les preguntó si sabían algo sobre la aldea humana. Ramsey dijo que no estaba demasiado lejos de sus llanuras y Nash les invitó a montar junto con ellos a donde estaba. Así lo hicieron, y pronto llegaron a un lugar cerca del Gran Río, donde se suponía que estaba el pueblo. Arlo, Bay, Llbby y Buck y los niños se despidieron de los vaqueros T-rexes y se apresuraron a la aldea para descubrir por qué los humanos estaban fuera de ella. Para su sorpresa, descubrieron que la Gran Aldea Humana estaba completamente destruida! Así que Buck, como el musculoso de la tripulación, decidió que su misión final era reconstruir el pueblo para que los campesinos pudieran volver a donde pertenecían. -Ok, hermanos. Terminemos esto de una vez por todas. Tenemos que recoger todos los troncos y hojas que podemos obtener para que podamos obtener suficiente material para reconstruir estos salvajes sus casas. Ven, Kurt. Pongámonos a trabajar. Así que los hermanos, los niños y la recién llegada comenzaron a recolectar materiales para reconstruir la aldea tan rápido como pudieron. No habían avanzado demasiado hasta que vieron que algo venía. ¡Era Estruendo! ¡Todavía estaba vivo! Y ahora estaba acompañado por un grupo de dinosaurios salvajes, como carnotauros, espinosaurios, allosaurios, deinonichus, e incluso los raptores cuatreros, Bubbha, Lurleane, Pervis y Earl! ¡Estruendo! ¿Tú destruiste este pueblo? ¡Estás arriesgando las vidas de los dinosaurios y los humanos! - dijo Arlo. ¿Qué nos importa? - gritó Estruendo - Todo lo que quiero hacer es obtener mi venganza contra todos aquellos que se burlaron de mí a causa de mi condición, y principalmente tú, niño. Pero ahora tengo nuevos amigos que me entienden, y me di cuenta de que incluso en la tierra, la tormenta provee! ¡Ahora su familia estará condenada cuando su casa sea infestada por todos estos cobardes humanos! Arlo se lanzó gruñendo hacia a Estruendo. La lucha comenzó. ¡Pisatierra, ataquen! -ordenó Estruendo. Libby, Dyna, Buck, Kurt y Bay, quien tuvo que adoptar temporalmente a Spot, protegieron a Arlo luchando valientemente contra el ejército de Estruendo. Mientras tanto, el joven Apatosaurio y el malvado Nyctosaurio estaban luchando y destrozando algunas de las pocas casas ya construidas. En un momento dado, Arlo empujó a estruendo con ferocidad, haciéndole tambalearse y tropezarse con una olla de tortuga llena de brea, derramándola, y cayó sobre unos trozos de tiendas rotas. Entonces, Arlo lo vio sorprendido. ¡Estruendo había remendado su agujero de ala, recuperando su capacidad de vuelo! Así que riendo maliciosamente, agarró a Arlo entre sus garras y lo llevó volando al río de rápidos, planeando dejarlo caer allí a la muerte. Su odio contra Arlo y su deseo de venganza le dieron aún más fuerza que antes. Los amigos y hermanos de Arlo lograron derrotar a los pisatierra y ahuyentarlos, pero luego vieron con temor cómo Estruendo sostenía a Arlo antes de que pudiera matarlo, así que se apresuraron a ayudarlo. Sin embargo, Arlo no se dio por vencido. Empezó a balancearse repetidamente bajo las garras de Estruendo hasta que logró moverse hacia arriba y sobre la cabeza de Estruendo. Gracias al peso de Arlo, ambos cayeron en el río, y la lucha continuó allí. ¡Se acercaban a una gigantesca cascada! Estruendo agarró ferozmente el largo cuello de Arlo y comenzó a estrangularlo, antes de que él pudiera darle una mordida final con sus mandíbulas gigantes. Arlo ya se sentía como muriendo, pero entonces vio la imagen de su propio padre, quien dijo: -Mi hijo, no te rindas, recuerda, eres como yo, y más. Ahora, ¡LUCHA! De repente, la chispa interna de Arlo se encendió y reaccionó rápidamente. Cuando vio una pila de troncos pesados cerca de la orilla del río, supo qué hacer. Estruendo estaba a punto de morder el cuello de Arlo y terminar su vida, pero él usó su cola para derribar los troncos, y cayeron en el pobre Thunderclap, aplastándolo. Entonces su cuerpo sin vida, bajo todos esos troncos, cayó por la cascada, para no volver a ser visto... ¡pero Arlo era el siguiente! Se esforzó por nadar hasta la orilla, pero no sirvió. Pero antes de que pudiera caerse, por suerte logró agarrar una rama gigante a un lado de la cascada. Sin embargo, no podía quedarse allí por mucho tiempo. Su peso hacía que la rama comenzara lentamente a romperse. Arlo pensó que no le quedaba ninguna esperanza. Al menos pronto encontraría a su padre en el Cielo. La rama se quebró, y Arlo cayó gritando, pero de repente, sintió una mordedura en su cola que detuvo su caída. Era Bay, junto con Spot! Y estaba detenida por Libby y Dyna, que estaba detenida por Buck y Kurt. ¡Le salvaron la vida! Pero su misión aún no estaba completa. Tuvieron que terminar de reconstruir el pueblo. Fuertes y motivados, los cuatro héroes y los niños de las cavernas terminaron de construir el pueblo en poco tiempo. Entonces corrieron la voz, y los nativos se alegraron, y también los dinosaurios. Ahora podían volver a vivir en paz, cada especie en su propio territorio, pero ahora también podían estar juntos si querían, porque se dieron cuenta de que se parecían mucho entre sí, en lo que realmente importa. Esa noche, en casa, una gran celebración comenzó, todos los amigos humanos y dinosaurios de Arlo y familia se reunieron alrededor y bailaron y cantaron. Para sorpresa de Bay, ¡sus padres también estaban allí! Ella los abrazó con mucha fuerza y ellos le dijeron que la buscaron durante años y la extrañaron tanto. Arlo y Bay se miraron. Bay ya no odiaba a los humanos ni a Arlo. Ella se dio cuenta de que eran amables, y ahora también era amiga de Spot, que ni siquiera se puso celoso de ella! ¡Él tenía suerte de ser tan joven para entender eso! Así que ella y Arlo se abrazaron juntándose los cuellos. Spot ...Arlo... Bay... familia... - dijo Spot. Buena idea, Spot.- dijo Arlo, mientras se daban un abrazo de grupo. Libby y Buck también estaban contentos con Kurt y Dyna. Sabían que también tenían una familia humana, pero siempre y cuando hubiera un lazo de amistad entre los humanos y los dinosaurios, podían volver a encontrarse en cualquier momento. - Bien hecho, Arlo. Sabía que lo podías hacer, hijo mío, un héroe, Un Gran Dinosaurio - dijo Mamá, por fin. Así es como termina esta historia, todos viviendo felices para siempre, una vez más, y planeando sus futuras vidas y aventuras. EL FIN ","Summary":" Un gran dinosaurio: La venganza de Estruendo Una mañana, cuando el sol estaba cubriendo toda la Mon"},{"Movie":"Good Dinosaur","Title":"One Last Time","Author":"Shadow'sDelight","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11988117","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One Last Time (Arlo is now a grown up and he happens to meet the T-Rex ranchers again. Butch is now older and has a hard time getting around now, but regardless he still can pack a wallop when fighting the Raptors off. Anyway, what I'm getting too is that this short would center around Arlo thanking the T-Rex family for giving him the guts and courage he needed to get home. Arlo would also be saying is final good-bye to Butch as the old T-Rex wouldn't be living for much longer. I think I'm going to add this line. \"Hey, Butch? When you get to other side would you mind saying hi to my Papa for me?\") …. Many years have passed since Arlo's adventure finding his way back to his home, thanks to the push of courage that he needed and gained from both friends and enemies alike. Now, Arlo was full grown, experienced in farming, feeding the chickens, and keep an out for critters that tried to raid the storage for food. Often times the adult would chuckle at the memory of how he found Spot and the 'merry' chase that took soon after. Through all the trials and narrow escapes that he and Spot went through, Arlo knew deep in his heart that he had much to thank the cave boy- No…Man. Arlo knew that he had much to thank the caveman for, and if it hadn't been for Spot the dinosaur would have never met Butch, Nash or Ramsey or gained the courage he had now. Early one morning, Arlo was making his usual rounds around the farm when he unmistakably heard a far off sound of fight going on. Without hesitating, the adult ran until he was on the other side of the very same river that took his father away and the Sky Sharks had tried to kill them. Up ahead, Arlo could faintly make out several figures locked in a heated fight. Squinting even harder, Arlo made out Spot's shape running and biting at the legs and tails of the Raptor Rustlers that dared to try to attack a large dusty brown figure that was down on the ground. However, it wasn't just Spot doing the attacking Nash and Ramsey were there too! The fallen figure…that meant only one thing - Butch was down and the group need his help and fast. As out of breath as he was Arlo pushed himself even harder up the hill. He had to get to Butch. He had too! The weathered T-Rex became a surrogate father to him even for that short time that both he and Spot spent with Butch and his two kids. A loud road erupted from his throat as he came on to the scene, stopping the six raptors right in their tracks. Using the brief distraction, both Nash and Ramsey used their tails to sweep half of the thieves off their feet. Spot, who was much stronger and cleverer than he had been when was a boy, ripped a thick branch off a nearby tree and began using it as a club to stun and even bruise the remaining raptors further. The head rustler soon called his band to retreat. With one last toss in the air by Ramsey, the raptors were sent scattering across the rugged landscape. Nash gave a loud whoop of celebration. \"YEAH! TAKE THAT YOU RAPTORS! NO ONE AND I MEAN NO ONE MESSES WITH OUR PAW!\" Ramsey merely shook her head at her excited brother while grinning proudly herself. \"Ruff, Ruff, Ruff!\" Spot agreed squatting down on his legs and hanging his tongue out. The dinosaurs laughed at the human's goofy antics. \"Hey, Spot.\" Arlo greeted. The caveman looked up and gave his dinosaur a quick bark before somber. The heavy realization of Butch still needing their help silenced all three dinosaurs. Nash and Spot began trekking down the hill leaving only Arlo and Ramsey to talk. \"H-How is he?\" Arlo weakly asked the female T-Rex who looked like she was having a hard time herself. Ramsey's eyes glistened with unshed tears but she harshly blinked them away before she lost control of her voice. \"I…I won't lie to Arlo. I won't.\" The famer patiently waited until the rancher figured out what she was going to say and how she was going to address the hard news. Ramsey jerked her head up, startling Arlo in the process. She gave a wet chuckle. \"S'rry about that.\" She gave a rough sniff. \"Paw…he hadn't been doing too good since the last snow. He got awful sick one night then the next morning he developed a horrible cough that raked his entire body. Sc'red me and Nash really bad. W-We managed to run into a herd that, thankfully, had a healer with them.\" Ramsey paused and took a deep shuddering breath. \"It…took a while for them to heal him, and we lost from valuable covering ground because of that, but for me and Nash, as long as our Paw was going to be OK, we didn't mind.\" Arlo opened his mouth to say something…anything…that would help lift the T-Rex's burden, however he was interrupted by Nash who came jogging toward them. Both dinosaurs lifted their heads in alert. \"Nash…\" Ramsey began who was barely holding it together. \"I-Is Paw…?\" \"Paw's fine. He just wanted me to fetch Arlo for him.\" answered Nash with a weak grin. He motioned Arlo with his head down the hill where Spot was waiting. \"Go on, Arlo. Paw would want to talk to ya.\" Nodding somberly and taking the hint that the two siblings needed some time alone together, Arlo started walking down the hill. Spot sat waiting for him halfway down. The man's bushy eyebrows were furrowed making Spot appear so much older than Arlo remembered him to be. However, given the situation it made sense why Spot would act this way. Butch mattered just much to him as he did to Arlo, and somehow they knew they wouldn't take his passing well. Spot silently rose to his feet to follow his large friend the remaining way down. He shook his head hard as he refused to let his tears come freely. Spot smelled death on Butch. It began to grow stronger after the fight with the raptors and that scared him. It hadn't been that long ago for him and his family that Spot lost his own father to natural means, even so the human wasn't ready to say good-bye to the tough Longhorn rancher. \"Ruff. Ruff. Ruff.\" He called out, just silently hoping that Butch was still awake. Butch stirred before slowly cracking an eye open. Both Spot and Arlo stopped and waited for him to speak. \"Hello, kid.\" Arlo swallowed his threatening emotions before giving the older dying dinosaur an answer. \"Hello, Butch. I-It's been a long time hadn't it?\" In the back of his mind, Arlo was scolding himself for sounding so stupid, so weak…but a gruff answer quickly diminished any more from coming. \"Yeah…it's been a while.\" Butch had managed to lift his head a little bit, preventing him just barely having to strain to look up at Arlo. 'Dang…the kid got huge.' He thought bewildered just how large such a puny thing he had met back then grew to be. \"Kid…come sit down right beside me so that I won't have to strain such much.\" He ordered the farmer as gently as he could. The long necked dinosaur obeyed, carefully checking himself before comfortably settling himself near Butch's stomach. \"Listen…kid.\" Butch heaved after a long moment of silence. \"I don't want you, my kids, or…\" he searched for the right words to describe the small human sitting in front of him. \"Spot to mourn for me.\" Both young males opened their mouths to argue but with a stern frown they stopped. \"Listen…Arlo, take the words of an old rancher and keep them well.\" Sweat began to glisten off his skin from the strain of trying to talk and look up at the same time. Butch heaved a low grown of internal agony. He knew his time on this world was growing short. So, as best as he could, he tried to hurry and say what he needed to say. \"Arlo, throughout your entire life, and that includes you too, Spot. You're gonna have to say good-byes to a lot of different people. Some good-byes, like the one with your own Paw, was cut way too short. While others…like Nash's and Ramsey's Maw was long enough for both of them to get to know her before…she died.\" The hardened rancher's eyes reflected heavy sadness that had dwelled deep inside his very soul. After he and his kids had lost Maw to an infected leg, Butch had buried his grief and refused to show it. Ramsey had accused him several times of being heartless, and for a couple of those times, Butch himself believed it. Ranching was a hard life for both herd and herders alike. You lost the ones you loved too soon, while you slowly drift apart from those that are still alive. \"B-Butch? Butch!\" Arlo cried out, nuzzling and nudging the old T-Rex on the cheek with is nose. Spot had already left the scene and was on his way to fetch the others after seeing Butch slip deeper. Frantic barking reached Nash and Ramsey's ears. They didn't have to say a word as they quickly followed the caveman down the hill to where their Paw lay. \"Paw!\" Nash and Ramsey cried out quickly hunkering down in front of their mentor, their best friend, their dad. \"Paw!\" Ramsey choked out as she gingerly reached out and touched her father's deathly cool cheek. Large and hot tears rolled down her nose and fell on Butch's mouth. Sitting on the other side of Butch's head, Nash quietly stroked his father's head just as he down to his mother on the day of her death. Unashamedly, the T-Rex let his tears fall heavy, hot, and silent on to the dry ground below. \"Paw…\" Ramsey murmured her father's name as she took hold of one of his claws. \"Paw…I never thanked you enough for throwing me 'n Nash into their hurdles, didn't I? Y-You wanted us – BOTH of us to be strong and know what we're doing while herding the Longhorns and…fighting off them rustlers.\" She sniffed. \"Daddy…I'm so terribly sorry for calling you heartless after Mama died. I kn-knew that you were just as hurting as me and Nash were, but I got angry because you weren't showing anything! So, please, PLEASE forgive me! OK, Paw?\" \"Dad…I…I don't have any words or words for the matter to say, but…thank you for sharing your stories, making us laugh, toughening us up when you knew that we would have to face this on our own one day.\" Nash's lower lip wobbled from the strain of trying to talk and cry at the same time. \"W-When you get to where you going w-would you say hi to mom for us? Please?\" The young male scrunched his eyes tightly as he tried his hardest to keep it together. \"G'won, Arlo, Spot.\" Ramsey encouraged barely meeting their eyes. \"Say something that you would like for old dad to hear before…before he goes.\" Spot looked up at Arlo for permission to go first which he was granted with a nod. The human then walked up to large dinosaur and out stretched his arms as wide he could. \"He's giving him the biggest out he ever can give an old rancher like dad!\" blubbered Nash. Spot then threw back his head and gave a long and mournful howl that sent chills down the dinosaurs' spines. Behind the howl, there was already a great amount of pain behind it, so Arlo, Nash, and Ramsey knew that someone that Spot knew had passed away too not long ago. \"My turn…\" Arlo stated. He drew in a deep breath before speaking. \"Hey, Butch? When…you get to the other side would…you say hi to my Papa for me?\" \"Sure…I do that…for you...kids.\" with those last words, Butch a hardened rancher passed on from the world. ~The End. ","Summary":" One Last Time (Arlo is now a grown up and he happens to meet the T-Rex ranchers again. Butch is now"},{"Movie":"Good Dinosaur","Title":"Loss","Author":"Quazie89","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13220867","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello, everybody! I have something a little different for you guys today. This fic will probably come as much as a surprise to you as it did to me. I never thought I would write a Good Dinosaur fic, mostly because I didn't care too much for the movie when I first saw it. I thought it was okay, but judging by Pixar's other standards, I thought it could've been better. I never thought I would watch it again, but just recently, I have fallen in love with Sam Elliott and his voice, and he does the voice of Butch in the film, so naturally I got the very strong urge to write a story about Butch. I bought the movie on Blu-Ray and decided to watch it again to refresh my memory of I noticed in the movie we never see Nash and Ramsey' s Mom, and we never learn where she is or what happened to her. The movie never explains it, so it kind of made me think something bad had happened to her, and I wrote this story to kind of explore what could've happened to her. It takes place during the movie, when Arlo and Spot are still traveling with Butch, Ramsey, and Nash. I hope you enjoy it! A little warning before we begin the story, though, it does contain a little bit of blood and violence, but not too much. It was a dark, cloudy night, and a storm was brewing. Arlo could hear thunder rumbling in the distance, and tilted his head toward it, growing weary of the approaching storm. It had already been raining with ferocious intensity off and on for the past several days, causing all of the rivers to flood, with no end to the rain in sight. Some dinosours and other creatures had even moved to higher ground to escape the flooding. Things were letting very grim indeed, for everybody. Arlo shook his head to try to clear his thoughts, then turned and ran, fleeing into the darkness of a deep, pitch-black ravine, gasping for breath, struggling to keep up with his father, which was hard to do with the lame leg he had heavily injured in a fall on the wet rocks just moments earlier. They were running across a path of slippery rocks trailing along a raging river, chasing after the human that had escaped the trap they had set up to capture other animals and keep them from stealing the food from their silo back at the farm. They didn't know where he had went, or how far he had gotten, but they could follow his trail until they found him, which was what they were doing, until the unthinkable happened. Almost in a split second later, Arlo saw his father lose his footing on the slick rocks, watching in horror and disbelief as he fell from the slippery rocks and slipped over the edge. It had all happend so fast, Arlo hadn't had time to react, but it was almost as if it all happened in slow motion, even though Arlo knew it had only happened in a few brief seconds. \"Papa!\" Arlo cried, running over to the river's edge, and reached out a foot to pull him back out of the unforgiving waters, but it was all in vain. He just hadn't been quick or fast enough, the lame leg slowing him down. His older brother back home, Buck, who always enjoyed picking on him for being so scared all the time, was right. He was nothing but a useless coward. He could only watch, helplessly, as his father disappeared into the raging waters below. He never saw his father alive again. Arlo woke up gasping for breath, finding himself lying underneath a thick blanket of stars, having been disturbed from his fretful sleep by the same nightmare he had been having everyday ever since his father had died and he had started out on this adventure with Spot. Feeling tears of hurt, anger and frustration prick at his eyes, Arlo began to hyperventilate, and took a couple of deep breaths to calm himself down, having to remind himself he was in the presence of three very large t-rexes who could easily gobble him whole if they were hungry enough or ever felt the need to. Two of the t-rexes were still very young, and not as big as the very massive and very old t-rex lying in between them, keeping a close, watchful guard over them, but they were still very big, much bigger than Arlo, even though they were probably close to the same age. Their names, Arlo had learned earlier, were Nash and Ramsey, and the colossal, mountain-like t-rex lying in the middle of them, who was their father, was named Butch. Nash and Ramsey were both half the size of Butch, and he had to have been bigger than the biggest mountain Arlo had ever seen. He had never seen a dinosaur so vast before. His size was incredible, and Arlo was envious of it. He would never have to worry about being bullied ever again if he was as big as him. Once he had somehow managed to compose himself, the young Apatosaurous looked from Butch, to Nash, glancing quickly at Ramsey, then back to Butch again, and realized something was missing. Nash and Ramsey, unlike him, appeared to not have a mother. Realizing this for the first time, and growing more and more curious about the matter with each passing minute, even though he knew he shouldn't, he rose up on his trembling legs and cautiously crept up to Butch, knowing he was irritable and quick to anger, especially when he was disturbed from his sleep. Arlo cleared his throat. \"B-B-Butch?\" he somehow managed to stammer out the old dinosaur's name, wincing at how whiny and squeaky his voice sounded. \"A-Are you awake?\" Butch sputtered awake, swerving his enormous head around, and Arlo gasped, taking a step back, startled by how fast the boulder-like skull had whipped toward him. \"What do you want, kid?\" he asked, his deep, rumbling voice booming, and Arlo felt it vibrating deep within his chest. \"Whatever it is, it better be worth getting me up just before the crack of dawn.\" He yawned, a thundering roar escaping his gaping, teeth-filled maw and echoing across the vast, desolate landscape stretching miles around them. Arlo chuckled nervously. \"U-U-Uh, never mind,\" he said, and began to back away, starting to have seconds thoughts about this not well-thought out venture. Butch snorted. \"You might as well go ahead and tell me,\" he said, and frowned, narrowing his eyelids at him. \"I would have hated to have gotten woke up this early for nothing.\" Arlo gulped. \"Y-Y-Yeah, you're right,\" he said, and craned his lengthy neck in order to gaze up at Butch, giving him a sheepish grin. \"I wouldn't want somebody waking me up this early in the morning for no reason, either.\" He took a deep shuddering breath, gathering up what little courage he could muster, feeling a little less brave then he had just moments before, if he had even been brave at all. Buck was right. He was nothing but a worthless coward. \"Where's Nash and Ramsey's Mom?\" He looked back over at the two young dinosaurs in question to make sure they were still asleep, something telling him they didn't need to be awake for this conversation, which was the main reason why he had decided to wait to confront Butch about their mother at such an early hour in the morning. \"Don't they have one?\" Arlo didn't know what he had expected Butch's reaction to be, anger, maybe, even rage, but he certainly hadn't been expecting the one he did give him. Butch gaped at him in horror, and Arlo was shocked to see big drops of glistening tears welling up in his beady eyes, having never thought he would see such a large imposing creature as Butch cry, and it was a very strange sight to behold indeed. \"What gives you the right to ask such a question, huh, kid?\" he asked, quickly turning his head away to hide the tears from Arlo, and sniffed. \"It's none of your business.\" His massive frame shaking from the force of his sobs, he slowly bent down to pick up a nearby leaf off the ground and blew his nostrils with it, making a loud honking sound as he did. Trembling with fright, Arlo shook his head, and started to turn and walk away. \"You're right, I'm sorry,\" he said, muttering the words his breath, and stared down at the ground in guilty shame. \"I'll just go.\" He felt bad for having waking him up so early in the morning and making him cry. \"Wait!\" Surprised to hear Butch shout in protest, Arlo stopped in his tracks and turned back around to look at the old dinosour, blinking at him in bewilderment. \"What?\" he asked, puzzled, wondering what it was the old dinosaur could want. Butch closed his eyes, only to open them again seconds later. \"I'll tell you what happened to her,\" he said, and gave Arlo a stern look, narrowing his eyes at him. \"You just got to promise me you won't breathe a word to this to Ramsey or Nash, because they don't know what happened to their mother, and I don't want them to know, not yet, anyway.\" He shook a rather sharp, deadly-looking, scolding claw at him. \"I'll tell them when I think they're old enough to understand, and not until then, got that, kid?\" \"Got it,\" Arlo said, and sat back down on his haunches, thinking he might as well make himself comfortable after Butch had just scared the living daylights out of him just for asking him to tell the story. Butch rose up and sat back on his own hindquarters, causing the ground to shake as he did, wincing at some kind of pain when he fell back on his bulging legs. Arlo suspected some old wound must've been bothering him. The ancient dinosaur had been in lot of fights in the many years he had been walking on the face of the earth, and he had the scars and bruises to prove it. There was even one big nasty one running down the side of his face, trailing almost from his eye all the way down to his jawline, and it made him look even more menacing then what he already did, if that was even possible. \"Good, so listen up, because I'm only going to tell you this once,\" he said, and yawed, still half-asleep. \"You're probably never going to see me again, anyway, so I might as well go ahead and tell ya the sad tale, seeing as your here already and ya went to all the trouble to wake me up just to hear it.\" A wide, leering, toothy grin crossed his muzzle, making Arlo shiver at the sight of it. \"That took a lot of guts kid, and I actually admire you for it.\" He chuckled, sounding pleased, and Arlo relaxed, feeling all of the tension leave his body, Butch's unexpected but much welcome compliment putting him more at ease with being in the intimating dinosaur's looming, larger-than-life presence. \"I know grown adults who would've been afraid to pull off a stunt like that, and I couldn't imagine what it took for a young dinosaur like you to do it.\" He gave one of his flanks a playful nudge. \"Why, thank you,\" Arlo said, feeling proud of himself for once in his life, but he didn't get to bask in his rare, brief moment of glory for long, for Butch shattered all his hopes and dreams of ever being brave seconds afterwards. \"Just don't get cocky kid,\" Butch said, his mood quickly turning sour. \"It was a one-time thing, so don't get used to it.\" Arlo cringed from him. \"Yes, sir,\" he said, suddenly feeling very small and insignificant again. Butch really knew how to make a dinosaur feel useless. Butch gave him a playful wink, a mischievous glint in his eyes. \"Don't take it too personally kid,\" he said, shaking his head, and gave him a reassuring smile. \"It's all in good fun.\" Then, all of a sudden, his whole entire demeanor changed, and his expression turned mournful. He tilted his head up and peered up at the night sky, a sad, distant look of longing in his eyes, and was quiet for a few minutes before he looked back down at Arlo, who was quite caught off guard by the grief and pain of loss he saw in the dinosaur's weary, rheumy eyes. \"Now let's get this over with.\" Arlo nodded wordlessly, too stunned to speak. \"Long ago, long before you were born, I fell in love,\" Butch said, and Arlo couldn't help but giggle, finding it hard to believe that this brute of a dinosaur could ever love anyone. \"What's so funny?\" Butch asked, and frowned at Arlo, raising a questioning eyelid at Arlo. \"Nothing,\" Arlo said, and shook his head, trying hard to wipe the smile off of his face. \"Please, continue on with your story. I'm sorry I interrupted.\" \"You better be,\" Butch said, his voice a low menacing growl, and Arlo felt his blood run cold. Butch softened his hardened, darkened expression, which lightened. \"Just messing with ya, kid,\" he said, his voice becoming less deadly and serious, and closed his eyes in deep thought. \"Anyway, getting back to where I was…\" He muttered the words under his breath, trailing off into a low, grumbling tangent for the next few minutes, but realization soon dawned in his wise, ancient eyes. \"Ah, yes, I fell in love, but my love was taken from me, not long afterwards.\" \"What happened to her?\" Arlo asked, and suddenly became very sad, feeling bad for having laughed at Butch earlier. \"If you'll give me a minute and quit interrupting me, I'll get to that part soon,\" Butch said, barring his fangs at him, the corners of his mouth pulling back in a rather unpleasant, malevolent snarl. Arlo shivered. \"Okay,\" he said, and frantically nodded his head, eager for Butch to continue with the story. \"Remember that croc I told you about earlier?\" Butch asked, and Arlo leaned forward in anticipation, wondering where Butch was going with this story and eager to hear the rest of it. \"The one I told you gave me this scar?\" \"Yes,\" Arlo said, nodding his head in understanding. \"Well, I was kind of fibbing about that,\" Butch said, grimacing, and hung his head down in shame. \"That's just a little white lie I tell Nash and Ramsey, because I don't really want them to know the real truth of what happened, but I have my reasons, and I think they're good ones, so I hope you won't think too badly of me for keeping the truth from them.\" Arlo shook his head frantically. \"Oh, I won't,\" he said, giving Butch a reassuring smile. \"Promise.\" \"Good,\" Butch said, and Arlo was relieved to hear satisfaction in his voice \"We can get on with the story then.\" \"Yes,\" Arlo said, encouraging Butch to continue. Butch cleared his throat. \"Anyway, back to the story,\" he said, and begin an unimaginable, heartbreaking tale of love, loss and death Arlo knew he would never forget, his warm, gravel-like drawl transporting him to a different time and place, somehow, oddly enough, making him feel safe now that he felt more relaxed in his presence. \"I fell in love, and my love was taken from me.\" \"What was her name?\" Arlo asked, without thinking, unable to help himself. \"Amber,\" Butch said, looking slightly annoyed, and Arlo could tell right then and there he had irritated the old dinosaur by interrupting his story and Arlo cringed, expecting a scolding rebuke from Butch, but, thankfully, none came, and Arlo said nothing more, not wanting to press his luck with the old dinosaur. \"She was the most beautiful t-rex in the whole heard, and everyone was head over hills in love with her, including me.\" A regretful look crossed his expression, and Arlo looked up at him, curiously, wondering what had caused it. \"Unfortunately, there was another dinosaur, another t-rex much more ferocious and terrifying then I ever was or ever will be, who had his sights set on her, too, and he was willing to fight me for her.\" Butch either noticed Arlo's inquisitive look and had no desire to comment on it whatsoever, or chose to ignore it all together, Arlo couldn't tell which, but he thought it would be best not to question him on it. \"What did you do?\" Arlo asked in a breathless whisper, already cought up in the excitement of the story. \"I fought him of course,\" Butch said, chuckling, and grinned at him. \"I fought him tooth and nail, to the death, because it was a fight for survival, as well as for love.\" \"Whoa,\" Arlo said, his eyes winding in awe. \"Sounded like it was intense.\" \"It was,\" Butch sad, nodding. \"Times were tough back then, much tougher then what they are now, and if you didn't have what it took to survive back then, you didn't last long.\" Arlo gulped, knowing he would've never survived. \"What was the T-Rex's name?\" he asked, trying to change the subject a little bit. \"Everyone called him Swift Shadow, and for good reason,\" Butch said, resuming the story. \"He was said to have clawed out a dromiceiomimus' eye while it was running, and everybody knows dromiceiomimus are some of the fastest dinosaurs on the planet, but I had almost forgotten this one crucial fact, and it almost cost me my life.\" \"How did you survive?\" Arlo asked, feeling as if he had all kinds of questions to ask Butch. \"If you hold on a minute, kid, I'll tell you when we get to that part but we're not there, yet,\" Butch said, sounding very annoyed this time, and wasn't afraid to let Arlo know it. \"I'll let you know when we are, though, got it?\" Arlo nodded, wordlessly, not wanting to test Butch's already thin patience even further. \"The fight took place on a warm, peaceful summer day, on the least likely day you would expect,\" Butch said, and hearing the fondness in his voice, Arlo could tell he enjoyed telling stories just as much as Arlo enjoyed listening to them, judging by the way he got so irirated whenever he interrupted him, even though he knew this particular story had to be quite painful for him to tell. \"I was lying next to the love of my life, when he came.\" Arlo closed his eyes, able to picture the scene in his mind so clearly, Butch painted such a vivid picture with his wonderful, storytelling voice. Lying in the middle of a forest clearing, curled around a nest of eggs, the tyrannsous rex stirred awake, feeling the warmth from the humid rays extending down from the high early morning sun beaming down on his back, illuminating his lengthy, rather large body, in a light, orange glow. He could already tell it was going to be a hot day today. \"How was your night, Butch, dear?\" Butch glanced over at his side, toward the sound of the soft, pleasant voice, which belonged to the attractive, young female t-rex lying next to him. \"Good,\" he said, and smiled at her, rubbing his nuzzle against hers. \"I slept well.\" He rested his head on top of hers, and closed his eyes, sighing with great content. \"How was your night, Amber, honey?\" \"I slept just fine, honey,\" Amber said, licking his snout, and smiled at him, her bronze scales gleaming just as golden as her name under the bright sun. \"I'm glad to hear you slept well, too.\" Butch chuckled. 'Yeah, I did,\" he said, smiling back at her. \"I always sleep well, when you're by my side.\" \"I'm glad to hear that -\" Amber said, cutting off the sentence, and fell silent when a large shadow fell over them. \"She's mine.\" Butch slowly looked up at the sound of the booming baritone voice, knowing it could've only belonged to one dinosaur and one dinosaur only. \"Swift,\" he said, ruefully, recognizing the dinosaur by his black, gleaming scales. He was the only dinosaur in the heard who had been born with scales of that color, and it was another reason why everybody called him Swift Shadow. \"Haven't seen you in awhile.\" He rose to his feet, bracing himself for the fight he knew was coming, knowing Swift liked to fight. \"She isn't yours, Swift, and you know it.\" He began to circle Swift, seizing him up, daring him to make the first move. \"She chose me, fair and square, in a mating ceremony.\" \"You took her from me, and I want her back,\" Swift said, and stomped up to Butch, pressing his muzzle against his. \"Now, you know that's true,\" Amber said, glancing from Butch to Swift, then quickly back to Butch again, her eyes wide with fright. \"I fell in love with Butch, and gave him my heart on my own free will.\" \"I never believed that,\" Swift said, angry smoke rings billowing out of his nostrils. \"I think that's just a lie to tell everbody to make yourselves look good.\" He leered hungrily at Beth, and lunged at her, starting to run afyer her. \"You're mine.\" \"Run, Amber!\" Butch shouted at her, and rammed himself into, knocking him to the ground. \"Butch, no – \" Amber began to shout in protest, but Butch interrupted her. \"I said run, Amber!\" He roared out the warning this time, and ducked his head just in time to avoid a swipe from lethal claws, letting out a pained grunt when Swift barreled into his chest, sending him tumbling to the gound, which shook when he fell. \"He intends to fight me to the death for ye, and I don't want ya caught in the middle of it!\" \"Oh, Butch,\" Amber said, tears glistening in her eyes, but she could already tell Butch had his mind set on the matter and wasn't going to change it. \"Don't die, all right?\" Seeing there was going to be little she could do, and knowing she wasn't going to have much else of a choice, she turned and ran, hoping and praying Butch would be all right. Still lying on the ground, Butch helplessly watched Amber as she ran into the surrounding forest nearby and roared in pain when Swift bit into one of his flanks, tearing out a large chunk of flesh from the leg. In a desperate act of survival, Butch struggled to rise, but to no avail. Swift had pressed one of his feet on his stomach, and had him pinned down to the ground good, making it just about impossible for him to get back up to his feet. \"Amber isn't yours,\" Butch said, struggling to breathe, finding it was hard to do so with Swift's foot on his stomach. \"She isn't mine.\" With a mighty heave, he pushed himself off the ground, crying out at the excruciating pain pulling off this little stunt had caused him. \"She isn't something you can just own.\" He tried taking a couple of deep, shakey breaths, wheezing, hearing his breath ratting in his throat. \"She's her own dinosour.\" Swift swiped at him again, and this time he didn't miss, his claws catching the side of his muzzle and digging into the skin, dragging them down his mouth, reminding Butch how he had gotten his name. He felt blood fill his mouth, and knew then that the grievous wound Swift had given him was going to leave a permanent scar he was going to have for the rest of his life, a grim souvenir to remind him of this day. Blinded by the burning, searing pain he felt running down the side of his mouth, Butch felt tears well up in his eyes, and in a fit of rage swiped back at Swift, letting out a cry of triumph when his claws raked across one of his eyes, wounding him very much the same way he had the dromiceiomimus so very long ago in a beautiful twist of irony. Distracted by the unbearable pain the humiliating blow Butch had dealt him must've caused him, Swift clawed at his eye, having completely forgotten about Butch. Seeing this as an golden opportunity to escape, Butch ran, fleeing into the forest Amber had disappeared into, feeling very much like a coward, but wanting very much to get back to Amber. He had to make sure she was safe. Her safety came first. Always. After Butch had stumbled into the forest, staggering, he found a river and began to follow it, his instincts telling him if Amber was ever seriously injured, she would try to find a place where water was first, because every dinosour knew if you followed a river it would lead you back home.They were taught this almost from the day they were born, and Butch knew Amber would remember this lesson well and heed it. She would go to the place where she felt the most safe. \"Amber?\" He followed the river until it trailed off into a lake deep within the forest, practically dragging himself now, his flanks heaving and bloody, his breathing raspy. \"Amber?\" He desperately called out her name, and collapsed at the edge of the lake in a broken heap, a great lump of fear rising in his throat when he saw the shadow of the great, slightly moving, boulder-like shape lying nearby him a little further down the lake's shore, thinking he had a pretty good idea of what it was and hoping he was wrong, but somehow knowing he was right and not wanting to be. \"Amber!\" After he had somehow managed to drag himself closer to the great boulder-like shape and gotten a better look at it, Butch realized with mounting horror his suspicions were proven correct, wishing he was wrong but knowing there was no denying what he was seeing before him. He was peering down at a bloodied, unrecognizable Amber, looking around in horror at all of the arrows and spearheads lying all around her, and knew at once who was responsible for bringing such harm to his beloved Amber. Humans. Humans had did this. Humans were responsible. Humans didn't deserve to walk the earth. They should be forced to have to pay for what they had done to his beloved Amber. Butch began to sob, taking Amber's claws gently in his his, and leaned protectively over her, as if Swift would come back to take her from him at any minute, even though there was no one else around. \"Amber, my love, speak to me,\" he said, pressing his muzzle against hers, much in the same way they had did earlier, only in a more solemn way this time, knowing it would probably be the last time they would ever share such an intimate touch again. Having very title strength left, Amber titled her head slightly to look up at him, wincing at the pain even this small movement must've had caused her. \"I'm here, honey,\" she said, giving him a sad, shaky smile, her breathing coming out in fast, shallow pants. \"Not for much longer, though, I'm afraid.\" \"No, no, no,\" Butch said, beginning to sob, his voice starting to crack, and he let out a pitiful, mournful wail. \"You can't leave me, please, don't.\" \"Go back and watch the eggs for me, honey, keep them safe,\" Amber said, and said the last words she would ever speak. \"I love you.\" Then her eyes closed for everlasting eternity. His shoulders quaking from his sobs, Butch clutched Amber to his chest, resting his head against hers, feeling as if his world had been turned upside down and taken from him. \"Humans killed Amber?\" Arlo asked, realizing this could mean serious complications and consequences for his and Spot's relationship if Spot ever got older and grew up, but he knew he would, eventually, if Butch's story was true, and Arlo believed him. He had no reason to doubt him. You only had to look in his eyes and see the look of loss and woe in them when he told the story to know every bit of it was true. \"Yes, I'm afraid so,\" Butch said, and hearing an odd catch in his voice, Arlo looked up at the old dinosaur, shocked and dismayed to see tears running down Butch's muzzle. \"You see, Arlo, not all humans are like your bumbling, innocent little friend Spot over there,\" He indicated Spot with a tilt of his head, and turned back to Arlo. \"They all start out that way, sure, but they all grow up, eventually, and when they do, some of them become mean, real mean.\" Arlo looked over at Spot, fear and uncertainty crossing his face, an overwhelming sense of dread filling every inch of his being. \"But Spot won't grow up to be like that,\" he said, knowing he was in denial but not caring. \"He'll always stay bumbling…and innocent… like that\" Butch shook his head. \"You don't know that,\" he said, giving him a deadly look. \"Don't kid yourself, kid. Those humans who killed my Amber sure as heck weren't bumbling and innocent. They knew what they were doing when they killed her. They wanted her dead.\" \"No,\" Arlo said, feeling tears running his snout. \"Yes,\" Butch said, a dark shadow falling across his muzzle. \"By the time the fight was over, and I somehow managed to get back on my feet and drag myself back to her she was as good as dead.\" \"I'm sorry,\" Arlo said, able to picture Butch, broken, bloody and beaten and his torn flanks heaving, in his mind all too well, and wishing he couldn't. He shook his head to clear it, but didn't have much success. Arlo had felt as if he had been there. Butch was such a great story-teller. \"I know what it's like to lose someone close to you, and I know's it hard, but I don't think all humans are like that.\" \"Oh?\" Butch raised a questioning eyelid at him, giving him a quizzical look. \"Who did you lose kid, if you don't mind me asking?\" \"My Dad,\" Arlo said, and left it at that, not wanting to having to retale the story and go through the whole horrible ordeal again. He also didn't want to let Butch know how he had wanted blame Spot for it at first when knowing, deep down, he really felt responsible for his Father's death and blamed himself for it, not wanting to give Butch another reason to hate Spot and other humans like him. \"Ah, I'm sorry, kid,\" Butch said, and gave him a sympatric look. \"I know loosing anybody is hard, but losing your dad at an age like that, when you're still young, I bet it's even harder. I haven't had easy life, true, but I must admit, I couldn't imagine going through something like that.\" \"Yeah, it's not been an easy thing to deal with,\" Arlo said, and looked away from the old dinosaur, unable to meet him in the eye. \"I understand now why you didn't want to tell Nash and Ramsey about their Mother.\" \"No problem, kid,\" Butch said, giving Arlo a reassuring smile. \"If you can go through something like that, and come out all right, you got what it takes to survive this harsh world. Trust me, I know from experience.\" He chuckled wryly. \"I guess you're right,\" Arlo said, and without thinking, let his eyes drift over to Butch's scar, which would always serve as a constant reminder of what had happened that day and what he had lost. \"Thank you.\" He quickly looked away from Butch, hoping he hadn't noticed him staring at his scar, thinking it was rude to stare at it so blindly and that Butch wouldn't appreciate him making such a big deal about it. \"You just made me feel a whole lot better about myself.\" \"Loss is tough to deal with true, but it's a part of life all of us must go through at one point or another, and it makes you a tougher dinosaur in the end,\" Butch said, sounding as if he knew what he was talking about it, so Arlo decided to listen to his advice. \"You're going to be glad it did, too.\" \"I hope so,\" Arlo said, sighing. \"I've went through my whole life, with people calling me a failure, and it's nice to hear someone tell me I'm not for a change –\" He stopped, hearing a low growl from somewhere behind him, and swerved around toward the direction in which he heard it, already having a pretty good idea of who had made the sound. Arlo grinned when his eyes landed on Spot, kicking and scratching himself with his feet in his sleep, rolling over on his side. He was snarling, making soft little growling noise, as if he was fighting something in a dream. \"Whelp, looks like story time's over with, kid,' Butch said, realizing the same thing Arlo had. \"Yeah,\" Arlo said, chuckling, and smiled at Spot. \"I guess so.\" \"If you don't mind, kid, I think I'm going to catch a little bit more shut-eye, if I can,\" Butch said, yawning, and collapsed to the ground in complete exhaustion. \"It's only a few more hours until dawn, and I want to catch up a bit on my beauty rest before we set out again because I'm beat.\" \"Sure thing Butch,\" Arlo said, feeling a little tired himself, but couldn't but laugh at the idea of Butch needing beauty rest. \"Thank you, for everything.\" \"Don't mention it, kid,\" Butch said, before his eyelids fluttered shut, and he began to seconds later. Arlo smiled at him, and walked over to Spot, curling up next to him. \"Go back to sleep, big guy,\" he said, laughing. \"We only have a few more hours until we have to set out again, and you better get all of the sleep while you can, because you're not going to be able to get much while we're goin'.\" Spot just looked at him and grinned, licking him in the face, too young to be able to comprehend and grasp the enormity of the vast adventure they were undertaking, letting out a soft, excited yelp. \"All right, then,\" Arlo said, and rested his head on his feet, letting his eyes flutter close. \"As long as you're ready for it, I guess I'am, too!\" His eyes widened in surprise, shocked to hear himself say this, and even more shocked to realize he meant it. He might just be a brave dinosour after all! The End ","Summary":" Hello, everybody! I have something a little different for you guys today. This fic will probably co"},{"Movie":"Good Dinosaur","Title":"Never Alone","Author":"GoldGuardian2418","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12256061","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another great story from guestsurprise. :) \" The Good Dinosaur\" belongs to Disney and Pixar. Never Alone Arlo was missing his father more than ever. At one point, he burst out crying because he couldn't help but think it was all his fault. \"Papa would still be here had I not made that mistake. If I hadn't let Spot go. I know it was the right thing to do, but it cost me Papa.\" Arlo cried quietly by nearby rock. Not far away, Butch was listening to him as he stayed up to watch over them. He could feel the pain from the boy's heart and he knew Arlo was about to cry even harder. \"Now Arlo, calm down.\" He said, now walking over to him. Arlo's eyes widened in shock, not knowing that the large beast heard him. \"I-I'm fine! I'm alright!\" Arlo said sadly. \"No you're not, kid.\" \"No really, I'm fine.\" \"Now stop lyin' and lay down,\" Butch said, now walking over and nudging Arlo with his snout causing the small dinosaur to fall over on his side. Arlo squeaked in fear, not sure what the large meat-eater had in mind. \"Now I need you to be strong; your father wouldn't want you to be sad.\" He said softly. \"I know, but…hey!\" Arlo said, now being nudged over on his side again when he tried to stand. \"Stop tryin' to get up, you're hurt.\" Butch said, now examining Arlo's leg and bruises. \"I-I'm fine.\" Arlo spluttered, tears beginning again. \"Don't be upset, Arlo. When I say be strong, I mean for you to move on and to accept that it wasn't your fault.\" Butch replied, in an unusually soft voice. \"But it was my fault! If I did what Papa said…,\" \"Then Spot would've died…,\" Butch finished. Arlo stared at him and then looked away, beginning to cry even harder. Butch now laid down in front of the small dinosaur with him in between his front arms. \"Shhh, it's alright, kid.\" \"N-No, it's not! It's all my fault.\" Arlo said, now losing himself in grief. Butch continued to softly shush him and then he began to lick him, grooming his wounds. The soft gentle licks helped Arlo's crying to slowly stop. \"D-Don't cry, kid. It's alright.\" Butch whispered, now licking him a bit more and after a few minutes, he even heard Arlo giggle a bit. He then looked at him with curiosity. \"S-sorry. It tickled a bit.\" Arlo said, now looking sad again. \"Then I think I need to do more,\" he said, now licking Arlo more on his face and body. Arlo laughed as he was engulfed in the large tongue. It wasn't wet or disgusting; it was warm and inviting. \"S-Staahahahahahahhap!\" Arlo giggled. \"Why?\" \"B-Because it tickles too much,\" Arlo laughed, now feeling the large dinosaur lick him on his stomach. \"Then, I'm doing what I need to do.\" Butch smiled, bearing all of his teeth and now nibbling on the young dinosaur's feet! \"H-Hey!\" Arlo laughed, now gently pushing on his snout. After a few moments, Butch stopped and let Arlo rest in his arms. \"Don't ever feel like it was your fault, kid. You did what you needed to do and your father was proud of you then and I'm sure he is proud of you now.\" Butch replied. \"Y-You really think so?\" Arlo asked, now yawning and falling asleep. \"Yes, I know so.\" Butch replied softly. \"Thanks, Butch.\" Arlo said softly. \"Welcome, kid,\" came the soft reply as the great beast now closed his eyes and followed Arlo into dream land, not knowing that a father dinosaur was smiling at them from the heavens above. guestsurprise's words: Hope you all enjoyed it! I thought the Good Dinosaur was a sad movie and I wished there was scene like this so I decided to make one. Please leave guestsurprise a review, but no flames! Remember, I'm watching those reviews very closely. GoldGuardian2418 ","Summary":" Another great story from guestsurprise. :) \" The Good Dinosaur\" belongs to Disney and Pixar. Neve"},{"Movie":"Good Dinosaur","Title":"Human Brother","Author":"Fox Teen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11882525","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Arlo kept reflecting back from the fall from the waterfall and how he and Spot, the human critter, survived. There the two friends were now resting on a field, the warm sunset warming their bodies. Arlo looked down on Spot who was resting against him. Looking back on it all, he blamed Arlo for the tragic death of his father Henry when he released after he intruded the farm, and he and his father went on a hunt for him and an avalanche of water swept his father away. Feeling he new-found love for Spot, he started to realise that it wasn't his fault or his. The death of his father was nothing more than an accident. He then started to cry a little. Before Spot, his father was the only best friend he had. He had his wing over him ever since he was a baby and with him gone, he had only his mother Ida, his sister Libby and his horrible brother Buck. He would berate him, tease him and soon he would reunite with him. Spot woke up to the crying and saw Arlo's sad face. \"I wish we were brothers, Spot,\" sniffed Arlo. \"I don't care if you're not a dinosaur. I love you. We've been through so mud together, the snake, that word guy with all his pets, the T-Rexes, the invasion - including those weird berries. I don't know what critter you but I have been thinking of calling you a - human. It just suits you in some way. If you were my brother I could imagine all the fun times we'd have at home; watering the crops, Tag, eating berries and having a place to sleep together. I'd be your big brother and protect you. You protected me enough and you deserve to be paid back. You're more than a friend, Spot. You're a brother.\" Arlo slowly drifted off to sleep and dreamed that he was playing with Spot on the farm: Hide and Seek, starting competitions, clinging onto his leg while walking and having spot slide down his neck. It felt wonderful doing all those things for him. Arlo being the youngest wondered if the feeling was actual love for a little brother. He couldn't wait to go home and begin the new change around the farm. ","Summary":" Arlo kept reflecting back from the fall from the waterfall and how he and Spot, the human critter, "},{"Movie":"Good Dinosaur","Title":"Story ideas","Author":"OhXUnikittyandBlytheFan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11695942","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi! I decided to take requests based off The Good Dinosaur, but I was thinking about a fic where Bubbha is mistakenly a chosen one. But I was like: I think I need more ideas. Rules: No Crossover I can do shippings. You have to use my OCs for the requests: Stacie - A T Rex who is Arlo's crush Russell - A velociraptor who lives with his Uncle Gadget Goof - A guanlong good for his jokes Redmeat - Butch's mother who despises Butch's job. If you want to include your OCs, just send me the bio with the request. and Importantly, NO SEX FICS! IF YOU SEND ME A SEX FIC REQUEST, THEN YOU ARE DEAD TO ME! So, if you have a request, place them on the comments. ","Summary":" Hi! I decided to take requests based off The Good Dinosaur, but I was thinking about a fic where Bu"},{"Movie":"Good Dinosaur","Title":"Nash's Guide Home","Author":"strong man","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11953853","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first fic of the new movie The Good Dinosaur Description: I haven't seen the film but watched clips on UTube and it looks really good but I don't think I'll buy it though. It was kinda cute the way the creators designed Spot as a dog but in the end he finds his parents and whatever reason he suddenly wants like a human but I guess what's how Disney rolls. Pairings: Arlo/Nash, Arlo/Buck (Slash) Date: October 16 2015 Rated: K Arlo, Libby and Buck were doing their chores and Libby was likely teasing Buck as always, her job was to gather pumpkins but she had a brilliant idea \"Buck, wanna play a game? She said. Buck was finishing up with his tree tossing and heard his sister but knew she was trying to make him fall for her trick but it that's not going this time. \"Sorry Libby but I'm kinda busy helping my little brother\" He said before walking to see Arlo in the rounding the chickens in the chicken pen \"Alright you chickens...time to gather up\" He said chasing them but they didn't listen \"I almost had you\" He said as he tripped to the ground panting while looking up at the sky \"I miss you Papa' He said as a single tear went down his cheek. Just then, he saw a shadow hovering over his head and thought it was his dad based on his size and squinted his eyes \"Arlo? He said lowering his head to see that it wasn't what he thought. \"Buck? Arlo said lifting his head up a little. Buck chuckled before helping his younger brother up \"What're you doing here, shouldn't you be doing your chores? He said standing up. \"I'm finished with them so I thought that I should help you out\" He said putting his head back up. \"Wait, you aren't pranking me again are you? Arlo said referring to his past pranking but Buck said that he was totally done with it and apologized for it, he wanted to feel like a brother not a bully. Arlo looked at him and smiled but found himself stared at his older brother. \"Arlo, are you okay? He asked knocking him back into reality 'Sorry, I just spaced out\" He lied to him. Buck just took his word for it \"Come on, let's round up these chickens\" He said to him and they started to go at it. (0) Libby were searching for pumpkins and had to admit it was pretty easy knowing that pumpkin weigh a lot less due to her size \"Now, where are those pumpkins? She asked herself as she was looking around. Just then, she heard munching \"Hello? She asked nervous cause it sounded loud and fearful so she gulped as she approached to where the sound was coming from. Right where silo is, that's was where Libby came face to face with a Tyrannosaurus who was eating the pumpkins until he saw a Apatosaurus. (0) Arlo and Buck were all finished with their round up and it wasn't easy \"Well, that could've gone better but you did good\" Buck said smiling but he caught Arlo nuzzling his chest. \"Uhh, Arlo? He said and he pulled away. \"I'm sorry, I just got lost in your eyes\" He said having a fantasy causing Buck is become confused. Out in the distance, they heard Libby screaming \"That's Libby\" Buck said before running outside the gate, Arlo sighed in depression before catching up to him. Ida got out of the den \"That's my baby\" She said worried cause she can't afford to lose another loved one. She raced to her sons side and both ran towards their sister \"Please be alright\" Buck said wishing. Libby was laying on her side panted until her family came to her aid \"Libby, what happened? Buck asked approaching her. \"I was looking for pumpkin and I heard a Tyrannosaurus, he was eating our food' She said panting. 'Did he hurt you? Ida asked looking over her. \"No, I'll be okay\" She said getting up. Ida sighed in relief and hugged her 'I thought I lost you\" She with a single tear running down her cheek. \"I think I need to rest\" She said \"Of course, Buck...would you mind? She said as both females looked at him. Buck was now suspicious of her but he saw that she was scared \"Sure, I'll be happy to gather pumpkins' He said smiling and went off to continue where his sister left off. Ida and Libby started walking back home. \"Libby? Arlo said and she looked at him \"Do you know where that Tyrannosaurus had gone? He asked because he knows one. \"No but it was a male, I was to scared to see where he had run off to\" She said and the two females continued on. Arlo breathed before running off until he bumped into his brother causing him to fall backwards \"Arlo, where are you going? He asked fearing that he might lose him again. \"I kinda made friends with that Tyrannosaurus\" He said nervously fearing that he might have betrayed his family. \"Oh, do you know him? Buck asked forcing the younger brother to pause because throughout history, Tyrannosaurus are known to primarily eat herbivorous so they might have a bad reputation and that was a risk Arlo was not going to take. \"Yes...his name is Nash, he must've gotton separated from his family\" He explained. Buck didn't say anything but Arlo assumed he'd said that the Tyrannosaurus was gonna eat him though he didn't. Buck put his head down and hugged him \"Please be careful, it's dangerous out there\" What was he talking about, his younger brother survived all on his own \"I'm sorry but I wish you good luck\" He felt ashamed. Arlo hugged back \"Don't worry I'll be back shortly\" He said before pulling away and ran off. 'He's really growing up\" He said to himself watching him and smiled \"I'm proud of him. Well, it's no wonder it's Pixar's lowest grossing film because there wasn't much put into the storyline, it's just Arlo trying to show his family that he's not a scaredy-cat with the help of Nash, Ramsay and Butch. I'm like \"That's the best they could come up with? If you ask me, Spot was really useless like as he did was scare off a snake but his backstory was interesting and how he became feral but that drunk scene reminds me of Dumbo. ","Summary":" This is my first fic of the new movie The Good Dinosaur Description: I haven't seen the film but wa"},{"Movie":"Good Will Hunting","Title":"Good Will Hunting continued","Author":"Alethea Rhian","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3596468","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Gday Guys! I thought this was a great story so i've decided to post it. It was part an English assignment based on the movie 'Good Will Hunting'. Basically it is an extention of the story cast twenty years into the future or sumthing... lets just say time has passed and we are introduced to little Rhiannon Hunting, Will and Skylar's daughter. Enjoy!. Ch 1: The Coke Bottle and the Boss They say that, in life, you are repaid for your good deeds and punished for the bad. Karma has a funny way of coming after you in this life because of what you have done in a past incarnation, you can't escape your fate in which ever life your living. It had been twenty long years since William Hunting had seen his brothers and it will a reunion he will never forget. 'Chesterfield, Chesterfield, where the hell is Chesterfield?' 'Ah Dad? It's on the other side.' 'Where Miss Smarty Pants? Show me.' Will flipped, turned and rustled the map out of frustration; he had been staring at that thing for fifteen minutes and had had enough. 'Stop crinkling it. Just give it here.' Rhiannon snatched the map from her dad and began searching for the street; sometimes a new perspective was all you needed. 'Ummm… Ah HA! Here it is, look, right there.' she pointed to an old folk's home on the other side of town. 'Are you sure? I mean there has to be some houses in that area.' Will wasn't so keen on the idea that his older brother Morgan was in a home at his age, there had to be some houses near by. Rhiannon shrugged 'I don't now…' she edged her small body over the seat to get to the back '…you're the brains of this operation; I'm just here to tell you what to do.' She gave him one of her cheeky smiles as she laid down on her stomach to look for her drink bottle, it had rolled under the seat about an hour ago. Will smiled; Rhiannon was exactly like her mother Skylar. She had her wit, her looks and that contagious British accent. But Rhiannon had taken after her father in the intellectual department; she had inherited her father's photographic memory and was studying at two levels above the norm. In other words she was smart, extremely smart. 'So…\" She had come up for air, giving up on the drink bottle '…when's mum coming?' Skylar had stayed in California; she got a job at the university that she studied at when she first moved there. She had accepted the job of teaching Advanced Physiology but now with all the classes and lectures she had to give to help the students for their mid terms, she couldn't possibly get away early enough to go with them. So she was meeting up with them in a few days. It had been Skylar's idea to go back to Wills hometown. She had thought it would be nice idea to go back to Boston for a week or two to go and catch up with old friends and family, and to give Rhiannon and her self a break from school. Will turned around so he could see her properly 'Good question, when IS mum coming? Well you can ask her that when she gets here.' 'Why would I wait until she got here to ask her when she'd get here? That is just stupid.' Will chucked at her conclusion 'Exactly, so stop asking about it every time we pull over.' the next second a hamburger rapper hit him in the back of the head '…HEY little miss, do you want me to come back there?' he smiled at her short fuse as he went to grab her leg. Avoiding his grasp she went for the coke bottle. 'Ok, ok, truce.' Will put his hands up in surrender 'Just put the bottle down slowly and no one gets hurt.' Annoyed Rhiannon threw it in the trunk of their hatchback with a huff. 'Good, now let's go find Morgan.' He started the car and drove off from the curb.[Chapter 2] Ch 2: To Be Stuck Up 'What a grouch! I can' believe he is your brother dad. I mean he was mean and insensitive and not to mention cruel.' Rhiannon had her first taste of Morgan and she was right, the man had always been a little angry but what do you expect being a foster child and all. 'Yeah well,' Will shrugged 'maybe you'll like Chuckie a little more.' Will hoped that Chuck was still around, he didn't quite say good-bye when he left to find Skylar in California and hadn't spoken much over the years. Chuck had always stuck by Will, watching his back, looking after him and generally being Will's best mate. Chuck was a dying breed; you'll never meet another guy like him again. 'I doubt it.' Rhiannon said all in a huff. Morgan had called her a selfish little child who should stop acting all up her self. But being half delusional at the time, you can't really hold that against him. Morgan had taken a turn for the worse, being close to 50. He had developed a genetic mental illness and had to be sedated to keep him from tearing the place apart. So now he went about his time just abusing people instead of the furniture. It was a sad sight for Will but it was even worse for Rhiannon. 'Oh come on, you'll love Chuckie. I promise.' - that is if I can find him- Will thought.[Chapter 3] Ch 3: Never Start up a Tab After a bit of hunting it turned out that Chuck had found a job working at an old bar. This was great for the owner as his old age was catching up with him, and when the owner retired he gave it to Chuck as a promotion and a thank you gift. Will and Rhiannon walked in but were stopped just short of the bar, Will had turned white. 'Ah, dad?' Rhiannon asked as she poked him in the ribs. 'You ok?' He was as pale as Snow White in a snowstorm. Will shook his head to try and collect his bearings, and he chanced another look around. This was the bar where he had first met Skylar and he couldn't begin to figure out the chances that Chuck could have possibly owned this one. What were the odds in that? 'Um, yeah, I think so.' He shook his head and turned to look down at her; she really was so much like her mother that it was scary. The woman behind the bar was talking with a few of the customers; she was middle aged, plump, smoking a cigarette and supporting the biggest hair-do Rhiannon had ever seen. She acted as if she knew the customers fairly well, looking at photos of loved one's and shouting them drinks. Will guessed she's been working for Chuck a while, but he was sure that his brother was around here somewhere. 'Excuse me!' Will yelled down to the woman in hope that she could hear him over the music. 'I'm looking for a Mr. Chuck Sullivan, do you know where I can find him?' The she turned around but was hesitant at first to answer as she had never seen this bloke before. 'Who wants to know?' Will thought this was a little odd because Chuck was never in any real trouble to warrant a caution to those looking for him, but he guessed things do change with time. 'I'm his brother, Will Hunting.' 'I never thought you would show up. Old Chuck used to rant on about how his youngest brother, Will, had gone on to bigger and better things. He was extremely proud.' The woman had led them in to the back room where they could talk in private.'\"But then I thought that I would have met you as soon as you heard.' 'Right, um, as soon as I heard about what? And why do you keep talking about him in past tense?' Will was unsure about what this woman was trying to tell him and her whole demeanor seemed withheld. She went quiet but out of respect for her employer she decided to enlighten this poor guy. 'Chuck was the only casualty in the Boston bar shootings. They tore this place apart and Chuck ended up in the I.C.U. with a bullet in the back. The bullet got really close to his spinal cord, so close that they had no hope of trying to remove it. He gradually got better and they transferred him to a regular ward. A week later he took a turn for the worst.' She poured Will and her self a drink. 'He knew you'd flip your boat and go after the guys if you found out, so on his death bed he asked me to give you these when you came down to pay your respects.' The woman pulled out a bunch of letters, they were mostly old and ratty like they have been in an old draw collecting dust. 'So what you are saying is that Chuck didn't want me here when he needed me most…he just died without telling me!' In one moment Will's world came crashing down, his only family had gone to his grave without saying good-bye. His best mate left him in the dark and didn't tell him a thing, not one phone call or message. 'How can he just do this! After all we had been through and being family and all he wouldn't pick up the phone to say something!' He banged the table so hard with a full fist that even Rhiannon could hear him from the pool table out front. 'I didn't even get a letter for the funeral or the memorial service, son-of-a-!' 'Please, he meant to protect you and your new family.' She tried to get through to him as he stood up and hit a wall. 'He just didn't want to dig up any old memories that this place may have had for you.' Trying to calm him in this way wasn't having any effect as he hit the wall again so she thought a better angle may work better. 'Look I don't have enough cash to replace everything again so calm down!' Will turned to her realizing that he was out of line and didn't want to cause her any trouble. 'Now, this letter contains Chuck's last words. Do you want to read it or not?' She waved a letter in front of him as he sat down. Will was silent. His best mate and brother had betrayed him by failing to tell him of this, but he couldn't deny him his final wish. As he opened the letter he noticed the others sitting next to the jug of beer. 'What are those others?' He asked hoping that these weren't other messages from his other brothers that may have passed on. 'Oh these?' She pointed to the stack of envelopes. 'These are from a man named 'Sean Maguire' and he aint dead, if that's what you are wandering, because we still get these once every so often.' Sean Maguire, now that was a name that he hadn't heard in long while. Sean was the only person that ever took the time to try and help him, even when Will treated him like hell in the beginning. The only person who understood. 'Look I'll leave you too it, just give us a yell when your done.' She got up to leave but Will stopped her. \"Um, would you mind…?' She put her hand up and smiled 'I'll keep an eye on your little one.' She left with out a further word.[Chapter 4] Ch 4: All things Come in Three's Will didn't know how long he'd been sitting there thinking. Just thinking. Mainly about how Chuck felt extremely proud of himself at the time he wrote the letter, to be able to die trying to save his beloved bar and that he will miss all the good times they both had together. Will knew that Chuck won't be too far away and that he can't wait until they next meet. Sean, on the other hand, had seen the world through the eyes of a blind man; he had committed every smell and taste to memory, apparently. Sean had taken on his challenge to Will and had smelt the Sistine Chapel to prove his ever-lasting point to 'live and not just exist in the world'. Will, well he was able to over-come his fear of being loved to having two of the most beautiful creatures in the world by his side. A loving wife and daughter. A life that he can be proud of and one of the greatest families any one could ever ask for. Three men Three dreams Three fulfilled lives. 'You know your eyes really can't pull off the 'blood shot look' very well.' A voice spoke from the shadows and yet it sounded familiar. This voice resounded in his brain but Will couldn't fathom how the person this voice belonged to could possibly be there with him, by his side. This voice was one of comfort and understanding; it filled him with a sense of reassurance and belonging, but most of all he was happy of the fact that he wasn't alone. ","Summary":" Gday Guys! I thought this was a great story so i've decided to post it. It was part an English assi"},{"Movie":"Ring, 2002","Title":"I Watched a Tape in Seattle","Author":"LostSilver9859","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13076326","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I watched a tape in Seattle To show Samara I was brave. And when the playback has stopped, my countdown went on, But f*ck it, I'm no longer afraid. I'm living now in Surgut. I fly a copter just to prove I'm a real big baller, cause I made a million dollars And I spend it on drones and books. But you don't wanna take a risk like me, Never really knowing why like me, You don't ever wanna break outta your comfort zone and be all free. You don't wanna research all this, Never really knowing why all this, You don't wanna feel all her life-long pain saying, Feel her life-long pain saying: \"All I know are naked facts, naked facts. C'mon, all I know Are naked facts, naked facts\" I'm just a vlogger Who already blew his shot. I get along with old-timers, Cause my name's a reminder Of a creepypasta people forgot. I can't keep a fan base. Cause as soon as my time runs out I stream in 4K my dive into the well. But the truth is I can't open up. But you don't wanna take a risk like me, Never really knowing why like me, You don't ever wanna break outta your comfort zone and be all free. You don't wanna research all this, Never really knowing why all this, You don't wanna feel all her life-long pain saying, Feel her life-long pain saying: \"All I know are naked facts, naked facts. C'mon, all I know Are naked facts, naked facts\" ","Summary":" I watched a tape in Seattle To show Samara I was brave. And when the playback has stopped, my count"},{"Movie":"Ring, 2002","Title":"Samara continues","Author":"pll A","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10223391","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first story. I had to write it for school and I thought that it would be a good start. I learned my English by watching tv, so it won't be that good. The story is based on 2 scenes from the movie, but I didn't saw the hole movie and I didn't do any research on the charactures, so it will most likely not fit the movie. Colin's POV \"Hey, Colin, pass me the ball!\": Jason calls. I suddenly wake up, realising I'm in the middle of a football game. It has been a lot of fun, don't get me wrong, but I'm just tired. It's already 10 PM so we are playing for 4 hours on end. I realise it's time to go. I say goodbye to the guys, take my bike and cycle home. As I'm putting my bike in the garage, I feel dizzy, but just for an instant. After about 30 seconds it's gone. Il will be from all the sport today. As I'm walking towards the hall, something shiny catches my gaze. I walk to the mirror, but I don't see anything remarkable. I guess I must have imagined it. It happens yet another time. When I look into the mirror I see a sort of white slime on my shoulders, but I can't see it when I look directly. When I look back in the mirror, It's gone. It seems to me I'm forgetting all sorts of things lately. Things about myself, about who I am. Not really big things, but that I hate to eat jam for instance. Samara's POV He's definitely getting confused. When I first saw him, I thought he was a stronger person than the previous one. Oh, he seemed so great, that first day, when I saw him playing football with a bunch of other guys. I knew instantly he was perfect for the job. It had been to long since I had stuck. I thought Noah would be the last one. Oh boy, what was he scared. He became obsessed with photography, just to try to safe himself by knowing where I was. But that didn't help him at all. Now Colin seemed to be different. He was young, lively and full of joy. He will surely add many days to my life. It was such a thrill to follow him home. When I first got into his brain, I was afraid he would notice it, but just like all the other times, I was safe. I've collected a couple nice memories of him. At this point, I'm filling in the blanks with wrong memories, so he won't notice. There's something strange going on. He seems to be afraid of his mirror image. But I don't think I have to worry about that. I probably just took away a memory of him looking in the mirror, and now he doesn't remember himself that well. The moment is coming closer, I can feel it. I'm getting stronger and I have almost all control over his body. That's way he doesn't play football anymore. I don't like to waste my time on sport. I just have to take a bit more control over his thoughts. If I do that, the next step will be very easy. Colin's POV I see myself now almost always full off slime. I don't know what it is, and I don't want to know. Some things are just too crazy, even for me. It seems to me like no one notices any difference, though I don't feel myself at all. I'm really exhausted from all that thinking. I gave up looking in the mirror a month ago, but that doesn't keep me from seeing it and feeling really bad. I truly hope I can sleep well for ones. I want to be myself for a moment, even if it's just while I'm sleeping. My alarm goes and I slowly wake up. To say I didn't dream very nice would be an understatement. Though the only thing I can remember is white slime, and a person with long black hair black hair before her face. It was the most creepy creature I had ever seen. That I open my eyes, I see her standing in front of me, like 5 inches away. She's even creepier than in my dream. Then she says: \"Hello, it's time!\". ","Summary":" This is my first story. I had to write it for school and I thought that it would be a good start. I"},{"Movie":"Ring, 2002","Title":"Hugs","Author":"Garuda1178","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12411434","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: So, one day I was dicking around on the interwebs when this preview for the new rings movie. Next thing I know, my wall explodes and my muse is standing there with this crazy look in her eyes and her hair in disarray and she screams I HAVE AN IDEA. She has since spent the last day or two following me around and bashing me over the head with a massive toy mallet that she pulled from ABSOLUTLY FUCKING NOWHERE, trying to get to put this story to paper so here it is. Maybe the psycho-bitch will leave me alone for a bit and help me with my other stories when this is over. It was a rather plain Monday to be honest, other than it sucking major balls simply because it's Monday. If someone tells you that they love Mondays they are traitors to humanity, or body-snatchers; don't let them convince you otherwise. Anyway, it was a rather plain day, people went to work, then either went home or to the bar or…other places. Let's follow one of these people for a moment. He was tall, about 6'2\", with broad shoulders and a strong face with a five o'clock shadow. His dark hair swayed in the soft breeze before calming, and falling to just below his jawline, while his emerald eyes gazed about almost disinterestedly. The man's hoodie was a combination of red and black tribal designs on a grey background while his black pants had red tribal designs and his sneakers were plain black with red shoelaces. James sighed, 'Another day, another dollar in the hole.' he thought. He looked up at the sky and watched as the clouds seemed to lazily float across the vast blue expanse. His phone going off broke him from his reverie as it went off. Checking the caller ID and recognizing the name he answered with \"City morgue, you stab'em we'll slab'em.\" A bark of laughter met his rather flippant words as a voice tinged with amusement spoke. \"You know, one of these days someone ridiculously important is going to call you and you're going to scare them off or piss them off enough that they're going to put a hit out for you.\" the voice said. James' lips pulled into a slight smirk. \"You know as well as I do that there is no way nor any reason for anyone that important would ever call me.\" he said. There was more laughter from over the line and James chuckled along. After a moment, the chuckling died down and there was a silence for a time. \"So, what did you need Ben?\" James asked. He heard Ben sigh over the connection and decided that he wasn't going to like what he was going to say. \"I need you to come in over the weekend for the next few weeks.\" he said. Well, what do you know? He really didn't like what he had said. James sighed explosively \"Any particular reason why?\" he asked with some heat behind the question. There was another sigh over the phone. \"David was found dead in his apartment.\" Ben answered. James raised an eyebrow at that. \"David? Really? Someone went out of their way to kill David?\" he asked. \"They don't really know, like I said they found him and he had this look of abject terror on his face. But beyond that they couldn't find anything to point to a cause of death. His heart just seemed to have stopped beating.\" Ben explained. James snorted \"Maybe he was scared to death.\" he extrapolated. He heard Ben snort \"It's not polite to talk about the dead like that.\" Ben said. \"On the other hand, that looks like what most likely happened. With his health problems, it wouldn't surprise me that he was so startled that his heart gave out.\" he continued. 'Yeah, health problems.' thought James. David was, in essence, a fat fuck. With his abysmal eating habits and morbidly obese body it was a wonder that his heart hadn't given out much earlier. \"Anyway, like I said I need you to come in extra hours for a while. Just until I can find a replacement for David.\" Ben said. James sighed again \"Yeah, yeah, I got you. I better be getting paid for all this extra work I'll be putting in.\" he said. \"So now you're calling me a cheat?\" Ben asked in deadpan. \"You know what I'm talking about man.\" James replied. \"Whatever, you'll get paid don't you worry your pretty little head about that.\" Ben said. James ended the call after that and looked back up to the sky. He sighed 'Better get home, need to eat then hit the hay. Going to be a long few weeks.' he thought as he started walking home. After a half-hour, James unlocked the door to his apartment and threw his keys on his kitchen table. He kicked his shoes off and started to rummage through his kitchen looking for ingredients. Finding what he wanted he set about making dinner for himself while he put the radio on in the background. Humming to a song that was playing he finished cooking and set his table, dished up his food and ate silently as the music continued playing. Finishing, he loaded his fridge with the left overs washed the dishes then looked around his apartment thinking. He tilted his head to the side 'Haven't checked my email in a while.' he thought. Mind made up he plopped down in his chair in front of his computer and powered it on. Opening his browser, he opened his email and after looking through the various emails began deleting them in mass. After deleting the vast majority of emails, he came upon one that was from an unknown sender. Knowing that he shouldn't but with overwhelming curiosity he opened the email. It was empty other than a video, which by itself wasn't too strange though the lack of title or caption was a bit odd. Still feeling the burning curiosity, James clicked the play button on the video and settled in to watch. The video was beyond weird, there was a ring of light, what looked like the wake of a ship and other weird shit. When it finished, James really couldn't wrap his head around what he had just seen. He was startled when his phone started going off. Standing, he walked over and grabbed his phone. Checking the caller ID, which said unknown, he hit the accept button and put it up against his ear. \"Hello?\" he asked. For a moment, there was nothing from the other side except the sound of breathing then \" SeVeN DaYs. \" a dark voice spoke then cut out to the dial tone. James just stared at his phone for a moment then spoke \"Ok see you then.\" he said. He put his phone down, stripped, took a shower put on some sweat pants then flopped down onto his bed, falling asleep in no time. {One Week Later} After forgetting about the strange video and call, James went about his work as he usually did. Of course, putting in even more hours left him dead tired at the end of each day, leaving him to collapse on his bed each night dead to the world, some days he didn't even make it to his bed and crashed on his couch. On one such night, James was dead to the world on his couch when his TV turned on to show static. After a moment, the static cleared to show a well in a field, then an arm appeared and pulled a body out of the well and started making its way towards the TV screen. Eventually the body made its way to the TV screen and pushed itself through. She was…confused, at this point the people in the room where she appeared would have screamed in terror and tried to escape. Except the room, she entered only had one occupant and he was sleeping on a couch facing away from the TV. This had never happened before, she was at a complete loss as to what to do. They always try to escape and she eventually catches them then kills them. This was the first time that the person she was going to kill was asleep and wasn't screaming and trying to get away. At a complete loss, as to what to do she did the only thing that she could think of, she started to shake him and get him to wake up. For a moment, nothing happened then as she continued to shake him James slowly came out of his slumber and rolled over to look into the bright blue eyes of a girl. He yelped and rolled over the back of his couch with a loud thud. The girl, figuring that things were back on track, stood from her crouched position and was going to start walking forward when James popped back up from behind the couch. \"The fuck… how the hell did you get in my apartment!?\" he shouted. The girl was taken aback, that…had never happened before. They were usually trying to run screaming at this point not asking her how she got in their houses. While she stood there in a shocked stupor James looked her up and down and noticed she was drenched, dripping water onto the floor. 'Odd, I don't think I saw anything that said there was going to be rain tonight.' he thought. He sighed, 'I don't have time for this.' he thought. Standing from behind the couch he motioned to the girl. \"Come on.\" he said. She tilted her head in confusion at him and he sighed. \"You're soaking wet, and probably frozen to the bone. Let's get you out of that and into something dry. Probably going to need a shower as well.\" he explained. James left her standing in his living room as he went to the bathroom to start the shower and grab a towel. Going back to his living room, he found the girl who couldn't be any older than 12 still standing in the middle of his living room dripping water all over the floor. James sighed again as he wrapped the towel around the girl. Samara jerked as the fluffy towel was wrapped around her. She looked up into the emerald gaze of the man she had come to kill. James felt her jerk and wasn't really surprised, she looked like she had spent the last few years out on the streets away from human contact. He put his hands on her shoulders and slowly maneuvered her towards the bathroom. Opening the door steam came pouring out in a gigantic wave. James pulled the towel off the girl and pointed towards the tub. \"There's plenty of hot water and lots of soap. Take all the time you need.\" he said as he left the bathroom and closed the door. A half hour later James knocked on the door \"I don't have any girl's clothes so you'll have to make due with one of my shirts and a pair of shorts.\" he called out. Not hearing anything from the other side of the door that could be considered a response he slowly opened the door and peeked inside. The girl was still standing in the middle of his bathroom, the small puddle of water under her feet giving away that she hadn't moved from the spot since he left her a half hour ago, he sighed getting the girls attention as she turned to look at him. James entered the bathroom and pulled the plug on the tub letting the cold water drain, then turned the water on again and set it to relatively warm. Once the temperature was set, he plugged the drain again then turned towards the girl again. She looked at him weirdly for a moment before he sighed again, \"I'm going to have to bath you, aren't I?\" he asked rhetorically. Samara said nothing as she gazed at this strange man before her utterly perplexed. She had come to kill him yet he showed no fear of her, every other person man, woman, child that she had come for had shown some form of fear and yet this man showed none of it. She watched him approach and reach for her. She didn't flinch like she had last time though it was a very near thing. Samara looked up into his eyes as he cleared his throat \"I'm going to pull your wet clothes off you then help you into the tub. After that you'll get a thorough cleaning then we'll get you dressed and some food into you. Then bed, we can figure out the rest in the morning.\" he said. She didn't react as James walked over and knelt to her eye level. \"Arms up.\" he said. Samara tilted her head but did as instructed and raised her arms above her head. James then grabbed the bottom of the tattered dress she was wearing and lifted it up and off the girl's small frame. Once she was properly undressed he lead her over to the bath and lifted her into the warm water. Samara jerked when her skin met the water but after submerging her lower half and allowing the heat of the water to seep into her body she almost immediately relaxed into the water's warm embrace. Allowing her to soak in the tub for a moment, James grabbed a luffa, lathered it in soap, and began wiping her body down. Having no memory of something like this happening in her life, Samara closed her eyes in pleasure and started making a slight rumbling in her throat. James paused for a second before continuing washing the girl desperately trying to hold his laughter inside. 'She's like a cat, with all that purring and shit.' he thought in amusement. Shaking his head in amusement he used the water to rinse the suds from her body before grabbing a bottle of shampoo and massaging it into her scalp. If Samara thought his previous actions were pleasurable, then what he was doing now was pure heaven. The rumbling in her throat grew louder and she actually pushed her head back into James' fingers. He couldn't hold in the laughter this time though he was able to cut it down to a soft chuckle. The girl either didn't hear or didn't care as she just kept purring and leaning into his hands. Getting a small whine when he pulled his fingers back to begin rinsing her again he chuckled again and just shook his head. Pulling the plug on the drain he stood her up and lifted her out of the tub and stood her before him. Now that she was clean and after such a warm bath some color was starting to come back to her skin. Before, it was an almost unhealthy borderline dead grey, but now it was a slightly healthier pink. Nodding, he grabbed the fluffiest towel he had, which was his of course, and began drying her off. Samara squirmed as the towel slid over her sensitive skin but didn't move much. With her now dry and the towel wrapped around her body James leaned down and looked into her eyes and a warm smile broke over his face \"So there is a pretty girl under all that.\" he said. Samara blushed heavily and ducked her head, hiding her face behind her long black hair. James then stood and held up the shirt and the shorts. \"Let's get you dressed then we'll get some food into you.\" he said. The girl just did nothing except nod and let the towel pool at her feet. After helping her into the shirt and shorts James had her follow him into the dining room and sit down in one of the chairs. Now in the kitchen James realized that he hadn't gone grocery shopping in a while and his cupboards were rather barren. Still, he had promised food so he was going to deliver with whatever he could find. Opening the fridge, he almost let out a whoop of joy in finding some eggs and bacon. 'Yes, these will do nicely.' he thought. Fifteen minutes later, and the smell of cooked bacon wafted through the house, making Samara's stomach rumble. James soon walked through the arch separating the kitchen and the dining room with two plates of bacon and eggs. Setting a plate in front of the girl he realized that he had no idea what her name was. Facepalming, he thought back and in a rush of dirty humor, realized that he had gone about it in entirely the wrong order, name, dinner, then naked bathing together. Setting his plate on the table he looked over to the girl \"So I realize this is terribly rude how I've gone about this but, what's your name?\" he asked. Samara started, looking away from her plate of food and looked back at the man on the other side of the table. They stayed like that for a moment before she opened her mouth \"S…S…Sa…Samara.\" she rasped out. Making a mental note to get her to drink lots of water and to slowly work her up to full sentences James nodded. \"A pretty name for a pretty girl.\" he said. Samara blushed again and ducked behind her hair. \"Well you gave me yours so my name's James.' he continued. They lapsed into a comfortable silence as the clink of silverware on ceramic echoed outward. Looking up he noticed that Samara hadn't touched her food at all. \"Is something wrong?\" he asked. She said nothing just continued to stare at her plate. Frowning for a moment, a devious idea popped in his head and he grinned before grabbing her plate and her fork. Samara looked up startled before a fork full of eggs was shoved before her face. Her gaze shifted from the fork to James and back again before her mouth opened. After feeding her, which was a novel experience, he put the dishes in the sink and entered the living room where he had told Samara to sit on the couch. With a full belly for the first time in a long-time Samara felt happy for the first time in her memory, well that and tired. She turned and a small smile broke across her face when she caught sight of James. Seeing the smile James smiled back then fully entered the living room. \"Alright you little munchkin let's get you to bed.\" he lifted her in a princess carry and walked toward his bedroom. Laying her down in his bed, he tucked her in \"You'll sleep here tonight, tomorrow I'll work on getting you your own bed.\" he said. Samara could feel herself starting to fall asleep and when he was sure she was actually asleep James sighed before leaving his room and going back to the couch. Laying down he quickly fell asleep, surrendering his body to Morpheus and his realm of dreams. Samara woke sometime later and couldn't get back to sleep no matter how she tossed or turned. Finally giving up she crawled out of the bed and walked back towards the living room. Seeing James asleep on the couch she walked over and lightly poked him a few times. Groggily, James opened his eyes and spied Samara looking at him. Slightly confused for a moment before he watched her eyes shift from his to his body lying on the couch. Sighing he lifted his blanket and left it as an open invitation. Samara, realizing that he was giving permission crawled onto the couch and into James' arms. Letting the blanket fall back down and wrapping his arm around Samara's petit body and pulling her closer he felt her snuggle into him. Just before he fell back asleep he thought he heard a slight whisper from Samara. As Samara snuggled into James' warmth she felt far more content than she could ever remember feeling in her life. Just before she fell asleep she let out a small murmur. \"Daddy.\" Author's Note: There it's done, are you going to leave me alone now. Turning to look at my muse as she lays reclined smoking a cigarette with her hair and clothes in total disarray as though she had just had the best sex in her life. So, any way like I said in the beginning this story kinda just hit me over the head one day and well here it is. At the moment, I have no plans to make this anything other than the one-shot it is. Though I may be persuaded to make it into a full story if enough people ask me to. In regards to my other stories. A couple of them are still hard-copies and I want to get those transcribed over to digital first. So, expect updates for Sins of the Father and Insanity Ensues before the others get updates. I'll see ya'll on the other side. Deuces! ","Summary":" Author's Note: So, one day I was dicking around on the interwebs when this preview for the new ring"},{"Movie":"Ring, 2002","Title":"The Ring Poem","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13038716","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Ring Poem Don't count your chickens before they hatch Because the minute you see me Your a cat with two lives missing So you better make everyday count And then you'll never see the light of day again ","Summary":" The Ring Poem Don't count your chickens before they hatch Because the minute you see me Your a cat "},{"Movie":"Ring, 2002","Title":"Eye to Eye","Author":"Piercerofshadows","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12587597","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Eye to Eye ","Summary":" Eye to Eye"},{"Movie":"Ring, 2002","Title":"Everyone Will Suffer","Author":"K. A. Oceana","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9978598","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Everyone Will Suffer This is my fan fiction for The Ring , based on Samara Morgan's time in the well. It will cover her getting pushed in and the week she spent there. It is a one-shot story and will most likely not be expanded, though I may be persuaded otherwise in the future. Author's note: This is my entry for the Secret Santa competition in The Council (a forum). Happy Christmas, Kaiser Drake Yagami. \"All around, the world is spinning. When it stops, it's only just beginning.\" That's what I sang when I stood by the well that day. I was only eight years old and already everything had gone wrong in my life. So there I was, by the well, singing. My voice echoed off the walls of the well. I liked the sound it made. But I didn't like the well. It scared me. I was always scared of falling in. When I was younger, I was sure that someone would catch me if I fell. Now, I wasn't so sure. It had all started when Mommy started seeing the same things that I saw. They were terrifying visions, almost like nightmares that I had when I was awake. I don't know how she saw them. It was weird. But anyway, we were both put in a mental hospital. I had to stay in a white room, all by myself. There was a little camera there that seemed to watch my every move. Sometimes, when I was bored, I'd look at it. I didn't like it. It made me feel even more trapped. Then some doctors would try to talk to me. I didn't like that either. I still remember a conversation I had with one of them… \" Let's talk about the pictures, Samara.\" He was talking about the strange pictures, supposedly drawn by me. But I hadn't drawn them. I'd just seen them in the visions. Then, they… appeared on the paper. It was as if someone or something was controlling me like a puppet, making me draw them. \" How did you make them?\" When I didn't answer, he tried again. \"Samara? How did you make these pictures?\" I knew that I had to answer. Otherwise, he'd never stop talking. I just decided to tell the truth. \" I don't make them. I see them. And then… they are.\" \" Samara.\" He sounded stern. \"I need you to start telling the truth, OK?\" I was angry. I was telling the truth. Why didn't he believe me? No one believed me. Except for one person… \" Can I see my mommy?\" I asked. She would believe me. She would know I was telling the truth. \" No, Samara. Not until we understand what's up with you.\" He was really starting to annoy me. There was nothing 'up' with me! It wasn't like I was doing it on purpose. But just like all the other doctors, he thought I was sick or something. And I wasn't . \" I love my mommy,\" I said. \" Yes, you do. And you don't want to hurt her anymore, do you?\" Of course I didn't. I didn't want to hurt her at all. It just happened. \" But I do. And I'm sorry,\" I said truthfully. I paused a little before I spoke again. \"It won't stop.\" \" Well, that's why you're here. So that I can help you to make it stop,\" he said. He didn't sound like he cared. He sounded so bored, like he didn't want to be there. That made two of us. I didn't want to be there. I wanted to be with my mommy. \" He's going to leave me here,\" I said, without really thinking. \" Who?\" \" Daddy.\" \" They just want to help you.\" He was lying. Daddy never liked me, and now he hated me. \" Not Daddy,\" I insisted. \" Your daddy loves you,\" he said. He was lying again. \" Daddy loves the horses. He wants me to go away. But he doesn't know…\" I trailed off. There was no point trying to explain. He wouldn't understand. \" He doesn't know what, Samara?\" I still didn't answer. And this time, I was going to stay silent. \"Samara?\" I never said anything. They eventually brought me to my room. The doctor never knew. I never spoke at that place again. Now I was by the well. Singing. Hoping that, someday, things would be better. The horses were gone. They'd killed themselves. I knew that Daddy blamed me. And maybe Mommy did too. I didn't know. I heard footsteps behind me. I feel scared, like something really awful is going to happen. I've been having it for a while now, especially when I saw the visions. I never slept much. But when the nightmares started happening, I never slept. But I still saw the images. I tried to block out the feeling. \"Isn't it a beautiful day, Samara?\" It was only Mommy. I tried to relax. She'd never hurt me, would she? \"I know things will get better,\" she said, walking closer to me. I hoped that they would. I didn't like the situation I was in then. Suddenly, something was pulled over my head. I couldn't see. I struggled, but it didn't help. It only took me a few seconds to realise what was happening. She had pulled the trash bag over my head. She was trying to kill me! \"All I ever wanted was you,\" she whispered. Then why was she hurting me? But she wasn't done. I felt her pushing me. No. Not the well. Anywhere but the well. I always thought she'd save me if I did fall in. I was falling. Falling, falling, falling. And then I hit the bottom. I looked up, panicking. She was covering the well, making sure that I couldn't escape. The light was slowly disappearing. When it was covered, there was a circle of light shining through. A ring. I spent seven days in that well. I tried many times to escape. I tried climbing up when Mommy had gone away. I started climbing up, holding onto the bricks. But I fell. And when I did, I looked at my finger. My nail had been ripped off. By the third day, all of my nails were gone. I couldn't escape. I felt anger at everyone. Everyone. I was angry at Daddy for locking me up in the barn. I was angry at the horses for killing themselves and making Mommy blame me. I was angry at Mommy for pushing me into the well. I was angry at the world. No one was suffering like I was. They were all happy. But I wasn't. On the fourth day, I saw something terrifying. It was Mommy, walking to the edge of the cliff. She'd always told me to be careful. If anyone fell, they'd die. She stopped at the edge. Leaned forward. And fell. She died. She killed herself. Now she was dead. And here I was, rotting away in the well. I still never slept. But, like always, I saw the strange, nightmarish visions. They were more like memories this time. There was the tree that looked like it was on fire. The chair, where I sat in the hospital. Mommy, brushing her hair and then me, bringing the mirror across the hall. The dead horses. On the seventh day, I was almost too weak to do anything. That was the day I died. But I lived on. And I was stronger. I made a promise. They'd all feel pain for seven days, like I did. And at the end of those seven days, they'd die. Everyone would feel my pain. Everyone would go through what I went through. Everyone would suffer. That is my fan fiction. I hope everyone liked it. Any reviews are more than welcome. Thanks for reading! ","Summary":" Everyone Will Suffer This is my fan fiction for The Ring , based on Samara Morgan's time in the wel"},{"Movie":"Ring, 2002","Title":"7 Days YeahOkayMy Version Of The Ring","Author":"omgitskeke","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7301718","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 7 Days?Yeah, Okay(My Version Of The Ring) ****Start 'Movie'**** Olivia:Hey, you guys, after school, do you wanna come to my crib and see some movies? Alana:Yeah, why not?You comin Kwa? Kwanique:Yurr, u Shamir, Kevin, Jarrett? All Three:No shit. Olivia:Okay then! ~~~F.F At Olivia's House~~~ Olivia was looking thru her movies. Kwanique and Alana were making out in the bathroom, Kevin was on Olivia's PC on facebook, and Jarrett was just looking at Olivia.=She turned and met his eyes and she blushed and looked back to the movies. Olivia:Okay, lets see...Resident Evil..naw...Wrong Turn...nope...Wolf Cry...bullcrap...House of Wax...crap...Barney's Fun Adventures...that ain't mine...Oh!Here's a blank video..uhhh...wanna see what that is? Everyone else:whatever Shamir:Please let it be porno! Olivia:*punches Shamir in the arm playfully*Shaddup! Olivia puts the videotape in the VCR and presses play. They see some weird images, a woman combing her hair, some ladder, a tree that looks on fire, a chair, and a woman committing suicide. Everyone just watched the tv like O.O and Alana and Kwanique look at each other and start making out. The tape stops, and Olivia looks at everyone. Olivia:I ain't neva buyinn' sum shit from blockbuster again yo, bunk that shit... Shamir:What the hell was that? Kevin:I'ma put that shit on facebook! Olivia:*rolls eyes*No more pc for you- Shes interuptd by the song 'Blend 9' By DjTuck and Swift begin to play from her room Olivia runs to her room and grabs her phone and comes back to the living room. Olivia:666?Is that even a f***** number? Jarrett:Oh shit its the devil! Olivia:Wow...well, I'll answer it, he obivously alerted me...so- Olivia presses the walkie-talkie button. Olivia:Yo, whos this? Person:*in whisper voice* 7 Days Olivia:*presses button again* 7 days till what?Some gay test?Uhh...my fat ass cat is going to lose weight in 7 days? Person:No, your going to die in 7 days...you and your friends. Shamir:Yo, who the hell is this?U obivously some fuckin crackhead so leave her alone. Kevin:Yeah, leave her and us alone, I'd doubt you want to get shot worse than 50, so fallback and go to hell Alana:Yeah, right Kwa? Kwanique:Mayn, you probrably look like some Rick James wanna be motha flunka why don't you come see us huh?Punk ass come and see us or are you scared?I wish you would come to the ghetto you'll get shot so many times you won't even be able to see your body, just the outline of the shit Jarrett:Don't mess with my girl bitch or I'll go fuckin Rocky on yo ass, If u touch her, you'll be in your fuckin grave, so kiss our asses! Olivia:Yup, now I want u to come the tha Projects, where I live...ha! I want u to come to Alabama projects, where Alana lives!I'll feel bad for you. Person:You guys are definately going to die now...see you in 7 days, HOE! Olivia:Oh hell no*she tries to bleep him/her back, but it says*Invalid Walkie Talkie Number*What the? Kevin:Oh well, maybe it was some guy messin wit us... Alana:I hope so... 6 Days Later, at Jarret's House! Olivia:Well, today's the day we all die... Jarrett:Yup, who wants pizza? ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Everyone was eating pizza , and the tv cut on by itself. Jarrett:It works?I thought it wouldn't after the gun shot a few days ago... Some well appears and a girl with her hair covering her face crawls out. She walks with her arms facing forward, like a zombie, and Olivia starts to eat her pizza agian. Kevin:I guess its the daily news...some dumb ass girl fell down the well, but I guess she crawled out, and her parents don't want her anymore cuz she looks like she's half-dead...oh-well, shit happens. Olivia:Damn right. Kwanique:I wouldn't want her either, I'll shit on myself if she came near me.. Suddenly, the girl comes out of the tv. Olivia:Oh, so this is the person that is suppodesly killing us, huh?*Grabs a Dictionary* I'ma knock come knowledge into this bitch. Jarrett:Naw, I have an idea..*leaves and comes back with a sledgehammer* Olivia:How'd you get that? Jarrett:I never reveal my sources..*hits the girl and she flys into the wall* Kevin:Yo, I have an idea! *************************** The girl in hangin off of the ceiling, like a piniata(Sp?) Olivia:*grabs sledgehammer and hits gurl* Shamir:*does same as Olivia* Kevin:*hits with the pot* Jarrett:*cuts the girl down, and puts her in front of the TV. Alana:Peace out girl! Jarrett:*hits the girl with the sledgehammer really hard and she gets sent flying into the tv, and lands into the well, and water splashes up. The tv goes black and Jarrett smirks*Well, lets finish our pizza, eh? Olivia:*smiles to him*Jarrett.. Jarrett:Yeah? Olivia:Thanks, and heres my saying of thank you*She kisses him, and he kisses back* Shamir and Kevin:Awwww...Lets put that on facebook! Kwanique and Alana just stand there, watching Olivia and Jarrett kiss, and Kevin say what just happened on facebook. They smile and begin to kiss themselves. ~~The End~~ ","Summary":" 7 Days?Yeah, Okay(My Version Of The Ring) ****Start 'Movie'**** Olivia:Hey, you guys, after school,"},{"Movie":"Ring, 2002","Title":"Mommy's Girl","Author":"Cat Steven","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12282021","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I have not seen the movie so please don't mind if I got anything wrong/inaccurate or something like that. Because of me not seeing the movie I had to rely on Wiki and my own personal knowledge :(. Anyways, enjoy and leave a review in the comments. PLEASE NOTE that this is darker than the usual things I write. I love my mommy. Those words rang in my head as I sank to the bottom of the well. I miss my real mommy. When I was born, I wouldn't cry. By either using my powers or Mommy sensing what I was saying, I told Mommy a demon was born inside of me and that the only way to rid of it was to drown me in a pond outside. I knew Mommy loved me. She wanted to save me from the demon. However, when she was drowning me a nun spotted her and led a group of them to stop her. I was put up for adoption, and I guess someone went to help her. My adoptive family, the Morgans (who I adress like my real mommy and daddy) never loved me. I have grown up to be neglected by them. I am scared to say I lacked any proper parental figures in all eight years of my life. Once I was adopted, I unintentionally frightened Mommy and Daddy. I was taken to the Eola County Psychiatrist Hospital for treatment. Doctor Scott, my psychiatrist, interviewed me. Here's how it went. When I was taken to a blank room, I was getting filmed and interviewed by Dr. Scott. After stating some random stuff, he began the interview. \"So, what is it that's been keeping you awake? You must sleep sometime.\" No answer. \"Do you dream about something?\" I stared at the floor, thinking, paying no attention. \"Samara?\" I didn't answer his previous questions. \"Let's talk about the pictures,\" he said, flipping through some of them I had burned onto paper. \"How did you make them?\" I didn't reply yet. I was trying to think of a good response. \"Samara? How did you make these pictures?\" I thought of a good response. \" I don't. Make them. I see them. And then...they just... are . \" \"Samara? I need you to start telling me the truth, okay?\" I was telling the truth. \"Can I see my mommy?\" I asked. \"No, Samara, not until we understand what's wrong with you.\" \"I love my mommy.\" \"Yes, you do. But you don't want to hurt her anymore, now, do you? You don't want to hurt anyone?\" \"But I do, and I'm sorry. It won't stop.\" \"Well, that's why you're here. So I can help you to make it stop.\" \"He's going to leave me here.\" \"Who?\" \"Daddy.\" \"They just want to help you.\" \"Not Daddy.\" \"Your daddy loves you.\" \"Daddy loves the horses . He wants me to go away,\" I said. \"No, he doesn't.\" \"But he doesn't know.\" \"He doesn't know what?\" I didn't reply. \"Samara?\" Daddy has just only cared about the horses, never me, I have soon realized. Mommy didn't truly love me. The horses unsurprisingly didn't like me either. I will say why in a little bit. There is a reason why my family doesn't love me, or at least why they don't love me how they should. I have an ability called Nensha, which means I can see images in my mind and project or burn them onto objects like walls or paper. I admit it was an accident when I discovered this ability around my \"family\". The powers actually became quite useful in the future. Daddy didn't want me hurting anybody so he placed me in the barn in an isolated bedroom with a ladder. I only had a television set as company. When it was nighttime I was always woken by the stupid horses in the ranch. I felt so angry and jealous once I realized Mommy and Daddy loved the horses more. I mentally attacked the horses, which made them go insane and a ton of them committed suicide by running to the ocean and drowning themselves. Mommy for some reason was sent to the hospital again, and came back after five days. We then visited Shelter Mountain Inn. It was nice there, and even peaceful. It was quiet. The sun shone beautifully while I stood at the well. Singing. \"Round we go, the world is spinning. When it stops, it's just the beginning.\" I then heard footsteps. They didn't concern me, but I stopped singing. \"Isn't it beautiful here, Samara?\" Mommy's voice. \"So peaceful.\" I admired a tree on a hilltop. \"I know things'll get better,\" Mommy said. I hoped so. After gazing the sky for a few minutes, Mommy took a black bag and suffocated me with it. Then she grabbed a loose stone and bashed my head with it. I heard her mutter an apology. Why would she do that to me in the first place? Then, she dumped me in the well, and there I sank to the bottom. Before I could even think about how to escape, she closed the top. After what it seems like seven days, I feel like I can't breathe, and then while I perish, everything goes black. ","Summary":" A/N: I have not seen the movie so please don't mind if I got anything wrong/inaccurate or something"},{"Movie":"Ring, 2002","Title":"Kanojo no Noroi","Author":"x.Feardrops.x","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9971616","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Blaire sat alone at the wet bus stop awaiting the start of her day. With only a hood to protect her from the harsh rain, she was wet and shivering. She did not enjoy school very much. Her classes were okay but she had no friends and was not shown much kindness. She did not mind the solitude but she always wondered what it would be like to have someone to talk to. Her parents were never home and she mostly raised herself. She removed herself from any social groups, not liking to talk people. She avoided any human interactions and was often teased for her silence. Therefore when a boy, presumably a new student, came and sat on the opposite side of the bench, she stiffened defensively and let her hair fall in her face. With only minor glances at the boy through the slits in the dark curtain she had created, she examined him. He seemed about the same age, most likely a sophomore as well. His skin was pale and intense dark circles surrounded the fierce brown eyes that seemingly held all of his emotions. His hair rest lazily on his head, water droplets soaked the auburn tips of each lock. He seemed just as content as Blaire was skipping introductions but he spoke anyway, having to raise his voice slightly because of the splatter of rain on the pavement. \"Uh…I'm Aiden. I'm new in town…\" Because of the way he awkwardly trailed off, Blaire hesitated but after a few moments she realized he was not going to say anything else and responded quickly. \"I'm Blaire. Welcome to town. Where are you from?\" Aiden now positioned himself to face Blaire and Blaire faced him in return. \"Seattle.\" \"Oh, so you're already used to the rain then, I suppose. I was actually raised in a small town outside of Seattle. My family had a ranch out there for a long time but we eventually sold it and moved here.\" \"Yeah, it's nice here though. My mom and I lived in the city so the suburban, small town life is a nice transition. Why did you sell the ranch?\" Blaire hesitated, choosing her words cautiously. \"Our family just has a…haunting past. What about you? What made you come to Oregon?\" \"Kind of the same reason. We just wanted a new start. The place held some bad memories.\" \"Well I'm glad you chose to come here. I'm sure you'll like this place.\" After a few different conversations and small talk, the bus finally pulled up to the curb. Aiden stood first, gripping the straps on his backpack anxiously as he climbed onto the bus, Blaire close behind. The bus was full; being that Blaire was the last stop to and from school, leaving her and Aiden one empty seat. She usually walked to school but she had been running late. Now she was conflicted about whether or not that was a good thing. When they sat down they continued their conversation. Blaire examined Aiden's schedule, not surprised that it was nearly identical to her own because of their very small class. Blaire agreed to help him around the halls with a quick warning of the social suicide he would face by being seen with her which only lead to a laughing fit from Aiden over the irony of someone else worrying that they were going to ruin his social status. When the bus finally stopped, they took their time walking to the school building, despite the rain. They were in no hurry to get to class unlike the students pushing past them and rushing urgently into the dry shelter provided by the indoors. The building was small and used to be an elementary school so it had a rusty playground that Blaire found creepy, especially on windy days when the vacant swings would sway slightly. The building itself was small but functioning enough and a lot cleaner on the inside than the outside would lead one to believe. Tearing her gaze from the cracked cement, Blaire turned to Aidan and began a conversation. \"So what kind of stuff are you in to?\" Aidan glanced at her before looking ahead once again. \"I like photography...and I listen to music a lot, I guess.\" Blaire nodded before responding. \"That's cool. I like music too. And I like to write. What kind of music do you like?\" \"I don't have too much of a preference. I like it when a song has relatable lyrics. What about you?\" He looked at her with an expectant smile. \"Well, I tend to listen to slow music but I like other stuff too.\" By that time, they had ascended the front steps and were walking down the busy hall. \"So, we have English first hour with Mr. Astly. I think you'll like him.\" Blaire said. \"Cool, I always appreciate a good English teacher.\" Aiden replied. Blaire bit her lip growing nauseous. Was this that social interaction thing she tried to avoid? It must be. What else could it be? But even Blaire knew it was too late to back out now and with that unnerved thought she silently sauntered into Mr. Astly's room with Aiden in tow. \"So how would you feel about coming over to my place?\" Aiden asked. He and Blaire were finally on the bus after a long day of new textbooks and \"example setting from his fellow classmates\". \"Yeah, that sounds cool.\" \"Alright, cool. It's low stress. Just me and my mom. She's pretty laid back and all.\" Blaire nodded. The bus came to a stop at the same place as usual. In the morning the driver was committed to his job and drove to each stop with no protest but by afternoon the driver had a busful of highschoolers and a serious lack of motivation, leaving Blaire and Aiden a good ten minute walk to their street, which they walked quietly, enjoying each other's presence. When the two arrived at Aiden's house, he led Blaire through the unlocked door and into the house. The rooms were empty, save for piles of boxes, some half unpacked and others completely unopened. They made their way into the living room, revealing a young woman with blonde hair and features resembling Aiden's, sitting by the fire place in a small section of the floor with boxes surrounding her. She looked up as they entered the room. \"Rachel, this is Blaire, I met her at school today.\" She stood with a smile to greet their guest. \"Hi, Blaire. I'm Aiden's mom, Rachel. It's nice to meet you.\" \"Likewise.\" Blaire shifted her weight awkwardly before Rachel spoke again. \"well ,Blaire, I would love to offer you a beverage but as you can see, we are not finished unpacking.\" \"Oh, that's alright.\" At that Aiden cut in. \"Actually, Mom, I was wondering if she could stay for dinner. Or rather join us wherever we go.\" \"Of course. That sounds great if you're okay with it, Blaire.\" \"Sounds good with me.\" Blaire replied. She took a glance at all the boxes on the floor and then at Rachel returning to her place on the floor. \"Y'know, I could help you unpack some stuff if you want.\" \"oh that's alright, you two can go hang out, you don't have to help me.\" \"No really, I'd love to help.\" Less than an hour later, Blaire had helped her neighbors sort through six boxes and currently sat with a box of tapes and CDs, mostly Aiden's. It was not until she reached the bottom of the box that she found it. A tape with a small label placed on the side reading simply \"Samara\". Blaire sat quietly, staring at the tape for quite some time before Aiden noticed and snatched it out of her hand. \"Don't touch that.\" He began to toss it in the direction of the fire but Blaire grabbed his arm swiftly before he let go of his tense grasp on the object. \"I wouldn't burn it either.\" Aiden and Rachel stared at the girl before them in shock. Realizing her mistake, Blaire corrected herself quickly. \"I mean it just seems a shame. Surely you have some use for that tape.\" Rachel looked at her skeptically. On the one hand, she was confident that Blaire knew something but she also feared that small chance that she did not. \"Right. I agree with Blaire. Hey, how about some dinner, are you guys hungry yet?\" In the meantime, Blaire questioned just how much these people knew as well. Had they seen the tape? If so, did they copy it? Were they safe? The box seemed like it had probably not been packed with the move and rather years ago but Blaire could not be certain of that. As they walked to the car, Blaire began to wonder who exactly these new neighbors were and what they were not telling her. ","Summary":" Blaire sat alone at the wet bus stop awaiting the start of her day. With only a hood to protect her"},{"Movie":"Good Dinosaur","Title":"The Good Dinosaur Bloopers","Author":"OhXUnikittyandBlytheFan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11683988","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys, I just saw The Good Dinosaur and it was a pretty great film. But this idea came up to me: What if The Good Dinosaur had outtakes? This fic will have the bloopers reel during the recordings of the film. Blooper 1: Poppa Henry gets mad at Buck. Poppa Henry: Arlo! Buck: Wha...? My name is not Arlo. Everyone laughs Blooper 2: Arlo: HELP! Then, the t-Rexes turn around, but not before Poppa Henri is with them, then Nash and Ramsey notice him. Nash: Ack! You nearly gave me a heart attack! Director (Peter Sohn): CUT! Henry, you're not supposed to appear until the scene where Arlo dreams. Henry: Sorry... Blooper 3: (Take 1) Arlo is running with Spot, till he trips over on the pile of Buffalo dung Arlo: Ugh! (Take 2) Arlo is running, but with Vivian (in place of Spot/scrapped character). Arlo: We're almost there, S- *sees Vivian* Ah! Vivian?! Vivian: Hey, Arlo! Director: Cut! Blooper 4: Arlo shoves Lurleane and Pervis off Butch Pervis: Aw shoot! *pulls tooth out* That was my favorite tooth! Lurleane gets up, but somehow, forgets her line. Lurleane: What was my line again? Everybody laughs Director: \"I'm gonna love ending you!\" Lurleane: Sorry! *laughing* I gotta remember that line! Blooper 5: (Take 1) While rounding up the Longhorns, Nash accidentally lets out a huge fart. Nash: Sorry, must be from the chili cheese dog I had for lunch. Director: *groans* Ramsey: *holding her nose* Nash! Your fart smells like a dirty bacon from the junkyard that was vomited by a skunk! (Take 2) While rounding up the Longhorns, Butch steps on Buffalo dung Butch: Ugh! Whoever did it, clean it up now! Director: I'll clean it up for you. Blooper 6: Arlo is running away from the Pteroactyls, but then comes to a very slow turtle. Turtle: I... Am... Hurrying... Up... Arlo: *groans* Director: Cut! Ok, how did this wild turtle get here?! Blooper 7: Butch (being Nash) is fooling with Ramsey. Butch: No, your bubble is you! *attacks till Nash (being Butch) came)* Nash (being Butch): Nash! Leave your sister's bubble alone! Laughter is heard. Blooper 8: (Take 1) Spot approaches with a pizza, 2 eels and a lasagna. Arlo: Wha? Everybody: *laughing* (take 2) After Spot appears with berries, Poppa Henry appears out of nowhere. Henry: Surprise! Arlo and Spot: *sees Henry and they laugh* Henry joins in. Director: *facepalms* Ugh! Blooper 9: Arlo and Spot is hiding from Lurleane Lurleane: Mommy's home. I brought you some Mountain Dew Baja Blasts! Arlo: Wha? *takes the Baja Blast* Thanks? Everyone laughs Blooper 10: While Arlo is doing his chore, A baby Arlo appears. Arlo: *screams* Baby Arlo: *giggles cutely and cuddles Arlo* Arlo: What's my baby me doing here? Director: Cut! Baby Arlo, you do not appear for the rest of the film! Baby Arlo: *cries* Director: *worried* Don't cry, Baby Arlo, you'll be fine! Well, that's all for Chapter 1, if everyone likes it, I can do Chapter 2![Chapter 2] Hey guy So! This is my part 2 of the outtakes! Enjoy! (Blooper 11) Poppa Henry: ARLO! Then, a fake spider scares Henry. Henry: AHHHH! *runs away in fear* Arlo: Poppa? *sees a spider* AHHH! *realizes the spider's fake and it belongs to Buck, angry* BUCK! It made the director laugh. (Blooper 12) (Take 1) Poppa Henry takes a final look at Arlo, but then, a fish is threw into his face instead of the flood. This made everyone laugh. (Take 2) Poppa Henry looks at Arlo for the last time, then he farts. Everyone: Ugh! (Blooper 13) While Arlo and the T-Rexes confront the Velociraptors, we see Forrest Woodbush making funny faces. This make the director laugh. Arlo: Huh? What did I do? Arlo then notices Forrest and everybody laughs. (Blooper 14) Arlo falls and goes to the Red-snake,but for some reason, Pervis stops the snake. Arlo: Wha...? Director: Cut! Pervis, you are supposed to appear later and not now, and you are supposed to be the minor antagonist! Pervis: Sorry. (Blooper 15) While doing a naming contest Arlo: Stinky! Forrest: Spot! Arlo: Hey! That's my line! Forrest: Sorry. (Blooper 16) Thunderclap: Your critter is yours! Instead of eating the critter, he pridefully gives the critter to Arlo. Arlo: Wow! You really are a find and rescue guy. Director: That was beautiful... But we still have to cut it. Thunderclap: Aw come on! His statement makes everyone laughs. (Blooper 17) While running to the T-rexes, Rex and Trixie are taking places of Nash and Ramsey. Director: Cut! Where's Nash and Ramsey?! Rex: They're taking a vacation, you gave the vacation to them, remember? Director: Oh yeah, now I remember. We'll continue doing the production after they come back. (The director is nice) (Blooper 18) Butch is finishing his story. Butch: I took a bath in my own blood. *smilies; then farts* Wha? *laughs* (Blooper 19) (Take 1) Nash and Ramsey comes to Arlo, but instead of Ramsey picking him up, Nash swallows him. Nash: Ugh. Arlo: AW COME ON! Nash barfs out Arlo. Arlo: Ew. Nash spit. (Take 2) Nash and Ramsey comes to Arlo, but they trip over. Ramsey: Ow... (Blooper 20) The Buffaloes got up during the Velociraptor fight and instead of running, they start to dance. Butch: Wha..? Nash: *WTF face* The Velociraptors: What happened? Arlo: *same face as Nash's* Then, it made everybody laugh almost to death till the director stopped the Buffaloes. Director: Ok, that's enough. End of Part 2. The third and final part is coming.[Chapter 3] This is it. The third and final part of the outtakes. Enjoy! (Blooper 21) (Take 1) Arlo wakes up, finding out he is lost. Arlo: Momma? Then, he sees the Velociraptor rustlers relaxing in the river. Arlo: What the heck? Bubbha: *drinking a 7up* Howdy! Arlo laughs. Director: Why, guys, why? (take 2) Arlo wakes up, finding he is lost, but he sees Poppa Henry. Poppa Henry: Hello! Director: Why?! (Blooper 22) Bubbha: Howdy! Arlo gets scared and then falls from a rock. Arlo: I'm okay... The Velociraptor laughs (Blooper 23) Forrest Woodbush came out of the forest, then snores. (Blooper 24) Bubbha: And what do we do with trespassers, Earl? *phone rings* Hold on. *picks up; on phone* Hello? Pa, I told you NOT to call me, we're in the middle of recording. Earl comes, shakes his head in annoyance and blocks the camera. Earl: Cut. (Blooper 25) Henry: Come on! We're finishing the job right now! Then, before they cross the fence, they caught Forrest Woodbush sleeping. Director: Cut! I'll get Forrest coffee. (Blooper 26) Arlo and Spot sees the tops of the pterodactyls, but the music scratches as we see Poppa Henry, Nash, Earl and Forrest Woodbush making funny faces, Spot was the first one to notice them and laugh. Arlo: What's so funny? Arlo then notices them and laughs hard. Then, the crew laughs. Director: Augh! I give up. (Blooper 27) Pervis and Lurleane were caught on mouth by Butch, but he accidentally throws them at the camera. Director: Cut! Really, Butch?! *the director picks up the camera, as he is revealed to be a calm velociraptor) (Blooper 28) (Take 1) Henry sees the flood. Henry: Run, Libby! Arlo: Uh, Libby's at home, pa. Director: Cut! (Take 2) Henry sees the flood. Henry: Run, Arlo! Then, Buck throws the paint balloons at Henry and Arlo. Henry: Huh?! *sees Buck* BUCK! You're grounded for a week! Buck: *groans* At least my prank worked good... (Blooper 29) Arlo sees the rushes on the long grasses, then it turns out to be the Rustler's grandparents Ed (Bubbha's grandfather): Howdy! Arlo: Ack! Ack (Earl's grandfather): Hey, that's my name, don't blur it out. Rey (Pervis's grandmother): Aw, you are the cutest Apatosaurus I ever saw. Arlo: Uh... Thanks? The camera goes to the Rustles, who are completely annoyed. Bubbha (annoyed): Can we please cut this scene? Our grandparents are ruining it. Director: Sure. Pervis: *looking at screen, annoyed* Actors and actresses, never EVER bring your grandparents on set. (Blooper 30; the final blooper) Arlo rushes to save Spot... Till he fails and fall to the ocean. Arlo: Aw man! Arlo got out of the water and everyone laughs. Director: Epic fail, Arlo, epic fail. (End of Blooper Reel) That's it, fans. That's all the bloopers. What is your favorite blooper(s) for the whole reel? Place them in the reviews! Thanks for reading! Plus, read my new fic, Blythe and Poppa Henry (Find it in the crossovers part and find \"Littlest Pet Shop\") ","Summary":" Hey guys, I just saw The Good Dinosaur and it was a pretty great film. But this idea came up to me:"},{"Movie":"Ring, 2002","Title":"Samara Morgan and Me","Author":"TallestRedFangirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9465628","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a cool October morning and after school I went walking home. I saw a street which I never saw and I was curious to know what's there, so I walked to the street slowly and carefully. At the end of the street was a house that looked like it was haunted and it was giving me the shivers. I decided to see what was inside and even though I was scared I still went inside the scary looking house. Inside looked like the inside of a haunted house in a scary movie or something. I saw a staircase and I started walking up the staircase slowly. I was really shivering and I couldn't think really well with all the thoughts of what will happen if I climed up the stairs. Once I got to the top floor, I saw a long hallway that was very dark and creepy looking. Then I heard a noise and when I turned to look down the hallway, I saw something that scared me completely[Chapter 2] What I saw was a little girl that looked like an Onryo, a Japanese mythical creature that wears a white kimono with it's hair over it's face. An Onryo can be a male or a female, but the Onryo I saw was a female Onryo. The Onryo was walking towards me and I was so frighted that I started to run for my life. As I was running down the stairs, I accidently tripped on a step amd fell down. The Onryo was faster than when I was about to get up, it was right beside me. \"Who are you?! Please don't hurt me!\" The Onryo just stood there and instead of killing me, it held out it's hand and helped me get up. \"Thanks, I thought you were gonna kill me.\" \"My name is Samara Morgan. Your welcome.\" It was Samara Morgan, the creepy girl from The Ring. \"Samara Morgan, I can't believe you helped me get up instead of killing me. Why did you helped me?\" Samara stood there for a minute and after that she answered. \"I helped you because I don't want to see a girl that was brave enough to stay here and talk to me get hurt. I can't believe you didn't ran away from me. Most people run away when I try to help them get up, but you didn't.\" \"Well I'm happy to talk with an Onryo from a scary movie. I have to get home now, I got homework to do.\" \"Will I see you tomorrow?,\" Samara asked. \"You bet.,\" I answered. After I left, I ran all the way home. I can't wait to see Samara again tomorrow. ","Summary":" It was a cool October morning and after school I went walking home. I saw a street which I never sa"},{"Movie":"Year Without a Santa Claus","Title":"Snow miser and Heat miser a bad case of the flurries","Author":"Autobot Pikachu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12754646","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Snow miser is looking forward to spending the day with his brother Heat miser but he winds up catching the flurries. ( An illness that Snow miser can catch with cold and flu like symptoms.) But he doesn't want to miss out on the day with Heat miser. But he has to call him any way. Heat miser decides to take care of his brother. Snow miser woke up early in the morning he wasn't feeling like himself. *ACHOO!* Snow miser said and snow and ice flew everywhere. \"Looks like got the flurries.\" he said. \"I can't get the flurries then I will have to miss the brothers day plan I have with Heat miser.\" Snow miser said. *ACHOO!* he said again. \"I have the flurries I have to call Heat Miser and tell him I can't do what we have planned.\" he said. The phone rang. \"Hello Snow miser,\" Heat miser said. \"Heat miser I'm sick I can't do what we have planned today.\" Snow miser said. \"What did you catch?\" Heat miser said. \"I caught the Flurries.\" Snow miser said. \"How about I come over and keep you company today?\" Heat miser said. \"That would be fine thanks Heat miser. *ACHOO!*\" Snow miser said and snow and ice flew everywhere again. Heat miser explained things to his mother and Mother nature told him that make Snow miser keeps cold. Because she handled Snow miser have the flurries a few times. Heat miser went over to his brother's place and came in. Snow miser was lying in bed. With some cold juice on his bedside table and book in his lap. \"Hey Heat miser.\" Snow miser said. \"ACHOO!* Snow miser said and snow and ice flew every where again. \"So is there anything you need?\" Heat miser asked. \"Nothing right now.\" Snow miser said. Then he opened his book and began to read it. Heat miser made Snow miser some cold soup for lunch. Snow miser didn't eat much of it being sick and all. Soon Snow miser fell asleep. Heat miser remembered what Mother always did for him and all his brothers and sisters when they were sick she would always make them sauce made of their favorite fruit to eat. Snow miser's favorite was pears. So Heat miser made some pear sauce and put it in the fridge to chill it. He gave it to Snow miser when he woke up later. Snow miser began to eat and left an empty bowl. \"Looks like you appetite came back.\" Heat miser said. \"I'm feeling much better to.\" Snow miser said. *ACHOO!* Snow miser said and only little bit of snow and ice flew out. Snow miser mainly just slept that day. Heat miser was being nice and got him juice and made conversation with him. The next day, Snow miser felt a lot better. He was even out of bed. \"I feel so much better.\" he said. \"That's for taking care of me Heat miser.\" Snow miser said. \"That is what brothers are for.\" Heat miser said. The two of them hugged. The end. ","Summary":" Snow miser is looking forward to spending the day with his brother Heat miser but he winds up catch"},{"Movie":"Year Without a Santa Claus","Title":"Snow miser's little bundle of joy","Author":"Autobot Pikachu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12752722","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A baby girl is orphaned and in the cold of the mountains on the day of her birth her parents died because they sacrificed themselves in an avalanche to save her. Snow miser finds her on his doorstep. He is unsure how the humans got her there. He shows his brother Heat miser what he discovered. They decided to see their mother to find out what Snow miser should do. Chapter 1 A baby girl was left orphaned in the cold after an avalanche of snow killed her parents she was place in nook in the bottom of a tree. Some young bears took the child to the castle where Snow miser lives. It was early in the morning. One of the bears pressed the door bell with it's nose and the bears ran off. Snow miser opened the door. \"Hmm. I could have sworn I heard the door bell.\" he said. He heard something it was a baby coo. He looked down and saw a box. When he saw what was inside he was shocked. \"Oh my word!\" he said. \"I don't know the first thing about caring for baby!\" he said. He knew he couldn't leave it outside so he took it into his home. He didn't know what to do. So he decided to call his brother Heat miser. \"I need you to come over there is something you need to see to believe!\" Snow miser said. Heat miser came over right away. Snow miser looked pretty nervous. \"What was so important you couldn't tell me over the phone?\" Heat miser asked. \"I found this baby on my door step.\" Snow miser said showing his brother. \"Whoa!\" Heat miser said. \"How did the baby get here?\" he asked. \"I don't know. I was having my breakfast when I heard my doorbell I got up to see who it was and found the baby in a box on my doorstep.\" Snow miser explained. \"We should go see mother she'll know what to do.\" Heat miser said. \"Good idea.\" Snow miser said. The two of them arrived at their mother's house. \"Hello Heat miser and Snow miser what brings you here?\" She asked. \"This does.\" Snow miser said showing her the baby. \"I found it on my doorstep this morning.\" he said. The baby started to cry. \"Uh oh.\" Snow miser said. Mother nature took the baby and began to rock it. The baby calmed down. \"There is nothing worry about now.\" Mother nature said. \"But how did you this on your door step?\" She asked. \"I don't know. I just heard the door bell while I was eating my breakfast. I found her on my doorstep.\" Snow miser said. \"Maybe some animals in the area saw what happened.\" Mother nature said. She found the two young bears that saved the child's life. Using her powers she saw what happened. \"Poor little thing was orphaned so these bears took the baby to you.\" Mother nature said. \"I don't how to take a care of baby.\" Snow miser said. \"Don't worry you'll learn.\" Mother nature said. \"Is the baby a boy or a girl?\" Heat miser asked. \"Well one way to find out.\" Mother nature said she took off the diaper. \"What is it?\" Snow miser asked. \"It's a little girl.\" she said. \"I need to do something to make sure she survives in your home. I know what to do.\" she said. Using her powers she turned the normal human girl into a baby female version of Snow miser. \"That should do it.\" Mother nature said. \"She sure is cute.\" Heat miser said. Snow miser looked worried. \"Don't worry Snow miser everything will be alright I will go over the basics of caring for her. So stop your fretting.\" mother nature said. She placed the baby back in Snow miser's arms. \"She needs a name.\" Heat miser said. \"She is as pretty as a the first snowflake of a winter snow.\" Snow miser said. \"That's what I'll call you Snowflake.\" he said. Then Snowflake began to cry again. \"Now why is she crying?\" Heat miser asked. \"She's probably hungry.\" Mother nature said and came back with a bottle of formula. She took Snowflake into her arms and began to feed her. Snow miser watched to see how it was done. Then after Snowflake finished Mother nature burped her. Snow miser watched his mother and listened to her on how to care for Snowflake. We will get a crib for her.\" Mother nature said. \"Even a playpen and some toys.\" she said. They set things up and got room ready to be a nursery. They got the supplies and everything was ready. \"Thanks for all your help.\" Snow miser said. \"Snow miser I will stay with you this weekend to give you some help.\" Mother nature said. \"I will always be willing to baby sit.\" Heat miser said. \"That is very thoughtful of you Heat miser.\" Mother nature said. \"Well she is my niece isn't she?\" Heat miser said. \"Yes she is.\" Mother nature said. \"Thanks both of you I could really use your help.\" Snow miser said. Snowflake was put down in the crib for a nap. Snowflake fell fast asleep. To be continued. ","Summary":" A baby girl is orphaned and in the cold of the mountains on the day of her birth her parents died b"},{"Movie":"Year Without a Santa Claus","Title":"Winter Storm","Author":"TheMaryWay","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12782350","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I know that Christmas has past already (Happy New Year!). I think this story is still slightly relevant with it being winter. I've always loved the miser brothers but I could never find any fanfics about them. I already know the miser fandom is very small (since they're more of a seasonal thing). I still wanted to write a fanfic myself... I must warn you. This is my very first fanfic. I have very little understanding about grammar. So I apologize for that. I am no novelist. I honestly don't know much about writing... But without further ado! Here is my first fanfic. I hope you enjoy it! I don't know how many chapters it's going to be. So, we're going on this journey together! December again. The time were the cold would slowly start to devour most of the United States. It was Snow's favorite time. People yearning for a white Christmas, and Mister White Christmas himself was more than happy to provide that. At least, he tried to. His step brother would use all his power to stop that every year. His step brother prided himself to be known as Mister Green Christmas. As you may have figured out by now they were complete opposites. Essentially, both were in control of the weather; however, Snow commanded the cold while his step brother manipulated the heat. Both fighting to get their preferred temperature. That's how this month started. With their normal dispute, which ended with a fight, about the current weather. Snow was gaining more and more states as they got closer to Christmas time. He wouldn't be surprised if he managed to grab Tennessee this year. It's a vigorous fight... or it was. Until there was no fighting whatsoever. \"This is channel eight news reporting heavy snow showers throughout the day. We're looking at getting about 15 inches of snow. Schools have been cancelled today. We cation people driving home from work to drive slowly. It appears there has already been a few wrecks down I-40. We'll keep you updated as the day progresses. Back to you Tom.\" The press of a button and the channel switches, \"There's been reports of heavey snow fall which have completely covered roads. We recommend that individuals stay home to-\" Once again the channel is quickly changed, \"It is a new record in our area. We have gotten 35 inches of snow and it looks like it won't be stopping anyt-\" \"Ice has begun to form on several main streets. We have reports that they are attempting to salt the roads as quickly as possible. This snow storm was a surprise for the south. This is actually the first time it that we got so much snow since th-\" \"- Recommend that you stay indoo-\" \"- Record breaking sno-\" \"I've never seen a storm like this one-\" The TV was shut off. Snow Miser was actually stunned. He was thrilled with the weather that was taking over most of the continent but... but, he would hate to admit it, he was a little concerned with his brother. He would NEVER go down without a fight. So, why wasn't he stopping the snow fall in the southern territories? Snow sat on his icy thrown in a daze. Glancing to his left, one of his devoted minions awaited Snow's commands, \"Minion increase the snow fall and start to push it more towards the south. I'm interested to see how much we can cover this year. In the mean time, I'm going to pay my brother a visit. Let me know if any trouble pops up,\" Snow commanded as he got up from his throne. \"Yes sir! We won't let you down,\" The minion said as he gave a quick salute. The salute was missed by Snow. He wasn't paying attention to his minion as he walked passed him. He was trying to think of reasons why his little brother would be acting so peculiar. There was that one time when Heat actually got sick from Snow propelling an icicle at him. It was funny at first until he saw how ill his brother got. Snow refused to leave his side until Heat could manage to get himself out of his own bed. So, maybe he got sick again? What could have gotten him sick though? He summoned a winter wind, that gently picked him up, and blew him towards his brother's palace. Hopefully it was just a joke and nothing more. He was undeniably worried. Snow caught site of the volcano that his brother lived in. He landed right outside his brother's door. The entrance, into the volcano, was resting on a craggy ground that had lava pits scattered about. Snow shook his head. Stupid heat. He turned his attention back towards the elegant door. Close to the rim of the door was complicated symbols. They were carved in gold, reflecting the lava's light. Surrounding the edge of the door was the same gleaming gold. Snow had to admit his brother had a aptness for the dramatic. Instead of barging in, like expected, he knocked on the door. No answer. He tried again. No luck. He grabbed the door's handle and took a breath before turning the knob. He opened the door and is bewildered at the picture before him. Heat's minions were running around like a teenager who was searching for their lost phone. Lights were flashing on several consoles. The minions were desperately trying to fix the dilemma but it looked like they weren't making any progress. What was even more strange was the fact that Heat was no where to be seen. Not even on his throne were he would be shouting out orders. None of Heat's minions noticed Snow as he walked into the room. The heat was extremely uncomfortable for Snow. He didn't want to linger too long. Sometimes the heat could cause some negative side effects on his well being. Looking around he grabbed the minion closes to him. You could hear the sizzle of the cold meeting the heat on the poor minion's body. The little guy cried out in pain as he quickly grabbed his arm back from Snow. His face changed from frustration to surprise. He jumped back a couple of feet. Wanting to put as much distance from himself and Snow as possible. Before the minion could run away Snow began to speak, \"Hey hey! Wait one second. Where's the hot-head? I've notice a lack of effort on his part recently. Not that I'm complaining or anything. I'm just curious is all,\" Snow said with a flash of a smile. The minion looked around himself as he saw his fellow workers rushing around. He looked back at Snow with a sad expression, He stuttered out, \"We... we don't know...\" while he avoided Snow's eyes. The little minion began to stare at the floor while he squirmed under Snow's intense gaze. \"Uh... haha. Okay very funny. No seriously. Where is the little fire ball? Don't tell me he's sick again. Is that it? He's just flustered about being under the weather again. That would be twice in one year. Which is very rare for us you know,\" Snow replied while folding his arms and standing as tall as he can. That had to be it. Ha! He's little brother was so fragile. \"Ummm... no s-sir. We really have no idea where he is,\" The minion told Snow with a confused expression on his face. Snow just stared. Didn't know where he's at? How could you not know where Mister Sun himself was? Snow looked around again, seeing the damage. Of course Heat would never let anything like this happen. This looked like a complete disaster. \"Okay I'm go-\" when Snow looked back, after observing the damage, the little minion was already gone. Probably went to try and help control the mess. Snow sighed. Well he knew of someone who could help but he really preferred not to ask. His body shivered with the thought. He didn't know where else to go though. Heat could be anywhere at this point Snow took one last glimpse of the surrounding fiasco and left the sound of alarms behind. Once again summoning a cold wind to carry him to his next destination. Visiting his mom. Mother Nature herself. ","Summary":" I know that Christmas has past already (Happy New Year!). I think this story is still slightly rele"},{"Movie":"Year Without a Santa Claus","Title":"The Miser Brothers growing up","Author":"Autobot Pikachu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12751402","Passage":"[Chapter 1] based off the scene from a miser brothers' Christmas. Mother nature had many children but she was going to have two more. She was expecting twins. One was really warm while the other one was really cold. They were different. One could control heat and the other could control cold. Mother nature set toys meant for her new children in the crib. These children would be her youngest there were other children such as Thunder, Lighting, Tides, Earthquake and North wind and others. She hoped her youngest would be wonderful as her other children. They were going to be specail to her. The twins were going to be born soon. Her children were curious. They asked their mother about what was going on. \"You kids will have two new siblings.\" she said. \"Right now I can tell they are very different. But I know they will be just as special as all of you.\" she said. One day the children woke up and there was a doctor in the house. He was looking at their mother. \"Mommy is everything okay?\" one of them asked. \"Yes everything is alright.\" she said. \"Both your babies are doing fine. Any day now those two little bundles of joy will come.\" he said. Then packed up his stuff up and left. After a couple of days the doctor was at the house again this time to deliver the babies. The children were waiting outside. They all began to worry. Then the doctor came out. \"All of you can come in now.\" he said. All the children came in. There was Mother nature lying in bed there were two baby boys in her arms. One was red and the other was pale blue. \"Kids meet your new baby brothers.\" she said. \"This one is Heat miser.\" she saw showing them the red baby. \"This one is Snow miser.\" she said showing the pale blue baby. The children got closer and were amazed by the two babies. The two new babies were placed in a crib. They were close together. Soon things at the house were hopping. Mother nature had to deal with her young children and new twin sons. She let her young children take care of their new brothers. Heat miser's always got a warm bottle while Snow miser always got a cold bottle. They both were very cute. The two of them were normally kept together. But they were very different. Mother nature knew Heat miser had heat powers while Snow miser had freezing powers. Their powers would help with the balance of nature. It was a stormy night and there was a loud clap of thunder and the lights went out. Heat miser and Snow miser woke up crying. They were scared. Mother nature picked them up and began to rock them and sing a lullaby to them. They finally calmed down. Sometimes Mother nature would see that her older children would come into the nursery at night while tending to Heat miser and Snow miser. Tonight North wind came in. \"Mommy what are you doing?\" he asked. \"Your brothers were lonesome so came to sit with them.\" she said. She was cradling the two in her arms. \"I use to do it with you and your other brothers and sisters.\" she said. \"Oh,\" North wind said. \"Now go back to bed.\" Mother nature said. \"Yes mommy.\" North wind said. Today they were playing on this fine winter day. Snow miser was playing with a toy snowman while Heat miser was playing with a firetruck. A hot ember from the fire went into Snow miser's onesie and burned his backside. While a snowflake from outside went into Heat miser's onesie the cold on his behind was a surprise. They looked at each other and thought the other one did it and began to fight. Mother nature heard the commotion and set them in two separate places until they calmed down. From that day on the two started the habit of fighting with each other. So Mother nature tended to try to keep them apart. They were sweet little toddlers. \"You're my little ray sunshine.\" Mother nature said to Heat miser. \"You are my little snowman.\" she told Snow miser. \"Mama.\" Snow miser and Heat miser said. As the years passed the two pulled mean tricks on each other and fought. Heat miser would sometimes melt ice that Snow miser was skating and make him fall through. That upset Snow miser. Other times while Heat miser was relaxing in the sun Snow miser would slip some ice underneath him upsetting Heat miser. They continued to fight. Then one Christmas season they had to take Santa's place after being framed by North wind. Mrs. Claus showed them the naughty and nice list. They saw what they were doing was wrong always fighting which each other. They buried the hatchet and saved Santa and North wind got the punishment he deserved. Afterwards they knew they could spend time together as brothers from now on with out fighting. The end. ","Summary":" based off the scene from a miser brothers' Christmas. Mother nature had many children but she was g"},{"Movie":"Year Without a Santa Claus","Title":"Like an Avalanche","Author":"belasgrl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13158539","Passage":"[Chapter 1] On the streets of Southtown, U. S.A., Nina Alvar walked, slowly and dejectedly. Ignoring the Christmas music playing over the radios all over town, she cast her eyes down while still paying attention to where she was going. She passed by the hustle and bustle of people finishing their holiday shopping, sighing heavily. She definitely wasn't in the mood for celebrating. A walk that would normally take a short amount of time instead took half an hour at the speed she was walking at that moment. Nevertheless, the young woman arrived before dark at her home, which was just a small house in the corner of town. The house didn't look anything out of the ordinary, and it was sparsely furnished, as if she wasn't there often. She entered and went to her room and sat on her bed. The entire house was quite cold, and she shivered. Leaning forward, her toffee-colored shoulder-length hair draped over her face. Nina looked slightly to her right. There was a photograph on her nightstand of herself and a man at a beach. Tears welled up in her deep brown eyes, but she quickly wiped them. Grabbing the picture frame, she took the photo out, tore it up, and threw it away. Quickly, she then packed a small bag full of necessities and left the house. In her backyard was a rather large shed. She walked to it and opened the door. Inside was an emerald green airplane. She put her bag in, got in the cockpit, and took off. Soon, she was in the sky, and Southtown began looking smaller and smaller. Later that day, Snow Miser and Heat Miser were up to their usual antics, throwing ice and fireballs at each other. They didn't notice a green plane fly toward them, and it was caught in their crossfire before they could stop the barrage of their weapons. When the plane was hit, the woman tried to regain control of it. Rapidly figuring out she was unable to do so, she jumped out, releasing a parachute as the aircraft fell toward the ground. She landed in front of Snow Miser's home, a castle made of ice, falling like a ton of bricks. Nina quickly lost consciousness as the parachute draped over her body.[Chapter 2] Nina woke up, slowly. She blinked, thinking her eyes were deceiving her. All she saw around her was ice and more ice. She was on a bed of ice. There was a chair made of ice. There was a window with curtains made of what looked like snow. She sat up, alarmed. \"Where am I?\" At that moment, Snow Miser came in the room. \"Oh, good. You're awake.\" Nina stared at Snow, obviously having never seen anyone like him before. \"Who are you?\" Snow Miser sang \"Mr. White Christmas\" to introduce himself. Nina watched in a combination of amazement and bewilderment. After the song was over, she clapped, genuinely entertained, but still confused. \"So, you control snow?\" \"Basically, yeah.\" \"Alrighty, but what am I doing here? The last thing I remember is jumping out of the plane.\" \"The plane you were in must have gotten caught in my brother's and my little...spat.\" \"What?\" \"My brother, Heat Miser, controls warm weather. He is the bane of my existence. We fight, constantly. The plane must have gotten caught in the middle of it.\" The woman frowned. \"Great.\" \"You're lucky you landed on my doorstep.\" \"Lucky? Yeah. Sure.\" She looked down. \"You're not going to thank me for saving your life?\" \"You put it in danger in the first place!\" Nina shouted. Snow Miser was quiet for a while. When he spoke, his voice was soft and gentle. \"I am truly sorry. Is there a way I can make it up to you?\" She sighed. \"No. It was an accident. I would like to find my plane, though.\" \"Your plane? You mean you flew it yourself?\" \"Yeah, I'm a pilot.\" His eyes sparkled. \"How exciting! Have you been all over the world?\" \"Yes. I've been to many different countries.\" \"I'll tell you what: I'll help you find your plane, and we can put all this behind us.\" He held out his hand. \"It's the least you can do,\" she said, \"but it's not enough. I don't want anyone else getting hurt because you and your brother can't get along.\" \"HALF-brother, and I can't guarantee that we won't stop fighting. It's in our natures.\" \"At least make sure no one else gets hurt because of your guys' actions.\" Snow Miser nodded. She shook his hand, shivering, slightly. \"Since my brother helped cause this mess, I'm going to make him help us look for your plane,\" Snow Miser told Nina. \"Though, he won't agree to do it, easily.\" \"I'll convince him,\" Nina said, following him outside. At this, Snow Miser chuckled. \"You're pretty confident, aren't you?\" \"Yep. I want my plane back. Planes don't leave you, unlike people.\" \"What do you mean by that?\" \"My ex-boyfriend left me today.\" \"Ouch. That's cold.\" \"I don't need him. I don't need love. I just need my plane.\" Once they were outside the castle, she asked, \"So, do you make a phone call, or?...\" \"HEY, HOTHEAD, GET YOUR CABOOSE OUT HERE!\" Snow Miser shouted. Across from them, Heat Miser stomped out of his castle. \"WHAT DO YOU WANT, ICEBRAIN?\" Snow Miser explained Nina's problem. Heat Miser huffed. \"You're the one who shot the plane down! It's your responsibility!\" Before Snow Miser could say a word, Nina yelled at the top of her lungs, \"LOOK, I JUST WANT MY PLANE! YOU'RE BOTH RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS, SO HELP ME FIND IT, OR I'LL COME OUT HERE EVERY DAY AND SCREAM AT YOU EVERY WAKING MOMENT! YOU WOULDN'T WANT TO DEAL WITH ME EACH DAY!\" Both Heat and Snow Miser seemed surprised at her tone and words. Snow Miser smiled a bit, while Heat Miser gaped. He sighed. \"Fine.\" He grumbled and summoned his minions. Together, the Miser brothers, their miniature servants, and Nina began looking for the plane. \"It must have crashed right below our homes, so all we have to do is go straight down,\" Snow Miser said. \"And how do you propose we do that, blizzardbreath?\" Heat asked. \"It's not like we're Santa's reindeer.\" \"Well, we could ask Santa for help.\" Heat grumbled. \"I don't want to ask for his help unless I have to.\" \"Wait. Santa is real?\" Nina asked. \"Yeah?\" the brothers replied, simultaneously, as if it were a silly question. \"Oh. No wonder I haven't gotten any presents for the past decade or so. I stopped believing in him when I was 10.\" Heat shrugged. Snow Miser said, \"If Santa lets us use his reindeer, we can fly down and look for your plane.\" \"You call him,\" Heat said, crossing his arms. \"Why me?\" \"Because it was YOUR idea.\" \"I don't have time for this!\" Nina growled. \"Where's a damn phone? I'll call him, myself!\" Snow raised his eyebrows, surprised. \"Cool your jets, madam. I'll let you use my phone. If you're not careful, you'll blow a fuse like my hotheaded brother.\" Heat shook his fists. \"I heard that, you snowcone!\" Laughing, Snow Miser led Nina back inside, ignoring Heat's rants and raves. ","Summary":" On the streets of Southtown, U. S.A., Nina Alvar walked, slowly and dejectedly. Ignoring the Christ"},{"Movie":"Ring, 2002","Title":"Horror College","Author":"Jellybeanier","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12901243","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A young girl with long black hair covering her face was rudely awakened one morning by a girl who looked similar to her, with light gray skin, and long black hair, however it only covered one side of her hair, as to not confuse the two. She was also about a foot taller than the other. \"Oy, Samara! Get up!\" She yelled. Samara woke up, annoyed. She pushed her hair in front of her head, and walked toward the bathroom. She had white skin. And it was literally white, as if she was a corpse. Which, technically, she was. \"God dammit Sadako.\" She said. \"Of all things you say that IS english, thats all you know.\" Sadako smiled. \"あなたのための痛みであることを気の毒\" She replied. Samara knew what she said. 'Sorry for being a pain for you'. Sadako could only speak japanese, but lived in America for a longer time than Samara, who grew up in Canada. Sadako, who had been up for awhile, was wearing what looked to be a female japanese high school uniform. Samara sighed, realizing what the day was- their first day at Craven College for Neons. A neon is someone who is considered to have supernatural abilities, however used those for their own devious schemes- mainly killing. Samara sighed, and got on a long, white ragged dress, with a hole at the bottom. You would expect things to be better, but these two live in a well for cripes sakes. You can't expect for everything to be great. The two managed to climb out of the well with ease. After living in there for almost 100 years, it was pretty easy. The only time it hadn't was when some idiots built a cabin over the well. Samara stretched a bit as Sadako came out of the well after her. She rarely left the well, unless someone found a certain video the girls made. The video consisted of creepy clips and images of them, before they came out of the screen of the viewer's, and instantly killed them. It was always a good experiance for the two. However, they only stayed for at least 1-2 minutes, before getting back to the well. The two only rarely were outside, and to Samara, she thought it was wonderful to be outside. She smiled as she looked around at the forest around her, however the smile quickly faded. The forest in the tape looks like the same thing as in the tape- leafless trees, dry grass, and gray sky. When Samara thought of a forest, she thought of a wooded area with tall trees filled with leaves, bushes everywhere, and a beautiful blue sky. \"The forest we live in is shit.\" She remarked. Sadako looked over at her, confused. \"どうして\" (How come?) she asked. Samara turned to her. \"The grass is dry, the sky is gray, and the trees are barren. How can you say it ISN'T shit, Sad!?!?\" Sadako opened her mouth to say something, but nothing came out. She seemed to realize Samara's point. For a minute, she didn't move or say anything. But she snapped out of her thoughts, and passed a map to Samara. \"Ackee-deemy\" she said, clearly saying academy. Samara took the map and sighed. For the next ten minutes, Samara lead Sadako through the barren forest, before she noticed the sky turn blue, and that there weren't as many trees as before. The grass she was stepping on also was, she realized, actually green, and not the brown, dry grass they had near the well. The two then found themselves near a road where, right across the street, was a tall, abandoned building. Or so it looked abandoned. The two entered the building, and went towards a door, the only thing that seemed to be inside the building. Upon going through the door, the two found themselves outside again, having gone through a hidden portal. Facing a large brick building where, on a sign in front of it, it said \"Wesley Earl Craven College for Neons\" in gold and emerald. The two smiled at the sight. \"Hey!\" The girls heard a familier female voice. Looking behind them, they saw a close friend of Sadako's, Kayako Saeki. \"'Ello Kayako.\" Samara said with a small smile. \"How's the kid?\" Kayako smiled at the question. \"Toshio? He's doing wonderful!\" Sadako then asked, \"どのよう武雄です\" (How's Takeo?\"). Kayako's smile faded. \"Ehm... dead.\" She replied. The two girls stared at her in shock. \"I am sorry for your loss.\" Samara said. But Kayako only smiled. \"I think we all know why he died.\" She then giggled, causing her infamous death rattle to faintly be heard. The others looked at each other nervously. \"But he seemed like a nice guy!\" Samara exclaimed. \"Yeah, well...\" Kayako said. \"You couldn't tell, due to the fact that he killed a few friends of mine. Thought I was cheating on him, the bastard.\" Samara nodded, understanding. The three girls started to walk toward the school, but after only walking 3 feet, they heard a scream from behind them, coming from the portal to the school. Out of it came a girl with long blonde hair, wearing a green shirt with a yellow stripe around the stomache, and a pair of blue jeans. She seemed like she was just a normal girl, however when they others looked closer, they saw that her hair was covered with blood. The girl nervously looked around her, seeming unsure of herself. Samara walked over, to see what was wrong. \"Hey, you okay?\" she asked. The girl looked at Samara, startled. \"Yeah, I'm fine. Just some kids chased me through the portal.\" Samara nodded. \"My name's Samara. Samara Morgan.\" The girl smiled. \"That's a really nice name. My name is Carrie White.\" \"Well, it was nice to meet you Carrie. Hopefully I will see you around in the future.\" Carrie nodded. \"Hopefully.\" Samara walked back to the others, before realizing that she was lost. A huge crowd had formed around the school, and Samara got a bit lost in it. As she tried to get through the crowd, she bumped into a man with a brown and red striped shirt, with brown jeans. When she looked up, she noticed burns on his face, and that he was wearing a brown hat. What really scared her, though, was that, on one hand, he had a glove with knives attached to it. He looked down at Samara and glared at her. \"What the hell are you looking at?\" he asked rudely. The chatter among the others in the crowd died down, and everyone stared at Samara and the man. \"Sorry, geez.\" Samara replied. 'I am not getting into a fight on the first day here' she thought. The man, however, seemed to be indifferent. He raised his hand with the glove on, causing Samara to yelp. However, before he could bring it down, his hand was grabbed by another person. Samara looked over. Another man with a gray shirt and brown jacket stood behind the gloved man. He also had a hockey mask, with a bit of blood and dirt covered on it. \"Krueger, c'mon. For once, don't start a fight with someone.\" Krueger looked at the masked man. \"Shouldn't you be at a campground killing young bitches?\" The gloved man said. The masked man replied calmly. \"At least I don't have to wait to people are asleep to kill them.\" The gloved man, angered, stomped off. The man wearing the mask walked up to Samara, slowly. \"Sorry about Freddy.\" He said. \"He's been in a bad mood all summer.\" Samara nodded, still shaking. \"I can see that.\" The man seemed to be smiling under the mask. At least thats what Samara assumed. \"I'm Jason, Jason Vorhees.\" Samara nodded again. \"My name is Samara Morgan. I have heard of you, your death was a huge topic in the news for awhile.\" He nodded, solemnly. 'FUCK, WHY DID I SAY THAT' Samara thought, feeling guilty about bringing up his death. \"I'm so sorry for bringing that up.\" Jason just shook his head. \"It's fine, don't worry.\" Then, the school bell rang, startling Samara. \"Well, I hope to see you around.\" Jason said, and he walked off. Samara suddenly felt a bit warmer. \"Oh my god it got hot out here quick!\" She ran inside, and was hit with a blast of cool air. \"That felt WAY warmer than it is in the well!\" she exclaimed. She then saw Kayako and Sadako talking near the stairwell. \"Hey, guys!\" The two turned to see Samara run towards them, before she colliding with another student. The two fell on the ground, startled. Samara grabbed her bag, and looked at the student. He had gray skin, and wore a black robe. On his head, pins stuck out EVERYWHERE. 'Holy shit, its a Cenobite!' she thought. Her hand reached out to help the student. \"Sorry about that. I was ccatching up to my friends.\" She said, just as Kayako and Sadako caught up to them. The cenobite turned and glared at Samara, and opened his mouth to say something, however it closed when he looked over at Kayako. He opened his mouth again, and said, \"It's fine, it really is.\" He bent down and picked up a small box. It had a nice gold color, with a bunch of strange markings on it. The cenobite turned to the girls and introduced himself as Pinhead, before leaving. The three managed to make it to the main office, where they got their schedules from the receptionist. Samara had a different homeroom and locker area than the others, so she split up from them to find her locker. \"Locker 7. Ironic.\" She thought out loud, because when people would watch her tapes, they would only have one week to live. After dropping off some unneeded stuff, she walked to Homeroom- English class. She found that she was the first one there, and took a seat in the 3rd row. After her, Freddy Krueger, the man from earlier who fought with her and Jason, entered and sat in front of her. Seeing her, he turned around and flicked her off with the glove. Frowning, she opened a book she had been reading recently, called Pet Semetary. She had started reading it a week ago, and she enjoyed it a lot. More students started to come in, and, class finally started. \"Before we begin,\" The teacher, Mr. King, started. \"I want to know who wrote this.\" He tore off a tarp that hid the white board, which had the words 'REJECT FALSE ICONS' on it. A girl in the back row with short red hair giggled and raised her hand. \"Please come clean this, Samantha.\" The girl went up to the front, and did as she was told. \"Now then...\" The teacher continued. \"In this class I will be...\" Samara couldn't help but daydream the entire time... thinking about how her life had always gone when she did become a neon. As a young girl, she met Sadako, who acted as her Japanese teacher in school. The two became close- which would show to be a good thing later. At least to them. One day, the two started to hear about all kinds of disasters- disasters started to CREATE new neons. Neons were originally people, or other creatures, but tragedyy caused them to become, well... neons. For example, a boy stabbed his older sister to death on halloween, before killing himself. A man, convicted of murdering teens was killed in a boiler room. A girl even died from being exposed to sunlight. Samara and Sadako hoped nothing like that would happen to them. But then, one day, Samara's mother and Sadako's girlfriend conspired to kill the two, suddenly. They had no real reason, they just got the idea one day. They led the two to an abandoned well in the forest, covered their heads with plastic bags, and shoved them down the well. One week later, the two died. But while down there, they found some abandoned tapes, and attached their spirits to them, cursing them where anyone who watched them would be killed in a week. The bell suddenly rang, getting Samara to snap out of her thoughts.[Chapter 2] Samara quickly grabbed all of her things and began walking out the door. \"Hey!\" A voice rang out. Samara turned around. A man in her class, wearing a blue warehouse outfit (I don't know what they are called) walked towards her. Samara, upon seeing his face, thought she saw that his whole face was white, with brown hair and black eyes, however, with the exception of the hair, that was a mask. \"You dropped this.\" He handed Pet Semetary to Samara. \"Your names Samara, right?\" Samara nodded. \"How'd you know?\" The man opened the book, showing the back of the cover. \"Says Samara Morgan on the back of the cover.\" Samara smiled, and took the book our of his brown gloved hand. \"Well thank you, sir-\" \"Call me Michael. Michael Myers.\" The man interrupted. Samara laughed. \"Alright then. Well, I will see you later.\" Michael nodded, and walked over to another man, who wore all brown, and had a pearl necklace around his neck. Samara heard his name was Norman Bates. The rest of the morning went by quickly. Samara had a Mr. Christiansen for math, a Mr. Reeves for History, and a Mr. Hitchcock for Science. However, during Science, a girl named Asami Yamazaki, who Samara was working with, accidentally blew up the table she and Samara were using. She kept apologizing to Samara the entire time the two were washing off, and Samara kept telling her it was fine, hoping at one point, she would stop. Lunch finally came though, much to Samara's delight. After picking up a tray, covered with meat, she sat down at a nearby, empty table. She took a bite of the meat. \"WHAT THE FUCK!?!?!\" She almost yelled. The meat was human flesh! Samara, disgusted, went back up and got an apple. She sat back down, upset. She expected for it to be ham or chicken- not flesh! Looking over at the sign at the back of the line, it said, 'Main Course- Human Flesh.' \"Ugh,\" Samara groaned. A man wearing a brown apron, and a brown sweater and jeans, came up with his tray. Samara looked up, and saw he had a mask MADE of human flesh. \"Excuse me, are you going to have any of that?\" The man asked. Samara sighed. \"No, but you can have it.\" The man smiled (she could see his mouth, there was a hole cut in the mask), and got Samara's food onto his tray. Looking down at the girl, even though she had her hair covering her face, he could tell she was a bit upset. Frowning, he picked up something from on his tray- a chocolate cookie. \"Want it?\" Samara looked up. Only rarely did she ever get a cookie. She nodded, as the man tossed the cookie towards her. Samara snatched it, removed the wrapper, and started eating. The man laughed. \"Someone's hungry!\" He ate a bit of meat, making Samara flinch a bit. \"You're a cannibal?\" She asked. The man nodded. \"Name's Leatherface. Came all the way from Texas to be at this school.\" Samara nodded. \"I'm Samara.\" The two began talking for awhile. Leatherface talked about how he killed people with a chainsaw, then removed their faces, turned them inside out, and wore them as a mask. Samara told him about the tape she used to kill people with, and told him the story of how she became a neon. He seemed interested the entire time she told him the story. Finally, the 5 minute warning bell rang, and Leatherface stood. \"Well, I had better get going, but I will speak with you later?\" Samara nodded, smiling. \"I hope so!\" Leatherface walked off. Samara smiled, and threw away her trash. \"Hey, Samara.\" Samara turned around and saw Jason. \"Ah, hello Jason!\" She smiled. \"What's up?\" \"Nothing much. So, how was lunch with Leatherface?\" This question shocked Samara. \"Were you watching us?!?!?\" She exclaimed. Jason was silent for a second, before replying with \"Maybe.\" Samara frowned. \"Well, our lunch was nice, thank you for asking.\" She started to walk away, before slipping on a small puddle of water. \"AH!\" She was quickly caught by a surprised Jason. \"You alright?\" he asked. Samara looked up. \"Y-Yes!\" She stood up, still startled. \"You sure? Your face looks red.\" Jason continued. Samara growled. \"I am fine. Seriously!\" Samara calmed down, realizeing how she sounded. \"Sorry. I am fine though, so there is no reason to be worried. Samara walked off, this time avoiding the puddle. The rest of the day went by, before Samara found herself walking to another nearby building. The Dorm Building. Samra looked at her map of the school. Her dorm was on the second floor. As she walked down the highway, to find Dorm 207, she passed Samantha (the girl from earlier) go into a room where the words 'Reject False Icons' covered it. \"Jesus, what is that FROM?\" She whispered to herself. Samara finally found Dorm 207. Inside, she found that the dorm led to 4 doors, and a small kitchen and living room. Each door, as far as she knew, had one bedroom and bathroom. She opened the Dorm to one that was locked- Room 207B. She set her stuff on the bed in that room, before hearing a crash behind her. \"HOLY SHI-\" She turned around, only to see a huge stack of papers and books on the ground. \"Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck-\" Carrie, the girl Samara talked to earlier, scrambled to pick everything up. Samara left her room, and helped her out. \"Ah- Samara, right? Who knew we'd have the same dorm!\" Samara smiled. \"Its a great surprise to me as well!\" Carrie and Samara carried everything to Carrie's room, 207C, as a shadow came uo from behind them. As Samara set everything down- \"SAMARA!\" Sadako screamed. Samara jumped. \"HOLY SHIT, SADAKO!?!??!\" Sadako smiled, and showed the girls her room key- Dorm 207, Room D. Samara sighed. \"Please do NOT continue scaring me in the morning.\" Sadako laughed, making Samara nervous. A girl all black came in the room. When i say black, i mean her skin was literally BLACK. Same with her clothes and hair. \"Hey! Names Diana Walters! Guess you're my room mates.\" Carrie smiled. \"Nice to meet you. I am Carrie White, and this is Samara Morgan and Sadako Yamamura.\" Samara waved, while Sadako bowed and said, \"Konichiwa, Diana-chan.\" Diana laughed. \"Cute language.\" She flipped her hair to the other side. \"So, know of the Little Ceasers down the street from the portal?\" Carrie nodded. \"Saw it on my way here.\" Diana smiled. \"Well, how about we all go there now? Bit of a celebration, I guess.\" The others nodded. \"But is it gonna blow your cover to go out like... what you look like.\" Samara tried to say that without offending her. But Diana just smiled. \"In sunlight, I look like a normal girl. Don't worry. It's YOU we should worry about!\" Samara stroked her hair a bit. \"What do you mean?\" Diana stared at her, dumbfounded. \"The hair and dress! You look like you live on the fucking street!\" Samara sighed. \"Fine. Help me out. Please.\" 5 minutes later... Samara came out of her room with a black shirt and purple vest, as well as a pair of pink jeans. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail for the time being. Even though Samara screamed when Carrie and Diana tried to put it on her. She wore a pair a black high heel boots, and had a white streak in her hair. \"I hate this.\" Samara complained. Sadako smiled. \"あなたはたわごとサマラのように見えます\" was her reaction. (You look like shit Samara). Samara glared at Sadako. \"Shut up.\" Carrie and Diana smiled. \"You look nice!\" Diana beamed. Carrie grabbed a jacket and hat from her room, and the four of them left the dorm. As soon as the got out, though, they heard shouts down the hall. They saw a man Samara saw earlier, Norman Bates, with Freddy Krueger and Jason. Norman was backing away from the two, while Freddy was shouting at Jason. \"I am NOT sharing a dorm with this motherfucker!\" Freddy yelled. Jason crossed his arms and frowned. \"You are gonna have to deal with it.\" Freddy raised a gloved finger. \"Listen here, masked bitch. I will not spend any moment with YOU in the same dorm as ME! So, you either get out of the dorm, or leave HERE!\" Jason sighed, then noticed the girls walking towards them, he raised his hand to say hi, however was stopped by Freddy. \"ALRIGHT, YOU WANT TO STRIKE ME!?!?! YOU'RE DEAD VORHEES!\" Upon hearing that, Carrie ran over and grabbed Freddy's right arm. \"QUIT YOUR BITCHING AND LEAVE 'IM ALONE!\" She yelled. Freddy managed to free his arm from her grasp, and glared at her. \"Why should I?\" He asked, upset at her intervention. \"Should you know his and my history, you wouldn't get upset.\" Carrie glared at him. Suddenly, without anyone touching him, Freddy was thrown back at the door to his, Jason's, and Norman's room. Startled, everyone looked at Carrie, who was looking at him the entire time it happened. Norman, startled, whispered, \"She's psychic!\" as Carrie walked up to Freddy, who seemed to be a bit startled at what just happened. Carrie helped him uo, as a figure came out of the room. It was Pinhead. \"What happened?\" Freddy opened his mouth to respond, before Carrie interrupted. \"This idiot was getting mad because he is sharing a room with someone he doesn't get along with, and tried to kill him.\" Freddy, startled, watched as the Carrie walked back to her group. Everyone was shocked, however not as much as Samara. She had no idea that Carrie was a psychic. Then, she remembered something. \"Two years ago, a fire beoke out during a high school prom, apparently caused by a girl with psychic abilities, who also died in fire as well. Is that... you?\" She asked. Carrie solemnly nodded. Behind her, Freddy was watching the group; startled, angry... and a bit impressed. \"Oy, is it okay if we come with you?\" Carrie and Samara opened their mouths to say no, however Diana quickly said, \"Yeah, sure.\" The two looked at Diana, surprised. \"What? He's my cousin.\" Carrie, surprised, started talking to Diana about how she couldn't just invite him because he's her cousin, and Samara started a conversation with Jason. \"You look nice.\" he complimented. Samara smiled. \"Thank you.\" The group left through the portal (to find that there was no need to change what Samara was wearing, neons change what they look like when in public), and walked towards the puzza store.[Chapter 3] I DO NOT OWN LYRICS TO TWO HIGH BY MOON TAXI OR 19-2000 BY GORILLAZ!!! The group arrived at the store, to find that they were being served by Asami Yamazaki- the same girl Samara dealt with earlier. \"Allo, may I help you?\" She asked. Norman answered. \"I think we might need a minute, thank you.\" Asami smiled. \"That's fine sir.\" She walked off. In a pocket, Sadako noticed a needle covered in blood in her pocket, causing her to be a bit nervous. The group ordered their things a few minutes later, and noticed a stage being set up a few minutes later. \"Wonder what that's for.\" Carrie said. \"Probably for karaoke.\" Diana suggested. The man from earlier, Michael Myers, entered the store. Diana noticed him, and grinned. \"OY! M.A.M!\" Michael turned to face her, angrily. \"What was that for?\" Pinhead asked. Diana smiled. \"Referring to him by his initials. His middle name is-\" Michael hears this and rushes over to shut her up- \"AUDREY!\" Everyone laughed, much to Michael's embarassment. \"I hate you so much Diana...\" he muttered, before taking a seat next to Sadako. A man passed by the table, heading towards the stage. No one gave much attention to him, except Sadako. She eyed him, curiously. He was a strange, black, reptilian creature. He wore some leather jeans and a long leather jacket, as well as a brown leather hat, similar to Freddy's. He got on top of the stage. \"Hello, everyone, welcome to karaoke night. I hope that you all enjoy your food, and that some people come up and actually sing tonight.\" He coughed. \"Now then, if you wish to sing, come up whenever. And if you would like to play an instrument, of any sort,\"(He pointed towards a pile of instruments on the ground) \"Feel free to take any. My name is Creeper, and I hope you enjoy your stay.\" He eyed Sadako, who seemed to be the only one paying attention, and left the stage.\" Sadako, excitedly, started speaking in rapid japanese. \"あなたは男ということを知りましたか？私たちは、音楽を再生して歌うことができます！\" Freddy, who was sitting next to Sadako, pointed to her and asked, \"Anyone know what the German bitch is saying?\" Samara rolled her eyes and said, \"She said \"Did you hear that guys? We can play music and sing!\" She turned to Sadako. \"You want to try karaoke?\" Sadako nodded excitedly. Samara grinned. \"Alright, but only if everyone else goes up.\" Norman coughed. \"I cannot sing. I have a problem with my throat. Neither can I play an instrument.\" Samara nodded. \"Alright, everyone except Norman.\" Everyone seemed to be fine with karaoke. Even Freddy, if you can believe that. Norman sat back and watched them. Freddy took a guitar from the pile, as Diana took the drums out. Pinhead found a keytar in the mix, as Carrie found a keyboard. Michael found another guitar, and Jason found a bass. Samara took a tambourine, amd decided to handle backing vocals, while Sadako would handle vocals herself. Samara tapped the microphone. \"Hello, we will be playing \"Two High\" by Moon Taxi.\" The group started to play, surprising Samara that they already knew how to play the song. Samara tapped the tambourine a few times, before Sadako started singing. (she sings in Japanese, but I give you the english lyrics.) When you feel the world around you Spinnin' out of control You can find someone around you To bring you out of the cold But you don't ever have to hide What you really feel inside So put 'em up Two high We can walk together with our hands up in the sky So put 'em up Tonight We can come together We won't give up on the fight So put 'em up Put 'em up Two high Sometimes it's hard to tell What we're really living for Hear the voices calling out from the streets Singin' get ready Get ready for more Singin' get ready Get ready for more now So put 'em up Two high We can walk together with our hands up in the sky So put 'em up Tonight We can come together We won't give up on the fight So put 'em up Put 'em up Two high Put 'em up Put 'em up Two high Before we're gone Keep holding on Keep holding on And put 'em up Two high We can walk together with our hands up in the sky So put 'em up Tonight We can come together We won't give up on the fight So put 'em up Two high We can walk together with our hands up in the sky So put 'em up Tonight We can come together We won't give up on the fight Put 'em up Two high Put 'em up Put 'em up Two high The song ended, and Sadako quickly bowed to the small crowd, and said, \"Thank you\" in japanese. Samara smiled. While everyone else left the stage, Samara stayed behind with Jason to perform 19-2000. Jason sang the first verse. The world is spinning too fast I'm buying lead nike shoes To keep myself tethered To the days I've tried to lose My mama said to slow down You must make your own shoes Stop dancing to the music Of Gorillaz in a happy mood Keeping my grove on Samara continued with the chorus. Here you go get the cool Get the cool shoeshine Get the cool Get the cool shoeshine Get the cool Get the cool shoeshine Get the cool Get the cool shoeshine The two continued with the song, until the end of the song. The two joined the group, and laughed with them as they ate. After about half an hour, they left. However, they all agreed they did not want to do anything like that again, at least not for awhile. Unbeknownst to them, Asami was recording the entire performance.[Chapter 4] Samara awoke the next morning to the LOUD chatter of Diana, Sadako, and Carrie. She left her room, and saw what they were looking at- a phone. \"What the hell?\" She asked, and saw what they were looking at. A video of them doing karaoke the night before. \"WHAT THE HELL!?!?\" She exclaimed. Carrie turned to her. \"Someone recorded us singing... and posted the video online. It became viral.\" The three looked a bit nervous. Sadako whispered something in japanese, sounding nervous. Suddenly, a knock came from the door. Diana rushed to get it, and in front of her stood Freddy Krueger and Jason Vorhees. Pinhead and Norman came up right behind them- with Norman wearing a wig and long dress. The three looked at him, confused. \"What the fuck? Norman, why are you wearing a dress?\" Samara asked. Norman frowned. \"God dammit, mother. She inhabits my body, and sometimes when I am asleep she will do \"motherly things.\" Frustrated, he ran off to change. Freddy turned to the others. \"WHAT THE HELL!?!?! YOU DO REALIZE HOW THIS COULD RUIN US, RIGHT!?!?!\" Samara frowned at him. \"What are you talking about? Nothing awful happened.\" Jason looked at her. \"That's where you're wrong. If we aren't careful, then we might lead actual humans to the Neon dimension. Then, next thing you know, we're all dead.\" Samara knew well that they wouldn't be \"dead,\" but they would be in trouble with the human race, who would most likely take the neon dimension. \"Right... Right...\" They heard noise coming from down the hall, and left to investigate. Asami, Michael, Kayako and Creeper were coming down the hall. \"Guys! I saw that the video was posted online-\" Asami began to speak, but was quickly interrupted by Pinhead. \"We know. We saw it online.\" The others glared at her. Michael sighed. \"She recorded a video, but didn't post the video. There was a human there that borrowed her phone. And, as we saw in the video, it showed us as Neons. NOT humans.\" He turned to Samara. \"The camera didn't record you in your outfit- it recorded you, and everyone else, as neons.\" The others looked nodded, scared as to what might happen. \"Luckily...\" Michael began. \"Everyone that has watched this video, they all think its some people in strange costumes.\" That wasn't comforting for anyone to hear. \"We should STILL figure out who recorded that video.\" Diana said. Asami looked at her and smiled. \"I actually DO know WHO.\" Everyone looked at her, shocked. \"She is a close friend of mine... who actually knows of the existance of neons! After I became one, we stayed friends, and kept in contact.\" Everyone stared at her in shock. \"Who is it?!!?!?\" Jason exclaimed. \"Her name is Angela Vidal.\" Asami replied. Everyone kept staring at her. \"THE Angela Vidal? She was in that same building infested with zombies... her footage was found!\" Freddy said. \"I was half certain she was dead.\" Asami shook her head. \"She survived.\" Norman ran out, putting on a black leather belt on his way out. \"Hey guys-\" his voice suddenly became high pitched, almost... female. \"Oh, dear, I am sorry for my son's behavior, children.\" Everyone looked at Norman, stunned and confused. He then shook his head. \"Ugh... my mother needs to leave me alone...\" Everyone frowned, a bit scared, except Asami, who laughed. \"Cute, very cute.\" Norman smiled, enjoying the fact that at least one person didn't think it was weird. The group got to the front of the school, passing by a guy in a long black robe, with a white mask of what looked like someone screaming. He waved towards Michael and Diana- Diana smiled and waved back, while Michael rolled his eyes. \"Thats Ghostface. He is a bit of a bitch to me.\" Michael explained. The group went into the cafeteria, and seperated afterwards. Samara groaned when she saw that, yet again, they were serving flesh. She picked up a tray and walked over to a table where Leatherface was sitting. \"Hey, Samara.\" He smiled as she sat down. \"Hey. How are you?\" she asked. \"Alright... I saw your video. My friends Rose and Candyman liked it.\" Samara looked up, confused. \"His name is 'Candyman'?\" Leatherface took a bit of Samara's breakfast, and she took an apple that was on the tray. \"Yeah, he wears a long brown coat and has a hook on one hand.\" He nodded towards a black man who fit that description. Samara nodded, seeing him. He looked cool. \"Rose is that girl over there with the striped shirt and blue jeans.\" He nodded toward her, and noticed her talking with Freddy. \"They are friends?\" she asked. Leatherface looked at her. \"Freddy and Rose? Yeah, she has asked for his services when she is trying to kill someone. Anyway, we saw your video, and though it was great!\" Samara smiled, but quickly replied, \"Well, we are gonna have to find the girl who made it. We need it to be deleted.\" Leatherface frowned, however looked up and smiled a minute later. He grabbed Samara by the wrist and pulled her up. \"Do you know 'Sky Is A Neighborhood'?\" He asked. Samara nodded. Leatherface then rushed off, and came back minutes later with an acoustic guitar. \"Can you perform it?\" Samara froze, not believing what he was asking. \"R-Right now?!?!\" Leatherface nodded. Samara was nervous. She didn't know what to say about performing a song. \"Maybe later, once we have gotten rid of the video.\" Leatherface nodded, a bit disappointed, but understanding. \"If you want, I can help you guys.\" Samara nodded. \"That would be great!\" Just then, Creeper, the guy from the night before, came up to the two. \"Oy, you the same girl singing 'Two High' last night?\" Samara shook her head, pushing her hair back in her face. \"No, that would be my friend Sadako. But she left. I saw her leaving a couple minutes ago.\" He nodded. \"Sadako... she japanese?\" Samara nodded. \"What did you need her for?\" \"I was just going to tell her that she did a great job last night. During karaoke, I mean.\" Samara nodded. \"Well, I will tell her you said that. She will be pleased.\" Creeper nodded. \"Well, that is all. You were pretty great last night.\" With that, he left to find Sadako. Leatgerfacr stood up. \"I better get going. Who is the girl you are looking for, anyway?\" Samara looked up. \"Angela Vidal. She made that clip \"REC\" awhile ago.\" Leatherface nodded. \"I have heard of that. She is a neon, right?\" Samara was a bit confused as to why he would think that. \"No, she survived.\" Leatherface stared at her, confused as well. \"But I saw the actual Angela in class the other day. I was leaving math and she stopped me to ask some questions. Gonna be tutoring her for awhile. She's a bit cute, to be honest-\" Samara tried to understand what she was hearing. Angie? A neon? But according to Asami, she survived. Thats when it hit her. Neons and humans could only rarely communicate, and humans can't see neons as, well... neons. Just their form from before becoming one. But Asami said she had talked and remained friends with Angela after becoming a neon. Samara snapped out of her thoughts. \"I- I should go get my stuff for class.\" She interrupted Leatherface. Leatherface looked at her, a bit shocked, but understanding. \"That's fine. I guess I will see you later then.\" Samara nodded and started to walk off. She turned around to see a dark, shadow like creature come up behind Leatherface, raising its hand to his shoulder. Startled, Samara opened her mouth to warn him, before it looked up at her. Suddenly, the room felt cold. Samara felt weak. And emotionless. As if the world became just... nothing. Life was meaningless. Feeling lightheaded, Samara then fainted. /Attention turns to Jason Jason entered the Cafeteria, after a quick chat with a friend of his, Jigsaw. He noticed Carrie talking to another girl, who he knew went by the name Dollface. That was the only name she would go by. Dollface was then pulled over by a girl named Muffy St. John, who had a ponytail looking like a noose. Very creative, to him. Carrie noticed him and walked up to him. \"'Ey, Jason. How are you?\" Jason nodded as she came up to him. \"Pretty good. Yourself?\" Carrie smiled. \"Good. Was just talking about murder tactics with DF. She gives some, uh... pretty good advice.\" Jason nodded, again. \"I have talked to her a few times. She is pretty nice. Once invited her to murder some fuckers at camp.\" Carrie nodded, a bit uneased with the talk of murder. Jason's eyes flickered to Samara, who was talking with Leatherface. He stared a bit, lost in thought. Carrie, confused as to why he now just froze in place, followed his gaze. Seeing where it led, she covered her mouth to keep from squealing. As Jason was staring, though, he noticed a familier looking girl. She had brown hahair and wore a black shirt and red jacket, as well black leggings. He immediatly recognized her. \"Angela?\" She turned to him, and raised a finger to her mouth, as if to shush him. She then, suddenly, fell through the floor. Jason opened his mouth to say something, before hearing a loud thump and looked over to see Samara, lying on the floor. Panicking, he and Carrie rushed over and picked her up. They, as well as Freddy, who had also run over, quickly ran to the Clinic, Samara in Freddy's arms. \"She- GOD DAMN SHE IS COLD!\" He looked at the two a bit worried. The nurse opened the door, to see the three waiting outside. \"Our friend, she's passed out!\" Carrie exclaimed, scared for Samara. The nurse took Samara from Freddy, and set her on a bed. All the three could do was watch and hope she was alright.[Chapter 5] Samara awoke to find herself in a forest. Looking around... it looked similar to the forest she called home. Confused, she started calling for her friends. \"SADAKO! CARRIE! HELL, FREDDY!?!?!\" She began crying a bit, before uttering a last name \"J~Jason???\" She down. She was wearing the same clothes she had on before she died. The same white dress, only cleaner, and with more frills and a bow in her hair. She turned to hear crying coming from behind her. It was... her. When she died. Her mother held her face tightly in a black bag. She heard herself scream, for her to stop and let her go. Samara watched as the bag was removed. She saw herself crying and fighting her mom, before being slapped and shoved down the well, her screams heard as she fell. Only minutes later, her mom was joined by Sadako's girlfriend. She then took off Sadako's bag, and just as Samara did, Sadako fought her, screaming in japanese, before also being shoved down as well. Only minutes later, a strange black gas left the mouths of the two women. The two looked down at the well, realizing what they had done. The two of them cried, having lost their loved ones. The forest then began to decay around Samara, and the two women faded. Samara began sobbing at what she had witnessed- hers and Sadako's deaths. \"Weak.\" A voice said behind her. \"Just weak. You could have saved yourself, Samara. But you gave up... like a weakling.\" Samara turned around to see the same shadow creature from before talking to her. She glared at him, still crying. \"Why did I see this...\" The creature gently held her shoulder. \"You should know... a creature called a grim reaper causes people to do stuff like that. He is the main reason neons are formed. He can make people kill someone, kill themselves, or he can kill them himself.\" Samara kept sobbing. \"W-Who are you then?\" The creature paused for a minute before answering. \"Your guardian angel. I am supposed to protect you Samara. However, I failed that years ago, on account of you getting killed. You can call me Sem, which I am normally called by those I served...\" Samara nodded. Suddenly the entire place began to shake, and Sem disappeared, before she could ask more questions. /Meanwhile Carrie and the others watched as the nurse examined Samara. \"She is... in a coma?\" She turned to Jason. \"And you said she just fell?\" Jason nodded. \"She just got up and... fell! I don't understand why...\" The nurse looked at Freddy and Carrie, who were still looking at Samara's body. Carrie noticed tears coming from her eyes, confusing her. Freddy, meanwhile, stared from Samara to Carrie. The thought of losing people you care for... he never had to deal with that, even before becoming a neon. The fact he was watching others deal with it... he saw how much it hurt others when something like this happens. Sad, really. All of a sudden, girl opened the door. Jason was the first to turn around... and realized it was Angela. Again. \"Angela... what are you doing here, and HOW are you here?!\" Angela just looked at him, not saying a word. She then turned to Samara and dropped a strange liquid onto her eyelids. Carrie felt Samara's skin... it felt warmer. \"How... How did you do that, Angela?\" Angela looked at her and, just like with Jason, said nothing. Samara started coughing, and the others turned to her. \"She's awake!\" Freddy exclaimed, surprised. The three stared at her, shocked, as she opened her eyes and looked around at her surprised and confused friends. \"Holy sh-\" Jason looked at Angela. \"What is that?\" Angela looked around at the group, and sighed, before speaking. \"Something I made myself, in science.\" Samara sat up, as the others looked at each other. \"Angela... You're a neon?\" Samara asked. The others then looked back at Angela and Samara. \"...Yes. I am a neon. And, in case you wonder why I posted the video... its because humans will find out about Neons soon. It does not matter if they find out or not.\" The others looked at her, and just as Samara opened her mouth to speak, Angela suddenly phased through the floor again. 'So... strange...' Samara thought, before she ran out. \"Where is she-\" Suddenly, the bell rang before Freddy could finish his sentence. The three, startled, sprinted out of the clinic to get their stuff- school was about to start. ","Summary":" A young girl with long black hair covering her face was rudely awakened one morning by a girl who l"},{"Movie":"Year Without a Santa Claus","Title":"Cold, Wild Heart","Author":"BobwhiteBobwhite","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12725845","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Snow Miser and his band of cronies whooped and hollered as they rolled into Southtown. \"They wanted snow, boys!\" Snow guffawed, \"Let's give 'em some snow!\" Southtown was normally under the control of Snow's hot-headed half-brother, the Heat Miser. But after a long argument, many insults, and a scolding from Mother, a compromise was reached. Snow shook away the thought of the damage his idiot brother must be doing up north. From high atop his cloud, the Snow Miser looked down on the quaint southern town, tapping his magic fingertips together with delight. \"Hee! Hee! Hee!\" he giggled, already imagining the masterpiece he was about to create. He picked up his cane like a conductor in front of a symphony. With gentle shakes, he sent large, picturesque snowflakes down-- very slowly at first. So slowly that many of the citizens of Southtown didn't even look out their windows. Snow grinned mischievously and sped up. The wind blew slightly more than a breeze. The flakes were fuzzier now and fell a little faster. Children and their parents had now begun to notice, coming out to watch the snow in awe. The Snow Miser cackled and began a full-on blizzard. Thick and swift, the snow fell on the streets of Southtown. Now, the whole town had noticed and were beginning to venture out of their homes to watch the storm. Amidst all the ooh -ing and ahh -ing and the giggling, one figure stood perfectly still, gazing into the sky. And that's where the Snow Miser found her: the little lady who'd tame his cold, wild heart.[Chapter 2] Peggy Parker was the new librarian of Southtown. The adults called her Miss Parker, but the children knew she preferred Miss Peggy. Miss Peggy had shiny auburn hair, the color of an ice cold cherry Coke on a summer day. She had a dainty sprinkling of freckles across her upturned nose and a pouty burgundy mouth. The only things that didn't seem to belong were her eyes. She had large, bright, icy blue eyes. Falling snowflakes were reflected in them year-round. Although the rest of her cried summer, winter was captured forever in her eyes. When the Snow Miser saw her on that winter day she wore a dress of soft olive green material and a gold cameo brooch. She stared into the sky, getting snowflakes caught in her eyelashes. \"Well, what do you think of my work, gorgeous?\" a voice startled her. An odd figure stood before her. His skin was as white as fresh snow and icicles hung from the end of his pointed nose. He wore a sparkling blue jacket with shoes and gloves to match and a striped blue scarf. Even his hair, peeking out from beneath his boater hat, seemed to be made of ice. The sight of him was so surprising, Peggy jumped back and laughed hysterically. She laughed so hard, her icy eyes began to water. She calmed down, wiped her eyes and asked, \"And what are you supposed to be? Jack Frost?\" Snow chuckled. \"No, ma'am. Friends call me Snow Miser.\" \"Snow Miser, eh?\" Peggy said, grinning at him, \"And I suppose you had something to do with all this?\" She motioned up into the sky as the snow continued to fall. \"Actually, yes. I'm the one who caused it,\" Snow Miser said, leaning on his cane. \"Of course you are,\" Peggy said, smiling, \"Come on, who's under the costume? Is that you, Officer Harry?\" She looked at him from side to side. He stepped back. \"We've never met before, Miss. Honest. What is your name?\" \"Call me Miss Peggy,\" the young woman said, \"Now if you'll excuse me, Mister--ah.\" She laughed again. \"Mister Snow Miser. I have a library to run. It was wonderful to meet you and I hope you have a nice day.\"[Chapter 3] \"No, no, NO!\" Heat Miser shrieked, \"The deal was one day. One day of snow in the south! You're not moving in on my territory again, you greedy snowball!\" \"Chill out!\" Snow Miser said over the phone, \"I don't want to do any snowstorming this time. I just want permission to go back to Southtown for… a few days. No funny business.\" \"I don't trust you,\" Heat Miser growled, \"Why in the world would you want to go back to Southtown if not to cause trouble?\" \"I...er...it's none of your business,\" Snow said quickly. \"Never!\" Heat Miser shrieked, hanging up on his brother. Snow sighed. Perhaps he should just forget the whole thing. The lady was a mortal, after all, and any affair between them could only end in tears. But he kept remembering those cold eyes, icy, frigid, as if they were meant to lure him in. Suddenly, he got an idea. It was an idea he didn't like very much, but he was desperate. He dialed his mother's number and waited for her answer. \"Morning, mother dear. Snowy here. Listen, I need your help…\"[Chapter 4] \"Now, listen,\" Mother Nature said to her hot-headed son, \"Your brother's being more than reasonable.\" \"But Mother,\" Heat Miser whined, \"I don't trust him. He's up to something!\" \"What could he possibly do,\" Mother asked, \"if he has no freezing powers for four days?\" \"I don't know, but he'd come up with something, I'm sure,\" Heat Miser said suspiciously, squinting at his brother with a scowl. \"Let him stay in Southtown for four days, dear,\" Mother directed, \"If he does anything tricky, I'll put it right for you and severely punish him.\" Heat Miser thought about this, tapping his fingers together, and then sighed. \"Fine, four days. But if I see so much as one snowflake…\" \"You won't, fireball,\" Snow Miser spat, \"I'm relinquishing my powers for four days. That's the deal. No powers, no snow and ice.\" \"Good,\" Heat Miser huffed, stomping away. \"Now then,\" Mother Nature said with a grin, \"We've got to get you to Southtown, there's not a moment to lose!\" \"Thank you, Mother dear,\" Snow Miser said, taking her arm, \"I promise you won't regret this.\" \"Oh I'm sure I won't!\" Mother replied, \"Goodbye, good luck and if you are successful...bring her around so I can meet the pretty thing that finally caught your eye, you little devil you.\" ","Summary":" The Snow Miser and his band of cronies whooped and hollered as they rolled into Southtown. \"They w"},{"Movie":"Year Without a Santa Claus","Title":"A Green Christmas","Author":"greenbeanboi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13169980","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The setting sun had shone bright upon the sea of sand, bringing empty, dry air, dousing each pebble in burning heat, and altogether challenging the very soul of Winter that coated so much of the current world around the desert in snow. Yet, for Flicker, the desert was the perfect place to ring in the holiday season Like a drop from the sun itself, the firesprite flew in from the sky. He chilled a hand to a red ember, then scooped a handful of sand from the ground. Flicker brought the temperature up, from red, to orange, to yellow, to white, until the sand melted into an orange ooze. He then toned down his fiery hands, and took the bright blob between then, twisting and spinning it until it began to form into a hollow corkscrew. The firesprite soared into the cold evening air, up into the stratosphere, giving his creation a chance to cool. Then, only after checking to make sure the new glass would hold its form, he returned to the sand to begin the process again... ...Just as it seemed with every Winter, it was a losing battle. Snow Miser had sent flurries all over his own Northern territories, and the snow had begun to seep deeper toward the South as temperatures across the country went cold. Heat Miser could see him now, laughing at his own jokes, babbling on about how easy it all was. Of course, following the incident a few years earlier, the two had learned to find support for each other and put their differences aside when necessary, that didn't mean it was any easier to tolerate the Tutti Frutti Snowcone every other day of his life. Heat sighed. It seemed that all he had done since the end of the summer solstice was direct minions and battle his brother. He shut his eyes, drifting away to a sandy beach on a paradise island, surrounded by the green of palm trees and the gentle sound of warm water lapping against the shore. For a moment, he'd nearly forgotten his troubles, until- \"Heat! Hey, Heat!\" Someone tapped at his forehead. With a grumble, he pushed the insistent hand away, opening his eyes to see Flicker peering down at him from the top of his throne. \"Not like you to be sleeping on the job. Everything alright?\" \"I wasn't sleeping,\" Heat stated, \"I was just...thinking.\" \"...Sure.\" Flicker rolled his eyes. Heat swore that sometimes the firesprite was as intolerable as Snow. \"Anywho-\" Flicker jumped from the throne to the floor before it- \"Guess what day it is!\" \"Tuesday.\" \"I mean, yeah, but it's also December first! Which means, it is officially, the month of Christmas!\" Flicker sent out a series of sparks in an imitation of confetti. \"...Isn't it a little early to be celebrating?\" Heat raised a brow. \"Well- it's just- it's just that, I know you always have your little celebration with Snow on Christmas already, and you're really busy what with the winter solstice coming and all, but I was hoping that, this year, maybe we could do something? Just one activity? A little one?\" Heat stared through the firesprite for a moment. It was clear to anyone that he was certainly not the biggest fan of Christmas. Of course, he had found an appreciation for the celebration of friends and family it brought, but the rest of the holiday was so deeply entrapped in the idea of a \"White Christmas,\" and there was only so much of that he could handle. \"And what are we supposed to do? Build a snowman? Go ice skating?\" He responded. \"Nice guesses, but no cake. We're gonna- well, uh, let me just show you-\" and with that Flicker flew off through the winding hallways of the volcano. Heat let out a sigh. It was difficult enough to set time aside on Christmas. The season was far too busy to even think of trudging about in the snow. Flicker flew back into the room, carrying a light tray carved from rock. Atop the tray stood five small works of glass, each in a variety of shapes, from a corkscrew, to a star, to a classic sphere. \"Look- I made some already. A little heat and a little molding and ya got yourself a swell Christmas ornament! I figured we could make some more, or, uh, just decorate these if you're not feeling up to it.\" The firesprite turned to face a corner of the room. \"We could set up a nice green Christmas tree right over there and stick 'em all on it.\" He turned back to Heat with a small smile. \"I mean, if you want to.\" Heat's gaze flicked between the ornaments and the firesprite's hopeful smile a couple times. On one hand, he was truly busy, but on the other, he was itching to try his hand at this type of Christmas. Perhaps, it wasn't just snowball fights and snowmen after all. Finally, he leaned back. \"Alright.\" He figured it couldn't hurt to take an hour or so's break. Flicker beamed a bright tint of white. \"Really?\" \"Yes, really.\" Heat pointed to one of his minions. \"Sparks, you're in charge for now.\" Sparks responded with a smile and a salute, then immediately went about directing the others. \"Come on- I gotta show ya something-\" and with that, Flicker dashed back down the hall. Heat followed after the firesprite, sparing a glance at the control room and pondering whether he had made the right decision.[Chapter 2] Heat followed the firesprite down the hallway until they arrived at the door to Flicker's room. \"Wait here just a moment.\" Flicker said, before slipping through the crack under the door. Momentarily, after a bit of shuffling, the door opened, and Flicker welcomed Heat into his room. Heat had rarely visited the room since its creation. Some renovation had to be expected, of course, but what came as a surprise to the elemental was the addition of Christmas decorations. In the corner stood a little tree, clothed in glowing multicolored lights and a couple of decorative glass ornaments, and topped with a bright white star. Bordering the room's ceiling were multicolored lights that dipped up and down as they traveled the length of the walls. Even the fireplace, the only survivor of the room's original layout, held a single stocking above its maw. It was all harmless, even a bit charming, except for the window across the room, which gave a full view of Snow Miser's lair just across the way. Flicker flew to the fireplace and set it alight with a hand, then picked up a mug from atop the opening and heated it to a boil in his hands. He handed the mug of hot chocolate to Heat, then returned to the fireplace to heat another pre-prepared mug for himself. \"You've certainly gotten into the Christmas spirit, haven't you?\" Heat looked up from his mug to the firesprite. \"It's hard not to.\" Flicker grinned, then took a sip from his own mug. The hot chocolate turned to steam as soon as it hit him. \"It must be with all this around.\" Heat gestured to the room around them, then took a sip from his mug, sparing a glance at the window. \"Yeah, I-\" Flicker followed Heat's eyes, cutting himself short when they landed on the window. \"Oh- I can close that- I just-\" \"No. I suppose it wouldn't be Christmas without snow.\" Heat muttered, glancing away. \"Of course not- lots of people celebrate Christmas without snow! You know that more than anyone!\" \"And all they ever wish for all Christmas season is for it to snow.\" He tapped his mug. \"I'm sure not everyone does that. And that isn't at all why this is here.\" Flicker flew to the window. \"It- it makes me happy that I can be in here. I'm sure most people are sure it would be miserable to be out in the snow all the time. Nobody would like heat if it was hot all the time- well- what I mean- it's that- snow helps me remember just how nice warmth is. It makes all of this-\" he gestured to the fire and the mugs of cocoa- \"seem so much nicer.\" Flicker finished with a smile. Heat didn't reply for a moment. He simply stared into his hot chocolate. Mother had always told them they had to coexist. Was this what she meant? He continued tapping his mug. If it was as simple as that then he should have figured it out ages ago. Maybe he would've- his tapping slowed- if he and Snow had done more talking and less fighting. No, that wasn't all his fault, his brother had always just continued pushing his buttons. Just like every Winter. Snow wouldn't stop pushing. Heat began tapping faster. The hot chocolate came to a boil again. Maybe if Snow could just back off- \"Heat? You okay?\" Flicker's voice shook him out of his thoughts. \"...Yes. I'm fine.\" Heat answered. This wasn't the time to be thinking about that anyhow. \"You- you can close the window.\" \"Alright.\" Flicker pulled a blind in front of the window, then retired in front of the fireplace. Heat sat next to the firesprite, taking a sip of his hot chocolate. Flicker set down his mug, then pulled a bucket of sand from the side of the fireplace to in-between them. \"...I probably should've closed that earlier. I- I wasn't- I didn't mean to stress you out any more.\" He took a scoop of sand and shifted it in his hands. \"No, that wasn't your fault.\" Heat set aside his mug, then took a handful of sand and melted it to glass. Skillfully, he began to mold it into a small flame. \" He's the one who's always putting all his effort into making my life more stressful.\" The glass flame melted in Heat's hands. Flicker glanced aside. \"Well, isn't Summer for him what Winter is for you?\" \"Well- but- it's different- Summer is-\" Heat grasped. \"-probably a big stress for Snow.\" Flicker finished for him. He melted the sand in his hands and begun to carefully spin it into the shape of an icicle. \"Well- what I mean is, maybe it would be easier to get along if you guys just talked?\" \"We've tried that, and what we figured out is that we can't stand more than a day's time near each other.\" Heat began to shape his glass again. \"And that's okay.\" Flicker set aside his ornament to cool. \"You don't have to be friends just because you're brothers. But I think it might just help you guys relax if you just take, I don't know, an hour to talk things out. What if- say you guys agree that you'll give him some south in the Winter-\" \"LET HIM TAKE THE SOUTH?\" Heat boomed, his glass flame melting again. Flicker floated back. \"Nonono- of course not- just, a bit of it- I mean, he'd take it anyway- he's got the season on his side. I just mean, instead of stressing yourself out fighting it, why not just make sure he keeps his word on only taking a little more south by saying you'll only take the same amount of north during the Summer so he won't have to stress about that. Keep it fair and even.\" \"Well if you want to negotiate then you talk to him.\" \"That's not-\" Heat brought up a hand to silence the firesprite. Flicker watched as the elemental shaped the glass into a flame one last time, then handed the ornament off to him. \"...I think I'm done for now.\" \"Do you- do you think we can try this again sometime?\" Flicker looked down at the ornament, then back up at Heat, who was already nearly out of the room. Heat paused a moment. \"Maybe, at a better time.\" And with that, he was out the door. Flicker frowned at the flame ornament. He took ahold of the glass icicle he had molded earlier, then flew to the tree and delicately placed each ornament on its branches with a sigh.[Chapter 3] Flicker may have visited the lair of Snow Miser more often than Heat, but the bar was set low for that already. It didn't help that his occasional meetings with Jack Frost tended to occur on the border between North and South rather than at either of their own home bases, so he never had much reason to visit. Slowly as he neared the icy fortress, the arid heat turned to rain, then to snow, which converted to steam as soon as it hit the firesprite. Flicker went from a flaming orange to an ember red, doused by the cool surroundings. A claustrophobic feeling swelled up in Flicker as the drawbridge loomed before him. Two of Snow's \"mini-misers\" stood on either side of the gate. They glanced to the firesprite, one's usually stoic face betraying a bit of surprise. \"Uh, don't suppose Snow has time to talk today?\" Flicker asked. The guards glanced at each other. Snow did have the season on his side, after all, Flicker figured his schedule would be more open than Heat's. One of the guards tapped the walls of the fortress. Shave-and-a-hair-cut. A cue to chew the scenery. This ought to be entertaining. A tap returned from inside. Two-bits. The two guards lowered the drawbridge for Flicker to pass through. From the opening of the doors to the number ending with Snow seated in his throne, it was a wild ride that Flicker rarely got to experience, only as a spectator when the occasional infrequent visitor arrived to Heat's lair. By the end of it, he'd felt his worries melt away, something Snow was always strangely wonderful at. \"Flicker! Had a busy wildfire season, sugarplum? You should visit more often, might teach you to cool it.\" The elemental said with a chuckle. \"Yeah, that uh- it's been getting a bit out of hand. You're just trying to clear a little bit of underbrush and, well, sometimes it just keeps going y'know?\" Flicker sheepishly shrugged, turning a deeper shade of red. It was true — the changing climate had made it more difficult to control the fires once they began. \"I'd cool it off for you but my brother would blow a fuse. Speak of the devil, I'm guessing he's the one who sent you here?\" \"Kind of. I came here to uh, talk about him. To you.\" Flicker said. \"Not how I'd usually choose to spend such a nice Winter day,\" Snow pondered, \"but it must be important for you to come out here.\" Before Flicker could answer, he continued, \"Speaking of it, you should come over sometime off work, I'd show you more fun than that hothead ever could.\" He laughed again. \"Oh no- I'm sure I'd just melt everything.\" \"With me around? You wouldn't melt a speck of frost.\" Snow replied. \"Sure enough, but, uh, I think we're forgetting what I'm here about today . Your- your brother?\" Flicker changed the subject back. \"...Yes, of course, him.\" Snow's smile grew somewhat forced. \"I just think you guys should- should talk to each other more?\" Flicker said. \"Oh, sugarplum, we talk all the time.\" \"No- I mean like, actually talk to each other. Negotiate. Compromise. I think it might make things easier on the both of you?\" Flicker explained. \"Compromise, with that hothead?\" Snow let out a dumbfounded chuckle. \"No can do. I couldn't get a word in with him before he'd start sending fireballs my way.\" \"Well, have you ever tried?\" \"Now what's got you so set on this, Flicker?\" Snow suddenly said. Flicker stared up at the elemental for a moment. \"Me- I- I told you, I think it'd just make things easier for you guys. I mean- Heat's really stressed- and I'm sure you get really stressed in Summer, so-\" \"I know that, but what got you thinking about that in the first place?\" Snow smiled. \"I..\" \"I've just can't remember you ever being so worried about us this way before.\" \"I- I just-\" Flicker sighed, then mumbled, just barely under his breath. \"Speak up, sugarplum.\" Snow flashed him an encouraging smile. \"I just...really wanted to celebrate Christmas with somebody. But- Heat's always so busy and stressed- I thought-\" Snow's smile instantly grew into a grin. \"Well why didn't you just come over here? I'd show you a real Christmas celebration! Much better than that flaming fool could!\" \"No- I know- but- I mean- like a green Christmas- staying indoors, drinking cocoa, chestnuts roasting on an open fire- and nobody wants that. Nobody likes that. Except Heat.\" Flicker glanced aside. \"And I'd be lucky if he ever decides to give it another chance.\" Snow paused for a moment, thinking to himself, then broke the silence, clapping his hands together in a spark of frost. \"Alright, sugarplum, just for you. I'll give talking talking to my brother an ice solid try-\" Flicker looked up, flaming up to an orange hue- \"if you're willing to give a White Christmas a try.\" Flicker immediately went back to an ember red. \"I- I'm not sure if that's so good of an idea-\" He replied with an awkward smile. \"Don't knock it 'til you've tried it.\" Snow said with a smile and a shrug, leaning back. Flicker took a moment, weighing his options, then sighed. Maybe there'd be some fun in it. \"...alright.\" \"Totally cool, sugarplum,\" Snow shot the firesprite a friendly fingergun as he stood from his throne, \"now, let's give that brother of mine a call.\"[Chapter 4] One of Snow's mini-misers rolled out corded telephone across the icy floor. Snow beckoned to the phone and sent Flicker a friendly smile. Flicker wrapped a fiery hand around the phone. When it wouldn't budge, he upped the temperature, melting the cover of ice that had held the phone to its stand. Lifting it to the side of his head, Flicker listener to the phone's steady ring until finally, a sheet of ice across the wall shifted to reveal Heat as he answered. \"What do you want this time, you-\" Heat cut himself short as he took notice of Flicker. \"-Flicker? What are you up to over there?\" \"Well, uh, you said that if I wanted to negotiate then I should talk to Snow, so, um, I'm negotiating?\" Flicker said with an awkward shrug. \"I didn't mean to actually-\" Heat brought a hand to his temple and sighed. \"...What is it then?\" \"Well, Snow said he'd try talking to you for once-\" Flicker began. \"I'm not going to waste time dealing with that drippy snowman.\" Heat crossed his arms. \"Told ya he wouldn't do it.\" Snow shrugged. \"Well he can't agree to things with you to me!\" Flicker said. The brothers took a moment to process this sentence. \"-well, did it ever occur to you that maybe I don't want to agree with him?\" Heat countered. \"Woah, woah, hold it. I never said I'd agree with Hothead over here, just that I'd talk to him.\" Snow added. \"Who you calling hothead?\" Heat snapped. \"You, Hothead.\" Snow confirmed with a smirk. \"Agh- you-\" Heat growled, \"You wanna talk, Snowball? Then talk to the hand!\" With a pointed finger, he sent a stream of fire through the wall and directly at Snow, who countered with a ray of frost from a fingergun. \"WILL YOU TWO JUST STOP?\" Flicker shouted in a burst of flame, causing the elementals to cease their fighting. Snow stepped back out of the puddle of water that had formed from the now-melting icy floor following Flicker's flare-up. \"...uh, sorry about that.\" Flicker gave Snow a nervous smile as he turned back to an ember red. \"But- this is what I mean- you guys never actually talk. You always just fight. You don't have to like each other but it might be easier if you actually, well, talked about temperature and business.\" He finished. The brothers stood in silence for a moment, then glared at each other, then away, then glanced back. This went on for a bit as one of Snow's mini-misers froze the floor back up. Finally, Heat spoke up. \"Brother?\" \"Yes?\" Snow glanced back again. Silence, for a while. \"Let's... talk.\" \"Cool.\" Snow answered. The two stood for a while, glancing at each other now and then, until eventually they both glanced at Flicker. \"...uh, tell him how you feel?\" Flicker glanced back at Heat. \"Oh I'll tell him how I feel-\" Heat said, his hand going aflame. Snow brought up an icy fist. \"No- not like that- how about- how you feel during the Winter- and during the Summer.\" Flicker quickly said. \"Summer is my favorite time of year!\" \"-Winter is my favorite time of year!\" The brothers instantly glared at each other. \"...and uh, vice versa?\" Flicker added. \"Winter is infuriating, you-\" Heat pointed to Snow- \"you never just back off during Winter, do you? Do you have any idea how much harder I have to work to fight you in Winter? And you just keep taking more anyway, it's unbearable!\" \"Well you do just the same thing in Summer- melting all my snow and ice as fast as you can so you can go lounge on some beach as I have to work twice as hard just to keep your global warming from melting the polar icecaps!\" Snow snapped in return. \"Who's to say you're not lounging around in Winter? You're always sneaking down to the ground, going ice-skating and making snowmen with humans while I'm hard at work. Winter's your break!\" \"And Summer's yours!\" \"So you agree, Summer's mine?\" Heat said. \"As long as Winter's mine.\" Snow replied. \"Keep your lousy Winter.\" \"And you your blistering Summer.\" \"Agreed?\" \"Agreed.\" Snow answered. And with that, Heat shut off the call. \"...what just happened?\" Flicker mumbled. \"We...agreed.\" Snow said, glancing upward in thought. \"You- you guys just agreed on something that was already happening- what-\" \"Well, we talked, didn't we, Sugarplum?\" Snow replied with a smile and a shrug. \"That's what you wanted.\" \"Well- no- I mean, I guess yeah, but-\" Flicker stumbled. \"Why don't you just leave it to us, Flicker.\" Snow suggested. \"It's not your job, after all.\" He said with a smile. \"I...I guess that's right.\" \"No need to waste all that energy of yours meddling. It'll only get you heated up, and where we're headed, you're gonna wanna cool off.\" Snow said with a chuckle. \"Where we're headed?\" Flicker tilted his head. \"I figure you're not too busy, having the time to come over and involve yourself in my and the hothead's business, so why not go right on ahead with that little White Christmas we're gonna have while you're already here.\" Snow proposed. \"Oh, that's swell and all, but, uh, I should probably go check on Heat- after the call and all.\" Flicker said with an awkward smile. \"As much as I'd love to send you off to go bug Hotcakes over there, I think he needs his space.\" Snow smiled in return. \"In the meantime, I'll show you a real winter wonderland!\" ","Summary":" The setting sun had shone bright upon the sea of sand, bringing empty, dry air, dousing each pebble"},{"Movie":"Year Without a Santa Claus","Title":"The Holiday Inn","Author":"MisMusic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13110868","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It felt like an eternity that they had been traveling, engulfed in darkness and battered by the raging storm for Christmas in the North could be nothing less than this- perilous weather memorialized in the form of jaunty mortal tunes. There it was celebrated, coveted even and yet it tormented them here- the frigid chill licking porcelain skin, pawing frantically at skirts buried deep beneath the stiff and no longer harmless snow. A sleigh could only carry them so far now that the sheets of stinging ice reduced their visibility. They had no choice but to finish their journey on foot but then again, one knew better than to travel during a blizzard. At long last, warm light glowed in the distance. At least the fates pitied them. \"I can't feel my hands, can you?\" \"No\" \"Can you knock?\" \"You mean like I have the last three centuries?\" Neither could tell if that had been meant as a joke. As the two bundled figures stood on the door step, one of them raised a limp claw and gently rapped against the door. It stood silent and the world held its breath. …Was no one home? Moments felt like an eternity as they slipped quietly by, but finally the storm sighed and the door swung slowly open, the warmth and light pouring onto the two figures. The scent of spices, chocolate and fresh savory doughs flooded their senses before being stolen by the greedy winds… …But the winds could not rob them of the familiar holiday mirth that filled their bones. A soft motherly voice spoke, coming from a silhouette in the light. \"Oh dear oh dear! You two are going to catch your death out here! Come, come inside the both of you. Tinsel, Hermey, someone put some cocoa on the kettle!\" The woman led the two inside, her sky blue gown brushing some of the snow they tracked within. Without warning, the smaller of the bundles dashed forward. \"YAY cocoa!\" \"Shocky no running in the house! What would mother say?\" The larger of the pair lunged forward as if to grab the flighty Shocky before turning to their gracious hostess with an apologetic smile. \"Please forgive us, it seems during the long voyage over here, we have forgotten our manners...it's so good to see you again Miss Jessica!\" The light shined softly, setting the elderly woman's kind and gentle features aglow. Jessica, now a missus, smiled. \"Oh Aqua, sweetie you needn't bother your sister like that. She's just a little excitable is all. Come, let's sit and get you two some food\". She turned and strolled in the directions of Shocky's footprints, chuckling under her breath- adding amusement to the music in the air. \" What WOULD their mother say?\" she wondered. Jessica hadn't personally spoken to the woman, but the missed school meetings and those cold blue eyes spoke volumes. So devoid of humor, so unlike a Kringle. She didn't seem like the kind to encourage excitement. Behind the cheery matron, Aqua lowered her hood. \"We would like that very much, thank you.\" Aqua's pace slowed as she paused to listen to the upbeat tune playing throughout the cozy house. Raspy words floated on the heavy air, accented by strong female voices. \" Merry Christmas, I don't want to fight tonight…\" The music ran through the house like blood through veins, giving the place life. It was so welcoming and soft, so unlike their own house. Not since her dad… …No, Christmas was not the time to think of such things. Mrs. Jessica Claus looked to Aqua with a smile as she led her to a spacious dining hall. The smell of herb roasted turkey greeted the weary traveler as soon as she set foot inside. In the center, directly below a glittering chandelier, sat a table covered with traditional holiday fare. \"It's not much but we do have MANY mouths to feed after all, heh.\" Aqua's brows lifted. \"This is actually quite the handsome spread. You've really outdone yourself!\" A gaggle of elves arrived, almost as if on cue. Two of them appeared at first, a small shabby brunette and a well manicured blonde, each with cocoa in hand. Tinsel and Hermey, her favorites. A second pair followed closely behind, a taller blonde and a portly elf with wild curls, each with cocoa and marshmallows. Jingle and Jangle. It was so good to see their old friends. Aqua leaned in, lowering her voice slightly. \"You don't want to know the menu our servers plan for a 'plentiful' banquet anyway.\" A shock of bright glittering hair pushed its way between the ladies, the face beneath breathing heavily over both of them. \"Hi are you talking about the haggis?\" \"We don't mention the haggis in polite company Shocky.\" Jessica furrowed her eyebrows. She had heard of it but in all her years never even seen nor tasted it. \"Haggis? It sounds...interesting..I'm sure it's very delightful?\" Without missing a beat, the tall blonde spoke. \"Oh boy, i-i-if it's alright with you Mrs C, I'd just like to say I think haggis is very good! I had it a few years ago when we went to Southtown!\" Aqua looked quizzically to the blonde. \"Did you now? you must have an iron stomach then\" Jingle grabbed his hat and shoved it over his eyes. \"Will you hush?\" She shook her head. \"We shouldn't be talking about these things at the dinner table, anyway I'm sorry for encouraging the discussion.\" Shocky perked at the mention of the promised dinner. \"Oh right! Food!\" And she dashed eagerly towards the table. \"Hang on now! we haven't been invited to sit yet, Etiquette\" Shocky turned to face her sister with a groan. \"But we're not at home anymore\" Mrs. Claus smiled and rolled her eyes playfully. \"Oh girls, no need to wait for invitation, it's not like you're vampires! Sit down, help yourselves, make yourselves at home sweethearts. We are expecting a few guests later tonight, very very important guests… The next line came in a barely audible undertone. \"I just hope they behave themselves this time…\" She looked back to the group with a smile. \"Ah well, not important, you girls enjoy your meals! I'll be back to check on you in a little bit.\" And she left, muttering something about said guests under her breath. Jingle and Jangle settled across from them and helped themselves to cocoa just as Shocky looked up, mouth full of food. \"Impoh'n guths?\" \"That's never happened before.\" With a sigh, Aqua set to work- taking a chunk of turkey and finely shredding it with her butter knife. \"I guess we'll be working this year after all. Ah well, the vacation was nice while it lasted\" Jingle glanced over at them. \"These two are sort of important….In the case of the UNIVERSE they're important, but most people view them as nuisances…\" \"And they break into song too often\" Aqua answered them with a chuckle. \"That sounds like half the big shots that attend our mother's dinner parties\" \"With a little too much eggnog!\" Shocky chimed in. Jingle continued. \"These two have apparently been causing a little bit of trouble on the border lately, so Mrs. Claus is going to have a long word with them when they get here\" Jangle laughed. \"Heh heh, its funny huh Jingle? How, they got so many powers but they get bullied by a little old lady, heh heh\" Neither of the girls were surprised. Border politics were always a messy thing and Jessica was a force to be reckoned with if her days as their teacher were anything to go by. \"You underestimate the powers of the little old lady\" Shocky nodded enthusiastically. \"Miss Jessica's the strictest!\" A few minutes had passed when the front door opened downstairs. Two new voices carried through the building. The first, a deep slightly nasal Baritone…with a slight lisp. The second, a small campy Tenor. Jangle began to tremble. They sounded agitated. Jingle gulped. \"…They're here\" \"They sure do like to make an entrance, don't they?\" Aqua mused as she paused to listen. The rich voice resonated nicely throughout the wooden halls, coloring the wood with its warm sound. Almost musical. Aqua looked down to her plate and continued dissecting the turkey. She hadn't noticed how good the acoustics were before. Shocky leaned in, eyes wide with concern. \"Gee! Are you guys okay?\" Jingle nodded slowly. \"These two are a nuisance from afar but up close they're rather intimidating, and being in their homes is terrifying-\" \"QUIET\" Jessica's voice boomed over the new arrivals. A moment passed in silence. Finally the voices spoke again, returning to tense conversation. Jangle's expression soured \"Ohh…I can't STAND when the Miser Brothers have to show up!\" Aqua looked up from her plate. When? In all their visits, there had been no one else. \"Wh… they do this often?\" Jingle answered her. \"Unfortunately yes…Almost everyday they leave their homes, go to the border and fight. Mrs Claus is fed up with them right now because it's getting close to Christmas, she wants to make sure everything goes smoothly\" Shocky folded her arms. \"Some diplomats they are! No wonder there's border wars!\" \"Yeah like that one year remember?\" Jingle pulled Jangle's hat over his eyes for a second time. \"We were told to not mention that year, you know better. It makes Santa look bad\" \"W-well I'm sure it's not his fault!\" \"Oh no it definitely isn't, though at the same time it's not THEIR fault either, they just made the whole year more difficult\" The voices travelled up along the stairwell, growing louder as the trio approached the dining hall. With them, the temperatures fluctuated wildly, like a bad bath. Aqua removed the napkin from her lap, folded it neatly, and set it beside her plate. \"Hold that thought, it looks like we're going to be having company\" \"Really? it feels like they're just busy breaking the thermostat\" One by one, Shocky began shedding the remaining extra layers. As Mrs Claus entered the room, Jingle and Jangle hid behind the table. Two towering men followed suit behind her- a pudgy fire haired man clad in hues of red and gold, and his taller pale counterpart, with hair of gleaming ice. Neither of them were pleased. Jessica stepped forward. \"Aqua, Shocky, meet the Miser Brothers, Heat and Snow.\" The lanky Snow spoke first. \"I control how much snow is distributed around the globe\" \"And I make sure the heat is still up to par for everyone.\" Heat finished. For all they said, however, they may as well have never uttered a word. Shocky stood motionless, jacket halfway off her arms, eyes tracing the Snow Miser's smooth strong features. The air left her lungs with a sudden silent whoosh. A Silver fox. …No, she couldn't bear to approach him. She resolved to shrink into her seat instead, completely neglecting the coats on the floor around her. Aqua, however, rose to greet them with a polite nod. \"So you're our esteemed guests! welcome\" She glanced to the spot where Jingle and Jangle hid before looking back to the boys with a smile. \"It's so good to finally meet you!\" Heat went to extend a hand to shake and Snow stepped in front of him, bowing before the ladies. \"It is a pleasure to meet you two ladies as well, I hope you like things cool, cuz I'm the KING of cool.\" Heat grumbled from behind him. Aqua paused, hand posed midair. She tilted her head ever so slightly, the corner of her mouth twisted into an expression just short of sly. \"You certainly do a good job of it.\" She gestured to the blizzard outside the window. \"I don't think anyone would disagree.\" She reached beyond Snow to clasp Heat's hand in her own, eyes lingering on the ginger slightly longer than socially proper. Such a pretty face for such a pretty voice, \"I'm sure you both work quite hard to make conditions favorable.\" Before either brother could speak further, Mrs. Claus interrupted the conversation. \"They do, but they fight a LOT. You two need to BEHAVE this time of year. Don't make me get your mother, you know how she gets\" They gulped in unison and nodded. \"Yes Mrs. Claus\" \"Good, now why don't you all get to know each other while I go see how Santa is doing?\" She smiled at the group and left. Jingle and Jangle came out from hiding, the brothers settling at opposite ends of the table- clearly avoiding one another. Aqua perched herself on her original seat, giving Shocky a sidelong glance before unfolding her napkin and returning it to her lap. Her sister avoided the eye contact, a twinge of something sharp, something desperate pulling at her. Words failed her now, how could she possibly face Adonis with a mouth full of cotton? Aqua broke the silence in her place. \"So, you visit here often?\" Snow rested his feet on the table and closed his eyes. Aqua bristled, eyeing him up and down, as if to size him up- eyes glinting with something faintly dark. If she was disgusted, however, she chose not to voice it. Shocky's eyes briefly travelled upward. A bold move, impolite…but so confident. And those calves . His reedy voice washed over her. \"Well I'm up here quite often, I like the weather, plus they LOVE all the snow I give...Hot head over there can't stand it here\" \"Hey, I said I like it inside up here!\" Heat protested. \"It's nice and toasty, outside is FREEZING! My nose would fall off it's so cold!\" \"Ohhh don't be a baby!\" Aqua nibbled on her turkey and chased it down with a sip of her cocoa. She returned the cup and glanced between the two of them with a slight arch of the eyebrows. \"It's a matter of personal preference, I think. Some of us were built to withstand a wilting summer, and some of us are built for the merciless winter\" Snow opened one eye to glance at Aqua then at Shocky, filling her face with color. He returned his attention to Aqua. \"Well I SUPPOSE that's true, even though I'm sure we all know that snow and cool weather is the best\" \"Pfft at least I don't give people hypothermia!\" Aqua hummed lightly as she set about shifting another portion of turkey onto her fork. \"Hmm, both extremes have their pros and cons.\" Heat shot Snow a disgruntled look. Before the taller Miser could answer it, he cleared his throat. \"Ahem! So ladies, uh, tell us about yourselves, you look like elemental like us, so I'm curious.\" \"Oh yeah almost forgot to ask that\" Shocky opened her mouth. It was an easy enough question. \"We're el-\" \"-We preside over a territory up north.\" Aqua cut in. She paused, waiting for her uncharacteristically meek sister. Shocky, however, did not continue. \"…We're Elvish- not quite Elemental, but not without magic\" The boys sat up. \"What CAN you do?\" Shocky spoke to her plate as she doodled lines with her fork. \"W-well, we can do a bunch of stuff.\" \"Elvish huh? Whats that Like?\" What WAS Elvish like? The smell of old books in a quiet temple? The gentle twist of a snowflake as it danced- emancipated from its cloud? The whisper of a secret ancient language, carried on the wind? None of these were tangible, ideas Aqua couldn't convey. \"To be Elvish is to be a part of old sacred tradition. The history of our People is as old as the history of magic itself.\" Heat fixed his eyes on Aqua, impressed with her answer. Snow, on the other hand didn't seem to care, instead motioning toward his pointed ear with an awkward pose. \"I thought it was just short people with pointy ears like us! Haha!\" Shocky's expression lifted. \"Oh y-you mean the Kringle clan!\" Heat shot him an irritated glare. \"You frozen idiot, that's not what it means at all, weren't you LISTENING?\" Snow glanced at Heat with a scowl before looking at Shocky. \"Oh well I suppose so yes, but I thought ALL Elvish were like that\" \"I do believe that classifies as racist you snowball\" Heat growled. Shocky placed her hands up. \"I-it's okay though! People make that mistake ALL the time\" It was true, though partly their own fault. Isolation had made them a stranger to the world, even to their own kind. Snow turned back to him with a quick snap of the head, ignoring Shocky's comment. \"You're getting on my last nerve hothead! One more quip and you'll regret it\" Heat leaned forward, eyes blazing. \"Oh yeah tough guy?!\" Looking between the two, Aqua lifted her cup of cocoa and took a long drag. The temperatures began to fluctuate once again and the Bells hid behind the sisters. \"You wanna GO, brother dear?\" Snow hissed in an oily voice. Shocky drew a quiet breath. Though his voice was seething, there was something low and soft about his tone. Chills ran down her spine… and she wasn't so sure the temperatures were responsible this time. \"Bring it on Snow cone Brain!\" Heat huffed. Aqua set her cup down and slipped a hand under the table. This had gone on long enough. \"If we could kindly NOT have a go inside our hosts' home I'd appreciate it, thanks.\" The brothers growled at each other before backing off and taking their seats at opposite ends of the table, each crossing their arms. Jingle and Jangle poked their heads up and whispered in unison. \"Wow...you calmed them faster then their own mother did…\" Aqua released her hand with a sound like sloshing waves and returned it to her cup. Jingle nodded sagely, understanding the cryptic threat. Jangle stared at the two. He hoped they knew how to handle the situation. After a moment of awkward agitated silence, Mrs. Claus returned, sitting down at the center chair of the table, glancing at the brothers then the sisters before cracking a small smile. \"SO, did you four get to know each other a little bit?\" Heat spoke. \"Well I TRIED but-\" \"-This moron kept making things difficult\" Snow interjected. \"No Arguing, don't make me contact your mother!\" Aqua took a second drag from her cocoa before setting it down. \"Ah yes, I've heard mention of her.\" She glanced between the two. \"Come to think of it, you've heard more about us than we have of you. Your abilities sound impressive and I don't envy your responsibilities\" She leaned forward, propping her chin on an elbow before immediately straightening up. \"But what is your family like?\" Before the brothers could make a sound, Mrs. Claus shot them a warning glare. \"You speak one at a time, let's hear from Heat first.\" Heat looked Mrs. Claus then to Snow, his full well made face alight with a smug expression. Aqua gave him a smoldering smile as he spoke. Smug looked good on him. \"Why THANK YOU, Mrs. Claus...anyhow, Our family is...chaotic to say the least...but what family isn't? There's me and this frozen Slushy that control the temperatures, our older brother North Wind, who controls all the winds and breezes in the northern hemisphere, uhm...Then there's our step brother and sister. Lightning and Thunder who control storms...uh…\" \"Now your turn Snowy\" Jessica shifted her gaze to Snow. \"Why thank you. There's also our cousin Earthquake, our second cousins, the Tides, and then, the Creme de La creme is our fun spoiling mo-\" His turn was cut short by the loud crack of thunder. The building shook and, in a flash of light, a woman appeared in the doorway. Her face was young and fresh, adorned with brown and lime curls. Her emerald aproned skirts swished against the hardwood flooring as the surrounding glitter and leaves danced around her. Shocky jumped at the sound, ashen face growing visibly paler. \"-ooother...M-Mother! Hello mother dear!\" Snow finished, eyes screaming with an unspoken terror. Jessica turned to the sisters. \"Girls, I'd like you to meet, Mother Nature.\" Aqua rose, arms outstretched. \"Ah woman of the hour!\" She bowed low. \"It's a pleasure to meet you Madame.\" Shocky waved. \"H-h-hi!\" The ladies were greeted with a curtsy. \"Oh how lovely.\" Her voice was gentle and warm. \"Mrs. Claus you didn't tell me we'd be having guests! What are your names ladies? If you don't mind me asking?\" Shocky answered first, abashed. \"H-hi…I'm Shocky\" \"And I'm Aqua\" The full figured sister nodded to Jessica, wavy tresses falling over her shoulder. \"We were her students back in the day. I must admit that it truly is a pleasant surprise to see new faces in a place as cozy as this! We're honored to make your acquaintance.\" \"Shocky, and Aqua, what lovely names for such lovely girls! I'm sure we'll get to know a bit more about each other soon\" Mother Nature replied. She turned to Jessica. \"I'm so glad you invited me, I assume this is to discuss Christmas this year, since the boys moved?\" \"Yes, you see, since those two moved to the border, they've become a bit of a liability for Santa, We've run some test flights and his path goes right over their homes. We don't want to risk an argument on Christmas Eve you know.\" \"Completely understandable, Mrs. Claus. Now boys…\" She turned to the two brothers, who in an instant, straightened their posture and smiled. \"Yes Mother Dear\" They answered in unison. \"You two knew better when I moved you out there. I told you to keep the fighting down. You MUST stop, it's getting too dangerous now.\" \"Yes Mother Dear\" They replied. She continued. \"If something happens this year, I'll see to it that YOU two will handle it! DO I make myself clear?\" \"Y-yes Mother Dear\" They stuttered. \"Excellent...now…\" She turned back to Jessica. \"Mrs. Claus, if you wouldn't mind, may I go take a look around? I do love to see this place in action.\" Jessica replied. \"Oh of course dear, let me go along with you.\" The two women rose from their chairs and left, followed by Jingle and Jangle. For the first time, the foursome was truly alone. No one could deny the peculiar sensation that thought provoked. Aqua broke the silence. \"Lovely woman, I see why you treasure her.\" Heat eyed her suspiciously. \"Sarcasm?\" \"She's...she's strict and quick tempered but she's a nice woman that aside…\" Snow paused. \"What's uh your family like..? You've met ours after all.\" Aqua paused, something sharp tugging at her chest. Their family . It'd been a while since they'd been called that. A soft boyish face nagged tauntingly at the edges of her subconscious. If only all of them were here… She gestured to Shocky. \"Y-you've met half of ours, biologically at least.\" \"Th-there's few a us of. Not's many as you guys though\" \"But with a population as small as this, the neighboring villages easily become extended family\" \"I did notice you two feel rather at home here.\" Heat remarked. Shocky continued on. \"We kinda grew up hereNOT grew upgrew up but w-we came a here lot after Mister Kris and Miss Jessica were banished\" Aqua had been sneaking out against their mother's wishes, a disobedience worthy of a hefty punishment. Aqua spared a glance at Shocky. \"…Although home is where our responsibilities lie. We're being trained to look after our people and our Mother isn't terribly fond of free range parenting I'm afraid.\" Snow frowned. \"She sounds REALLY old world\" Aqua looked him dead in the eye. \"You have no idea. \" His long nose crinkled. \"Well doesn't that just suck?\" \"You could try to be a bit more compassionate brother dear, it must be hard for them\" \"Every upbringing has its highs and lows, no parent is perfect.\" Heat's expression softened. \"Ahhh...well...I'm interested in learning a bit about you girls\" \"Yeah likewi-\" Snow's turn was cut short a second time as the women returned. \"-Well boys, Mama's leaving, so you should probably be heading home soon. Say good bye to your friends.\" She curtseys to the sisters a second time. \"Again, pleasure to meet you two\" And in a crack of thunder, she was gone, Shocky jumping once again. \"Yes boys, it's good to have had you, but our business is through and it's getting late, our guests need their rest.\" \"Ah so soon?\" Aqua turned to the boys with a cat-like smile, heavy lidded eyes lingering on Heat a second time. \"Well, you know what they say about pleasurable company\" She purred. \"T-time flies you're when having fun?\" Shocky guessed. Heat extended a hand to Aqua. \"Maybe someday we can meet up again or something, under better conditions?\" She eagerly took his hand with a roguish grin. \"I'd like that.\" Snow grabbed his brother by the shoulders. \"Come on Romeo, stop flirting, lets get outta here.\" But no sooner than he said it, his face betrayed him. He locked eyes with the shining green haired girl, cheeks burning with a tell-tale darkness. She stared unblinkingly back at him, small mouth slightly agape on a face now covered in angry red splotches. In a crack of thunder, the spell was broken. Jessica turned to the pair. \"Ah...I hate politics...anything I can get you girls? or should I show you to your room? unfortunately you're sharing one for tonight\" Aqua waved her hand in front of Shocky's stunned face. \"That will be just fine! I'm sure we can refrain from killing each other for a night.\" Shocky remained dazed for a moment, furiously swatted the hand away when she belatedly registered the conversation. \"…Y-yeah yeah! That'll be great!\" \"Excellent! I shall show you to your rooms dears.\" She led them down hallways, passing various elf bedrooms until they came to one specific door. There was nothing special about it compared to the other rooms, except for normal sized furnishings and changes of clothes just in case they needed it. In the center of the room sat a small table. \"If there is ANYTHING I can get you two, please don't be afraid to ask, you girls are like my own daughters, heh\" Aqua gave her a fond smile. \"And you like our own mother. Thank you so much for taking such good care of us!\" \"Y-yeah! It's really sweet of you!\" Jessica nodded and left the two on their own, shutting the door behind her. Immediately, they were surrounded by the scent of gingerbread and pine. A glowing fire in the corner hearth lit the room in hues of cream and orange. Aqua set to removing the multiple bundled layers that had protected her from the biting chill. Shocky, however sat by the decorative panel- watching the snowflakes fall. So much had happened in such little time. Something seemingly innocent, insignificant...and yet it changed her small and limited world, like the tree shaped window she watched the storm through. Tiny flakes composed of delicate crystalline designs, each one unique like the memories of a life well lived. Ice. HIS ice. Her stomach lurched at the thought, nerves prickling with something intangible. Ice she'd played on as a child, what their nation built their very lives on, what she'd carved a livelihood out of with a simple pair of blades. His ice. For a moment, she almost saw someone else's reflection in the glass and her heart skipped a beat. She'd hardly noticed it'd been long until a familiar female voice broke through to her. \"Are you going to sit there staring at the blizzard all night or are you going to pass on sleep too?\" \"Oh!\" Shocky shook her head. \"R-right!\" Clumsily, she stripped down to her robe and climbed into bed. \"...Aqua? I- Do you ever-? … What's it like when you sneak down to the village? How are you so good with boys? What would dad say? \"I…I think I-…Aqua?\" Shocky sat up, greeted with a mass of silvery blue waves and the outline of her sister… …Who appeared fast asleep, chest rising and falling as she succumbed to her own questions. \"Oh…okay\" Shocky lowered her head back onto the pillow, staring up at the wooden ceiling. Tomorrow was Christmas, she ought to be saving her strength for the final big push, and yet sleep evaded her. Is this how the children felt every year? At the border, the two brothers were both preparing for bed. Heat mumbled to himself about being accused of flirting as he undressed as Snow sat in his icy chair, thinking about their meeting. This strange girl who didn't speak very much, sparked something in him that he hadn't felt before. He wanted to know more about her, invite her to play in the snow with him, go ice skating… But he wasn't sure why. At some point, Snow Miser noticed Heat's indoor light turning off, but instead of going to bed himself, he merely stayed awake, staring at his ceiling lamp and bobbing his foot back and forth. He had a plan for tomorrow. \"I've got it, I'll make a glorious sculpture for her, not one of destruction, one of magic and mystery! That'll get her attention!\" But as he said those words, he sighed. Perhaps he may never meet the girl ever again. \"Such is life, people come and go I guess...gosh it's lonely out here.\"[Chapter 2] As racing thoughts gave way to restless dreams, Shocky's trance was broken not by the Phantom's voice but by a blinding light. She sat up. The blizzard from last night had vanished without a trace. Now the sun glistened on the fresh snow outside, setting the crystals ablaze like thousands of tiny diamonds. Perfect conditions for a sleigh ride. Her sister, already awake and dressed, was stretching by the window. \"Rough night, huh?\" Aqua turned to Shocky, studying her bleary, darkened eyes. \"You didn't sleep last night, did you?\" Shocky ignored her scrutinizing look. \"It's fine.\" She hopped out of bed and locked herself in the closet with a change of clothes. As if on cue, there was a knock at the door. \"Lady Aqua, Lady Shocky, we've brought you breakfast, courtesy of Mrs. C and Santa!\" Jingle beamed. \"For some reason she's insisting getting you guys some hot food, apparently there's another big snow storm headed this way!\" Jangle added \"Oh? I didn't know we were taking it in here\" Aqua approached the closet. \"Hang on\" She knocked. \"Yeah yeah I heard them! I'm ready!\" Shocky opened the door and stepped out. \"Yeah we're decent. You can come in!\" The door swung open and the two elves carried platters of steaming eggs, toast, jam, and breakfast sausage, each with a mug of hot cocoa. Jingle set his plate on the table. \"Well, here you go ladies, we hope you enjoy your food!\" Jangle followed suit. \"Oh yes, and you each for some reason have mail? Mrs. C is holding onto it for you until you girls are ready.\" Shocky's stomach dropped. Was it…? Could he….? The two exchanged glances. \"Mail?\" \"But who would want to send us mail...on Christmas?\" Aqua shrugged. \"Beats me.\" She turned to the Bells. \"Uh, thank you! We'll retrieve it when we're finished with breakfast and then we'll head out to help you guys with the production.\" She leaned in. \"I hear we're up fifteen percent, but fifteen percent ain't much.\" \"Oh no don't mention the percentage, Bob'll hear you!\" Jingle whispered in a hushed tone. Jangle agreed. \"He's been so concerned about our production speeds this year, he's acting like it's the end of the world!\" \"Yes...anyway, we'll let you girls be!\" Jingle headed for the door. \"Thanks for stopping by!\" Aqua waved. \"Merry Christmas!\" Shocky called as they shut the door behind them. The aroma of a country breakfast filled the air. Aqua turned to her own food. \"…You'd better eat something\" \"But I'm not hungry.\" \"If you don't eat something, I'm sending you home to the healer.\" Reluctantly Shocky took her own plate and brought it closer. \"You might want to steer clear of the sausages though. Grease tends to be really hard on a nervous stomach.\" \"Who said I was nervous?!\" Aqua began to dissect her breakfast. \"It's just that you're not eating, and apparently you're not sleeping now so that leaves two possibilities: you're either gravely ill and need to go home yesterday, or you're nervous.\" \"Oh yeah?!\" Shocky furiously stabbed the food on her plate and shoved it all into her mouth. \"Whoof nervouth now?\" With a sigh, Aqua began to eat her meal. An hour passed in silence, the sound of clinking silverware filling the dead air. Aqua took their dishes at the end of it and returned them to the kitchen, meeting her sister in the foyer. The sound of chatter and machinery carried through the walls as Mrs. Claus made her way down the stairs, the thud thud thud of her footsteps cleverly masked by the sounds of the toymakers. \"Good morning dears! Did you sleep well?\" \"We slept wonderfully, thank you.\" \"It was really comfy!\" \"And how about you? big day ahead of us, you know\" In Jessica's hand were two brightly colored envelopes. Their hearts fluttered at the sight. \"Oh yes, very big indeed, after all, Christmas Eve isn't far away, Santa today is going to be testing out a new sleigh Tinsel made…I'm a bit nervous about it but I'm sure she did fine!\" She sighed. \"Oh right, I almost forgot, here you go girls.\" In Aqua's hand, she slipped a warm red envelope, passing the much colder blue one to Shocky. She gave them a knowing smile. \"Something tells me I know who these are from… but I am but a humble messenger.\" She teased in a sing-song voice. Aqua laughed. \"Well, they aren't exactly subtle!\" Shocky reached forward, placing a hand on Jessica's shoulder. \"A-and I'm sure everything's going to be okay! \" Aqua nodded. \"Tinsel is a smart cookie. Even if there was a crash, it would be just like her to plan ahead\" \"I suppose you're right girls...well I'd love to keep you company longer but I must go see Santa off, I'll talk to you girls soon.\" She smiled warmly at them and walked away. Aqua turned to Shocky. \"…Okay, I know you're dying from the suspense. How about we open these before heading over to the workshop?\" Shocky bridled at the assumption. \"Me?! I am NOT dying from the suspense !\" Aqua took a pregnant pause. \"…You know what, you're right.\" She took her letter and stashed it in her corset. \"Let's just head out to the workshop. We've got maybe eight hours to finish everyone's toys. Whose got time for a letter?\" She took a step toward the production room when Shocky grabbed her arm. \"H-hey not out here!\" She lowered her voice. \" What if it's something important?\" She then nodded to the wall. \"…And you know how word gets around over here.\" Aqua led them back to the room and opened the door. \"Fair enough, after you then\" Shocky's limbs went numb, pulse quickening at the prospect of learning the letter's contents. She crinkled her nose at Aqua in an expression of indignation. Aqua shut the door behind them and retrieved her own envelope. \"Alright, count of three?\" Shocky took a deep steady breath. \"…Okay.\" \"One…two.\" Aqua snatched Shocky's envelope from her clammy stinging hands and slashed it open. \"Hey that's not fair!\" Shocky cried. Aqua handed it back and opened her own letter with a scoff. \"Who even waits for three anyway?\" Shocky softly gasped when her eyes met with the ink scrawled on the paper. \"Mystery girl with the bright green hair you made me feel strangely aware if you would be so kind come on up to the castle of mine we can skate and frolic in snow and then retire and enjoy cocoa (Also I apologize if the rhyming is terrible, mother didn't raise a poet!) -Snow Miser\" She quivered with an inexplicable excitement, thoughts buzzing wildly. The note was short, but the words carried unspoken meanings hidden beneath the seemingly innocent rhyme. She reread it several times over- tracing those precious words, committing them to memory. She almost missed the bright green snowflake at the bottom. Aqua's own expression softened, fingers glossing over the message meant for her. \"Aqua, I think you're really hot, but like, not in a like \"I was staring at you\" kind of way, it's my version of saying you're really cool, would like to get to know you a bit better if you're up for it. Sorry if this is kind of informal, not exactly great at this.. -Heat Miser\" She chuckled lightly. He was so awkward, his writing distinctly lacking finesse. It was so very cute. She almost wished he were there for her to give him her answer in person. Aqua's smile widened when she noticed the blue flame at the bottom of her note. She doubly owed him now. \"Well, it's nice to know that X-ray vision is still a myth\" She joked to no one in particular. Shocky almost didn't hear her. \"…Huh?\" \"How did they even have time to write these?\" It had been late when they left. Not moments after they read their letters, however, a siren sounded. Aqua opened the door to panicked voices running by. Hermey caught them and stopped. \"Girls, you'll never believe what happened!\" Jingle and Jangle rounded the corner to join him. \"Y-yes, something horrible's happened!\" \"Santa's sleigh was shot down by the Miser brothers!\" Aqua's blood ran cold. He wouldn't, he couldn't. Shocky took a moment to process the news. \"…What?\" \"That's impossible\" Aqua hoped against hope that she was right. \"But why?\" Aqua hurriedly stuffed the letter in her bodice and hiked up her skirts, rushing towards the trio. \"Is he okay?\" \"They're sending out a rescue team, he said something about his back. Thankfully his chute opened up.\" Hermey answered. Aqua breathed a sigh of relief. \"At least he's okay, we can be glad of that. I knew Tinsel would have his...well metaphorical back.\" \"…But today is Christmas Eve\" Shocky uttered quietly. Hermey's frown deepened. \"I'm not sure what we're going to do without Santa…\" Jingle gritted his teeth. \"Darn those Miser Brothers! They'll pay for this!\" \"Yeah... Mrs C is maaaaaad.\" They made their way to the foyer, where a crowd slowly gathered. As the news spread, elves from everywhere appeared. Even the ever present holiday music stopped playing, leaving the room with a tense uneasy silence. Reindeer handlers, chefs, engineers, and doctors alike stood motionless when Santa entered in on a stretcher. Hats were taken off, as a gesture of respect. The nurse followed the Kringles, the heat of a thousand eyes on her and after what felt like centuries, Jessica appeared in her place. They were sure she said more, but all the sisters heard was \"two to three weeks\" and the sound of thunder that crackled from the sky. As they turned to leave, Aqua looked up at the growing clouds through the large windows. \"That must be the storm they were talking about\" \"Not very common to have thunder around here though\" Shocky replied. Aqua nibbled gently on the inside of her cheek. I wonder how much Mother paid them. In one loud crack of thunder, Mother Nature appeared before the thinning crowd, dragging Heat and Snow Miser by their ears. Shocky paused as she watched the scene unfold, struggling to hear through the pounding of her heart. \"O-ow hey leggo!\" \"M-mother OWCH...that hurts!\" Jessica flew to them, skirts trailing behind her. \"I WARNED YOU YESTERDAY to behave! Now look what you've done!\" Aqua sharply tugged on Shocky's sleeve, dragging her towards the hall and into their cozy room, where they sat before the crackling fire. It had to have been a conspiracy. Why else would they do this? What did that mean for them? Were those words just a distraction? A half an hour passed, punctuated by hurried footsteps. Bob approached the pair. \"Well ladies, I hope you don't mind annoying roomates because those two blundering Miser Brothers will be staying in the castle until after Christmas. They're going to be taking Santa's place this year for hurting his back and putting Christmas in danger\" \"Ha! That's a fine way to punish them\" Aqua scoffed. Shocky glanced both ways, contemplating the consequence of Bob's news. He'd be staying with her ? The thought sent her head reeling. \"Wh-uh...okay!…Y-yeah okay!\" she finally stuttered. \"…Hey Bob, we're really sorry about all this. You all deserve a hassle free Christmas\" \"Oh it's quite alright girls, you don't need to apologize, after all, it's not your fault, there are only TWO people to blame for this…\" From behind him, the miserable pair followed Miss Jessica. As they reached the fitting room, they shot each other a nasty glare. Hermey sighed. \"You girls are lucky! My advice? Don't get involved with them, they'll bring nothing but trouble!\" Jingle nodded solemnly. \"Unfortunately Hermey's right, we've never seen those two behave for long.\" Shocky immediately tensed, warmth creeping up her jaw. \"Wh- who said we were involved with them?!\" Aqua glanced at Shocky through the corners of her eyes. The lady doth protest too much Bob took a step back. \"Now now, nobody is saying you're involved with them, we're just advising you girls to stay out of their business, it'll be-smudge your reputation.\" Jingle changed the subject. \"Now Bob, you must hurry up, those two gotta get fitted up and work on those toys.\" \"Oh yes right! If you girls wanna see how they're doing, go to the toy assembly line and they should be working there soon. Ta ta!\" With that, Bob rushed off to the fitting room and the Bells sighed in unison. Aqua raised a brow at her sister. \"What do you say, want to keep them from annihilating Christmas?\" Shocky eyed the floor. \"I guess, I-I mean we were heading over there anyway\" Aqua turned to the remaining trio. \"You're welcome to tag along if you'd like, but we'll cover for you if you want to take a break\" Hermey smiled and the Bells exchanged glances. \"Thank you for taking over for us! We owe you guys one!\" And with that, the elves made their way to the break hall and the dentist to his practice, leaving the girls to their own task. Aqua chucked as they made their way to the factory. But the merriment didn't last long. Strange noises were coming through those doors.[Chapter 3] The doors swung open to reveal a truly sorry sight. The factory was in shambles, divided in half by rocks and ice, and covered with mud where the two were absent. Broken toys fell from the shelves and scattered along the dirty floor as tiny copies of the Christmas culprits pushed and shoved the elves from their places. On each side, their masters shared a contemptible scowl. \"Well, at least we're getting a lot of pet rocks this year\" Shocky quipped. \"I'M running christmas this year Slush-for-Brains!\" \"No I AM Hot Head! Your toys are just rocks!\" The brothers bickered, hurling their elements across the room-unaware of the two potential targets witnessing the fray The girls looked down to find two minions bracing themselves against them but only briefly, before their resolve melted into an argument. \"All right, that's enough you two!\" Aqua picked the would-be bodyguards up by their collars and carried them over to the hallway. \"Now you guys either go do something productive or I'll put you in a special time out\" \"Made of candy canes!\" Shocky added. Aqua tucked her short gossamer sleeves in, brawny arms exposed as she headed briskly inside. Enough was enough. Shocky darted behind the protection of the wooden doorframe, voice barely above a whisper. \"What are you doing?!\" The tiny plea was enough to catch Heat's attention, his eyes widening when they landed on the sturdy woman marching her way through the middle of the war zone. He paused mid throw. \"Stop you idiot stop it!\" \"You admitting defeat already brother dea-\" The sneer died in Snow's throat when his eyes travelled to the thick muscular arm and rested on a familiar tiny face peeking out from behind the threshold, bright eyes wide with what could only be horror. \"U-uh oh\" Aqua faltered for only a moment, fingers twitching. It would be so easy to end their fighting, to bar them from their powers with tight binding, to daze them with a carefully placed hit. …But it wouldn't be right. Such forcefulness was unbecoming of someone responsible for the welfare of their people. She continued on without a word, carefully collecting as many broken toys as she could hold. Hopefully the example would send the same message. The brothers looked to each other and then to her…before continuing to hurl projectiles at each other. \"…H-hey hey! lemme help you with that\" Shocky weaved in between the fighting and began stuffing toys into her own arms. \"Come on, let's get these into the break hall.\" Aqua's eyes rested on Heat first, wistfully, before traveling to Snow. It was worth a shot. \"It looks like we'll be making Christmas ourselves\" She stood and made her way towards the doorway with arms full of broken toys. Oh well, they couldn't all be keepers. Heat called for a total ceasefire and rushed after her. \"H-hey wamysoginistit a minute! It's not what it looks like, we're NOT that childish, its just HIM that is!\" Snow busted out right behind him. \"Hey hey don't listen to anything he's said, he's a compulsive liar!\" Aqua paused, turning partly to face Heat, her nerves breathing a sigh of relief. \"Oh love, you're not even addressing the half of it.\" She glanced to the toys and back to him again and sighed, looking between the pair. \"This isn't about you...Or you. It's about the children. Fighting is one thing, hurting my friends...but Christmas is about more than who gets bragging rights\" \"But what's the big deal? It's just about kids getting gifts right?\" \"I can't remember the last time Santa Claus brought US any presents anyway…\" \"We can handle it, besides\" Snow jeered. \"You girls can't make toys on your own, you NEED our help\" Aqua bristled, shooting the icy mysogynist a withering glare. Heat looked on with a wince. Santa may have been unfair to them, but he had never wanted to belittle her . Aqua shrugged her shoulders to lift the toys, her voice dripping with venom. mysoginist \"Do we? Because it looks like we girls are going to be picking up your slack. We're losing precious daylight and I need to get these back to the elves you chased out….if we don't start producing gifts, there won't be any reason for you to be here anyway\" She turned on her heel. \"Fine then…you take your toys and do things your way, well do things our way\" With that, Snow sealed his fate as he retreated to the factory. Heat lingered, however, staring at Aqua with apologetic eyes. There were so many words he wanted to say… But he doubted that she'd want to hear any of them. Reluctantly, he turned and headed back inside. Aqua stormed her way to the break hall. Not all keepers indeed! As she turned the exchange over in her mind, the boys entered the factory and stopped abruptly, bumping into each other when they noticed the straggler before studying her expression. Her brows furrowed. \"…You never got any presents?\" \"N..no..\" \"We don't know why, Santa just never brought us presents so why do WE have to care about christmas? It's got nothing to do with us apparently!\" Snow's cheeks darkened as he traced Shocky's smooth rounded features. Her eyes were wide, twinkling under the bright lights and trimmed with feathery lashes. Just under a button nose sat soft pouty lips, seemingly beckoning him with their small frown. She was doing an excellent impression of a puppy, and it made her so cute. Shocky took a step forward and his face began to burn. He hardly heard what she was saying. He had lost himself in her breathy silvery voice. \"But it does! Solstice is about everyone. Everyone deserves to be remembered. Everyone deserves to be loved. I'm sorry Mister Kris left you behind. It's wrong and mean!\" Heat nodded. \"Yeah that's what WE'VE been saying for years but nobody believes US\" \"A-all they believe is that we're trouble starters just because we hate each other…\" Shocky drew back slightly, eyelids fluttering. They smelled different today, like peppermint and smoked hickory. They didn't smell like that last night. Had they? He…? She forgot the conversation. She forgot the fight. She forgot the reason they stood before her. The only thing she knew was the intoxicating cocktail of thoughts and nameless sensations creeping back into her conscious. She shook her head and her stomach lurched threateningly. It would seem she'd come to regret that sausage after all. \"M—m-mate h-mean too is... You n-never sould shpend your time all your time being angry at someone because...because it gives them power over you and means you're not being the better person...But there's no such thing as naughty kids because naughty kids are people too! They have feelings! It's wrong and mean of th...them to pick on you guys\" Snow's lip curled up into a concerned expression. He reached forward, putting a gentle hand on her shoulder as Heat stepped back. \"Hey are you okay?\" \"Yeah, are you all right?\" \"hahhhh…\" The air left Shocky's lungs in the form of a heavy sigh. Chills ran down her spine, nerves prickling with a familiar sensation when his hand touched her shoulder. Her stomach lurched again, more forcefully this time. She really regretted that sausage now. \"For a moment, she almost saw someone else's reflection in the glass\" \"Mystery girl with the bright green hair You made me feel strangely aware...\" \" His snow….\" His touch... ...He's touching me... he's actually touching me \" Any hope of recovering her original train of thought was lost. She almost didn't take notice of the warmth rising from her core, settling on her jaw in violent red patches. \"...I..uh..Sorry I'm...what was that?\" Snow blinked at her, his thumb ever so gently stroking the side of her shoulder. The thrill consumed her in waves- his touch was gentle but the effect was devastating. She was a goner. \"I uh I said are you okay? you went all...weird...like your mind went other places\" \"Yeah, it was as if you were in la la land or something\" \"I….\" \"He's touching me-\" \"-It doesn't matter\" \" He's stroking my shoulder-\" \" It doesn't matter \" \"...Am. Fine. Yep. Just. Fine\" Snow pulled his hand away. \"Well uh, all right then...well...we'll get back to work then, I suppose you ought to be getting back to your sister heh…\" \"Yeah...sister…\" She echoed absentmindedly as he patted her lower back towards the door. Shocky teetered aimlessly into the break hall, where Aqua was standing before a growing crowd of elves. \"...I know that it's short notice and I'm sorry to ruin your breaks, but as you know, we can't actually put rocks in our children's stockings. They might be popular, but we can't have the world waking up in fear again. It is my belief that we can make it if we work together! Shocky, about time that you dropped in.\" Aqua fought the sinking feeling in her gut. She hadn't noticed she was gone. \"Yeah uh hi! I'm just gonna..over there, yeah\" Shocky deposited her toys and squeezed her way past the puzzled faces. From behind the door, Miss Jessica's voice filled the awkward silence. \"Heat Miser, Snow Miser, pause your production and come to the map room to discuss your path of gift giving. Your little friends can continue making toys for you\" An audible groan came from both brothers in the production room. Then all was quiet, no arguing, just the faint sound of the toy making machines and grunts of the Flakes and Flames. Jingle looked up at Aqua. \"Should we shoo those little guys out and get some real toys made?\" \"Show of hands, who seconds Jingle's motion?\" Aqua raised her own hand. Steadily, more raised until everyone in the room had agreed. \"Motion approved. Move out troops!\" The wild haired woman marched her way into the production room, staring each of the minions down when she pushed the doors wide open. Now was the time for retribution. The minions side eyed the growing crowd and with the exchange of hungry smiles before the Elf mob descended upon them- binding the creatures with slinkies and jump rope, packaging them in wrapping paper with pretty little bows. The mini Misers fought the invaders- but to no avail. The Flames and the Flakes were outnumbered. Aqua pulled a needle from behind her ear and with mixed cheers, they set about fixing the machinery and repairing the toys. She settled on a bench in the corner of the room, surrounded by the victims of the Miser war- a pile of torn stuffed animals- and set to work.[Chapter 4] As time dragged on, every living body had thrown themselves completely into restocking the toys. Leaving mortal children with the memory of Krampus would not be an option. One person, however, abstained from the race against the clock. Shocky idled by the window, painting shaky lines on a truck. She could still feel his touch on her shoulder, cool felt covered thumb brushing against her heated skin. It was all she could think about. \"Don't tell me- You want to be a dentist too\" \"Huh?\" Shocky was jolted out of her trance by a red haired elf. The elf looked to Hermey, who was oblivious in his focus on the doll in front of him, before settling her gaze on Shocky with a wide lopsided grin. \"It's only that you've been painting the same block of wood for three hours now\" The blonde looked up from his task with a grimace. \"Aw leave her alone Ginny, who knows what those Miser Brothers did to her\" An elf nudged Aqua's leg. \"So what's the deal with Shocky? if you don't mind me asking? when you guys arrived everything was fine, but she's been kind of out of it lately…\" Bob interrupted him. \"And not to be rude Aqua, but she's not exactly speeding up the process here if you uh..understand?\" Aqua narrowed her eyes at Shocky. \"Oh I understand just fine. She's distracted\" \"Yeah but by what?\" She wished she didn't know. \"I bet she's stressed about Christmas\" Bob replied. \"I'm sure she's also very frustrated with the bumbling brothers out there who caused this mess..ah well back to work, we're down 22% guys! really go for it! go go go-\" As if on cue, the brothers opened the doors, followed by their minions. They scowled at first, but then both their faces lit up with smiles. Shocky jumped nearly out of her skin when her eyes rested on the Phantom. \"Well folks, Heat and I made up! Well mostly…\" Want an award for basic decency? Aqua thought cooly. \"Yes, Mrs Claus showed us some truth about our past and why we were always mad at each other, so we've decided to put our differences aside for the sake of Christmas!\" Their henchmen cheered as they joined the holiday rush. As the workers muttered amongst themselves, the elder sister continued her handiwork- pointedly ignoring them. She was removed from her bitter train of thought by a familiar smooth deep voice. She couldn't help but quiver at the sound. \"Would you uh...like a bit of help? …Also I'm sorry about our behavior earlier\" Standing before her was a sheepish Heat, twiddling his thumbs. It was low to send a third party to do the dirty work, but this messenger was so exceptionally convincing . She was powerless to resist. Aqua flashed the nervous Miser a gentle smile. \"I appreciate that\" She looked back to her work. \"But it's not you who owes the apology.\" She met eyes with him again, scooting over and patting the empty spot she had just been occupying. Heat took it and perched himself beside her, picking up the plush animals before him. \"Well, if not me then who? Snow Miser? He won't apologize. We may have shaken hands but to be honest, I'm still kind of iffy about this truce thing…Besides...We DID shoot Santa down...so it's our fault, this entire situation anyway…\" Aqua scooted closer to him, pressing thigh against thigh. He blushed, pink tinge decorating his smooth face. \"I'm sure that shooting Mister Kris was an accident.\" Her eyes flickered up to him from beneath her lashes, with a smirk. \"You don't seem like the killing kind.\" \"Well thanks, I may be a little quick tempered but I'm not going to kill anyone...did I shoot two elves and a deer down one time? yes but I was already furious because I was fighting with Snow…\" She looked back down to the animal in her lap. \"I can see why you question the truce. He doesn't have much… tact\" \"I don't have much tact either. I've been kinda grumpy and blowing up all over the place!\" Aqua continued her work, poking the creature more forcefully with the needle. \"A little temper is one thing, derogatory comments are another entirely-\" \"-I can see if you maybe threw that letter away, it was kinda inappropriate anyhow\" She leaned in, softly. \"…Actually, about that letter.\" She set the plush down and turned partly away, pulling the red envelope from her bodice and holding it between her fingertips. \"I tucked it away for safekeeping. Your timing was rather unfortunate, but I thought the note was charming…and cute. …I suppose I ought to thank you\" Aqua studied his fine wide mouth, jowl lines gracefully framing its corners. Such a big mouth. So handsome. She wondered what it felt like. Her heart skipped a beat. No. Not here. Not with everyone watching. Aqua brought her lips as close as she could allow, just beyond the corner, and placed a soft kiss on the bottom of his pillowy cheek. Heat's face instantly darkened and turned as red as his nose. Steam shot out of his ears, his hair flaring up ever so slightly, but she'd hardly noticed anything beyond the tender flesh against her lips. Oh how she wished they'd been alone. The siren drew back reluctantly and slid the envelope back into her bodice before picking the neglected animal back up. \"A-ah well..I'm glad you liked it heh..I didn't realize you'd store it there..b-but yeah..heh toys..and..and things heh\" Heat turned back to the broken pile, a big grin plastered on his rosy face. At Shocky's station, several of the elves watched the display. A brunette gasped. \"Look at him, he's practically ogling her! Those Miser brothers are despicable\" At this Shocky paused. Across the room, pressed as close together as could be, the pair leaned into one another, engaged in quiet playful conversation. Green eyes sparkled through lowered lids, smoldering at the large fire haired man. \"I uh...my sister doesn't look at people that way\" Heat smiled at her through the blush. \"Heh heh...well uh..in that case would you like to have cocoa with me before we take off? heh…\" Aqua's smile widened. \" I thought you'd never ask. I'd love to have cocoa with you before you take off \" Ginny's companion glanced at the woman, leaning in to whisper in her ear. \"Maybe she's right, looks like Aqua is flirting with him big time, maybe he's not like his brother\" \"Yeah I mean she wait what\" Shocky faltered. Not like his brother? Snow chuckled under his breath before singing, rather obnoxiously \" Heat and Aqua sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G First comes love then comes marriage, then comes a baby in a baby carriage!\" Heat scowled at him for a moment, averting the gaze to his feet with embarrassment. Aqua placed a hand on his back. \"You might want to think twice about that song, it just might happen to you you know\" The winter elemental paused for a moment, greeted by the \"oohing\" of the other workers in the room, before answering her with a casual shrug. \"At least..uh...I'm smooth as ice with the ladies\" Shocky stood there stunned. Blood turned to ice in her veins, the words repeating themselves like an echo chamber. \"… Smooth as ice with the ladies\" \"… with the ladies\" The world went on, but time stood still for Shocky. The tall Miser winked at her, but her blank green eyes stared unseeingly at the hardwood floor. Elves mused about the revelation, claiming they knew he was flirting with her, but she never heard any of it. She hadn't realized she had stopped breathing until she heard Ginny's voice from far away \"You're right! those Miser Brothers are despicable!\" She had to leave. Shocky dropped the brush and stumbled her way out of the factory. They exchanged words, but the fight was garbled, drowned out by the awful revelation sinking into her gut. Of course he was a flirt. Completely oblivious to the anxious eyes following her out, she slipped through the doors and vanished into the mahogany corridor. Snow raised his hands in a panic, his words rushed. \"No no! it was just a joke that's my schtick I joke around a lot, the only lady I'm smooth with is my mother.\" Ginny scoffed. \"Ha! If that's your idea of a joke then you need a better gig!\" She knew better than to trust the Miser brothers . She wouldn't put it past either of them to lie to her friends. \"We're sorry we're so despicable\" Heat rose and stepped away from Aqua's touch and with that, they too slipped out into the corridor. The curvy fae stood stunned, filled with shock and dread as she watched the pair disappear. She'd never wanted him to suffer the consequences for his brother's actions. Sending a third party was low . Aqua gave only a moment's pause before hitching up her skirts and marching after them. \"…Wait\" The brothers slowed down when they heard her voice. She continued. \"I'm… sorry about what happened out there. These people have known us for virtually our entire lives. They mean well, but sometimes they… react harshly because they've known us for so long.\" Her eyes briefly flickered up to the winter elemental, glinting with something sharp before averting her gaze to the floor, stomach churning as she continued on at a low murmur. \"Ginny became defensive because… she saw the way my sister looked at you.\" The way she looked at him… The wind left Snow Miser's lungs. He scrambled to string a sentence together, biting back the panic and despair settling in his gut. \"L-look Aqua, they're right. We're a nuisance… and destructive. That's how we've always been..\" Their behavior certainly wasn't gracious and as it was, Aqua was already calculating the cost of their damage to the flooring in the factory, let alone the damage to her sister. Heat continued. \"They may not have a reason to be cruel and they might not know they're being cruel, because to them we've been nothing but mean to everyone.\" \"It's all they know us as…\" Snow finished sadly. She raised her head to greet him with a piercing stare. \"If you're getting this reaction often, that means there's probably something you need to change about the way you act. If you haven't noticed, putting girls down isn't exactly popular with polite society.\" Snow's frown deepened, heart sinking a little more. He'd forgotten all about that remark he'd made those hours ago… … And who it affected . Why did he say that? \"You're right, I'm…I shouldn't have said that. I'm sorry.\" He grabbed his face with a groan. Aqua placed a hand on her hip. \"Apologizing to me is only the first step\". She glanced at Heat, who stood awkwardly by, eyes averted to the floor. With a sad frown, she reluctantly turned on her heel and headed back inside. Out of the corner of his eye, he watched the skirts swirl around her ankles. They both had completely ruined everything. His step brother's voice distracted the fire elemental from the ache as he spoke to no one in particular. \"I think I totally blew it with Shocky, if I could just apologize…\" Snow nodded wordlessly, setting out to canvass the place, leaving Heat alone with the growing despair. Heavy boots clicked urgently along the wooden floors, taking Snow on a tour of the house. Where was this mystery girl he had yet to learn so much about and so much to confess to? The kitchen was full of trays and bowls and freshly baked cookies, but no inhabitants to be found. A particularly sweet elf with strawberry blonde hair offered only a suggestion and concern. She was quite fond of blanket forts and liked to hide in them when she was upset, but as it turned out, had never been this upset before. Following the suggestion, the godling made his way to the hall of bedrooms, stopping in front of largest one- the room he and his step sibling would be sharing with the girls. The thought caused condensation underneath his navy gloves as he cleared his throat, preparing for the impending conversation. When he opened the door, however, he was greeted only with the sound of a crackling fire in the hearth. On either end of the room sat two beds, one neatly made, the other completely disheveled. His heart skipped a beat when his eyes rested on the mess. On the exposed mattress sat an all too familiar blue envelope. She'd read his note. He quickened his pace, racing past the empty living room. Halfway to the stables, he nearly missed her. A petite girl sat huddled on a quilt underneath a well decorated Christmas tree, her form cleverly hidden from sight by the shade of the pine needles and the fabric draped along the branches. With a deep sigh, he carried forward. Heavy shoes crunched the freshly fallen snow, the sound becoming wetter as he approached. Partially melted? He could almost sense the trepidation in the air as he drew closer, like the heaviness before a lightning strike. He sat down beside her with a hopeful smile. \"I'm sorry, is this your snow bank?\" His voice was velvet, gentle, laced with emotion she couldn't identify. She wasn't angry, but she couldn't face another person the way she was, especially not him. Shocky ducked behind a curtain of hair, willing it to hide the tear stained face beneath. Why him? Why now? \"…Shocky\" She couldn't see beyond the shining locks, but she could feel eyes on her. She mustered all the strength she had to steady her voice as she began to crawl out from under the tree. \"I-I'm sorry, I didn't realize you were- I'll just-\" \"Listen, about what happened back there-\" \"-It's not your fault\" He was a perfect stranger, like a ship passing in the night. It was silly to believe hers would be the only letter he sent. But if it was silly to feel so strongly about a perfect stranger, then why did it hurt so badly to know he was wooing others too? Wasn't that what grownups did? \"No, it is. I blew it out of proportion, I was joking… I didn't realize how you felt about… I'm s…You see I…\" He gripped his head, the apology dying in his throat. \"…You didn't do anything wrong\" She answered quietly. \"I-I'm fine, I just need some time…it's great that you're so popular\" Why was this so hard? Apologizing to Mother had never been so nerve-wracking, and yet here it felt that his fate hung on every word he said. His face grew so heated he could almost feel it melt. \"But that's not it at all! It wasn't like that. I may be Mother's favorite, but… she's my only fan and I'm not as cool as you thought I was…and you're not weak! I was just…the thing is…I didn't know how to…I was trying to be cool so I accidentally on purpose said some stuff wrong and it was stupid but I was trying to get your attention and before that I was really mean to you when I said you needed my help because you're a girl but I didn't mean it …you're the only girl I want to talk to\" Shocky turned her head slightly, exposing just the tip of her round nose. \"I'm… new… to this…It's so hard to talk to you and I never know what to say because…because things are different and I've never felt anything like this before s-so when I get these flurries rushing around inside me, I make up stupid things and I didn't realize it came out that way and I'm…\" He sighed. \"I'm sorry\" Tiny hands grabbed Snow's scarf, yanking him sharply towards the baby faced girl. His heart pounded through his chest, fighting to break free when she fixed her gaze on him through low lidded eyes. He drew closer, curiously, and wiped the trail of tears from her cheek with a trembling thumb. His head spun, her warm breath adding condensation to the trickle running along his drippy hairline.[Chapter 5] \"We're getting close, we really need you Sir. Oh good, you found her!\" The two were startled by the elf's youthful voice. \"Forgive me if I sound insensitive, but there's already so much gone wrong today. I don't think Santa could take it if we started losing his most cherished family\" Snow crawled out from underneath the tree, scarf slipping out of his companion's grip, and offered his hand. \"Well shivering snowballs, we can't leave Santa out in the cold! M'lady\" \"Oh…is he okay?\" Shocky blinked, trying match the their words with the appropriate inflection. Everything felt so hazy and her so sluggish Could they hear it? Did the tone translate properly? When did his hand entwine with hers? She didn't remember moving. The tingling in her spine drowned everything out. \"He's okay, but I think it would be best if this was our little secret\" The elf took Shocky's free hand, tiny fingers curling around a gloved palm. \"Come on love, you'll catch your death out here.\" Snow's hand let go and her heart dropped. \"Okay\" She mumbled, allowing her body to be led back to the factory in uncomfortable silence. The walk to the workshop was short, but felt like a mile as their feet met the resistance of the new fallen snow. A strong full voice greeted them as they reentered the factory \"We're doing really well guys!\" Aqua cheered. Shocky chimed in, struggling to match the bubbly way she used to sound \"We're…gonna…make it! I'll go get the carts-\" \"-Allow me\" Aqua interrupted. \"I can do the grunt work. You stay here and make sure all the inventory is accounted for.\" She jogged towards the door. I'll be back soon guys!\" By the time she had returned, the floor was empty, people congregating in the break hall. The boys smiled at each other and toasted their drinks, each prepared in their preferred way. Heat's smile faltered slightly when he caught sight of Aqua. \"Hey you're back. We can load things up now\" It was more of a statement than a greeting. \"Okay folks, show time, lets get everything moved into the sleigh, then we can rest until tonight!\" Snow added cheerily. \"Are you two all fitted up with your suits?\" \"That we are Bob, they're hanging in our room right now, we won't worry about them until later.\" Heat glanced at Aqua and motioned to the cocoa. \"Enjoy yourselves ladies, you've worked very hard and deserve a rest\" \"That we do!\" She grinned, but he was gone before the words left her lips. She ignored the heavy feeling in her gut as the boys set to work, grabbing armfuls of presents and loading up the cart with them, their minions at the wheel to drive them to the sleigh. Reluctantly, Heat spared a second glance in their direction. \"If you don't drink it up soon...oof...it'll get cold\" Snow laughed. \"Nothin' wrong with cold cocoa, haha!\" They lifted the last present into the next load. Heat hesitated and took a deep breath before making his way over to Aqua. Here went nothing. \"So uh...I got you something FOR christmas Aqua, I'm not sure if you'd like it or not but I finished it earlier, during the destructive part of the day heh…\" He held out a box with a bow on it, wrapping paper bright orange. \"I'm…I'm sorry things got heated earlier. It was inappropriate of me to put you in that position\" Aqua blinked. \"What are you talking about?\" \"Earlier when we were making toys and you… I couldn't help it. I didn't mean to get you all hot and bothered. I'm sorry I messed things up\" The smaller woman grabbed his chin tenderly, light green eyes staring deep into his own, glowing with something warm and foreign. \"Now you look here\" Her voice was quiet, almost a purr, but stern. His heart raced when he felt her clammy thumb made contact with his cheek, just about stopping when she drew closer- filling his nostrils with the scent of salt and seaweed. Her breath tickled his ear as she spoke, setting his nerves on fire. \"You don't have to make assumptions on my behalf\" Her voice dropped to a near sultry whisper. \"If I have a problem with you, you'll know\" She let go of his chin, eyes tracing his features. \"You're fine \" And just as soon as it began, it ended abruptly with her taking the box- exclaiming loud enough for the bystanders to see \"Oh that's thoughtful! ...and really unexpected\" She laughed. \"Aw ha if I'd have known, I would have made you something sooner! …So is this for Christmas or is it one of those \"I want you to open it now\" gifts?\" Heat blinked the fog away and casted a sideways glance down at the smaller fae. He hadn't thought of that. \"Hmm...I'll let you decide, either way I think you'll like it...I'm not a huge christmas guy as you can tell, so I'm kinda lax about everything heh\" \"In that case, I'll save it for your return. It will give me some time to procure a gift for you\" . Her lids lowered, thick lashes sweeping over sparkling eyes, full rosy lips curling into a dreamy smile that took his breath away. \"That way, we'll both have something to cherish\" Red patches crept up his jaw at those words, skin beginning to change to an angry red color. He kicked the ground, hands behind his back. \"Awh now, it's nothin' super special heh…\" \"B-Brother dear! I grabbed one too many gifts here, help me!\" Snow's high Tenor voice called into the room, cutting through the inexplicable tension like a knife. Without another word, the pair rushed over, taking more then half of them off Snow's weakened arms and putting them into the cart. Shocky perked up when she heard the sound, brows furrowed in concern. \"Whoa are you okay?\" Snow nodded. \"Y-yep yep, just not as strong as the big guy right here, so I couldn't carry that many, now I know better…\" \"Not much left eh?\" Heat motioned to the small pile of boxes behind them. \"Not at all! soon that sleigh will be all loaded up and we can relax for a few hours\" \"Speaking of which, sounds like we'll be needing all hands on deck\" Aqua said, locking eyes with her sister Reluctantly, Shocky sauntered over and tripped over her own foot, sending her staggering into Snow with a frightened yelp. \"HEY what's th- oh! oh I'm so sorry.\" She backed up, looking bashfully up at Snow through her lashes, jaw decorated in red patches. Snow reflexively stepped back, maintaining his balance when she collided with him. oh! \"Heh i-it's okay! it's okay\" \"Welcome to Earth, We missed you!\" \"Yes welcome back stranger haha\" Shocky backed up further from the group. \"W-well! It...is Christmas. Eve. We gotta. Stuff lot of to do\" \"Oh right! I forgot that staring at the inventory clipboard is an integral part of Christmas Eve preparation.\" Aqua shook her head in mock solemnity. \"We're sorely lacking boys\" Heat rolled his eyes with a smile as Snow made a clipboard and pencil out of ice and stared at it. \"Not me! haha! I'm working super hard!\" He looked down from his clipboard with a queasy grin. Did she believe him? Did she accept his apology or better yet, forgive him? The elf had interrupted before he had a chance to know. He traced her features, caressing them with his eyes as she stared back at him, transfixed by his smile. Slowly, he reached over and ran his fingers through her bangs as he swept them out of her face. \"There we go, you don't wanna look messy now heh\" Heat turned his attention back to Aqua. \"Well...Since we just had cocoa, how about instead you join me for dinner? if that's alright?\" Aqua shot him a toothy grin \"That's even better!\" Shocky, who had been leaning into Snow's touch, looks to her with a start. \"Oh. Oh! D-don't let her cook though! Her food is worse than an electrical burn\" Aqua looked to Heat with an air of resignation. \"She's not wrong\" \"Oh trust me, I wasn't going to...b-but not because I don't think she should, but because I wanna cook FOR her\" Heat leaned in, excitedly \"You haven't lived until you've had my spicy curry!\" \"And my snow cones are to die for!\" Snow peered down at Shocky. \"…I uh...I got all caught up in this stuff and was unable to give you your gift earlier, but even though the sun is setting, I can still give it to you if you'd like...we'll have to go outside though. \" \"You…have a gift for me?\" Shocky's eyes widened. \"Of course!\" \"Cool! Come on!\" Snow looked to Aqua with a wink, frowning slightly when she ignored it completely. Aqua took Heat's hand and led him out of the room. \"This place is a labyrinth anyway. Took me years to learn my way around.\" Heat followed her, grinning widely as he stared at the hand grasping his. \"Y-yeah labyrinth is for certain heh\" Snow took Shocky's own hand, a slight chill reaching her through the fabric as he led her out the door, this time not letting go.[Chapter 6] Snow took hold of Shocky's hand, the fabric softening the chill rising from beneath. She returned the gesture, buzzing fingers curling around his own palm, the prickling electric currents being absorbed by her own glove. Minutes passed, but she was unaware of them. If only they could stay like this… Finally, they reached a lake in the clearing, untouched by the holiday bustle. Even the music seemed different out here. \"Now… watch this\" Snow dipped his hand into the still water. Not frozen, unsurprisingly, but that all changed when he shook his hand. In a flurry of wind and snow, it froze entirely. \"What? That's so cool!\" She'd watched the other ice elves craft blocks of ice to build their homes, but she'd never seen them freeze entire lakes and never with such a beautiful display of artistry. \"For You Milady\" Shocky looked up at him, gasping softly when she noticed the pair of elegant sparkling white figure skates in his hand. He plopped down into the powder in front of her. \"Foot please.\" Did he…? Her cheeks reddened \"Oh you don't have to…I have…I know how to\" The thought of the man before her demonstrating a proper skate lacing, on skates made from his magic no less, made her squirm. \"…B-but if you want to, okay\" She placed her toes on the tip of her left shoe and slid the nylon clad foot out, lifting it towards Snow. He gingerly took the skate and slid it onto her foot and her heart fluttered. A perfect fit. His fingers wove in and out, binding her slender ankle to the fur lined leather at a speed unlike any lacing she'd seen before, repeating the process with the other foot. Shocky stood up, head tilted as she watched him rise. \"Thank you!…Do..do you want help?\" \"Don't even need to worry\" he purred, pointing to his own boots, lifting one up to reveal a gleaming blade. \"O-okay! …that's really cool\" He walked out onto the ice, holding his hand out to her. \"Come along\" Timidly at first, she moved forward, placing one leg in front of the other. As soon as her feet slid onto the ice, however, a familiar sense of calm washed over her. Shocky's body glided easily along the ice, twisting like a leaf as she spun. Snow smiled at her \"Excellent start! You sure know how to use your feet\" He moved towards her, taking her hand as she slowed. A smirk slowly formed on his face. \"…But let's see if you can put your ice money where that walk is, twinkle toes\" Chills ran down her spine. She ducked her head lightly, looking up at him through her lashes \"I…thought you'd never ask\" Female voices harmonized, carrying across the ice as Shocky took off. She was a champion figure skater , she'd show him. Shocky started off small, singles and doubles, her nimble body pulsing and swaying with the beat of the drum. The electric guitars ran through her blood and for a moment, she forgot everything but the music. She closed her eyes as the wind caressed her face, legs carried by the raw energy of the power ballad. It felt so good to dance on the magic frozen pond. The icy man couldn't help but stare as she weaved and bobbed, shimmying as she ran with the shadows of the night. She had rhythm…and looked good doing it too. He shook his head, ignoring the blush with a steely determination. Shocky ground to a halt when a familiar shapely calf stopped her in her tracks. Her eyes traced up the calf and settled on a smug pale face, spine tingling when he spoke. \"That's good for a beginner but you're still a baby. Let Master show you how it's done\" Snow stuck his tongue at her as he slid past, secretly pleased with himself. The music continued on and he began his demonstration, long curvy body twirling and bouncing, hips wiggling teasingly as he showed off his fancy footwork to the girl standing before him. Fingers twitched, bringing snowmen alive to do tricks behind him on the ice. He liked to be competitive, but something felt different this time. Suddenly, being the best wasn't so important anymore. Shocky bit her lip, cheeks darkening as she propelled herself forward, gloved hands latching onto his waist as she moved with him. His eyes widened, freezing in surprise as she stared up at him with determined eyes. Those big twinkling eyes. Such a bold gesture from such a seemingly quiet girl… she really was full of surprises. Snow unlatched one of her hands and sent her twirling across the ice- but not before she snagged his scarf, wrapping it around her as she batted her lashes at him. With a sly amused smile, he charged towards her, grabbing her and lifting her into the air, holding her like that for a minute before slowly letting her back down. As the ballad faded, a new voice rose into the air. \"Come on Christmas, please take me away...\" His words were a soft murmur as the pair of them slowed, she reaching up and gently placing the scarf around his neck. \"Well…shall we?\" Snow moved toward her, face flushed with color as she spun, body pulsing with the ebb and flow of each rotation. A hand rose into the air, bringing snowflakes on a gentle breeze. The wind tousled Shocky's hair as she approached him, silver slivers fluttering around them like confetti. She could hear her pulse beating rhythmically in her pointed ears. The ice was her home, everything she was, but this…this was something entirely new. She had never skated with a boy before…and especially not like this. For a long moment, she circled around Snow and he mirrored her. Shocky watched as the Elemental twirled around her, admiring the graceful turn of his limbs. Such artistry. The fae ignored the weakness in her legs as she pushed herself backward. Showtime. A seemingly lazy kick of the leg later, the mystery girl was high above the ice, bright green hair glittering in the sunlight. The world below her spun again and again and again, but this time she knew it wasn't in her head. The Miser watched, dumfounded as his petite partner launched herself into the air. The Triple Axel. She knew more than just how to use her feet. Much more. She was an ice princess! Maybe she could be… his …ice princess. Panic shot down Shocky's spine as her leg bucked, sending her crashing into the ice. Her heart sank as they were both jarred back to earth. The jump was underrotated, her perfect chance was ruined. She braced herself on the ice, preparing to roll to her feet. She'd just have to try it again. And again. And again. She had nailed it before, she knew how- A slender hand extended itself to her. The two of them could be unstoppable as a team. An eager crowd gathered at the edge of the makeshift rink, eyes wide as they took in the sight before them. Real dancers were performing on their ice. They were made for each other, they fit like a glove. Suddenly, Snow pulled Shocky towards him and when he cupped his hand around her cheek her heart leapt. The elf's face burned once again as he drew close to her, nose brushing against hers. His skin was cold, the smell of peppermint rising from his body. Snow couldn't deny the thrill he felt when his free hand found its way to her waist. The perfect excuse. What he hadn't been prepared for was the alluring look she greeted him with. \"Snowy\" she breathed, lips just barely brushing against his own. He shuddered softly, his heart skipping a beat at the touch. Mrs. C called him that. He gazed longingly into Shocky's eyes, his reedy voice a whisper. \"Sparky\" He closed his mouth, swallowing a breath, and slowly pulled away. Did she even want him to finish this? No sooner could he finish the thought than a familiar chant broke the spell…complete with choreography. \"Snow and Shocky sitting in a tree K-I-S-S-I-N-G First comes love, Then comes marriage, Then comes a baby in a baby carriage!\" The juvenile creatures scattered with maniacal laughter as the pair looked on with a pout. Snow's eyebrows furrowed. \"…Well..now I can see how immature I was being earlier…\" He sighed. \"Man don't they know how to kill the mood.\" Shocky giggled breathlessly. \"I-I'll bet know I why they came out here though\" She briefly stole a glance at him before fixing her gaze on her shoulder. \"They're j-just a silly dance group anyway…\" She looked back up at him, eyes silently pleading. \"…They're gone now\" Snow's face darkened at these words, drawing a deep breath as he leaned ever so slowly inward. His stomach burned, pulses charging through his spine, tickling his nerves like tiny lighting bugs. The delicate fae stared up at him, snowflakes settling in her hair like glitter. Was that spark from her? He tilted his head slightly as his lips came dangerously close to her own, legs threatening to buckle under his weight. Without a word, Shocky hoisted herself up onto her toe picks, nearly closing the distance between them and filling his nostrils with the scent of vanilla buttercream, an arm wound tightly around his waist. The corner of his mouth twitched slightly as he moved closer. Shocky's breath hitched when she felt a pair of soft cool lips pressed against her cheek. So close, but yet so far. He pulled away as if finished, leaving her desperate and bewildered when, without warning, he leaned in and firmly pressed them against hers. The elemental pulled her closer as she eagerly took his smooth wintry lips in her own, sucking gently on them. Silky and warm, better than he'd ever imagined. The faintest hint of something sweet reached the tip of his tongue. Cake? He hardly noticed when her body melted against his, leg kicking up instinctively. After a moment he pulled away, opening his eyes halfway to look at her from under his own lashes. \"W…woww...heh..\" Shocky stared adoringly up into his heavy lidded eyes, echoing his words breathily. \"Heh heh y-yeah\" \"..Merry Christmas Shocky…\" He smiled longingly at her. Snow gently licked his lips a little before pulling further away, placing distance between them once again, sending Shocky back up onto her toe picks, and down onto the centers of her blades- the force sending her gliding backwards. Her eyes widened as he spoke. \"Anything else you'd like? besides me of course\" Snow Miser, still grasping one of Shocky's hands, skated toward the edge of the pond with her, chuckling at the flustered girl pulling them both t the edge of the ice. He raised his free hand, conjuring a bench made of solid ice before them. \"Then how about we get these skates off for now.\" In one swift motion, he swept her off her feet and into his arms as he carried her to the bench. Shocky smiled past him, gaze fixating on the ground below. \"Y-yeah that's a good idea…\" She added coyly. \"I mean we wouldn't wanna wear you out before tonight and stuff\" The deity set her down onto the bench, fingers lingering on the laces this time. Slowly, he removed each boot and slipped her thin shoes back on How she managed to get around in those was a mystery, he'd need to get her some better footwear. \"There we go my dear! all back to normal~ h-heh\" Shocky reached up and touched a hand to his cheek before springing to her feet. \"Aw thank you!\" Snow gave Shocky a goofy lopsided grin. He was sure it looked uncool…but not so sure she cared. \"Well it's getting close to that time, shall we head inside and see how everyone's doing?\" ","Summary":" It felt like an eternity that they had been traveling, engulfed in darkness and battered by the rag"},{"Movie":"Year Without a Santa Claus","Title":"Winter Storm (Re-upload)","Author":"PurpleSketch","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13140894","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (Note: I had to re-upload this because I couldn't log into my old account. I plan to continue updating this. Albeit slowly. Sorry for the wait.) December again. The time where the cold would slowly start to devour most of the United States. It was Snow's favorite time. People yearning for a white Christmas and Mister White Christmas himself was more than happy to provide that. At least, he tried to. His stepbrother would use all his power to stop that every year. His stepbrother prided himself to be known as Mister Green Christmas. As you may have figured out by now they were complete opposites. Essentially, both were in control of the weather; however, Snow commanded the cold while his stepbrother manipulated the heat. Both fighting to get their preferred temperature. That's how this month started. With their normal dispute, which ended with a fight, about the current weather. Snow was gaining more and more states as they got closer to Christmas time. He wouldn't be surprised if he managed to grab Tennessee this year. It's a vigorous fight... or it was. Until there was no fighting whatsoever. \"This is channel eight news reporting heavy snow showers throughout the day. We're looking at getting about 15 inches of snow. Schools have been canceled today. We caution people driving home from work to drive slowly. It appears there have already been a few wrecks down I-40. We'll keep you updated as the day progresses. Back to you Tom.\" The press of a button and the channel switches, \"There's been reports of heavy snowfall which have completely covered roads. We recommend that individuals stay home to-\" Once again the channel is quickly changed, \"It is a new record in our area. We have gotten 35 inches of snow and it looks like it won't be stopping anyt-\" \"Ice has begun to form on several main streets. We have reports that they are attempting to salt the roads as quickly as possible. This snowstorm was a surprise for the south. This is actually the first time it has snow since th-\" \"- Recommend that you stay indoo-\" \"- Record-breaking sno-\" \"I've never seen a storm like this one-\" The TV was shut off. Snow Miser was actually stunned. He was thrilled with the weather that was taking over most of the continent but... but, he would hate to admit it, he was a little concerned with his brother. He would NEVER go down without a fight. So, why wasn't he stopping the snowfall in the southern territories? Snow sat on his ice thrown in a daze. Glancing to his left, one of his devoted minions awaited Snow's commands, \"Minion increase the snowfall and start to push it more towards the south. I'm interested to see how much we can cover this year. In the meantime, I'm going to pay my brother a visit. Let me know if any trouble pops up,\" Snow commanded as he got up from his throne. \"Yes, sir! We won't let you down,\" The minion said as he gave a quick salute. The salute was missed by Snow. He wasn't paying attention to his minion as he walked passed him. He was trying to think of reasons why his little brother would be acting so peculiar. There was that one time when Heat actually got sick from Snow propelling an icicle at him. It was funny at first until he saw how ill his brother got. Snow refused to leave his side until Heat could manage to get himself out of his own bed. So, maybe he got sick again? What could have gotten him sick though? He summoned a winter wind, that gently picked him up, and blew him towards his brother's palace. Hopefully, it was just a joke and nothing more. He was undeniably worried. Snow caught site of the volcano that his brother lived in. He landed right outside his brother's door. The entrance, into the volcano, was resting on a craggy ground that had lava pits scattered about. Snow shook his head. Stupid heat. He turned his attention back to the elegant door. Close to the rim of the door was complicated symbols. They were carved in gold, reflecting the lava's light. Surrounding the edge of the door was the same gleaming gold. Snow had to admit his brother had an aptness for the dramatic. Instead of barging in, like expected, he knocked on the door. No answer. He tried again. No luck. He grabs the door's handle and takes a breath before turning the knob. He opens the door and is bewildered at the picture before him. Heat's minions were running around like a teenager who lost their phone. Lights were flashing on several consoles. The minions were desperately trying to fix the dilemma but it looked like they weren't making any progress. What was even more strange was the fact that Heat was nowhere to be seen. Not even on his throne where he would be shouting out orders. None of Heat's minions noticed Snow as he walked into the room. The heat was extremely uncomfortable for Snow. He didn't want to linger too long. Sometimes the heat could cause some negative side effects on his well being. Looking around he grabs the minion closes to him. You could hear the sizzle of the cold meeting the heat on the poor minion's body. The little guy cried out in pain as he quickly grabbed his arm back from Snow. His face changed from frustration to surprise. He jumped back a couple of feet. Wanting to put as much distance from himself and Snow as possible. Before the minion could run away Snow began to speak, \"Hey hey! Wait one second. Where's the hot-head? I've noticed a lack of effort on his part recently. Not that I'm complaining or anything. I'm just curious is all,\" Snow said with a flash of a smile. The minion looked around himself as he saw his fellow workers rushing around. He looked back at Snow with a sad expression, He stuttered out, \"We... we don't know...\" while he avoided Snow's eyes. The little minion began to stare at the floor while he squirmed under Snow's intense gaze. \"Uh... haha. Okay very funny. No seriously. Where is the little fireball? Don't tell me he's sick again. Is that it? He's just flustered about being under the weather again. That would be twice in one year. Which is very rare for us you know,\" Snow replied while folding his arms and standing as tall as he can. That had to be it. Ha! His little brother was so fragile. \"Ummm... no s-sir. We really have no idea where he is,\" The minion told Snow with a confused expression on his face. Snow just stared. Didn't know where he's at? How could you not know where Mister Sun himself was? Snow looked around again, seeing the damage. Of course, Heat would never let anything like this happen. This looked like a complete disaster. \"Okay, I'm go-\" when Snow looked back, after observing the damage, the little minion was already gone. Probably went to try and help control the mess. Snow sighed. Well, he knew of someone he could ask but he really preferred not to. His body shivered with the thought. He didn't know where else to go though. Heat could be anywhere at this point. Snow took one last glimpse of the surrounding fiasco and left the sound of alarms behind. Once again summoning a cold wind to carry him to his next destination. Visiting his mom. Mother Nature herself.[Chapter 2] Snow landed gently on a patch of grass, which quickly froze over with frost. He made his way closer to his mother's little house. Making sure to walk only on the old rock pathway. Mother wouldn't want her place to be covered with ice. It's been a while since he visited mother. She'll definitely be agitated with Snow for the lack of visits. Snow was preparing himself. Ah, home sweet home. The house was planted on fresh green grass. It had flowers of all colors everywhere, tall trees, little animals scampering about. The little critters ran away from Snow as they felt his frigid being. The house was small but it had greenhouses behind it. Mother always wanted to be close to her earth. Snow was nervous. Sure, Heat always claimed that Mother liked Snow the best, but Snow was not convinced. He considered Heat to be her favorite. Heat will always be her little baby boy, while Snow was in charge of looking after said brother. That was part of the reason the why he was nervous. He was in charge of watching his little brother. He should have known something was amiss sooner than he did. Before Snow knew it he was standing outside his Mother's door. He hesitated. A few minutes pass then he lightly knocked on the door. He was mentally preparing himself for his mother's possible rage. The door opened and he quickly threw a smile on his face, \"Hello, Mother dear!\" Snow said with as much enthusiasm as he could muster. \"Oh Snow! What a pleasant surprise! Oh, come in. Feel free to adjust the temperature if you would like,\" Mother said as she went to make some tea. Snow slowly entered the house. He felt a wave of nostalgia. There was a scorch mark still on the wall from one of their fights back in the day. They got in a lot of trouble from that fight. After that, they decided to never use their powers indoors again. Actually, it seemed that the living room hasn't changed much. She still had those cozy blue couches that he loved when he was little. One of the few changes was A TV that hung above the fireplace. She always wanted one and it seems that Mr. Claus brought one to her. Mother Nature wanted to try and bond with the mortals by learning 'human things' from the TV. His Mother may be a force to reckon with, but she was truly compassionate to all creatures. She really liked the humans. Of course, there were a few she wasn't too fond of (some tore her forests down and destroyed her mountains). Mother called out from the kitchen, \"So, how's my icicle doing?\" She always made tea for her guests (ice tea for Snow of course). She didn't give Snow enough time to speak before she returned from the kitchen, and handed Snow a cup of tea while she sat on the opposite couch. She placed her tea on the small coffee table next to her, \"I've seen you've been very busy this December. Snowstorms covering most of the south. Did your brother decide to give them a white Christmas this year? Getting along with you. Such a good boy,\" she smiled. Snow began to fidget. \"Oh no. What's wrong Snowflake?\" Mother asked concerned. \"It may be nothing,\" Snow said with a forced smile. \"I know my boys and I can see you're worried about something,\" Mother said while she looked into Snow's eyes. At this point, Snow knew he shouldn't be intimidated by her. It's his mom and she was worried about him. Wait till she hears about his step brother though. He looked at his mom and asked, \"Have you seen the Fireball anywhere... he didn't agree to all this snow. Heck, he wasn't even home trying to stop me. It was a disaster at his place. I don't know where he's at and... and I'm worried,\" Snow said the last part in almost a whisper, he covered his face with his hands, but Mother heard him. \"Oh my little Snowflake, I'm sure he's alright. Let me try and find him with my orb. Come with me,\" Mother Nature stood up and grabbed Snow's hand. He placed his tea on the coffee table. Snow didn't resist his mother's pull. He started to feel calmer. 'Of course, Mom is right. He's fine.' Snow kept thinking to himself. They went through a couple of hallways until they entered a circular green room. It was covered with vines and flowers. In the center was a little pond. There was a modest bridge that leads to a mound in the heart of the pond. On top of that mound was a pillar holding an orb. Vines rapping themselves all around the pillar, but none had touched the orb itself. They crossed the small bridge together, Snow noticed that there was colorful fish that glided through the tranquil water. In fact, there was plenty of animals that took shelter here. Birds flew and built nests, squirrels climbed the vines, butterflies, fireflies, and foxes. It was beautiful. In Snow's opinion, it would look even better with some snow. He and his brother were never allowed in this room when they were little. And he knew that was a good decision on his mother's part. They stood around the orb. Mother lifted her hands and placed them on the orb. The orb began to swim with colors. It started to glow which caused some animals to hide. It added various colored lights that would sweep around the walls and floor. \"Show me my little Sunshine,\" Nature commanded. The orb reacted to her voice. Colors shifted around. For some reason, it was extremely blurry. They both could only make out a blue-ish room. In the center was Heat. He looked like he was unconscious. His usual fiery hair that displayed warm light was now dull. It was barely glowing. \"He looks cold... HE LOOKS COLD!\" Snow yelled. No no no no he can't stand extremely cold weather. It slowly sucks his fiery life from him. Snow began to panic. \"Oh no no no, whatarewegoingtodo?\" Snow was talking so fast that Mother Nature had a hard time keeping up with him. She quickly pulled him in a tight hug. She could feel wet tears on her shoulder. She doubted that Snow was even aware that he was crying. She slowly rocked him back in fourth. \"It's okay, Snowflake. We'll find Sunshine,\" she said. Snow could hear the distress in her voice. She's worried for Heat too. She can't lose either of them. She can't lose her rays of Sunshine. Heat's the warmth that you find in the world. Most people don't think of that when considering the Heat Miser. He was a hot-head and could easily be agitated. It's the reason why Heat doesn't really have tons of friends... 'They' call him Heat Miser. Unlike Snow whose friends called him Snow Miser. But Heat possessed a kind heart hidden under that false exterior. He didn't like to show it a lot. He's always worried what the other elements would think of it. But Snow had seen it. Heat not only showed kindness towards some of the elements, but Snow had actually seen him help some humans. Very few elements even cared about the existence of the humans but, surprisingly, not Heat. He was a bit awkward around people but he was fast to warm up to them. Heat's the sun that shines down, he's the sunrise, and most importantly he's Snow's brother. Sure they fought all the time. It did help to keep some balance in the world, but there were a few times where they would act civil to each other. It doesn't happen as much now, but they were sure a lot closer when they were younger. Back when they were learning about their powers and place on this planet. Snow began to recall some very old memories. Memories that he hasn't thought of in millenniums. Snow was older. Obviously, he was born first. Not long after his birth he brought about the ice age for almost 3 million years. It was a very harsh environment. Snow would spend his time spreading ice and snow around the earth. Then one day Mother Nature asked for Snow to visit. He knew that his mom was creating another element, but he didn't know when he would meet his little brother (nor did he know how either of them was made. He should ask mother at some point). When he got there he could see Mother Nature holding a very bright thing. It looked like a flame but upon closer inspection, he could see a tiny being. He was so bright. He still is. Snow remembered the first time Heat ever saw the snow, \"It pretty, brofer,\" Heat had said with a look of awe in his eyes. Snow glowed with happiness. His brother loved his work! He was so excited! \"Can I pway in it?\" Heat asked while looking up at his brother. Snow was only supposed to watch him until Mother Nature returned. She spent a lot of time working around the globe. She never took long. Snow didn't see a reason why not though. He and his brother could have some fun in the snow. He could show him how to ski, or how to make snow forts, or how to ice skate! Oh, it was going to be a blast! \"Sure! Why not? You'll love the snow and ice! We can build a for-\" while Snow was talking little Heat jumped right into a pile of snow. The loud sound of steam, rising from the opposing elements connecting, brought Snow's attention towards his brother. His eye grew large. HE'S FIRE. The water from the snow CAN'T be good for him! Snow was too fired up (Haha fire. Focus Snow!) with the thought of them having fun together that he didn't even consider their contrasting body temperatures. \"HEAT!\" Snow yelled as he dived into the pile and grabbed his brother's small body. His brother felt cold and his body didn't really react to Snow's own icy one. Heat's eye fluttered as he tried to keep them open. Oh no. What was he supposed to do?! Okay okay. Heat was a fire element. So he needed heat. The fireplace at home! \"Hang on Heat,\" Snow whispered while he cradled his brother's shivering frame. Poor Heat. His skin was turning blue just like Snow's. The flames of his hair were now only a dull heartbeat. Snow called a cold wind to carry them up towards their home. Once he landed on the grass he ran as fast as he could into the house. Thankfully the fire was still going within the fireplace. Snow went ahead and laid Heat down into the flames. The flames immediately started to turn Heat's skin to his normal gold. The shivering toddler was now starting to relax. Right at that moment, Mother Nature entered the house. She looked at Snow and saw his unease before she turned her attention to the fireplace. There was her Sunshine. Not as bright as his usual self. Mother Nature knew her children. It didn't take long for her to put together the pieces of the scene in front of her. She walked over and sat next to Snow. She leaned over and picked Heat up. Using her powers she started to continue adding warmth to him. She heard a sniffle and looked over. Snow was the one shaking now. He tried to rub the icy tears from his face. Nature spoke with a soothing tone, \"Snowflake. It's okay. He's going to be alright,\" Snow looked up at her now. She gave him a gentle smile, \"It's probably a good time to talk more about you two. You,\" with one hand she rubbed Snow's, \"And your brother,\" they both looked at Heat, who was sleeping in his mother's arms, \"You both love each other. I know neither of you would want the other to get hurt, right?\" Snow nodded his head and exclaimed, \"Definitely!\" Nature once again smiled. \"Well, I bet you've already noticed it sometimes feels... uncomfortable to touch each other, right? You both are okay right now, but when you get older, and more in control of your powers, you both really need to be careful around each other. You both have very different body temperatures. So it's a bit harder to be in each other's temperatures,\" Mother explained, \"When you grow some more it would probably be best if both of you avoid using your powers around the other,\" She advised, \"When you get older just remember it'll be a bit more difficult to interact with your brother. Not quite yet, but soon both of you will need to control your body temperatures to the middlemost degrees to interact. Don't worry too much about that now,\" She saw Snow looked a little scared. \"Don't worry. You'll pick it up in no time,\" Mother said with confidence. Snow nodded his head while whipping away the tears. \"I'll make sure that he'll be safe mom,\" Snow said with determination in his voice. Mother beamed, \"I know you will,\" Nature pulled Snow close, with Heat still in her arms, she gave him a hug. Hugs happened more often when they were younger. As they got older the rarer these hugs became. When Heat got older he thawed the ice age and huge trees and plants grew. That's when Heat began using his powers. Slowly they began to fight. The weather began to shift between the two until it got split. South was Heats and north was Snow's. Both still fought to push their temperature to the other's territory. Snow shakes his head to focus his mind again. He didn't realize that he was still hugging his mother. He reluctantly let go of her, \"How are we going to find him?\" Snow frowned and started to sulk. He never acts like this, but he has never been this afraid of possibly losing his brother before. Looking at his Mother he could see she was also lost, which terrified him even more. \"First off we should try and ask around. I think Mrs. Claus may be a good start. You go on ahead and find out what's going on. I'll keep using my powers to try and find him.\"[Chapter 3] He landed a few feet from the Clause's residence. In front of the castle, there was some reindeer prancing about. Snow took one step and crunched some snow beneath his foot. The reindeers heads whipped over to see Snow advancing. They knew what he was capable of. So, wisely, the reindeer quickly flew away. Snow chuckled to himself. They crossed his path one too many times he guessed. They got lucky every time. He paused for a bit, enjoying the cold, before progressing to the castle. He knew he was going to cause some panic among the residents. Of course, the Clauses wouldn't be intimidated by him. It was the elves and gnomes who would be running in fear. Walking through the snow and approaching the castle he got a good look at it. It's been years since he last saw it. It never seemed to age. It still looked as new as the day it was built. Strolling up to the wooden door, decorated with the clause's signature red, he knocked a couple of times before waiting. He noticed that the spot he knocked on started to form frost on it. The door was opened by a small chubby elf with a hat that jingled. He took one look at him before letting out a yelp and slamming the door shut. Rude. Snow thought. He tried again, \"One mo- mo- moment, please,\" the elf nervously spoke as Snow heard his footsteps scurry away. \"Wow. Don't bother to invite me in, icicle,\" Snow grumbled under his breath. Of course, he preferred to be left in the cold rather than inside. Still, where was his etiquette? He opened his entire castle for them whenever they visited. Whatever. It doesn't matter. Heat matters. He was jostled out of his thoughts when the doors swung open, \"Oh, Snowy! Come in! Come in!\" Mrs. Claus urged as she grabbed his hand to guide him in. He noticed she was wearing enchanted gloves that protected her hands from his powers. It was a little sweet of her to want to actually interact with him. \"The snow has been lovely up here today. I've been a tiny bit concerned with the rest of the world, dear. I hope you haven't seriously hurt your brother,\" she said with concern in her voice. Snow new that she saw first hand how... um... intense their fighting could get. Heat tried to kill her husband before... on multiple occasions. Yet she never seemed to hold a grudge against him for it. \"Oh, I just tease. I would never actually cause any real harm to him,\" Snow tried to reply nonchalantly. Although, he was slightly offended by her implications. She gently tugged him to a dining room. Setting him down at a chair before she ran to the fireplace to put the fire out. She opened a few windows for him too. \"Thanks, buttercup. I appreciate the welcome,\" Snow said with a flash of a smile. \"No problem, dear. Now, what can I help you with? I'm assuming it has something to do with your brother, Heat Miser?\" Snow fidgeted in his chair a bit. \"Have you... seen him anywhere recently?\" Snow asked slowly. He was praying that she would have seen him and his anxieties could be put to rest. \"Sorry. I have not. Although, I bet Santa caught a glimpse of him somewhere. He's been taking the reindeer out and about around the world. Making sure they're ready for Christmas and pulling his heavy sleigh,\" Mrs. Claus replied. You could hear a hint of concern in her voice. She did care about the miser brothers. She also knew how dangerous they could be as well. \"He should be back soon. He's been gone for a wh-\" Mrs. Claus was interrupted by a soft knock on the door. \"Excuse me for one second,\" Mrs. Claus informed. \"Take your time, sugar cake,\" snow replied. She walked over to the door and opened it. There was a more slender elf standing at the door. Snow noticed that his hat bell seemed to jangle. \"Mrs. Claus, Santa has returned,\" Jangle said with a goofy smile. His smile didn't last long when he noticed Snow Miser in the room. Jangle started to shake a bit. He stopped when Mrs. Claus put a hand on his shoulder, \"Thank you, Jangle. I'll go see him right now,\" Mrs. Claus said with a gentle voice. Jangle, noticeably calmer now, replied, \"No problem, Mrs. C,\" Jangle saluted before walking away. Snow stood up. He was eager to speak with Santa. He always did like him. He brought winter cheer along with Christmas. He approached Mrs. Claus, \"Lead the way, blue Jay\" He felt cold. He wasn't used to this extreme temperature. It was so hard to think clearly in these conditions. He could think of one thing he undoubtedly knew. He despised the cold. Normally his anger would have heated him up by now, but he was still cold. It was dark too. Dark and cold. Wait. Heat just noticed that his eyes were closed. Slowly he brought himself to open his eyes. It took so much energy from him. It looked like he was in a freezer. No. A reinforced room that was kept in sub-zero temperatures. Someone was trying to keep him here and sedated. Well, Mr. Sun wasn't going to stay here. He put all his might into standing up. He let out a low growl while he leaned against the wall. Glancing around the room he spotted the reinforced door. He felt deep within him for the fire he knew he had. It was a lot harder to find than normal but he felt it. He slowly brought it to his fingertips. His legs became weak while he focused his power. He slowly slid to the ground again, but he refused to let the building fireball in his hand to be snuffed out. Gritting his teeth he finally managed to form a large fireball that he immediately chucked at the door. The door blew open. Leaving a huge burnt mark on the wall where the door was. The room began to warm a bit after that. Heat began to grin. Pulling himself up he moved towards freedom. Alarms started to blare. A voice spoke up over an intercom, \"Code blue. Weapon 4's cell failure. Backup required,\" Weapon? Did they want to use Mr. Green Christmas as a weapon? The power of the sun in some dangerous human's hands... oh. That's not good. Heat thought. \"How did they even get me here?\" Heat thought out loud. He reached the door with his power growing stronger by the minute. He can worry about the details later. He was leaving. He stepped through the door and notices that he was now in a long white hallway with multiple reinforced doors scattered about. One of them had a window. Curiously Heat looked inside. One of his minions was shaking inside. \"Oh hell no!\" Heat snarled. No one will ever hurt his children! He smashed the door open. The tiny minion flinched before pushing himself into a corner. The poor thing was terrified. \"Hey. Shhhhh, it's okay. Its Heat Miser. You're going to be okay now,\" heat said soothingly. He gently picked up his minion and coddled him. Looking at him he knew his name was Flame. Heat knew every minion's name. He cared about every single one of them. Although, he tried to hide it. He doubted he was fooling his minions. \"Is there anyone else here,\" heat asked. Flame shook his head no as he snuggled up against Heat's warm. Heat decided to do a quick check of the other rooms just in case. He used his power to glide through the hall. Checking each door he passed. Some contained different ray guns, others held strange humans, and a few of them held deformed creatures that Heat had never seen before, but Flame was right. No other minions were about. Heat felt bad that Flame was in this situation. He has to ask him about this later. Got to get out of here. Heat started to blast holes into wall after wall until he caught a glimpse of natural light. Relief filled him but it was short lived. He was hit by something freezing that significantly hurt him. The hole was big enough for Flame to fit through. He sat and squeezed him through, \"Find help,\" was all he managed to say after being hit again and again and again before Heat collapsed. Darkness taking him once more.[Chapter 4] ( Author's Note: I apologize for this short chapter. I wanted to post something for Christmas but I also wanted to spend today with my family. Anyways, I hope you enjoy it .) Snow could hear the bells from Santa's sleigh as it landed. He had a strong urge to run to the front door and demand to know Heat's location. Of course, he knew he needed to get his emotions in check before he did some real damage. He was already frosting the walls and floor as he passed. Mrs. Claus could easily see his distress. She started to walk faster to help ease Snow's agitation. They passed several elves who immediately dashed away. They would definitely prefer to not be a frosted mess after Snow moved by. Finally, they arrived at the red doors. Before they could even reach for the handle the doors flew open. Santa Claus himself was standing in the doorway. Several elves were crowded behind him. They must have warned him of Snow's presence. \"Snow Miser! What can I help you with?\" Santa asked. He seemed tired from his journey but he refused to be intimidated by Snow. \"Snowy wanted to know if you've seen his brother recently,\" Mrs. Claus said. She didn't trust Snow to speak at the moment. After he calmed down a bit then he could address Santa. \"Heat Miser?\" Santa said as he scratched his whiskers, \"You know I did see him recently. About a week ago,\" Santa mused. Before anyone could actually do anything Snow Miser grabbed Santa's coat and lifted him off the ground. Miraculously, he managed to only frost the coat. He was surprised himself that he was able to manage what little restraint he had at the second. \"WHERE? WHERE DID YOU SEE HIM?\" Snow practically yelled. He felt a gentle hand placed on his shoulder. Glancing to it he noticed it was Mrs. Claus. She didn't look scared. Just... just sad. Seeing her like that snapped Snow back to reality. He gently placed Santa back on the ground. Santa let out a tired sigh. He wasn't frightened either. Just exhausted. He dealt with the Miser brothers enough to know how emotionally charged they could be. \"I saw him in Tennessee. It appeared like he was checking on his territory. At least, that's what I thought. Why? Is there something wrong?\" Santa asked with a confused look on his face. \"He's... he's missing,\" Snow said with a lump in his throat. Santa gave one look at Mrs. Claus and she gave him the protective gloves. He reached over and slid them on. He walked up to Snow and did not hesitate to give Snow a hug. At least as much of a hug he could give without freezing to death. Snow smiled at the gesture, \"Thanks,\" Snow rubbed his eyes. Determined to not cry. \"I should check on my palace before heading over to find him. I bet my minions are a tad worried,\" Snow said with a guilty smile. He really should have checked on them sooner. They're probably a disaster currently. \"Well, we shouldn't keep you then. Listen, if you ever need to you can stop by and visit. Our home is opened to everyone,\" Santa said with a twinkle in his eye. He really was a sweetheart. \"The same for you and my castle,\" Snow said as he started to call a cold air to lift him away. The Clauses waved Snow goodbye as he flew towards his home. Snow settled outside his home. Well, the castle wasn't on fire. That's a good sign. Laughing to himself he walked up to the icy doors before shoving them open. He saw his minions were obviously distressed, but they were doing a great job at holding it together. Snow waltz in with a huge grin. Ah, the cold. He couldn't get enough of it. He stopped in his tracks when he saw a fire in the corner of the room. He was about to have a raging fit until he noticed a shivering little heat minion. One of Snow's minions ran up to him and quickly saluted. \"We think we've solved the Heat Miser trouble, sir,\" his minion stated. Snow barely acknowledged him as he rushed over to his brother's minion. The minion recoiled from Snow. Seeing this, Snow decided it was best to keep some distance between the two of them. He knew that seeing your leader's archrival could be very alarming. Raising his arms in a non-threatening gesture Snow gentle said, \"I'm not here to hurt you. To be honest, you already look like a mess,\" Snow tried to lighten the mood. He failed miserably. The little minion looked like he was about to burst into tears. \"Hey, chill. It's okay. Where's Heat at?\" Snow asked. The tiny minion wiped his eyes as he shakily spoke up, \"Y-12. The government facility. They tricked him into thinking you were around there. Trying to take over his territory again,\" \"Why? What do they want from him?\" Snow questioned. \"His power. The sun's power. They could use him as a weapon if they could harness his energy... I don't know if they've figured it out yet,\" the minion said. \"They started tests on me before they tried anything with Heat. They may have started the serious tests now,\" the minion started to panic. \"Get Heat's minion home,\" Snow commanded one of his own minions. \"I'm bringing my brother home,\" he said with a cold look in his eyes. Heat was trapped within a spherical cage which was connected to a large ray gun. The gun was attempting to suck Heat's power from him. Heat was trying to fight it with all his strength but he knew he was slowly losing. He wasn't sure how much longer he could hold out. He hoped Flame made it home safely. Another sharp pain overtook his body. He growled as he tried to melt his prison again. He wasn't going down without a fight.[Chapter 5] Tennessee was covered in snow. Not entirely unusual for certain parts of the state, but still a surprise to most. The only spot that had green grass was the Oak Ridge area. Y-12's location. Heat barely managed to melt the ray gun. That was the third one and he was still freezing. He couldn't help but smirk at the humans wearing protective gear. They kept testing different devices on him and each time he foiled them. He started to melt the walls of his prison once again. He could see one of the humans face-palm. They were having trouble keeping him contained. Good. He wasn't going to make anything easy for them. Especially after what they did to poor Flame. The thought of them experimenting on him added more fuel to Heat's rage. \"We need to reinforce the walls... again. Turn down the temperature. Get the experimental ice mixture ready,\" the head scientist demanded. \"A... are you sure? We don't know how low of a temperature he can actually survive in...\" one of the scientists pointed out. \"Well, we can't let him go. We went through the trouble catching him and we will keep him. HE'S MINE!\" the head scientist shrieked. Some humans, in armor, entered Heat's room with guns. Heat immediately pulled flames into his hands. Ready for a fight. A button was pushed on a keyboard in the scientist's room. Causing a huge pile of snow to fall onto Heat. Immediately putting out his flames and successfully subduing him. One of the armored men ran to Heat and pulled out a syringe filled with a special cold substance. He shoved it into Heat's arm. Heat flinch and felt the cold flow through him. He instantly went limb. His body didn't know how to handle the sudden internal temperature change. So, he fell, unconscious, to the ground. The head scientist slowly walked into the room. He marched up to Heat and checked to see if he was still breathing. He was. Lucky him, thought the scientist. \"Test RG3 has failed. Get RG4 prepared,\" the head scientist ordered. The armor men started to move Heat to another room so the current one could get repaired. \"You will bend to my will,\" the head scientist growled at the unconscious elemental. Heat's unconscious mind slowly started to wake and kept replaying a dark memory. Heat was inside his old home on Mother Nature's floating island. It was spring on the island. Flowers of every color bloomed. They had a small pond that had tadpoles in it. Heat was young again. A grade schooler's age to a human. The brothers were still close. Their fallout would happen the following day. Until then, they would never leave each other's side. They knew how to interact without causing the other serious harm. There was still some slip ups here and there, but they had a stronger grasp of their powers. They were waiting for their Mother to return. She was out tending to the earth. So they snuggled together by the window. Watching some birds fly by while they enjoyed each others company. Heat nudged Snow, \"Look! The nest has baby birds in it finally!\" Heat pointed out. The birds were chirping happily. A few of the baby birds were hopping in their twig nest with excitement. One of the baby birds foot got caught on a twig before it fell over the nest and plunged to the ground. It landed on a soft patch of grass. It laid there for a few seconds before trying to fly and failing. Heat had enough. Heat got up and went to the door. He yanked opened the green door and slowly approached the baby bird. Gently he scooped it up and placed it back in the nest. Snow was by his side. Both silently watching the nest. Neither of them knew that the baby bird would be the thing to end their relationship... A winter storm began consuming Tennessee like no other. Some people had trouble leaving their own home because of the snow. It was Snow Miser. He was coming to save his brother and he brought his rage with him. He was supposed to take care of his younger brother. He failed him once. Not again. He landed on one of the buildings' rooftops. Causing it to shatter as it turned to ice. Snow, once in the building, had no idea where to even look for his brother. There was multiple large building scattered about. He stood his full height as he looked around. Just a lot of long white hallways. No human was about. Strange. He cautiously walked down one of the hallways. Leaving a trail of snow behind him. The floor became ice, making it easier for Snow to travel. He slid across the floor as fast as he could. He was trying to feel the air for heat. Not the warm from a heater. No. Pure energy. The source of all heat itself. His brother's heat. It was hard to feel anything but coldness. He normally loved it but now it only caused despair. He couldn't feel him. What if he was too late? He needed to keep his cool. He'll find him. Snow hit a dead end. Great. Well, this building wasn't giving him an aura of his brother's location. Time to move to the next. When Snow turned around he spotted at least twenty armored men standing behind him. Looked like they were all carrying flamethrowers. \"Come with us now. Unless you want to cause your brother harm or worse,\" one of the men, Snow assumed the leader, ordered. Snow was insulted. Only twenty? Really? They underestimated him. Snow slowly raised his arms. Trying to appear vulnerable to them. \"Now, how about we all calm down and chill,\" at that very moment chilly air blew pushing the armor men. The air was strong enough to shove them across the ice, which increased their speed, away from Snow. Snow rushed up to the leader and grabbed the front of his armor. It was burning hot. Snow let out a yelp, as his hand started to sizzle before he swiftly dropped the leader. Snow pulled his injured hand close to his body. Trying to cool it down. He was hoping to question the leader but he needed another method to remove both of them from that hallway. He needed to get away from these lunatics. Before any of them could recover to their feet, Snow called a cold wind to carry him, and his new prisoner, away. He only carried him to another building's roof. Setting the human to the ground he summoned ice to surround him. Leaving him stuck in an icy prison. A smirk slowly spread on Snow's face. He's going to finally get some more concrete answers to his brother's whereabouts. \"Hahaha... HAHAHA!\" the leader looked insane. Snow's smirk ebbed away. This human was nonchalant about his situation. This startled Snow... he subconsciously got into a battle stance. He wasn't going to botch up this rescue. \"Where is my brother?\" Snow growled. His eyes looked colder than the icy vacuum of space. Snow summoned a sharp icicle. It was frowned upon to ever harm a human... but Snow considered this to be an exception. \"I honestly have no idea. I've only seen the beast a couple of times. Both times in completely different building complexes. I can say one thing. You won't see him again. If you came with us quietly then, maybe, you could have seen him one last time,\" the leader laughed again. Snow's temper was rapidly rising. \"I'll tell you one thing,\" the leader unexpectedly announced, \"He's underground somewhere. Don't think I'm trying to help you though. I'll have every man and woman in the area ready to stop you down there,\" he sneered. Snow lost it. He grabbed the leader, ignoring the pain in his hands, glided both of them to the ground. Moving his hold, Snow grabbed the leader throat while pointing at the frosted ground with his free hand, \"TAKE ME TO THE UNDERGROUND COMPLEXES.\" Snow shouted. The leader only smirked. \"Of course, Mister Snow. I'll take you down there. You should know. You won't come back out,\" Snow rolled his eyes at the last statement. He was tired of this human's attitude. Snow took off his scarf and tied it around the human's wrists. Grabbing the tied wrists, he yanked the leader forward. \"Show me the way.\" Heat Miser stirred a little but he was still forced to witness one of his worst memories... ...The next day, Snow was sick. He spent too much time in the warm temperatures outside. He was having problems controlling his base temperature. So, unfortunately, Heat couldn't really interact with him. Although, when they were waiting for their mother once more, they decided to watch the birds together again. They noticed that the same baby bird fell from its nest. This time Snow went outside to pick it up. They both knew that Snow shouldn't be outside. \" HEAT. CAN YOU HEAR ME?! \" They both knew Snow was sick. Snow reached down and as soon as he touched the bird it froze. It became covered with ice from the inside out. Snow stared at it in shock... he... he killed it. Heat was next to him and he could feel Heat's own body temperatures rising with his anger. \"You killed it... YOU KILLED IT,\" Heat was more than enraged. \"I... I didn't mean to...\" Snow looked horrified. It didn't stop Heat's anger. He shoved Snow. Hurting Snow with his touch. Snow grew angry himself. He didn't mean to. So, why was Heat being a jerk about it? Snow shoved Heat back. Next thing they knew, within thirty minutes, the entire island was covered with ice and fire. When Mother Nature returned her displeasure caused there to be thunder and lightning storms for an entire week. Neither brother ever forgave the other... Heat slowly awoke. He took note of his new prison. Once again it was covered in ice... Heat was too tired to try and get up. He gave a long sigh before contemplating his situation. He was worried about his little minions. Worried about the temperature changes outside, which must be upsetting the balance of things. Worried about the poor little animals trying to survive in an unfamiliar environment... He really missed his brother right now...[Chapter 6] Author's Note: Sorry for the wait. I've moved so I'm going to be away while I get my life together again. To be honest, I may wait until Christmas time to continue with this story. Not sure yet. Anyways, enjoy this chapter! To get to the buildings lower levels Snow, and the leader, would need to go through the main lobby. Then they would need to take either the stairs or elevator. Stairs being the better option. Snow could easily glide down them while the elevator may be unable to handle Snow's weight. Not only that but Snow was an emotional bomb at the moment. They couldn't risk him freezing the elevator cables by mistake. Trying to sneak into the building, swarming with humans, was going to be difficult in itself. Add on top of that trying to slip in a centuries-old elemental was going to be a bigger challenge. Obviously, the leader was not going to help the situation. Honestly, he's probably going to try and sabotage any schemes that Snow came up with. Easiest solution: they needed to avoid humans altogether. Snow grabbed the leader and froze his scarf to a building wall, purposely avoiding freezing the human's skin. \"Stay put, sugar cakes,\" Snow said with a grin. \"Looking at the dull brown bricked building Snow started to develop his plan. The building had at least four windows around the lobby area. Not a lot of windows for such a large room. Means they're trying to hide things. Multiple floors above it. So no crashing things through the ceiling. Snow placed a hand on the outer wall and allowed his power to frost it a bit. Yep. Walls were reinforced which could cause some problems. Best bet: use the windows. Calling upon his powers he shattered all four windows simultaneously. Before the humans could respond Snow started to fill the building with snow. Pushing the humans out. Snow grabbed the leader, breaking the ice's hold, before rushing through one of the windows. With Snow's size, he had to break pieces of the surrounding walls with his icy. They didn't give immediately but they did eventually crumble. They managed to enter the building while everyone was darting towards the exit doors. During the chaos Snow dragged the leader behind him, Snow rushed to the stair making sure the actual snow would block the view of him. Reaching the stairwell Snow slammed the door shut. Laying a hand on the door he froze it in place. It would buy them some time if they get followed. Having one obnoxious maniac was enough. \"Good job, Snowflake,\" the leader said eerily cheerful. \"I can do cute nicknames too, Mister White Christmas,\" the leader mocked. Snow just ignored him. He is not important right now. Heat is. He needed to get to Heat. Taking a single glance over the edge of the stair's railing Snow jumped. It was quite a ways down. Snow had to give the leader props for not screaming the entire way. Snow chuckled to himself. He eventually landed, after several floors, gently at the bottom of the stairway but roughly dropped the leader. \"Where to next?\" Snow casually asked. Trying to appear under control when it was very apparent that he wasn't. \"This is where my mind gets a little fuzzy,\" the leader innocently smiled. Immediately, the walls and floor iced over. Snow was super close to doing some serious damage to the leader... -Snow had a quick flashback to a tiny frozen baby bird- Need to be in control again. Snow took in a deep breath before letting it out. \"Okay. How about we make a deal. You take me to my brother and I'll give you a ten-second head start to capture me. For those ten-seconds, I won't use my ice powers on you or your other humans. Deal?\" Snow was fairly confident that he could handle himself against a few humans. He's a huge ice elemental. How hard could it be? The leader stuck his hands out, \"I'll shake on it after you release me,\" \"Very well. Until we reach my brother my powers are fair game,\" Snow warned as he snapped fingers. The ice melted off the scarf which Snow snatched back to wear again. \"Okay. It's this way,\" the leader said as he marched down a hallway. \"By the way, why do you wear a scarf if you like the cold so much? Just curious,\" The leader questioned./div \"Heat made it for me. Of course, mother nature helped him. Back when he was little he was worried I would get too cold,\" Snow replied as he squeezed a piece of the scarf in his hands. \"Hm, I bet the scientists would love to see how cold you could actually get. They've been doing something similar to your brother for a while now,\" the leader casually said. He was obviously trying to get a reaction from Snow and he got one. Snow could have a good poker face when he wanted to, but his ice powers always gave him away. The entire hallway walls were ice now. Doors were frozen shut. Cameras shattered. Great. Snow thought. Now the humans would definitely know he was here. \"Just take me to Heat,\" Snow exhaled. ","Summary":" (Note: I had to re-upload this because I couldn't log into my old account. I plan to continue updat"},{"Movie":"Good Dinosaur","Title":"The Dinosaur King","Author":"LivvyLeopard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12450296","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I want to thank Jpblake and DiscordantPrincess for inspiring me to create a Good Dinosaur parody of lion king because they are both in a way similar. Unfortunately not all of the GD character from the movie will be in this story, especially Spot sorry. I will making a few slight changes as well to make it fit. Please don't put anything rude if you don't like it. First chapter: cast -Arlo as Simba - Carlos as Scar (OC) -Henry as Mufasa -Debbie as Zazu - Bala as Nala (OC) -Aldwin the caveman as Rafiki (OC) -Ida as Sarabi -The rustlers as the hyenas -Ramsey and Nash as Timon and Pumba The Sun started rise over an open grassland. The orange light shined gloriously over Dinosaurs of all kinds as they rose their heads towards the light. The Sunrise wasn't often this magnificent but there was a very special reason for the sun to be shining so bright. The Apatosaurus' King Henry and his mate queen Ida were celebrating the arrival of their newly hatched son; Arlo. Hundreds of years ago, the dinosaur lands was anything but a kingdom. It was home to hardly any dinosaurs and there was not a lot of food. All you could see was the 3 pointed mountain in the background. It was until Henry's great, great Grandfather had long discovered the method of Farming. He had collected seeds from all across the lands and started to plant them in the area and after many days of sun and rain, crops rapidly started to grow, filling the lands with enough food and vegetation. More dinosaurs started to come from far and wide to harvest the crops and before anyone knew it, Dinosaur lands had turned into the glorious kingdom that stood to this very day. For generations the Apatorous ruled over Dinosaur lands in peace and harmony. From the day we arrive on the planet. And blinking stepping into the sun There's more to be see, than can ever be seen. More to do than can ever be done Hundreds of dinosaurs, Triceratopses, stegosauruses, iguanodons, ankylosauruses, parasaurolophus and many other non-carnivorous dinosaurs were gathering at Claw Tooth Mountain; the home of Henry and Ida. Henry and Ida were noble and well respected rulers, they blessed the other dinosaurs with newly grown crops and whenever there was a new problem that arose, they would always come up a perfect solution to solve it. There far too much to take in here. More to find than can ever be found. But the sun rolling high through the sapphire sky, keeps great and small on the endless round. King Henry stood on a large rock that was attached to the front of the mountain. He looked out over his kingdom. He smiled warmly at all the dinosaurs that showed up to see his new son. A red bird named Debbie flew up to where Henry stood. She was the King dinosaur's Majordomo and she respectably bowed in the presence of her King. Henry smiled back at her. It's the circle of life and it moves us all. Through despair and hope through faith and love. Henry looked back over the herd of dinosaurs and he saw a caveman with a staff making his way through the crowd. His name was Aldwin. Now Aldwin, was a very special caveman, for he was a shaman that could communicate with dinosaurs, plus he was a very close friend to Henry. He had been given the honour to present Henry's new son to the other dinosaurs. Once Aldwin climbed to the top of the peak where Henry stood, he lowered his neck so that the caveman could give him a welcoming hug. Till we find our place on the path unwinding. It's the circle, the circle of life. They both walked over to Ida who was lying on the ground with a baby Apatosaurus resting inbetween her front legs. She smiled as Henry came over and nuzzled her lovingly, she then did the same to her baby to gently wake him up. Baby Arlo raised his head up and stared at the caveman with his curious little brown eyes. Aldwin approached Arlo with a wooden bowl full of red stuff. The little dinosaur shrunk his head back in fear but then he noticed his warm smile showing he wasn't a threat so he smiled back. Aldwin dipped his thumb in the red stuff and smeared it across Alro's head to represent his royalty. Aldwin then sprinkled some powder over Arlo's head which caused him to sneeze slightly. Henry and Ida smiled at the scene. The caveman then looked to Ida for permission, she gave a smile and a nod before he gently lifted the baby dinosaur into his arms. He then ascended to the point of the mountain where he lifted the little dinosaur up so all the others could see him. It's the circle of life and it moves us all Upon seeing the new baby, all the dinosaurs started roaring, cheering and stamping their feet in joy. Little Arlo looked out over the scene in amazement, despite only just hatching, he didn't feel at all scared by the spectacle. Through despair and hope. Through faith and love The sky opened up and shone a ray of sunlight upon the young prince making the dinosaurs all bow their heads in respect towards the new prince and future king. It was a truly wonderful and perfect day. Till we find our place on the path unwinding. In the circle the circle of life. The Dinosaur King By the way, Aldwin means: Old Friend I will put of the next chapter very soon.[Chapter 2] For he dinosaur equivalent of Scar, I've created a brother to Henry with the same personality as Scar, hope you like it. It wasn't a perfect day for everyone though. In a dark cave within the opposite side of Claw tooth mountain. Carlos; Henry's younger brother was wondering back and forth in envy and anger. It was the only place where he could let his emotions out without anyone seeing him. He was a dark green Apatosaurus with a large scar on his leg due to a fight with some raptors many years ago. Unlike Henry who was kind and caring, Carlos was mean and selfish, thus resulting in the two never getting along. Carlos had always been jealous of his older brother and always dreamed of overthrowing him. But now that his son had been born, he knew he would never get to be king. Carlos didn't care about respecting others or doing good deeds, he just wanted to rule the dinosaur lands for himself and leach off the pleasures of being king. He noticed a mouse scurrying across the floor. In an instant he slammed a foot down on the mouse's tail to prevent it from running away. As the mouse tried to struggle free, Carlos brought his head nearer to it \"Life's not fair is it? You see I…Well, I…shall never be king\" He briefly let go of the mouse's tail but then began blocking every direction it tried run off in. \"And you…\" He put his foot on the mouse's tail again \"shall never see the light of another day\" he chuckled \"Adieu.\" He lifted his other foot to crush the mouse until he was interrupted by an irritating little voice. \"Didn't your mother ever tell you to play nice?\" Carlos looked behind him to see Debbie glaring up at him. Carlos rolled his eyes and sighed \"What do you want?\" \"I'm here to inform you that King Henry is on his way\" Debbie replied \"So you better have a good excuse for missing the ceremony this morning.\" While Carlo's was distracted with Debbie's annoying tweeting, the mouse managed to get its tail free from under Carlos' foot and disappear into a hole \"Oh now look Debbie you made me loose the mouse.\" \"Ha! You'll lose even more than that when the king is through with you!\" Debbie responded \"He's madder than a stegosaurus with a stomach ache!\" \"Ooh I quiver with FEAR !\" Carlos snarled as he smiled menacingly at Debbie. Debbie started to back way in fear as she noticed Carlo's moving towards her \"Now Carlos, don't look at me like that! HELP!\" Debbie tried to fly away but Carlos caught her in his mouth. \"Carlos!\" Carlos turned to see his older brother scowling at him. \"Mmm?\" \"Release her\" Debbie poked her beak out of Carlos' mouth \"Impeccable timing your majesty!\" she tweeted. Carlos then spat out the red bird, who was now covered in saliva. She lifted her wings in disgust \"Urgh!\" Carlos pretended to be happy to see his brother \"Why if it isn't my big brother, descended from on high come to mingle with the commoners\" \"Ida and I didn't see you at the presentation of Arlo this morning\" \"That was today?\" Carlos asked pretending he'd forgotten when really he missed out on purpose. \"Oh how terrible! Do forgive me, it must have slipped my mind\" Debbie flew up to Carlos' face \"Yes, well as slippery as you mind is, as the king's brother you should have been first in line!\" Carlos snapped his teeth at Debbie making her jump and cower behind Henry's leg. \"Oh I was first in line…\" Carlos started as Debbie peeked out only to hide again when Carlos got in her face \"Until the little runt was born.\" Henry lowered his neck in front of Carlos' face so they were seeing 'Eye to eye' \"That 'runt' Is my son, and your future king!\" Henry snapped. \"Ohh, I shall practice my curtesy\" Carlos sarcastically replied before turning to leave the cave. \"Don't turn your back on me Carlos!\" Henry warned angrily. \"Oh no Henry…perhaps you shouldn't turn you back on me\" In a split second, Henry charged in front of his younger brother \"IS THAT A CHALLENGE!?\" Henry growled. \"Temper, temper. I wouldn't dream of challenging you.\" Carlos spoke calmly Debbie stepped out from behind Henry \"Pity, Why not?\" Carlos looked to Debbie \"Well as far as brains go I got the dinosaur's share but when it comes to brute strength\" he looked to henry before exiting the cave. \"I'm afraid I'm at the shallow end of the gene pool.\" Henry continued to glare after him A few seconds after watching Carlos leave, Debbie spoke \"There's one in every family Sire, Two in mine actually\" she told the king as she flew up to perch on his head. \"And they always mange to ruin special occasions.\" Henry's glare softened as he let out a deep sigh \"what am I going to do with him?\" \"You could always feed him to T-Rex\" Henry looked up at the bird \"Debbie!\" He chided. \"That way they could feed off him for weeks, and you would no longer have to put up with his stuck up attitude, it's a win-win\" she said proudly Henry couldn't help but laugh. He'd find a way to deal with Carlos eventually but now he was only focused on raising his son to become a great King. Later that night within a cave right within the middle of a forest. Aldwin was muttering to himself as painted a picture of Arlo on the wall using homemade green paint. As he finished the last few touches on the drawing, he smiles and said \"Someday Arlo, you'll become a magnificent King just like your father and make us all proud.\"[Chapter 3] Here's the third chapter I hope this is okay and it's not too cheesy. But I think it fits perfectly see what you think. Several years had passed since the presentation of Arlo. Arlo had grown from a baby to a young dinosaur. One morning, just as the sun was starting to rise, young Arlo stepped out on the edge of the front peak. The sky was a mixture of pink, purple and blue, birds were starting to sing. His face lit up with excitement as he darted back inside to wake up his father for he had promised Arlo he would take him out to teach him about the kingdom \"Poppa! Poppa! Come Poppa it's time to go wake up!\" Arlo made his way over to his dad who was snoring so loudly he couldn't hear his son calling him name. Ida who was sleeping next to Henry could hear Arlo's constant repeating of \"Poppa\" \"Your son is awake\" she whispered to Henry without opening her eyes. \"Before sunrise he's your son\" Henry replied wearily \"Poppa!\" Arlo moaned as continued to poke him with his two front legs and nudge him with his head. \"Come on, you promised!\" Arlo whined as his father opened his eyes halfway \"Okay, I'm up, I'm up\" he yawned. \"Yes!\" Arlo cheered About a few seconds, Arlo's parents emerged from the cave where Arlo gave his mother a loving nuzzle before following his father up the mountain. After a few minutes, the two of them stood high at the mountains tallest point, looking at the marvellous view of the sun shining upon the Dinosuar lands. \"Look Arlo, everything the light touches, is our kingdom\" \"Wow\" Arlo breathed \"A king's time as ruler, rises and falls like the sun\" Henry explained \"One day Arlo, the sun will set on my time here, and will rise with you as the new king\" he smiled \"And this will all be mine?\" The young dinosaur asked looking over the land. \"Everything.\" Henry responded \"Everything the light touches\" Arlo repeapeted before he noticed a dark looking Rockland in the distance. \"What about that shadowy place?\" \"That's beyond our borders, you must never go there son\" Henry said with a stern look on his face \"But I thought a king could do whatever he wants\" Henry chuckled \"Oh there's more to being king than getting your way all the time\" \"There's more?\" \"Arlo\" Henry laughed. About an hour later Henry led Arlo across the grassy lands where many other dinosaurs where grazing. He told his son about his ancestors who brought food to the other dinosaurs, protecting the kingdom from predators and about the circle of life. \"Everything you see exist together in a delicate balance, as king Arlo, you will need to understand that balance and respect every living thing from the smallest critter to a giant spinosaurus as well as the plants that grow.\" \"But Poppa, we eat the plants\" \"Yes Arlo, but let me explain. When we die our bodies become the soil, the soil helps to grow the plants and then the dinosaurs eat the plants. Therefore we are all connected in the great circle of life.\" \"Good morning Sire!\" Debbie Chirped as she over to the two \"Good morning Debbie\" \"Checking in with the morning report!\" \"Fire away\" \"Well I've heard from the triceratops that…..\" As Debbie continued to report, Arlo got Distracted by a bug who flew onto a rock nearby. Crouching down, Arlo leapt upon in before it flew to another rock. Henry noticed his son chasing after the insect \"What are you doing son?\" The insect flew away just as Arlo jumped to try and catch it \"Jumping\" \"Then the old pro will show you how its done\" Henry smirked as he looked towards Debbie who was still going on about her report. \"Debbie would you turn around?\" \"Yes sire\" Debbie responded as she turned her back on the two green dinosaurs. Henry then whispered to Arlo \"Stay low to the ground\" \"Stay low to the ground got it\" Arlo whispered back Debbie noticed the two whispering to each other \"What's going on back there?\" \"A jumping lesson\" \"Oh very good, jumping\" Debbie's eyes suddenly widened in realisation \"Jumping?!\" She then turned to fully face the, \"Oh no Sire you can't be serious!\" Henry signalled for her to turn round again. Debbie's reluctantly obeyed. \"Oh this is so embarrassing!\" \"Wait for just the right moment\" Henry continued to whisper to his son. \"Henry, what are you telling him?\" Debbie demanded as she turned her head back only to see lack of Henry or Arlo \"Henry? Arlo?\" she called nervously when out of nowhere, Arlo leaped out from the grass, grabbed Debbie in his front legs and tumbled onto his back. Henry laughed at the scene. Debbie was the only not amazed she was still shaking even when Arlo put her down. She started to brush down her ruffled feathers, when a gopher came up from the ground behind her. \"Debbie!\" \"Yes?\" \"I have news from the underground…\" \"Okay now this time…\" Henry was interrupted when called him in a panicked voice. \"Sire! Raptors have been spotted in the Dinosaur lands!\" Henry immediately went to serious mode as he sprang into action. Raptors were vicious Velociraptors who always liked to cause havoc and look for easy targets to feed on. But luckily Henry protected the herbivores from the carnivorous beasts. Despite not having claws or sharp teeth, Henry's size and strength was a major advantage. He could knock out a raptor in one whip of his tail. \"Debbie, take Arlo home\" Henry ordered \"Aw Can't I come Poppa?\" \"No Son\" Henry said as he ran off to deal with the raptors. Arlo hung his head and sighed \"I never get to go anywhere\" \"Oh don't worry young prince\" Debbie told him \"Someday you'll be King, then you can chase those filthy, stupid, ugly savages from morning till nightfall.\" …. Back at the mountain, Carlos was brooding on the edge of a rock when Arlo ran up to greet him. \"Hey Uncle Carlos!\" Arlo greeted \"Guess what!\" \"I despise guessing games\" Carlos droned \"I'm gonna be King of Claw tooth mountain!\" \"Oh wonderful\" Carlos replied sarcastically Arlo looked out over the edge \"My Poppa showed me the whole Kingdom, and I'm gonna rule all of it!\" He stated proudly Carlos kept his unimpressed expression \"Yes, well, forgive me for not leaping with joy. I have a bad back you know\" He flopped heavily on the ground. Arlo walked back over to his uncle \"Hey, Uncle Carlos? When I'm king, what will that make you?\" \"A crocodile's uncle\" Arlo laughed \"You're so weird\" \"You have no idea.\" Carlos answered \"So your father showed you the whole kingdom, did he?\" \"Everything\" \"He didn't show you what lies beyond the northern borders, did he?\" Arlo looked down \"Well, no… he said I can't go there\" \"And he's absolutely right! It's far too dangerous. Only the Bravest dinosaurs go there\" \"Well I'm brave! What's out there?\" \"I'm sorry Arlo, I just can't tell you\" \"Why not?\" \"Arlo, Arlo, I'm only looking out for the wellbeing of my favourite nephew\" Carlos said as he patted Arlo's head with his tail. \"Yeah right, I'm your only nephew\" Arlo replied \"All the more reason to be protective. A tyrannosaurus graveyard is no place for a young prince…whoops\" he covered his mouth with his foot pretending to have spilled the secret. \"A Tyrannosaurus what!? Wow!\" Arlo gasped excitedly. \"Oh dear I've said too much!\" Carlos said faking dismay. \"Well I suppose you would have found out sooner or later, you being so clever and all\" He pulled Arlo in for a hug \"Oh, just do me one favour, promise me you'll never visit that awful place\" Arlo smirked in mischief \"No problem\" \"There's a good little Dino. \"Now you run along and have fun\" Arlo got up and started to leave \"And remember!\" Carlos called causing Arlo to turn his head back towards him \"It's our little secret!\" As Arlo ran off, Carlos smiled evilly for he knew that Arlo would very soon get himself into trouble.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 of the Dinosaur king. Arlo immediately began running towards the little falls that rested just next to the mountains. There, dinosaurs would bathe and Arlo knew that's where he would find his best friend Bala. She was a young female Apatosaurus no older than he was, with light green skin and bright blue eyes. Arlo saw her in the pool taking water into her mouth and spraying it on her back. Arlo's mother was in the water too, talking with Bala's mother. Arlo approached his friend \"Hey Bala\" She smiled at him \"Hey Arlo\" \"Come on… I just heard about this really great place\" \"Arlo, I'm kind of in the middle of a bath\" she replied firmly \"And it's time for yours\" Arlo's mother said as she grabbed him by the tail and pulled him into the water with her. \"Momma!\" Arlo complained as she sprayed him with water \"Momma, you getting me all wet!\" Arlo pulled himself out of the water and shook himself off. \"Okay, okay I'm clean can we go now?\" \"So where are we going?\" Bala asked \"It better not be anyplace lame\" \"No its really cool!\" \"And where is this really cool place?\" Ida questioned \"Oh! Err…\" Arlo had to think of something quick \"By the river\" He lied \"The river?\" Bala asked \"What's so great about the river?\" \"I'll show you when we get there\" Arlo whispered, trying to point out they weren't really going to the river. Understanding, Bala nodded \"Oh\". She turned towards her Mother \"Momma, Can I go with Arlo?\" Bala's mother turned to Ida \"Hm, what do you think Ida?\" \"Well…\" \"Please?\" Both children pleaded with big grins on their faces. \"Its fine with me.\" \"Yeah!\" Both young dinosaurs cheered, as they started to head off. \"As long as Debbie goes with you.\" Ida added The children groaned \"Oh no, not Debbie!\" Now their plans would be ruined. …. About a few minutes later, Debbie and the Children were making their way to the river. \"Step lively children!\" Debbie called from above, flying slightly ahead of them. \"The sooner we get to the river, the sooner we can leave\". \"So where are we really going?\" Bala asked Arlo \"A Tyrannosaurus graveyard\" Arlo replied quietly. \"Wow!\" Bala responded loudly only to be shushed by Arlo. \"Shh! Debbie!\" he whispered as he pointed his eyes towards Debbie who luckily didn't hear them as she flew. \"Oh right\" Bala answered in a quiet tone \"So how are we going to ditch the dicky bird?\" Debbie caught sight of Arlo and Bala whispering to each other and she couldn't help but smile warmly. She flew down in front of them. \"Oh just look at you two. Little seeds of romance blossoming in the land. Your parents will be thrilled! What with you being betrothed and all!\" she stated excitedly \"Be-what?\" Arlo asked \"Betrothed, intended, affianced\" Debbie responded The two young dinosaurs just looked at each other confused. \"Which means what?\" Bala asked \"One day you two are going to get married!\" she explained The children immediately cringed at the thought \"Yuck!\" \"Eww!\" \"I can't marry Bala, she's just my friend\" \"Yeah, it'll be too weird!\" \"Well sorry to burst your bubble but you two turtledoves have no choice. It's a tradition going back generations.\" \"Well when I'm king that will be the first thing to go.\" Arlo stated \"No as long as I'm around\" Debbie replied \"Well in that case you're fired\" Arlo spoke \"Nice try but only the king can do that\" \"Well he is the future king\" Bala reminded Debbie \"Yeah so you have to do what I tell you\" Arlo told the bird as he nudged her slightly with his foot. Debbie then started to glare at the young prince \"Not yet I don't. And with an attitude like that, I'm afraid you're shaping up to be a pretty pathetic king indeed.\" Arlo then smirked \"Not the way I see it\" He then jumped in front of Debbie and began to sing. Arlo: \"I'm gonna be a mighty king, so enemies beware!\" Debbie: \"Well I've never seen a Dino king that's quite so unprepared!\" Arlo \"I'm gonna be the main event. Like no king was before!\" Arlo: I'm brushing up I'm looking down, I'm working on my ROAR!\" His roar sent Debbie into a mud puddle. Debbie: \"Thus a rather uninspiring thing\" Debbie uttered as she used the first thing she grabbed to wipe the mud out of her eyes. She opened them and they widened she realised it was the tail of an iguanodon which angrily used its tail to whack her into the river. Arlo: Oh I just can't wait to be King! \"You've got a long way to go young man\" Debbie said as she stepped out of the water \"If you think…\" As Debbie turned to spoke to one of them, the other made faces behind her back. Arlo: \"No one saying do this\" Debbie: Now when I said that I… Bala: \"No one saying be there\" Debbie: What I meant was… Arlo: \"No one saying stop that\" Debbie: Look, what you don't realise… Arlo and Bala: No one saying see here Debbie: Now see here! Arlo and Bala started to run across the grassy banks together. Arlo: Free to run around all day Debbie: Well that's definitely out Arlo: Free to do it all my way! Debbie flew ahead of the young Dinosaurs so she could speak to them. Unfortunately she couldn't look where she was going. Debbie: I think it's time that you and I arranged a heart to heart. BAM! She ended up crashing into the behind of a triceratops feeding on grass. Arlo: Kings don't need advice from little birdies for a start. Debbie then flew onto a floating log, without realizing it was about to go over a waterfall. Debbie: if this is where the monarchy is headed count me out! Out of service, out of the lands I would hand about…AHHH! Just as the log disappeared over the edge, Debbie quickly flew back up to the top. Debbie: This child is getting wildly out of wing Arlo: Oh I just can't wait to be king Arlo and Bala dance under a heard of towering dinosaurs, while Debbie flew overheard trying to look for them. Arlo stood on the neck of a Diplodocus. Arlo: Everybody look left. All the Dinosaurs moved left, which Debbie had to dodge quickly. Arlo: Everybody look right. The dinosaurs moved right, making her dodge them again. Arlo: Everywhere you look I'm... As he sung, he hopped up a ladder of Diplodocus heads . Arlo: standing in the spot light! He belted as he slid down the neck of one. Debbie: Not. Yet! Then all the other dinosaurs began to sing Dinosaurs: Let every creature go for broke and sing, Let's hear it in the herd and on the wing, It's gonna be King Arlo's finest fling . The dinosaurs formed a pyramid with Arlo and Bala standing on top Simba & Chorus: Oh I just can't wait to be king! Oh I just can't wait to be king! Oh I just can't waaaaaait…. The Pyramid then began to lose balance and started to topple over. All the dinosaurs then fell on top of each other (save for Arlo and Bala) and poor Debbie was trapped underneath the lot. To be king! \"Can someone get me out from under here?!\" she tweeted furiously \"Arlo? Bala?\"[Chapter 5] Here you go, Chapter 5. I would appreciate it if you guys could leave a comment. As long as you don't put anything mean. The two young dinos laughed as they slowed down from running. \"Aright it worked!\" Arlo cheered \"We lost her! I am a genius\" \"Hey Genius it was my idea!\" Bala reminded him \"Yeah, but I pulled it off\" \"With me\" \"Oh yeah?\" Arlo then leapt at Bala and the youngsters started to wrestle playfully before tumbling down a slope. Bala was on top of Arlo holding him down \"I win!\" she declared before jumping to the sound of a geyser nearby. The two looked to see that they were surrounded by black gloomy rocks and a huge skull of a long deceased T-Rex. \"Bala this is it\" Arlo spoke \"We made it\" They looked out over a ledge and saw hundreds of dinosaur bones scattered everywhere. \"WOAH\" They both breathed. \"It's really creepy\" Bala said \"Yeah\" Arlo replied \"Isn't it great?\" Bala smirked \"We could get in big trouble\" \"I know\" Bala looked to the skull \"I wonder if its brains are still in there\" \"Well there's only one way to find out, come on lets go check it out\" \"STOP RIGHT THERE!\" A voiced squawked. Arlo paused to see Debbie fly up in front of them. \"The only checking you will do will be to check out of here! Can't you say we're way beyond the boundary of the dinosaur lands.\" \"What are you scared?\" Arlo teased \"No I'm not scared! But we are in very real danger here!\" Arlo approached the front of the skull \"Danger? Hah! I walk on the wild side. I laugh in the face of danger. HA HA HA HA HA!\" Just then more sounds of laugher came from inside the Skull. Arlo immediately stopped laughing and went back to his friends. They all stood in fear as they saw three raptors emerge from the skull. They had sharp jagged teeth in their mouths, with feathers on their heads and tails and they looked the complete opposite of friendly. Debbie did her best to try and shield the children. \"Well, well what have we got here Lurleane?\" The leader of the trio spoke. \"I don't know Bubba\" A female rustler said \"What do you think Earl?\" Earl the scruffiest looking one only laughed crazily. \"My thoughts exactly\" she continued \"It seems like we got ourselves some trespassers!\" \"Oh I do apologize…\" Debbie stuttered fearfully \"We...we…seemed to have w…w…wandered here by mistake. That's all, nothing major! We'll be on our way now!\" She turned to leave but stopped as Bubba put a finger on her tail feathers. \"Whoa, whoa wait a minute…I know you\" He looked closely at the red bird \"You're Henry's little stooge.\" \"I, Sir, Am the king's majordomo!\" Debbie specified Lurleane looked to Arlo \"And that would make you?...\" \"The future king\" Arlo answered bravely. \"Do you know what we do to kings who step out of their kingdom?\" Bubba asked as they started to circle the young dinosaurs. \"You can't do anything to me\" Arlo growled \"Err, actually Arlo, they can. We are on their land.\" \"But Debbie, you said they were nothing but filthy, stupid, ugly savages\" \"Arlo, please stop talking.\" Debbie said nervously \"Who are you calling ugly?!\" Lurlene snarled \"Oh my, it's getting dark! We really must be going!\" Debbie squeaked she ushered the children to leave but were blocked off by Bubba. \"Where ya'll goin? We'd looove you to stay for dinner.\" \"Yeah, you could Dino-round this place!\" Lurlene laughed \"Get it? Dine, Dino!\" \"Ooh wait! Wait! I got one!\" Bubba piped up \"I'll order a T-Bone steak with A-PAT-O-Saurus butter!\" Bubba and Lurlene laughed like crazy. Just then Earl jumped up and started to whine and grunt loudly \"What Earl?!\" Bubba snapped. Earl pointed in the other direction and Lurleane followed it. \"Hey, did we order this dinner to go?\" she asked \"No why?\" Bubba asked back \"CAUSE THERE IT GOES!\" Bubba looked to see Arlo, Bala and Debbie making a break for it. Debbie flapped her wings as fast as she could. But unfortunately not fast enough, as she felt a hand grab her by the tail feathers and pull her back. Arlo and Bala stopped for a moment to catch their breath. \"Did we lose them?\" Bala asked \"I think so\" Arlo replied but then looked to see lack of a red bird \"Where's Debbie?\" ….. Debbie shrieked and struggled as Lurleane held her above an open geyser. \"And the little majordomo bird hippetey-hopped all the way to the birdie boiler!\" Lurleane taunted as she shoved her into the geyser. \"Oh no! Not the birdie boiler! AHHHHHH!\" Debbie screamed as she shot up into the sky like a rocket, her flame-lit feathers leaving a trail. The raptors were holding their stomachs laughing like maniacs. \"HEY!\" Arlo called \"Why don't you pick on someone you're on size?\" \"Like you?\" Bubba asked \"Uh oh.\" The two young dinos screamed in terror as the vile Velociraptors chased them across the graveyard. Even though they manged to dodge them they could not outrun the carnivores. The children climbed onto the T-Rex's skeleton, slid down its ribcage and landed on a small hill of bones. They frantically started to scramble up the bones. \"ARLO!\" Arlo turned to the sound of his friend's scream and his eyes widened in horror to see her slipping back down towards the raptors. As quick as a flash, Arlo ran back down and kicked Bubba in the face just before he could bite Bala. The youngsters continued to run until they reached a large rock. They tried to climb up it but it had no ledges to support them so they kept falling down. They gasped to see the raptors closing in on them. \"Here Kiddie, Kiddies\" Lurlene cooed evilly. Arlo stood in front of Bala firmly, took in a deep breath and let out a week \"roar!\" The raptors laughed \"What was that?...Do it again, come on\" Arlo opened his mouth again but this time there was a louder, more adult roar. The raptors stared in confusion until they were knocked to one side. Henry had come to the rescue. He angrily head-butted and tail whipped the raptors. Debbie approached the Kids to check if they were okay. Henry then towered over the now trembling raptors lying beneath him. \"Oh were sorry! Were sorry!\" Lurleane said with fear in here voice \"Please don't hurt us!\" Bubba begged \"SILENCE!\" Henry roared \"Okay we'll be quiet now\" \"If you EVER come near my son again!\" Henry threatened \"Oh this is your son?\" Bubba asked pretending to be clueless \"Did you know that?\" \"No of course\" Lurleane replied \"Earl?\" They both asked. Earl stupidly nodded his head. Henry then gave a loud \"ROOOOAARR!\" \"Toodaloo\" Lurleane whimpered before the three Velociraptors ran off like scared chickens. Debbie nodded in satisfaction, but cowered when Henry gave her the death glare. Arlo approached his father \"Poppa I…\" \"You deliberately disobeyed me!\" Henry snapped down at his son \"Poppa, I'm sorry\" \"Let's go home.\" He turned and led the kids out of the Tyrannosaurus graveyard. \"I thought you were really brave\" Bala whispered to Arlo before they hung both their heads in shame. Unbeknownst to them, Carlos was watching the whole thing from the top of the rock. The three Apatosaurus' and bird all headed back to Claw Tooth Mountain without speaking a word. By the time they got back, it was already night-time. Henry stopped in a grassy field in front of the mountain. \"Debbie!\" He hollered. Debbie flew to Henry's feet and looked up at him nervously \"Yes, my king?\" \"Take Bala home. I've got to teach my son a lesson\" Upon hearing that, Arlo slouched into the grass in fear. \"Come along Bala\" Debbie then turned to Arlo \"And Arlo… 'sigh'... Good luck\" Arlo watched as the two females walked off. Bala cast one last look to Arlo before following Debbie back to her home. \"ARLO!\" Henry boomed, making Arlo flinch. Slowly, Arlo started to walk towards his father. He paused when his foot stepped into one of Henry's footprints, they were so big compared to his. Arlo sat down next to his Poppa. He looked up at him to see an expression of disappointment on his face rather than anger. \"Arlo, I'm very disappointed in you\" \"I know\" \"You could have been killed.\" Henry continued \"You deliberately disobeyed me and what's worse…you put Bala in danger!\" Tears threatened to escape Arlo's eyes. \"I was just trying to brave like you.\" \"I'm only brave when I have to be\" Henry told him \"Arlo, being brave doesn't mean you go looking for trouble.\" \"But you're not scared of anything\" Arlo said to his father \"I was today\" \"You were?\" \"Yes…I thought I was going to lose you\" \"Oh, I guess even Kings get scared too\" \"They do indeed\" \"But you know what?\" Arlo whispered \"What?\" Henry whispered back \"I think those raptors were even more scared!\" Henry chuckled \"Because nobody messes with you're Poppa… come here you!\" Henry pulled him in with his tail and rubbed his head. The father and son then started to laughed and chase each other over the grassy back, making fireflies fly up out of the grass. Arlo then jumped onto his dad's back as the bigger dinosaur laid down. \"Poppa?\" \"Hm?\" \"Were pals right?\" \"Right\" \"And we'll always be together right?\" Henry then raised his neck up \"Arlo, let me tell you something that my father told me.\" He looked up at the night sky making Arlo do the same. \"Look at the stars, the great kings of the past look down on us from the stars.\" \"Really?\" Arlo asked in amazement \"Yes, so whenever you feel alone, just remember that those kings will always be there to guide you… and so will I.[Chapter 6] Here is the sixth chapter. Please tell me if you like this story, other than that enjoy! \"Dang that lousy Henry, I wont be able to sit for a week\" Lurleane groaned rubbing her bruised bottom. Earl just giggled furiously. \"It's not funny Earl\". Earl then burst into hysterics, irritating Lurleane even more. \"Hey shut up!\" snapped. When earl refused to stop, she snarled and leaped at him furiously. As they begun to fight, Bubba turned his head towards the commotion. \"Will you two you knock it off!\" he ordered. \"Well he started it!\" Lurleane pointed to Earl who was chewing on his own tail. \"Look at you two, it's no wonder were forced to scavenge for measly scraps\" \"I hate scavenging\" \"Yeah? Well if it weren't for the herbivores we'd be running the place\" Bubba stated \"I hate herbivores\" Lurleane growled \"So annoying\" Bubba said \"And lame\" Lurlene responded \"And boring\" \"And boy are they…\" \"UGLY!\" They both said at once \"Oh come on now\" The three looked up to see Carlos resting on a cliff above them. \"Surely not all herbivores are that bad\". The raptors sighed with relief. \"Oh Carlos it's just you… we were afraid it was somebody important\" Bubba answered \"Like Henry\" Lurleane said. \"I see\" Carlos grimaced at the sound of his brother's name. \"Now that is power\" Bubba noted \"Tell me about it, I just hear that name and I shudder\" Lurleane replied \"Henry\" Bubba whispered causing Lurleane to shudder. \"Do it again\" she encouraged \"Henry\" Lurleane shuddered again \"Henry! Henry! Henry!\" All three Raptors then fell over laughing. \"Oh you're killing me!\" Carlos massaged his forehead \"I'm surrounded by idiots\" \"Not you Carlos, I mean you're one of us…I mean you're our pal\" Bubba said \"Charmed\" Carlos replied with sarcasm. \"Ooh…I like that.\" Lurleane remarked \"He's not king, but he's still so proper.\" \"Hey Carlos, did ya find us anything to eat? Old Buddy, old Pal huh? did ya?\" Bubba asked hopefully Carlos nudged an old buffalo carcass towards the edge of the cliff, making the raptors drool in hunger \"I don't think you really deserve this. I practically gift-wrapped those kids for you and you couldn't even dispose of them\" He pushed the carcass over ledge and the moment it hit the ground the raptors began tucking into it. \"Well ya know\" Bubba spoke with his mouthful \"It wasn't like they were alone Carlos\" \"Yeah what are we suppoed to do\" Lurleane swallowed \"Kill Henry?\" Carlos then gave a wicked smile \" PRECISELY \" Carlos then leapt down from the rocks and onto the floor, where geyser started forming smoke around him. He stepped through the smoke smiling evilly. I know that you're powers of retention Are as wet as a warthogs backside He walked over to earl who was chewing on a bone But thick as you are. PAY ATTENTION! He knocked the bone out of Earls grasp, causing Earl to stand up straight and salute Carlos with a silly smile plastered on his face and his tongue hanging out. My words are a matter of pride He waved his front foot in front of Earl's face. Its clear from your vacant expressions, the lights are not all on upstairs. But we're talking kings and successions Bubba and lurleane laughed from behind him. Instantly, Carlos ran towards them causing them to jump back and fall onto a couple of gysers. EVEN YOU! Can't be caught unawares The geysers then erupted sending the two flying into the air screaming. So prepare for the chance of a lifetime Carlos continued to sing, just as the raptors fell onto the ground with a hard THUD! Be prepared for sensational news A shining new era is tiptoeing nearer \"And where do we feature?\" Lurleane asked before Carlos rubbed her head quite hard. Just listen to teacher Lurleane started to smooth out the feathers on her head. I know it sounds sordid, but you'll be rewarded. When at last I am given my dues. And injustice deliciously squared. He crept up behind Earl who was once again chewing on a bone and pushed him into a pile of even more bones. BE PREPARED! \"Yeah be prepared!\" Bubba said \"We'll be prepared! For what?\" \"For the death of the king\" Carlos answered \"Why is he sick?\" \"No Fool, were gonna kill him… and Arlo too\" \"Great idea! Who needs a king?\" Lurleane chimed as the three raptors started dancing around chanting: No king! No king! La la la la la la! \"IDIOTS!\" Carlos shouted \"There will be a king!\" \"But you said…\" \" I… will be king\" Carlos sneered \"Stick with me and you'll never go hungry again!\" The raptors then started to cheer \"All right! LONG LIVE THE KING!\" In an instant, a hundred more velociraptors appeared in the cave repeating the same thing: \"LONG LIVE THE KING! LONG LIVE THE KING!\" Seconds later, they all began to sing while marching in an army like about to head into battle. It's great that we'll soon be connected. Where the king will be all time adorded. Carlos smiled as he stood on a rock looking over at them. Of course with pro quo you're expected. To take certain duties on board. The future is littered with prizes. And though I'm the main addressee The point that I must emphasize is. He then charged menacingly towards a single raptor who scrambled back in terror. You won't get a sniff without me! The ground underneath started to split apart, causing the raptor to fall into a fiery crevice. The earth started to rise up, and fire and smoke powered out from underneath. Carlos started leaping from rock to rock while singing, with the raptors singing in the background. So prepare for the coup of the century. (Oooooh) Be prepared for the murkiest scam. (Oooh La! La! La!) Meticulous planning. (We'll have food!) Tenacity spanning. (lots of food!) Decades of denial. (We repeat) Is simply why I'll (Endless meat) Be king undisputed, respected saluted and seen for the wonder I am! And injustice deliciously squared. Be prepared! The raptors danced wildly across the rocks while some were beating bones on skeletons like xylophones. Yes injustice deliciously squared. BE PREPARED! Carlos stood on top of the mountain laughing evilly while the raptors below him did the same. Their laughs echoed through darkness of the valley. Carlos had every right to laugh right now, for he knew his evil plan would happen very soon.[Chapter 7] I'm sorry but this chapter is going to be sad. The next day, Carlos took Arlo down to the ravine. \"Now you wait here, your father has a big surprise for you!\" \"Really? What is it?\" Arlo asked with excitement \"Now if I told you, it wouldn't be a surprise now would it?\" \"If you tell me I'll still act surprised\" Carlos chuckled \"Oh you are such a naughty boy!\" \"Come on Uncle Carlos\" Arlo said with a pleading look \"No, no, no, this is just for you and your Poppa\" Carlos replied \"You know, sort of a father-son thing\" \"Well I better go get him\" \"I go with you…\" \"NO!\" Carlos snapped but he quickly calmed down when he noticed he startled Arlo slightly \"Heh heh heh no, just stay and wait on this rock, you wouldn't want to end up in another mess like you did with the raptors now would you?\" Arlo frowned \"You know about that?\" \"Arlo, everybody know about that\" Carlos answered \"Really?\" \"Yes, lucky your father was there to save you eh? Oh how about you work on some defence skills while you wait?\" \"Okay\" Arlo replied. Carlos then started to walk in the other direction until Arlo called out to him. \"Hey Uncle Carlos!\" Carlos turned his head back towards his nephew. \"Will I like this surprise?\" Carlos smirked \"Arlo it's to DIE for!\" He responded before walking away. Meanwhile, high above the ravine was a large dam storing water. The raptors were waiting on one side of the dam for Carlos. Lurlene had her arms crossed and was tapping her foot impatiently. She groaned in frustration \"What's taking so long? Carlos should've been here by now!\" \"Will you calm down?!\" Bubba told her \"He will be here! Besides if we act too soon, the whole plan will be ruined.\" Lurleane sighed \"Fine\". Just then, Carlos appeared on the other side of the dam and nodded, giving them the signal to go. \"There he is! Let's go!\" The raptors then started to get to work. \"You wanna piece of me raptors?!\" Arlo yelled at an empty space \"Well take this!\" He used his tail to whack some rocks across the ravine. \"And that!\" He whacked another and It went further \"AND THIS!\" He whacked the third rock even harder and it went high over the dam. Arlo smiled triumphantly \"Yes!\" But Arlo's smiled soon dropped when he stared to hear a large rumbling sound. He looked up the dam and water began to burst out of it until KASPLOSH! The whole thing exploded and a huge tidal wave heading straight for Arlo! He gasped in fear and immediately bolted in the other direction. About a mile away, Henry and Debbie were looking out over a rock and they turned their heads to the noise. \"Do you hear that sire?\" Debbie asked \"Yes, it sounds like whooshing water\" Henry furrowed his brow in concern until Carlos peered up onto the rock with a 'terrified' look on his face. \"Henry quick! Flash Flood! In the Ravine! Arlo's down there!\" \"Arlo!\" Henry gasped Arlo had never ran so hard in his life, the water was gaining on him rapidly. There was now way he could outrun the tidal wave, he would soon be sucked in and drown. Luckily he spotted a small tree sticking out of the ground and he quickly jumped up onto it just as the water began whooshing past. At the moment, the branch managed to hold Arlo but it wouldn't be able to hold him for long, he needed help fast. The two adult Apatosaurus's and bird rushed towards the flood. Debbie flew on ahead, above the water she began scouting the scene for Arlo until she spotted him on the tree clinging for dear life. \"DEBBIE HELP ME!\" Arlo cried as he saw her fly towards him. \"Your father's on his way hold on!\" she called \"Hurry!\" Just as Henry and Carlos reached the edge of the ravine, Debbie flew back to them and pointed out Arlo's location. \"There on that tree branch!\" Henry looked to see Arlo struggling to keep his grip on the tree. \"Hold on, Arlo!\" Henry called out as he began making his way down towards the flood. Debbie was flapping in fear. \"Oh Carlos this is awful! What do we do? WHAT DO WE DO?!\" she panicked \"I know I'll go back for help! That's what I'll do…\" WHACK! Carlos flicked Debbie into a rock with his tail knocking her out. Henry began jumping from floating logs and debris to reach his son. He found it difficult to keep his balance but he knew he had to get to his son. Just then a large log hit the tree snapping it in two. Arlo screamed as he flew through the air, but quickly Henry jumped up and caught Arlo on his back. He carefully hopped back over the logs to a ledge that looked safe. Henry quickly swam towards it, the current was strong but he managed to grab onto the edge with his front legs and used his neck to push Arlo onto it. But unfortunately another piece of debris knocked henry back into the water before he could climb on. \"POPPA!\" Arlo frantically searched for his father, but all he could see was water and loads of debris. Then all of a sudden Henry leapt out of the water and clung onto a muddy slope. Arlo breathed a sigh of relief as he started to climb onto a higher platform to reach his father. Henry tried to scramble up the slope but he kept slipping due to it being steep and slippery. He looked up and saw Carlos peering over at him. \"Carlos!\" Henry begged \"Brother! Help me!\" Carlos suddenly slammed his two front feet down on Henry's making him yell in pain. Carlos then leaned towards henry with a wicked smile on his face and whispered \"Long…live…the king\" Henry's eyes widened in horror, as Carlos pushed him off the slope to plummet to his death. \"AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!\" \"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!\" Arlo screamed as he helplessly watched his father get swept away by the flood. Once the flood had stopped, Arlo began to search through the mud and debris as he called for his father. \"POPPA! Poppa where are you?!\" Arlo then looked and saw a green mass lying in the mud with a branch on top of it. Arlo gasped and ran towards it. He pushed off the branch and walked round to the front. His heart immediately sank when he saw his father's lifeless body covered in mud and bruises. Arlo leaned in close to his father's head \"Poppa?\" there came no response \"Poppa come on, you have to get up\" Arlo nudged his father but he wouldn't move \"Please Poppa!\" His voice started to tremble \"We gotta go home\" he nudged him harder but it was no use, Henry was gone, he was dead. \"HEEEEEEEEEEELP!\" Arlo yelled but all he could hear was the echo of his voice \"Somebody! Anybody? Help.\" Arlo began to cry, tears falling into the puddles beneath his feet. His father was dead and it was all his fault. He solemnly walked back over to his deceased father and laid down next to him as he sobbed in despair. He sobbed so loudly that he didn't notice Carlos approaching him. \"Arlo\" Arlo turned his head towards his uncle \"what have you done?\" \"T…There was a f…flood and he tried to save me\" Arlo replied hysterically \"It was an accident I didn't mean for it to happen!\" \"Of course you didn't\" Carlos said as he hugged Arlo \"No one…ever means for these things to happen, but the king is dead and if it weren't for you he'd still be alive\". Arlo's eyes widened at the thought as more tears escaped his eyes. His uncle then gasped \"What will your mother think?\" \"What am I going to do?\" Arlo sniffed \"Run away Arlo, run away and never return\" Arlo hesitated at first but then he sprinted off into the distance without looking back. Carlos smiled as the three raptors approached from behind. \"Kill him\" Carlos ordered and at once the raptors gave chase. Arlo ran until he paused at a tall cliff blocking his way. He turned around and gasped in terror as the raptors started closing in on him. Arlo then jumped up and pulled himself onto the ledge just before Bubba could bite his tail. Arlo ran as fast as he could as the vile velociraptors were hot on his trail. But he stopped when he reached the edge of the cliff, the way down looked steep. He turned his head back towards the raptors who were getting closer. With no other choice he gave a mighty leap and tumbled down the cliff and landed in the middle of a cactus patch. Luckily Arlo managed to weave through them without getting pricked. Bubba's eyes widened as he saw the cactus patch \"WHOA!\" He skidded to a halt just at the edge of the cliff. He sighed in relief onto to be knocked into the cactus patch by Lurleane and Earl. Bubba yelped in pain as Lurleane and Earl laughed hysterically at him. Just as Bubba crawled back up the cliff with needles sticking in him, Lurleane spotted Arlo running off into the desert. \"Hey there he goes! There he goes!\" Bubba started pulling the needles out of his body \"So go get him!\" \"There ain't no way I'm going in there!\" Lurleane responded \"why do you want me to come out looking like you? Cactus Butt?\" Earl giggled at Bubba who was still pulling out the thorns, he glared at him and threw the thorns into Earl's face causing him to yelp. \"We're supposed to finish the job\" Bubba argued \"He's as good as dead out their anyway\" Lurleane replied \"and if he does come back, we'll kill him.\" Bubba smiled \"Yeah, you hear that ?\" he called out to Arlo \" If you ever come back, we'll kill ya!\" The three raptors laughed before heading back. Poor Arlo however was now stuck in the middle of the desert with nowhere else to go. Everything in his life was ruined, his father was dead, his family and friends would be distraught and he could never go back. It was all over.[Chapter 8] Sorry it took a while but here the next chapter. I would like to give credit to Jpblake for helping me since I found it a little more difficult to write this one. Nevertheless hope you like it. That night, the whole kingdom fell into despair when they heard about the flood. All the Apatosaurus were gathered at Claw Tooth Mountain as Carlos addressed them of the incident. \"Henry's death was a terrible tragedy; but to loose Arlo who had barely begun to live.\" Debbie comforted Ida as she wept over her dead husband and son, while poor Bala huddled against her mother as tears fell down her cheeks; her best friend was gone. \"So it is with a heavy heart that I seize the throne\" Carlos continued with a fake solemn voice. The other dinosaurs gasped when they suddenly saw velociraptors came up from behind Carlos \"yet out of the ashes of this tragedy we will rise, with the donning of a new era, where herbivore and carnivore come together in a great and glorious future!\" Meanwhile in a dark lonely cave in the middle of the forest, a certain caveman hung his head in sadness. He too, was heartbroken of the loss of Henry and Arlo. He wiped a tear from his eye as he looked at the painting of Arlo and smeared it with his hand. Little did they know that Arlo was still alive but he wouldn't be for much longer. Arlo had been running all night until both the guilt and exhaustion finally took over him and he collapsed in the middle of the desert. The sun shone straight down onto him, he would surely die of heatstroke if he laid out in it for too long. To make matters worse some pterodactyls flying in the sky had spotted him and circled him just like vultures. They descended onto the ground and started to close in on him. But before they could tuck into, two towering T-Rex's came out and charged straight at the pterodactyls chasing them away. \"YEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAHHH!\" \"Get outta here ya filthy varmints!\" The female T-Rex growled \"YEAH SCAT! Dino's are not for eatin!\"the male one roared After all the pterodatyls flew off, the female Rex snorted in satisfaction before turning to her brother \"What were they after this time Nash\" Nash looked at Arlo's unconscious form before his eyes widened. \"Holy smokes Ramsey! it's a kid!\" he realised \"What?!\" she came over and gasped \"Oh my gosh you're right!\" She put her head to his chest to check for signs of life and sighed when she heard breathing. \"Well he's still alive thank goodness but how did he even get out here?\" \"I dunno, but he'll be toast If he stays out here any longer\" Nash replied \"Then we better not waste any more time\" Ramsey said as she lifted the young dino into her arms \"let's get him outta here before those dirty dactyls decide to come back.\" The two T-Rexs carried Arlo to an oasis where they laid him under a tree with a large puddle of water next to it. Ramsey splashed the water onto Arlo to revive him. Arlo stirred as he slowly opened his eyes and gasped as he saw the larger dinosaurs. \"Hey, you okay kid?\" Nash asked with concern. Arlo was too scared to say anything \"Err…I guess so\" Arlo answered nervously \"It's alright were not gonna hurt ya, we found you out in the desert about to become pteradactyl food\" Ramsey told him \"Luckily we managed to save you\" Nash added \"Well thanks for your help\" Arlo said in a solem tone. He got up and started to walk back out to the desert, hanging his head in sadness. \"Hey where are you going?\" \"No where\" \"Dang, he looks blue\" Ramsey spoke \"What are you blind? He's green.\" Nash responded \"No pea-brain, I mean he's depressed\" \"Oh\" The tw T-Rex's approached Arlo \"Hey, what's bothering you kid\" Nash asked \"I don't wanna talk about it\" \"Well where are you from?\" Ramsey questioned hoping to get \"Doesn't matter anymore, I can't go back\" Arlo replied sadly \"Oh you're an outcast, well you're welcome to live with us, we Rex's don't really belong anywhere, we roam wherever we want\" \"Thanks\" \"Is there anything we can do?\" Nas \"Not unless you can change the past\" \"You know kid, in times like this our father always said you've gotta put your past behind ya\" Nash said \"Huh?\" \"Look. bad things happen an you can't do anything about it right?\" Ramsey asked \"Right\" \"Wrong!\" she corrected \"When the world turns its back on you, you turn your back on the world\" \"That's not what I was taught\" \"Then maybe you need a new lesson. Here, repeat after me… Hakuna Matata\" \"What?\" \"Hakuna Matata, it means no worries\" Nash explained ' Hakuna Matata' Ramsey started singing 'what a wonderful phrase' ' Hakuna matata' Nash joined in 'ain't no passing craze' Ramsey: it means no worries, for the rest of your days. The pushed Arlo into a sort of chair made of rocks and leaves while fanning him with huge leaves. Both: it's our problem free, philosophy, Hakuna Matata. \"Hakuna Matata?\" Arlo asked still confused \"It's our motto\" \"Whats a motto?\" \"Nothing what's a-motto with you?\" Ramsey joked before bursting out laughing \"You know kid, these two words will solve all your problems.\" Nash said \"That right take my brother for example.\" Ramsey said \"Why, when he was a young T-Rex\" \" When I was a young T-REX!\" Nash sang very loudly \"Very nice\" Ramsey was rubbing the side of her head to stop her ears from ringing. \"Thanks\" Ramsey: His appetite was huge and it had to be filled, He would pig the beast out during every meal Nash: I'm a sensitive soul, though I seem thick skinned And it hurt, that my friends never stood downwind And oh the shame! Ramsey: He was ashamed Nash: Thought of changing my name! Ramsey: Oh what's in a name? Nash: And I got downhearted Ramsey: Every time that I… \"Hey Nash!\" Ramsey quickly ran up and shushed him \"Not in front of the kid\" she scolded \"Oh, sorry\" Nash apologised sheepishly. Arlo just raised an eyebrow in confusion as they continued to sing. Hakuna matata, what a wonderful phrase, Hakuna Matata, ain't no passing craze Arlo began to smile as he found himself starting to move with the rhythm of the song and all of a sudden he got up and started to sing too. Arlo: It means no worries, for the rest of your days \"Yeah sing it kid!\" Ramsey said All: It's our problem free, philosophy, Hakuna Matata. \"So, ya gotta name kid?\" Ramsey asked \"It's Arlo\" Arlo replied, feeling like himself again. \"Well Arlo, if you're gonna live with us, you'll have to work with us. You see our father 'Butch' was a mighty longhorn wrangler, he'd been rounding up herds of longhorns for years and we have proudly been continuing his work\" Ramsey and Nash led Arlo to a huge field of longhorns. \"Yeah, he could round up a hundred longhorns before you could say YEEEHAAA!\" Nash sated as Arlo looked at the many longhorns that spread out over nearly half the land. \"But I don't know anything about herding\" Arlo protested \"Don't worry you'll pick it up in a jiff, we'll teach ya everything you need to know\" Nash reassured which made Arlo smile. ….. So Ramsey and Nash taught Arlo how to herd and each day he got better at it. Many years had passed since Ramsey and Nash found Arlo. Arlo had become like a little brother to them. And he wasn't a kid anymore, hr had now become a full grown adult Apatosaurus. By then, he had become a strong longhorn wrangler just like his T-Rex friends. Whenever they weren't herding loghorns, they often had fun play wrestling, telling stories of how they got scars, and who could break the most trees with one tail swipe. Each day they happily sung their song to remind them that they had absolutely no worries whatsoever. They all chanted the tune as they approached a lake. \" It means no worries for the rest of your days\" Arlo sang. \"It's our problem free philosophy\" They all chanted as one by one they jumped into the lake creating huge splashes. Now that Arlo was almost as his rex siblings soaked them both with one big cannonball. The three dinos continued to hum as they got out the lake and Arlo just help but belt it out \"HAKOOOOOOUUNAAA MATATA. HAKUNA MATATA!\" They all happily walked off into the sunset enjoying life. Arlo had long since forgotten about his old life.[Chapter 9] Here is the next chapter, sorry it took so long, I was busy. Again I want to give credit to Jpblake for inspiring me to write this. Hope it's good enough. While Arlo was gone, his sinister Uncle Carlos had taken control over claw tooth mountain. The once proud kingdom of the dinosaur lands had now become a gloomy, lifeless wasteland. The skies had turned grey, most of the plants had died and there were bones of dinosaurs scattered across the. With less rain falling and the raptors running the place; the Apatosaurus' found it harder to grow food and all the other dinosaurs herds had moved on. Everybody was miserable, all except Carlos. Carlos selfishly kept a whole pile of food for himself. He did not do anything to help the dinosaurs, He just lounged about in the cave enjoying the comfort of being king. Debbie was kept in a makeshift cage to entertain Carlos, much to her dismay. As Carlos ate a bunch of berries from a branch, Debbie drearily sang for him \" Nobody knows the trouble I've seen, Nobody knows my sorrorw.\" \"Oh Debbie do lighten up\" he threw the branch over and it hit Debbie's cage \"Sing something with a little…bounce in it\" Debbie thought for a second \" It's a small world after all…\" \"NO! NO!\" Carlos interrupted angrily \"Anything but that!\" Reluctantly, Debbie began to sing a different song \"I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts diddely dee dee, there they are all standing in a row…\" As his head moved with the rhythm, Carlos began to pick up the tune and join in. Both: Big ones, small ones, some as big as your head! While Carlos continued singing, Debbie groaned to herself \"Oh, I've never had to do this for Henry\" In a split second Carlos stopped singing and run up to Debbie's cage \" WHAT? What did you say ?\" He snarled. \"Oh, nothing!\" \"You know the law: Never speak that name in my presence understand?! I AM THE KING!\" He shoved his nose through the cage causing Debbie to hit the back of it. \"Yes sire you are the king! I…I only mentioned it to illustrate the differences in your royal managerial approaches.\" She laughed nervously \"Hey Carlos!\" Carlo's turned his head to the entrance of the cave where Bubba, Lurlene and Earl stood looking quite dissatisfied. \"Oh what is it this time?\" Carlos moaned \"We've got a bone to pick with you!\" Lurlene spoke \"I'll handle this\" Bubba said to Lurlene before looking to Carlos \"Carlos there's no food and no water\" \"Yeah its dinner time and we ain't got no stinkin entrees!\" \"Eat Debbie\" Carlos offered \"Oh No! You wouldn't want me! I'm all tough and gamey and eww\" Debbie said nervously \"Oh, Debbie, don't be ridiculous. All you need is a little garnish.\" \"And I thought things were bad under henry\" Bubba whispered to his friends. \"What!?\" Carlos snapped \"I said err…my back is hairy\" Bubba said \"Good. Now get out\" Carlos growled \"But we're still hungry\" Lurlene protested \"OUT!\" The three Raptors didn't want risk angering Carlos any further so they ran out of the cave in the blink of an eye. ….. It was night-time and Arlo, Ramsey and Nash were sitting around a campfire. They had just finished a good but hard day's work rounding up their herd and were now finally relaxing for the night. \"Phew! What a day, we really packed in those longhorns\" Nash breathed \"Yep…we sure did\" Ramsey replied before turning to Arlo \"You were great out there today Arlo, you've really become a great longhorn wrangler\" \"Gee thanks guys, it feels good doing it too.\" Arlo smiled They all then breathed in the night air, and let out a huge sigh. \"This. Is. The. Life\" Arlo stated \"You said it little brother\" Ramsey concurred \"Hey Ramsey, whaddya think the meaning of life is?\" Nash asked looking up at the night sky. \"Nash I don't think. I know. It's about working hard and doing a good job of it\" Ramsey repsonded \"Gee, I was hoping the meaning of life had something to do with food\" \"Nash with you, everything's about food\" Ramsey noted \"What about you Arlo? What do you think?\" \"Well…I dunno\" \"Aw come on, Tell us!\" Ramsey and Nash begged \"Well… Someone once told me, that everything exists in a delicate balance.\" Arlo began \"When we die our bodies become the soil, which helps to the grow plants for dinosaurs to eat, therefore connecting both living and dead in the great circle of life\" \"So basically plants are grown from dead dinosaurs?\" Ramsey asked before she and Nash burst out laughing. \"Oh that's a good one Arlo!\" Ramsey said between laughs \"Yeah, what Dimwit told ya that?!\" Nash laughed Arlo tried chuckle but couldn't hide his slight frown \"Yeah pretty dumb huh?\" As soon as the laughing died down, Arlo sighed and got up, leaving the two T-Rex's to stare at each other in confusion. \"Was it something we said?\" Nash asked as they watched Arlo walk off. Arlo walked to the edge of a cliff, hanging his head in sadness. It had been so long since he thought about his father and the terrible flood. Arlo felt tears build up at the awful memory. Oh, how he missed his father terribly. He also missed his mother and Bala too, they probably stopped thinking about him by now. With a heavy sigh he flopped down on the bunch of flowers causing the petals to fly away into the air. The breeze carried the petals all the way to a forest where Aldwin's cave stood. He sat outside meditating when he grabbed the petals and sniffed them. As soon as he sniffed them his eyes went wide. Immediately he went back inside his cave. He dropped the petals into a wooden bowl, shook them around a bit and looked at the again. \"Arlo?\" Aldwin realised \"He's alive? He's Alive!\" He cheered as he grabbed the green paint and went over to where the painting of Arlo used to be. He laughed with Joy as he began painting a new image of Arlo; A much bigger Arlo. \"It is time.\" He smiled at the new image of Arlo, it was time to find him and bring him home.[Chapter 10] Hey, sorry for updating in a long while, I've been real busy. Sorry if this chapter's a little rusty but I hope it makes up for lost time. Enjoy! The sun was shining over the grassy landscape Ramsey Nash and Arlo were herding their field of Longhorns towards the other side of the land. Arlo ran on the right side of the herd and Ramsey and Nash ran on the left. Some loose longhorns started to split off from one side. \"Quick Arlo! Head 'em off before they split!\" Ramsey called out. Arlo looked ahead to see a Rocky ridge that would cut off the loose longhorns from the herd. \"Got it Ramsey!\" Arlo used his strength to shove the longhorns to his left before they could go off in the other direction. Arlo whipped them with his tail to keep them in line. \"Whoo! Nice job little brother!\" Ramsey cheered \"Thanks!\" \"Look! We're almost there!\" Nash hollered Arlo smiled as he continued looking ahead, but his eyes widened in horror to see a dinosaur coming out from the trees and into the open field. They had their back turned so they couldn't see the oncoming herd charging towards them. \"LOOK OUT!\" Arlo yelled. He immediately picked up his speed and ran ahead of the herd towards the oblivious dinosaur. The other dinosaur only had enough time to turn around to see what was coming. As they were about to scream in fright, Arlo tackled them to one side just before the longhorns could run them over. The two dinosaurs rolled and tumbled behinds some bushes out of safety. When they stopped rolling, Arlo looked up at the dinosaur who was lying on top of him. He managed to get a good look at the dinosaur and realise it was a female Apatosaurus just like him. \"Are you alright?\" he asked her with concern The female, who had just regained her composure, stopped panting and looked down at him \"Err… yes I think so…thanks for saving me\" \"Oh It's no problem, I'm just glad you're…\" Arlo paused as he studied her features a little more. She looked surprisingly familiar….Those blue eyes. He squinted at her for a second before his eyes widened in shock. \"Wait…Bala?!\" The female dinosaur's eyes widened as she got off of Arlo. She backed a few steps away from him. Arlo took one step closer to her \"Is it really you?\" \"How do you know my name? Who are you?\" \"It's me, Arlo\" \"Arlo?\" Arlo nodded. Bala then screamed in delight as she tackled Arlo to the ground. Then they got back up and started running round eachother laughing. Bala: \"How did you…\" Arlo: \"How did you….\" Bala: \"Were did you come from?\" Arlo: \"This is so cool! It's great to see you!\" Bala: \"It's great to see YOU!\" Arlo: \"What are you doing here?\" Bala: \"What am I doing here? What are YOU doing here?\" \"Hey Arlo!\" The two friends stopped before looking to see two T-Rex's coming towards them. Bala couldn't help but gasp slightly. \"What happened back there?\" \"Yeah you were doing a great job and then you just…bolted out.\" Nash stated \"We managed to finish rounding up the longhorns and…\" Ramsey paused when she looked to Bala \"who's this?\" \"Oh guys this is my best friend Bala! Bala this is Ramsey and Nash\" Arlo introduced \"Hi\" Bala said shyly \"Well nice to meet there Miss!\" Nash greeted \"Sorry 'bout our longhorns. We didn't see you out there!\" \"That's okay, I'm just lucky Arlo was there to save me\" Bala then turned to Arlo \"I can't believe you're here! Wait till everybody finds out you've been here all this time! And your mother…what will she think?\" Arlo's features dropped \"She doesn't have to know. Nobody has to know.\" \"Of course they do! Everyone thinks you're dead\" \"They do?\" \"Yeah, Carlos told us about the flood\" \"He did? What else did he tell you?\" Arlo asked \"What else matters? You're alive\" Bala replied \"And that means… you're the King.\" \"King?!\" Ramsey scoffed \"Honey, I think you've got your dinos crossed\" \"King?\" Nash bowed and then took Arlo's foot \"Your majesty, I gravel at your feet!\" then he began to kiss it. Arlo pulled away out of disgust \"Stop that\" Arlo griped \"It's not gravel its grovel!\" Ramsey told her brother \"And don't! he's not the king! Are you?\" \"No!\" \"Arlo?\" \"No, I'm not the king. Maybe I was going to be… but that was a long time ago.\" \"Hang on a darn minute. You're a King and you never told us?\" Ramsey questioned \"Look I'm still the same guy\" \"But with power!\" Nash countered Bala who has just been standing awkwardly between them suddenly spoke up \"Hey Arlo can I talk to you alone for a minute?\" she asked \"Hey whatever you have to say, you can say in front of us.\" Ramsey responded before turning to Arlo \"Right Arlo?\" \"Uh...maybe it's best if we do talk alone.\" Ramey blinked a couple of times before looking to Nash \"It's starts. You think you know a guy\" The two T-Rex's walked off. Arlo smiled as he watched them leave \"Ramsey and Nash, you learn to love them\" Arlo turned to Bala but frowned to see her hanging her head in sadness. \"What?... What is it?\" She slowly looked up \"It's like you're back from the dead. You don't know how much this will mean to everyone….\" She started to tear up \"What it means to me.\" \"Hey it's okay\" Arlo reasured Bala then rubbed her head under Arlo's chin \"I've really missed you\". Arlo was a little surprized by Bala's sudden gesture, but then he started to nuzzle her back. \"I've missed you too\" The two Apatosaurus smiled as they rubbed heads affectionately. Meanwhile Ramsey and Nash were watching the whole thing from behind some trees. Ramsey groaned in disgust \"I'm telling you Nash, this stinks.\" \"Oh, sorry.\" \"Not you! Them!\" She gestured to Arlo and Bala as they started to walk off into the distance \"Him. Her. Alone.\" \"What's wrong with that?\" Nash asked \" I can see what's happening\" Ramsey started singing \"What?\" Nash responded \" And they don't have a clue\" \"Who?\" \" They'll fall in love and here's the bottom line, our trios down to two\" \"Oh\" \" The sweet caress of twilight, there's magic everywhere. And with all this romantic atmosphere disasters in the air\" Arlo and Bala walked side by side to a magnificent waterfall. They walked around eachother looking into eachother's gaze. Can you feel the love tonight? The peace the evening brings? The world for once in perfect harmony with all its living things They both bent down to drink from the water. Arlo: So many things to tell her But how to make her see The truth about my past impossible She's turn away from me. Bala: He's holding back he's hiding But what? I can't decide Why won't he be the king I know he is? The king I see inside? When Bala finished drinking looked up and saw Arlo smiling at her craftily at her then ran behind her, grabbed a vine in his teeth and used it to swing himself into the lake with a SPLASH! Bala ran to the edge of the water but was taken by surprise when Arlo emerged from the water and pulled Bala in with him. When they resurfaced, Arlo laughed hysterically while Bala gasped for air and pulled herself back onto the grass shivering. Arlo pulled himself out of the water only to be pushed back in by Bala. Can you feel the love tonight? The peace the evening brings? The world for once in perfect harmony with all its living things. They chased each other through a field of fireflies and ended up tumbling down a hill laughing. When they stopped, Bala kissed Arlo on the cheek taking him by surprize, he looked to see her smiling before he smiled back. Can you feel the love tonight? You needn't look too far. Stealing through the nights uncertainties, love is where they are. They stared into each other's eyes before nuzzling eachother lovingly. What they didn't know what that Ramsey and Nash were still watching them from a safe distance. They were beginning to tear up at the thought of their beloved friend leaving them to be with Bala. Ramsey: And if he falls in love tonight, it can be assumed Nash: His carefree days with us are history Ramsey & Nash: In short our friend is doomed The T-Rex siblings looked at each other before bursting into tears and embracing eachother. ","Summary":" I want to thank Jpblake and DiscordantPrincess for inspiring me to create a Good Dinosaur parody of"},{"Movie":"Good Dinosaur","Title":"The Good Dinosaur: The Sounding Of A Meteor","Author":"MegalexMaster","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12592665","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"It has been said, 'time heals all wounds.' I do not agree. The wounds remain. In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens. But it is never gone.\" - Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy. \"For what it's worth: it's never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be. There's no time limit, stop whenever you want. You can change or stay the same, there are no rules to this thing. We can make the best or the worst of it. I hope you make the best of it. And I hope you see things that startle you. I hope you feel things you never felt before. I hope you meet people with a different point of view. I hope you live a life you're proud of. If you find that you're not, I hope you have the courage to start all over again.\" - Eric Roth. \"It is certain that nothing lasts forever, even the mountains break eventually. Experience has told me that, both metaphorically and physically. But that was long ago, a long long time ago. It was chaotic back then. Our lives were changed when an asteroid smashed into the Earth, and everything around was at mercy, nothing could have stopped that. Altered by the 'unknown end' as we called it back then, we were left to our own devices to start anew. Things are different now, I'm at peace, and they're at peace.\" These few words changed my life, while they had not known where they were, they knew something had changed. When I left them, my personality had changed completely. Watching them from start to finish was something I hadn't seen before, and I couldn't wait to tell the others. But for now, you will do. Yes you, the one that's reading these pages. My mind isn't perfect, and to help with that I written everything I knew to the pages that your eyes gaze upon. There was only one problem about what they had said to me... I could have stopped it, but if I did then I would be a monster of myself for changing the norm once again. I hope I had written everything from what I saw, and with that, these are the things I saw. From start, to finish. A lonesome night it was, on the harshest of winters. The landscape was desolate with nothing but the thick white ground and the icy clear rivers. Not a single creature could walk in these harsh conditions, almost none. Animals known only to man as the Dinosaurs were the only ones who dared to travel across the landscape instead of staying by to hibernate. Dinosaurs of all sizes were able to do so if they wished, however this winter had been the harshest, and had started more than four months prior. Blizzards were common around here, with the snow packing up to at least ten feet high. This was known by the indigenous as the Eyanosa Gola, meaning 'Big Winter'. This was a winter that no one could bare to walk through, yet it did not stop two middle aged dinosaurs to do so. The first of the two was also the tallest, with his skin being a medium-dark green and walking on four, broad sturdy legs. His tail wasn't as pointy as his partner's, and he bore a more angled face with deep brown eyes. His partner on the other hand was much more bright, being a bright greenish yellow. Her body had spots that were more defined, walked on thinner legs and had a smoother, natural face with electric green eyes. Even though the blasting wind where shooting projectiles of snow at them, they were still determined to find a place to stay, a place to shelter them from the winter wind. For days they would find a candidate, but was already occupied, and had no choice but to find a home somewhere on the river - a much harsher place to be as most rivers had steep hills surrounding them. Through the river they walked on the ice, being too big to slip on it. The hills around provided some visibility from the blizzard, but only to the point of seeing the hills on either side of the river, that is until something caught their attention. The hills were getting higher and steeper, and the trunks of trees were no longer seen on the sides due to said steepness. It was certain that something was different here, but it wasn't known at the time what it was. The wind started to wither out as they got deeper into this v-shaped valley, the river being too thin to walk upon. Twists and turns filled the valley as it got ever thinner, to the point where it seemed like it would be impassible... but it didn't, instead it opened out fully. A sudden silence of things signaled that the wind had died down completely. In front of them was a wide open valley, the nearest hill being miles away. The grass had snow on it, but only a feet deep. This was the perfect spot to set up a permanent home base, sheltered from the elements and provided with fertile grass for spring. Settling down, they gathered the nearest supplies to create a basic, wooden house; just big enough for the two to sleep in. For now it wasn't time to rest, now was time to start anew. Using all their willpower, they cleared out the trees and snow for a small patch of land in front of the newly built homestead. And with that came the birth of a new future, one not of cold and desolate, but one of warmth and safety... one of peace. \"You did it Henry.\" \"No Ida, we did it.\" Events on Earth could not be more alive than ever, contrasted with the cold outside space, where things were in perfect order. The Sun blazing as always, Mercury baked as always, Venus toxic as always, and the rest of the planets being as they had already been for billions of years. Nothing had changed, even the asteroids of the inner and outer system had been inactive. But there's more to space than just the solar system, a vast universe that's alive not in millions but in billions of years, and with it, a large asteroid 100 miles wide hurtling through space. It had came from somewhere unknown, but that was not the important of matters, what was important was where it was going; towards to solar system. These things, in the time space of the universe happen commonly, but from the eyes of Earth and the creatures upon it wasn't heard of. Every time one did come through, it would always be the same fate, kicked out again or swallowed by the gas giants. But this time was different, the universe had finally aimed right to cause a stir, and was set in motion to unleash full havoc wherever the asteroid went. This time the universe could see drama unfold as there was now only one destiny for this chosen one. Earth. Hello everyone! Surprised? Well... Surprise! Another story for this series, not linked to any of the others at all ;). This one I've been planning all the way back since Henry's Long Adventure, but had only started actual research around it when Peter's Machine Between Worlds came out. In my personal opinion PMBW lacked something that I wanted to put into a lot of these stories: emotion. There wasn't enough emotion put into the story, and for that I wanted to make it up by making this one stand out. Some of the plot points leading to the Meteor's arrival are going to be from some of the deleted scenes/original plot of The Good Dinosaur. In fact you just saw one, there was an image in the story board of the original involving two dinosaurs travelling through snow, carrying resources. I made this out as Henry and Ida finding a place to set up both a home and a family, so chapters 1 and 2 are going to be just that. And from that I can say that the plot leading up to the Meteor is going to be really slow. So there's that! Anyways I hope you enjoyed the start of this new story, be on the look out for more chapters to come! Next chapter: Baby Steps[Chapter 2] Life around the mountains was most sublime, there were no creatures to disturb and calmer weather meant crop yields would be bigger than ever. They had not been there for a week and were already moving boulders and trees around to setup their first big farm. Taught by their own parents before, they used a variety of techniques to build a tool used to distribute seeds across the field. Some slip ups occurred during the removal of the wooden homestead and the construction of a larger, stone-built homestead, the time alone just to keep the stones in place gave much hassle. It was soon appreciated that carving the stone over time would provide a stronger build for the homestead, which it did. Two months had past since they first arrived and their new home was complete! Now they wouldn't have to make their home whenever it was too windy, which they learned the hard way with a prototype half way in construction. So they had a home, a small field with plans of a bigger one, and a river nearby acting as both drinking water as well as for watering the crops. All they needed now was some place to store the crops in time for winter, which usually blows in the opposite direction of what happened last time. Things would be different next time and they would feel the full force of it. So they got to it. \"Pass me the wood won't you?\" Henry asked in a light but rather orderly fashion. But that was usual of him and Ida didn't really bother if he was a little stern sometimes, if anything she was more so than he was. So in response she did, though only just barely managed to pass it over before collapsing, the wood rolling toward Henry. Concerned, he whisked the log off the ground as if it was a child's stick, before slamming it into the ground- a booming sound generated from the action. Moving toward Ida, he helped get her back onto her feet. \"Look, if it's too much, I'll easily do it for you.\" He calmly spoke, smiling gently whilst fixated at her eyes. She did the same and smiled, before heading toward the small field to manage the crops. Over time they assigned each other and themselves to certain tasks, building and clearing out more and more over the next year. No matter what happened though, the pair always had something to laugh or enjoy about at the end of the day. There was this one hot day in the summer where Henry was tired from the heat, and accidentally Ida sprayed ice cold water at him instead of the crops, which devolved to a water fight between the couple. It was all fun and games tied in with serious teamwork and experience, to create a masterpiece of a home. Their home was now littered in comfy hay, and the field was fully complete. They even had a pen of chickens, which took all day to get them inside. But alas, they knew this place wouldn't live up forever when they were no longer here, eventually they would be too old to manage such a place efficiently enough to keep it alive. And they knew this from the start, but grew more concerning as they added more effort into the place over time. And there wasn't much new to do anyways apart from explore elsewhere, which was a problem as this was an area that other animals could raid in after all. There was only one thing they hadn't thought of until now; create a true, perfect family. The end of spring on the second year, the air was warming up, and the sun cast its golden rays onto the ground. Snow had melted a month prior, and was only on the mountains they now called \"Clawtooth Mountain\", for obvious reasons. The sky was littered with light feathery clouds that moved as slow as moss, however that didn't stop the river from churning as usual. In fact the river was raging enough to be heard a mile off, not common but known more than when it's calm. With usual chores, Henry ambled over to the rapid river and bent down, opening his gaping mouth and taking in a massive heap of water. Without swallowing it, he carried it over toward the crops, before opening his mouth just enough for the water to fan out across the entire field without turning his head more than 30 degrees. By the time he was done, the plants were well-watered, shining against the sun. Looking once more at the crops, he smiled in appreciation for what they had created, the sound of the water had unintentionally created a calm mood, and it felt like things could be the same fore- \"Henry, it's time!\" Ida called out excitingly from the homestead, with that Henry too flared up with excitement. Rushing over, they both looked toward the eggs that were in front of them, being well lit by both the entrance and some skylights up top, a golden aura emanated from their surroundings. The hay was all lit up, and above all else, they were ready for whatever the future had in store for them. There were three eggs in front, the first two were usual in size, and had already started showing signs of opening up. Only things to concern them was the third one, which was almost twice the size as the other two, whoever was inside this one was going to be special. Calm faded, another kick from the first egg, this time much more powerful and created a rather big crack along the top. Growing in size as more kicks came forth, the top soon popped open like a lid of a fresh jar, albeit without the same POP sound. The newborn who looked up smiled and laughed as she saw her parents. Henry and Ida looked at each other, expressing their new parenthood, looking back the newborn had already left the scene. Almost gobsmacked, they were soon relieved when the newborn had somehow managed to climb on Ida's back, sliding down her neck and almost hit the ground - stopped when Ida caught her by the tail. As she laughed in excitement, Ida teasingly said \"You little sneak, stay here Libby.\" No sooner had she announced Libby's name, Henry calmly repeated the name, before another crack was heard. This time all three of them snapped back to the main attraction. It wasn't long before this egg hatched, and out came a more robust looking youngster. Unlike Libby who had the bright skin of her mother and brown eyes of her father, this one had the dark skin of his father and green eyes of his mother. Almost out of instinct, he had caught sight of the nearest rather large stick, more like a club, and started hitting his fathers ankle with it. Henry was amused by this sight and responded \"Now slow down there Buck, you're gonna give your poppa a bruise.\" knowing that it wouldn't actually cause a bruise, but said so to make Buck stop, which he did. While they were having fun with the two kids, the third and final egg had moved, ceasing all the noise from all of them. Anticipated by whoever could be in the egg, Buck didn't have the patience to wait and started using the club. \"Get outta there you little rascal.\" Henry remarked, moving Buck away from the egg before he could open it up fully. \"All right this is gonna be a big one.\" Henry added, but as soon as he said that, the top fully cracked and moved up a bit. Slowly, a small head rose from the egg and looked toward the family. There was only one problem, if this one was as small as the others, how was it able to peak its head out of the egg? Encouraging it to climb out, there was something underneath this one that moved, and made this newborn fall onto the ground. With the third out, they peaked a little closer, and their question had been answered... A fourth egg was inside the third one, the two were flabbergasted by this; the others only confused. This was something new and truly unique, not ever has one seen such a thing. Before they could say anything of the slightest, the final egg had cracked slightly. Staring at the sight, they watched as the side of the egg cracked open. From it, a small newborn inside, looked up to the two and unlike the other three coward to the back of the egg. Henry laughed slowly as he grabbed the egg and tilted it so that they could see the newborn once more. \"A bit nervous isn't he?\" Ida remarked, \"It's okay little one, come on out.\" Henry encouraged, sure enough the newborn got to some bearings with the new environment and soon calmed down, walking slowly and fluidly, as if he would fall at any moment. No sooner did he get out of the egg, he couldn't stop himself from naturally falling head first. The calm quickly faded as Buck went over and started hitting the young fella with the same small club. \"BUCK!\" Henry snapped, Buck quickly knew at that point to back off, and with that the four walked swiftly past their parents out the entrance. Stopping to embrace the sight outside, the fourth couldn't stop and fell over, still getting used to walking. \"Slow learner, huh?\" Ida whispered amusingly. \"Ah don't worry, he'll get there. Just needs the motivation.\" Henry replied, noticing that they were all looking behind to the mountains. \"That's Clawtooth Mountain, and this is our farm.\" \"And we're all going to take care of it, together.\" All four of the kids were now running, chasing each other happily. At some point the parents had to stop them from leaving their sight, but laughed it off. It was they had realised they had not named the last two of their offspring. Moving toward the third, they had no idea what to name her. She wasn't as electric as Libby, and she wasn't strong like Buck was - but she also wasn't as nervous as their fourth newborn. It was a difficult decision to make. Meanwhile, the fourth had managed to step away from his parents' sight, and had mindlessly wandered to the back of the homestead. At this time, the fencing around the farm was small of an area, a bit too small, allowing any unwanted creature to come close with almost no detection; especially when kids have to be looked after. Speaking of unwanted creatures, the bushes around the fence line had started to shudder. Instead of moving away, the fourth one decided that things were safe around the farm, and proceeded to walk toward the bushes. The rustling of the bushes only got ever more intensive as he walked closer to them. It was then that the rustling stopped, cut short by reptilian jaws slicing through the bushes, and extended far enough to grab the fourth before going back through. As the creature was racing away ready to eat the young, it stopped when a large booming sound from in front bellowed. \"Stay away from my child, you beast!\" Henry roared out loud, the reptilian letting go in the process. That was the last thing it could do before Henry's tail smacked it as far as the I can see. Reaching down below, he soon saw the state the young one was in, bunched up into a ball-almost. \"Hey there, it's okay. As long as you stay by us, we'll protect you, okay?\" Henry calmly spoke, the young one poked its head and and stood up, before climbing up to the top of his head. \"Now let's get you home.\" Walking back to the farm, it was apparent that his shouting wasn't unnoticed, \"What was all that about?\" Ida glared at Henry, \"Look, he's okay and that's all that matters. Besides, I really see something in him.\", \"At least we have a name for Verena over here. You got a name for him?\" Henry chuffed, thinking of a good name to give this special one of his. Of all names he could think of, only one stood out. \"Yes, I do. Come here... Arlo.\" As things were quietening on Earth, the asteroid remained determined on its course, the solar system does however have a multiple defenses, especially from an alien asteroid. A trillion barren comets, some as large or larger than the asteroid in question, are the first line of defense. Only problem is despite the fact that there are a trillion of them, span across the largest space around the solar system, meaning that no two of these comets naturally get closer than 50,000 miles from each other. Marking the first weakness, the 100 mile-wide asteroid had started to cross this defense. Time: 11 Years, 2 Months, 0 Days, 1 Hour and 5 Seconds until impact. Here it is, second chapter. Turns out the plot might be a bit more paced than I initially put it at, which means the meteor might come in at around chapter 10 instead of more along the lines of chapter 50. The near end of this chapter was inspired by a very conspicuous deleted scene for The Good Dinosaur, which can only be seen on the Digital HD version (I don't have it unfortunately so I had to go off by memory, tried looking for the video of it but it was deleted and I thought I made it up, but no, there's a bunch of articles describing the deleted scene titled \"The Attack\"). For me personally this deleted scene gives me evidence of how Arlo's fear isn't because he's naturally weak, but because of something that happened shortly after birth, watch the film again and see how many times Arlo gets frightened of something in the bushes, or his interpretation of the flash flood. Wow, long paragraph there, I seem to be doing those a lot. Is it okay if I do it in large chapters or is it preferred to be in smaller chunks? Anyways I hope you enjoyed the chapter, there's plenty more to come! Notable Facts: Verena means 'Defender' for a reason, Arlo means 'brave' for a reason too. Next chapter: Fun and Chores[Chapter 3] Throughout the many weeks and months, Henry and Ida worked hard to both manage their new kids, whilst also keeping the farm managed. It couldn't last too long, the kids were starting to get older, and teaching them how to manage the farm together was the only essential way to keep succeeding. As the next year rolled by they taught them how to do certain basics, but not much that actually contributed to the homestead and farm. Winter rolled around and for most of that time there was little that actually happened. By the time spring came around, most of the family had lost their enthusiasm. Change was in desperate need, and the only way to do that was to get them to work. It was on the 100th day since winter ended that Henry went over to Buck, who looked hungry for something to do. \"You okay there Buck? You seem a bit...\", \"Bored? Guess you could tell a mile off, you don't have anything for me to do around here, do you?\" He asked, he must've be really bored to ask straight away Henry thought, it was much easier to get Buck in gear than he anticipated. \"Hmm, there is one thing I guess you can do today. You see those trees there?\" Turning his head to a few trees just to the side of the homestead, he continued. \"I was planning on removing them today, but... you think you can handle it?\" As soon as he mentioned something that meant the possibility of doing an activity, Buck lit up with excitement \"Don't worry papa, I can do it before you even know it!\" He said, determination and excitement both mixed and emphasized into his voice, before running over to them. Meanwhile Ida was planning something with Libby, but couldn't see where she had gone to. All over Ida searched, until just in front of the large field, she was there doing something to the ground. Upon closer inspection, it looks as if she was trying to plow the field, using any of her feet, and sometimes her tail, but none of it worked. Looking up, Libby shrieked, surprised that Ida was right in front of her.(edited) Both of them looked at each other for only a second before bursting out laughing. \"You really are quite the jumper aren't you Libby?\" Still laughing, though more subtle, Libby replied \"Yeah, not as much as Arlo, but yeah...\" She sounded more cheery than Buck had, probably because unlike him she was actually doing something \"Just uh, a little stuck on how to plow, can't get the lines straight.\" Ida already what she was doing wrong, and so gave here mere advice. \"Just use your head, that's what Henry does.\" As Ida walked away, Libby was left confused, \"Does she mean think about where exactly to plow or- wait a second!\" jumping into action, she immediately stretched her neck so that her nose was going into the dirt before walking forward. Henry took notice of what Libby was up to and moved over to Ida, \"So what you you tell her.\", \"Not much, just to use her head as you do. They're learning so fast... But what about them?\" Ida said, referring to Arlo and Verena. Verena watched as Arlo tried his best to stack some corn from the plants that had died during the winter, which weren't as soon became apparent that everytime the corn pile fell, Arlo would jump for some reason. As she watched Ida move towards him, it was obvious that he became nervous. There was a nearby chicken pen that the two were walking to, as Ida left Arlo she soon realised that Arlo was given the job of feeding the chickens. However as she studdied everything that happened, it was getting obvious that Arlo was afraid of- \"Whatcha doing there?\" A familiar deep voice uttered from her right. It was so smooth yet so sudden that she jumped out of her skin in fright, however upon further inspection she looked up to see Henry towering over her, smiling. \"Oh, it's just you. For a moment I thought it was Buck doing his thing again. Anyways, have you noticed?\",\"Yeah I've noticed, poor guy. Be lucky you have someone like him Verena. Arlo might be a bit timid now, but I believe in him, and he believes in me. If it wasn't for my actions he wouldn't even be here, and now me and him are bonded. I have a job for you, one of the most important jobs in the farm, if not the most important job in the farm.\" What possible role could be that important? Verena thought, leading her to ask Henry what he expected, she should have guessed he'd interrupted her before she could finish. \"Your role, Verena, is to take care of him.\" \"Take care, of him? But he's-\" \"He's just scared of the world. A creature tried to attack him shortly after his birth, probably scared for life after that. In that case, I need you to guide him to so that he can no longer fear those things. He won't survive out there, but with you I'm sure he'll find a way. Give it time, and he'll be greater than you or me. Trust me! \" Although doubtful about his words, Verena knew that he was right in some way that she did not know at this stage in life. Looking back, she saw Arlo run out from the pen, racing in their direction. \"Now now Arlo take a deep breath, what happened?\", \"Papa, Joey is the worst in the coup!\" Verena felt slightly left out in the conversation, but in some ways that was a good thing, it gave her the opportunity to see how their conversation went and could use that when bonding with Arlo. \"So, Verena, why don't you help Arlo here for today huh?\" Jumping back to reality, she knew there was a piece of talk that she missed, so she immediately replied with \"Okay yeah sure!\" Without realizing it until they got to the pen. For the rest of the day, things didn't go too badly. Buck finished only half of the trees, but for his age that was really something- the fact that he could even chop down one tree at this time was surprising yet alone half a dozen. Autumn came around quickly and fairly on time, and with six members gathering the corn it had been completely emptied in less than a day. Winter followed, with the family much more happy. For the days where the entire area was covered in deep snow, they would gather some up and throw at each other, albeit difficult. Arlo and Verena teamed against Buck and Libby; the one time when they'd get along. Almost all the time the latter team would win. It was only when Henry gave a new strategy for beating them that things got interesting, instead of using their necks and mouths to throw it, they used their tails. Winter had passed, and things had once again started to repeat. Libby was given the job to water the crops, though that was extremely difficult to do. A new idea had come around about how to execute this. As Buck walked past the corn field, Libby stalked him from inside the field, ready to strike at the right moment. He was now walking right in front of her, and so she sprayed a mouthfull of water, with a direct hit! \"Agh, Libby!\" By the tone of his voice she knew she'd annoyed him, and it was obvious what was going to happen. However she was much faster than his aim, and could tease him by popping out of the field every now and then. Like a guide she directed where he sprayed across the fields, and with that her job was done. Walking out, Buck still had some water to spray her with, though barely any. \"Hey mom, I'm done watering!\" She chirped, their mother turning towards them \"Good job Libby!\" She said happily, before turning to Buck, changing emotion almost instantly as if there was a fight. \"Buck, get back to work.\", \"What!?\" Buck shrieked, Libby started turning and, with a smug-ish face, spoke \"Thanks Buck!\" Rather annoyed, he swore to himself that he would one day get her, even if it meant using others in the process. Yeah sorry for not uploading this yesterday, had to watch the Perseid Meteor Shower which was spectacular. Has put me back a bit so next chapter will be up tomorrow and that other chapter for PMBW will be done on Tuesday (a bit of work for me wow). Anyways, nothing too much to say about this chapter. I hope to see you guys in the next chapter! Notable Facts: None what-so-ever. Next chapter: Building Bonds[Chapter 4] Days rolled by. Sleep, eat, chores, sleep and repeat. It was always like that, and it seemed that's all it would ever be. Not once did they question the outside world, home was all they needed, that's what it seemed like. As they turned 3 years old, they were starting to ask more questions. However they soon realised that answers were limited in a world like this. Many questions arose, but only a select few could be answered to an acceptable degree. It came to the point where Henry and Ida were questioning each other how long they could keep their children, as the farm couldn't be their home for all their lives. Those questions didn't come around every day though, as the days that weren't questioned were those to have fun on. Buck and Libby, they did their thing with each other, getting older they would argue more. At first it was silly things, but that would change. Apart from the arguing they would try to prove each other better than the other by pulling of pranks. As always they would start small, but they grew and grew. It had come to the point where they couldn't directly achieve it, and would need bait. And you could probably guess who they used. Arlo. They would use him for their pranks, and he would be none-the-wiser, thinking that they were going after him. But things like that wouldn't last, Verena quickly learned from observing what they were doing, she and Arlo had a thing where they would switch, and they did. They looked almost identical, apart from the slight difference in skin color and height, but it was close enough to fool them. Verena would sometimes break their plans before they started, and sometimes she would play along, pretending to be Arlo. Arlo was safe from their ideas, that's all that mattered to Verena. Eventually, they stopped tricking each other, they couldn't find new ideas. So they went back to arguing. Henry and Ida witnessed it all, however they didn't intervene for a reason. It gave Verena an opportunity to have experience protecting him: Arlo. They were clever, and their children wouldn't know their intentions until later in their life, when it would seem too late. But getting back on track, the old silo was no more, they needed a new one. Arlo was also needing something, Henry could tell a mile off that Arlo felt, disconnected. \"Hey son, how 'ya doing?\" Henry spoke, Arlo looking up slowly. At that point in time the world around them slowed to a crawl, as if time had stopped. \"I'm fine pa, really.\" Henry shook his head, \"No... no you're not fine. You have that... look, on your face. It's one I'm familiar with, it that look you give to someone to make them go away, but deep down inside you need them. Am I right?\" As he said those words, Arlo knew more and more that he couldn't hide his loneliness, and it was showing. \"You're lonely, aren't you? Buck is teasing you, Libby doing the same, your mama doing chores. But what about me and your other sis'? Come on son, lets do some family stuff for once, what do 'ya say?\" It took a long time before Arlo could speak, he knew that if he'd say no, he'd be letting not only his father down, but himself too. But doing something for a change was kind of scary for him, I could tell, and so could Henry. \"Okay then, what is it papa?\" Henry smiled, \"We're gonna need to find the right spot okay? Lets go.\" Arlo caught up with Henry as he walked slowly, around the area they went, the ground seemed too dry or too wet or too uneven anywhere they went. There was however one spot, by the river and next to a lone tree. It was perfect. \"This seems like a good spot.\" Henry said, mostly to himself, before lowing his head down to Arlo's height. \"Arlo, you're gonna help me build a silo.\" He announced, just loud enough for both of them to hear. As Henry walked away Arlo followed, to a pile of logs that were cut down previously. Turning his head to the left and right, Henry's neck clicked, before he lowered himself to grasp hold of not one, but two large logs. Arlo saw a rather large twig that he thought he could lift on his own. He tried pulling once, nothing happened, pulling for a second time did nothing either. But with all his might on the third try, he eventually managed to lift it, and it seemed lighter once he got hold of it. As he walked back to the ideal spot, he and the log was pulled up by Henry, who had actually been holding the log the entire time. Arlo laughed and so did Henry, before Arlo lost his grip. \"Stand back Arlo.\" As he stepped back, Henry got a firm hold of the log, before slamming it vertically into the ground. Arlo could of sworn the ground around moved. \"Papa, will I be like you some day?\" As Arlo questioned the future so innocently, Henry froze. He turned back to Arlo with a smile. \"You'll be me, and more.\" He said proudly, Arlo lit up, before he and Henry went back to get more wood. Once they had done with the wood, the next part were the stones, Arlo could only just carry one at a time, while Henry could easily hold six. Piece by piece they built the shell. When Arlo was tired, they would rest, and sometimes pull pranks on others. There was one point where they saw Buck and Libby arguing across the field. \"Wanna see how far I can throw Arlo?\" Arlo nodded twice, with that Henry got old of a pebble with his teeth, before throwing it in the direction of the two. The pebble hit Buck, and that triggered them enough to start fighting. Meanwhile Henry and Arlo watched, trying to hold in the laughter. Another time, they were behind some bushes, peaking through to see some ripe purple berries that were layed out. Ida was setting them up, however Henry and Arlo could resist and grabbed hold of about a dozen or so. They layed back while eating them, before being suddenly interrupted when Ida came through the bushes, catching them... red handed? hmm, I'll get back to you on that phrase, anyways... \"Did you guys steal some berries?\" She conveyed in a cold manner. Both Henry and Arlo shook their heads, their mouths full and surrounded by purple berry juice. \"Three can play at that game!\" She said, much more lighter. Grabbing a bunch of berries, she ate them, before shooting some purple berry juice at both of them, their faces now covered. It was awkward for a split second, before all of them had burst out in laughter. In this story, I could say that this was one of the times that Arlo felt whole, truly himself, a golden age if you could say. However, a golden age could not last forever. In this case, things started to fall, albeit barely noticeable. Out in the cold, dark emptiness of space, the asteroid rolled by. Now the big challenges were coming. Saturn; one of the largest planets in the solar system, was one of the great defenders of Earth from such a threat. Equipped with a large ring system and tens of moons to take the blow, Saturn's defense is matched only by Jupiter and the Sun. The asteroid came streaming by, the problem however, is that the rings are too thin, and the moons are only rarely in the right place, at the right time. Now, only a few things stood, between Life, and death. It's getting close, but we still have a few years to go right? We'll see what Jupiter has in store for next chapter! I really don't have much to say. Things might get busy for me, for some reason I'm preparing for that Eclipse in America even though I'm in the UK. What is wrong with me? Ha, anyways, you might have noticed two things. The first, the structure of the chapters are now in thick paragraphs, rarely any one liners. This is intentional, and I can say that the structure will evolve. The second, there's a \"first person\" perspective in this, as well a third. I can not say why that's included, you'll have to find out at the end of this story, or maybe some other story ;) Hope you guys stay around for the next chapter. I'm glad this one's starting to get a bit of attention. I've noticed that with each story I make there is less views for them, I'm gonna try to change that here by making as many chapters for this story as possible. Notable Facts: The deleted scene \"Building The Silo\" is included in this chapter, That makes 2 of the 3 main deleted scenes. The third one however will not be included, for reasons I have yet to show. Next chapter: Drama Ways[Chapter 5] Over the span of years to come by, the 4 siblings grew up alongside one another. Winter came every now-and-then, with a sheet of white covering the landscape, before being torn apart by the might of the spring and summer seasons, before repeating many times. By now, Arlo and brother and his sisters were all 6 years of age, they were over three times their size before, and had matured very much so since. Well, most of them had done so. Of all 4 of them, Arlo was still in fear of anything that looked like it would pounce on him at any moment. Though he may have forgotten the time just after his birth where he was nearly taken away, the subconscious mind knew it enough to embed the fear in him. There was one, interesting day, that stood from the rest. Dawn surrounded the homestead, where the sun had started to transform the clouds to a pinkish-red colour, and the smallest of objects created shadows that casted long, slender bodies. Only two things in particular made a sound at this time, the natural sounds, like the birds singing and the wind whispering... and the other being the loud thumping sounds, emanating from the footsteps Henry made. By the time everyone else had woken from their usual slumber, the sun had already peaked out from the clouds that layed low on the horizon. Arlo, Buck, Libby and Verena were all still in a state of being half-asleep, with Ida and Henry being the ones fully roused. As the time got to the equivelent of 11:00 am, everyone had gathered around the silo. \"Put your mark on it, Henry. You earned it.\" Ida said gracefully, Hnery let out a small smirk, before the siblings cheered on. \"Yeah, Poppa do it!\" \"Come on!\" \"Yeah!\" \"Go on!\" \"Only if your momma does it first. If anyone's earned a mark around here it's her.\" Henry said cheerly, moving out of the way to allow Ida to place her foot in the mud adjacent to the silo before lifting it up midway, placing it on one of the larger stones of the silo. Releasing it revealed a very clear footprint, the siblings looked at it in awe as Henry did the same creating a larger, comparably-shaped footprint. Ida ovserved the heights of the footprints, and immediatly noticed that one was higher than the other. \"D-Did you just place yours higher than mine?\" Ida imparted, Henry merely glanced at it before riposting with \"What? Nah, 'tis just the angle you're looking at it.\" in a light, mocking tone. \"The 'angle', huh?\" Ida rhetorically asked, moving sideways so that she'd lightly bounce off of Henry's side. As they looked at each other for a split second, the siblings couldn't help but start to do the same, each placing their feet in the mud. Quickly Henry noticed them and stalled their effort \"Now hold on there. It's not as simple as that. You gotta earn your mark- by doing something big. Something... bigger than yourself. One day, you'll all make your marks... and I just can't wait to see it.\" He expressed, intentionally eyeing towards Arlo at the last part. The years went by once more. From that day forward, all the siblings were set, on their own race, to get their mark on the silo; to prove of their strengths. Autumn went to Winter- to sping, then summer; and then autumn again. Only a year had passed before Buck managed to earn his mark: Clearing out an entire field of trees set for a new field of corn. On the day he earned it, Libby and Verena stood poudly to see him place his mark on the silo. Arlo however, had come out of nowhere running from the chickens. Henry and Ida looked at each other, while Verena and Libby merely glanced for a moment; at the time, it didn't seem like a problem. 'He'll learn' they all thought. A few more years had gone by, the once young siblings had all turned 9 at this time. Libby soon got her mark too: Using the cleared field to plow about 20 lines. Placing her mark, Verena stood before and started to worry, which strengthened when Arlo once again ran from the chickens- this time accidentally running into Buck and knocking him over. As Buck let out a groan and a complaint of annoyance, she could hear Henry and Ida next to her talk about Arlo. \"He'll figure it out.\" Henry said nervously. At this point, Verena knew that eventually she'd get a mark; and Arlo would be the last. Having known Arlo more than most in the homstead area, she knew how Arlo'd react if he knew he was the last to place his mark; it would be a statement that he would be the runt of them all, and knowing how Buck and Libyb like to tease, they'd be all over him on it. Worrying just a little too much about it, Verena decided to intentionally not get her mark, if it meant sacrificing her reputation, it would be worth it. More and more years rolled by, an unusual side-effect of Verena being 'weak' took place. She learnt from Arlo how not to get a mark, and with that she acted more like him. From this, everyone else had a harder time knowing who was who. There were times Verena went to feed the chickens instead of Arlo, which no doubt was confusing. While it was tempting to get Arlo his mark by pretending to be him, she knew that would be the most un-loyal thing to do. The 'golden age' had long passed. Buck had grown more and more annoyed of Arlo, and the relationship between them was slowly being eroded away. Verena was always there to help Arlo, pretending to be someone else had quirks when the bully doesn't know who's who. In the vast, frozen depths of space, the asteroid that had once bene so massive had now been reduced. Ever since it passed, and nearly got destroyed by Jupiter, the now-60 mile wide asteroid had been dormantly drifting towards the asteroid belt, where many asteroids orbited the firery ball that is the Sun. Now normally, asteroids are so far apart that collisions are at times more rare than a solar eclipse. In this occasion, the results were not in the favour of the asteroid. A titanic collision between the two asteroids, and a new threat occured. As a result of the collision, a cloud of miniscule asteroids surrounded the largest of the asteroids; about 9miles wide, this was the final form of an asteroid with only one destination: Earth. And now with an armada of smaller, but still deadly asteroids, this was something the life on Earth was not prepared for. And on this day; Arlo, Buck, Libby and Verena had just turned 11, sitting out their usual lives oblivious to the unstoppable power. A/N: Okay yes, this is a rather short chapter on my end, however I've come to realise that you don't need a \"minimum word count\" for every chapter. While it's not okay to have chapters less than 10 words (how would a proper chapter work like that anyways?) it's okay to have something like this. It's taken me so long to come to this conclusion, but now that I know, chapters are gonna be a bit more varied. The \"minimum\" however has been lowered massively to 500 words, I know I just contradicted myself but it's more of a way to motivate me than as a mandatory bar. I feel more relaxed with this, and I can now do chapters normally, I think I've wanted it to be this way for a long while but never realised it. Anyways, the main event is probably gonna be in a couple of chapters, rather than 5 chapters away. There's still a problem in which I somehow make a story less than 20 chapters long. I feel like I could do with a longer story, and with that I've also realised that not every story has to tie in with the plot as much as every other chapter. While this won't be in effect for quite some time, I'll be implementing it later on. I hope you've all enjoyed, and I'll see you all next chapter! Next chapter: Switcheroo Fun Facts: The asteroid that kileld the dinosaurs IRL is theorised to be 9 miles wide, rather than 6 miles wide. This measurement was made thanks to a team of researchers who drilled down into the rocks at the very site of the crater. Other stuff has been theorised about it, which I'll talk about in later chapters.[Chapter 6] Daybreak with no clouds in the sky was a rare, but beautiful sight. Draping over the land as the sky mimicked a rainbow, without the green. If one were to pan their head from the day to the night, the spectaular gradient of yellow to orange to red to blue to purple, would be just about as close to the definition of perfect as one could ever get. For the Apatosaurs however, it was a usual autumn sunrise. Like clockwork, Henry was the first to wake and survey the territory they had for any devious acts that could of taken place in the night. Excluding the few stems of corn in the field that had been stripped, nothing was out of place. Seemed as though any critters that did come round either knew not to take too much, or just wanted something small. Either way, Henry was pleased to some extent, as it meant that the silo he built previously had indeed worked. Gazing upon the mountains that seemed to loom over, the only clouds that were drifting by gave the illusion that the mountains were goign to fall. But it didn't matter to him, he understood the concept that no force on Earth could possibly move, deform or destroy a mountain as grand as the Clawtooth Mountains. Nonetheless, they stood tall and mighty, as if they were guarding the entire landscape that layed in front. By mid-morning, everyone had already woken up, and were well off into their chores. Henry however had been observing verena for quite sometime, and had started to believe that she was up to something. One thing convinced him more than anything else; she had been starting to mimic Arlo's voice for the past couple of days. Knowing that she couldn't go on like this, Henry walked up to her while she was not looking. \"Verena, I need a word with you.\" He instructed, howbeit Verena wouldn't follow. \"Look, I know something's up. I'm always here if you need to talk about anything...\" \"I'm fine Henry, don't worry about me.\" Verena mumbled. Henry however would have none of it. \"You're not fine. You've been acting rather off for... well about a couple of years now. You seem to be even more so just recently. Is it the whole-\" \"Mark thing? Yes it is Henry.\" Verena said displeasingly. \"How so? It's not that challenging you know.\" Henry tried his best to ease the tension tha had grown, but instead only made it worse. \"Oh really? Why don't you tell Arlo that and see what he says then.\" Verena snapped, before storming off. Henry was left there bewildered by what had happened. While Verena was walking, she'd look over to the chicken pen to see how Arlo was doing, and quickly found out that Buck had just scared him away. As everyone else looked onto the scene, Verena noticed that Buck had suddenly moved so that it seemed like he wasn't part of it. Being the one responsible for Arlo, this enraged Verena more than ever. There was just one thing however that stopped her from calling Buck out for his schemes; an idea. In idea of tricking Buck so that he'd never mess with Arlo again. During the afternoon of the very next day. Arlo instinctively wandered over to Ida, who was ready to give him the corn needed to feed the chickens once more. \"Psst.\" A sound to Arlo's right side emitted from the bushes. One part of him was frightened enough to hide behind the field of corn, the other half was curious as to what exactly made the sound and of course, curiosity got the better of him. Turning over to the bushes, he heard another \"Psst.\" albeit louder. Walking closer and closer, he had suddenly been grasped and pulled through the bushes. Trying to let out a scream of help, his mouth was covered by a... tail? And a familiar one too. \"Hey-hey-hey-hold on now Arlo calm down.\" Verena quickly whispered. \"It's okay, it's just me, breath in... breath out... there.\" She let go of his mouth. \"What are you doing Verena!? You have to stop scaring me like that.\" Arlo screached, soon realising he was at the back of the homestead. \"I know I know, this time's different. There's something I wanted to talk to you about, it's about Buck...\" \"Him huh? Don't worry about it. He's rough at times but I know that one day I can pull through it.\" Arlo exclaimed. Funny thing about him was that he would always see the good side of things until the moment they went bad. \"No, it's not as simple as that. As long as you keep running away he'll see you as an easy target. What you need to do is to give 'im what he deserves.\" \"You mean you want me to scare him? You know me enough to know that's not possib-\" \"Then I'll do it for you.\" Verena interrupted, taking Arlo aback. \"You don't have to do that for me. Besides, he's never gonna believe you're me.\" Verena smiled evily, before mimicking Arlo's voice. \"You sure about that? Surprised huh? Learned how to do it over the years.\" She paused, \"Now. Here's how things are going to go. First, I will go out to Ida and-\" \"And what?\" Henry asked, peaking out from the corner. \"Henry. How long have you been there for?\" \"Long enough to know that you're planning on doing something to Buck. And why would that be?\" \"Listen, Buck's been messing around with Arlos job of feeding the chickens. He keeps scaring him to the point where he can't take it sometimes. I just wanna help Arlo out by giving Buck what he deserves. That can't happen unless we figure this all out okay?\" It took a short amount of time for Henry to think about it. \"Alright then. I'll be in on it then. What do 'ya want me to do?\" Later on in the day, Verena had walked over to Ida, who had been waiting impatiently. \"Now where had you gone off to Arlo?\", deciding to start from here, verena replied in Arlos voice \"N-nowhere momma.\", \"All right then. You gonna get your mark today right?\" She smiled and, in responce, Verena too smiled before uttering \"Yess momma.\" Before ambling to the pen, making sure to act as confident-less as Arlo would be. She had made it to the pen in no more than 30 seconds, by which she sighed and vocalised \"A-alright you c-cluckers! Y-you're ab-bout to get f-fed.\" Possibly too much, but hopefully it was enough to convince Buck, if he was here. Glancing to her left, there he was, lying on the ground with seed pellets spewed scross his neck, and an obviously fake chicken on the end of his tail, most likely to scare Arlo half to death if he was convinced enough. Verena played along with it. \"B-Buck? What h-happened!?\" She shiecked in Arlo's voice, pace-walking over to him in a limp-ish fashion. \"I came to help with your chores... and then they attacked!\" Buck uttered, of course no one BUT Arlo would believe that sentence. \"Y-you're gonna be okay!\" \"Tell Momma I love her... I see a light...\" he uttered quieter, as if on his last breath. Closing his eyes and rolling over slightly, it was evident he was pretending to be dead. \"I-I'll go find help-\" She was interuped when Buck made an inaccurate chicken sound, looking behind, she could see the fake chicken rising and coming closer. Pretending to be frighted-to-the-bone, Buck seized the oportunity to start laughing in victory. \"Oh my- you should see the look on your face.\" Laughing even more, Verena knew he had taken the bait fully. \"Agh-I-should have known it was you!\" Whipping the fake chicken away, she started to push Buck lightly, as if in an attempt to be angry. Buck had so far been amused. But when Verena actually pushed Buck to the ground, that amusement quickly faded. \"Good thing I did know.\" She said, no longer using Arlo's voice. \"Wait, what!? Verena!\" Trying to get out from her grasp, she had him pinned down to the ground \"I mean come on, those tricks you're doing are getting really old.\", \"Augh! If it was Arlo then it would've been good enough.\" She stopped pinning him, allowing him to get up. \"While I admit that would be true, that's no good pulling something like that when the other isn't having the fun.\", \"You're so over protective of him. I'll get him good one da-\" They were both interruped when Arlo ran past them, shouting at the top of his lungs \"Run for your lives!\" In spite of this, Buck laughed. \"Oh I wonder what's gotten into him, no doubt it's another storm or something like that.\" Verena pretended to look behind Buck, before acting nervous. \"Or maybe it's something WORSE! \" She screamed for the last word, running in the same direction as Arlo. Buck how now become perplexed, until he too looked around. For some unknown reason, a ferocious Tyrannosaurus Rex had infiltrated the homestead territory and was now charging towards Buck. It was too late to run at this point, as Buck had been grabbed at the tain by the large beast. \"Let me go!\" Buck shouted helplessly, squirming around to get himself free. However, instead of eating him up, the Tyrannosaur chuckled in a very familiar way. The mammoth-creature put him back on the ground, before shaking, like a critter would to get as much water off. It was very clear now that this was not infact a stray Tyrannosaur, but rather Henry covered in very detailed, carved pieces of wood. Confused, Buck was greeted by Arlo and Verena who were both laughing as hard as they possibly could. \"What the hell, that was not funny! That was actually terrifying!\" Verena and Arlo immediately stopped laughing, before Henry twisted Buck around \"So how do you think Arlo feels every time you do it to him 'ey?\" Buck had soon realised what the intention of this was: to teach him a lesson as to how to properly make a joke or prank at someone. \"We wouldn't have done this if you simply did it every now-and-then. Instead you did it basically every other day. While it may have been funny for some of us, it soon died down after a while. This was our last resort to get some sense into you.\" Verena said, who had now raised her tone as to intimmidate him. The whole idea of this was to get him to stop. His next words would either make or break the day. \"You know what, screw it. I don't need advice from you lot, I'll get you one day Arlo, wheny you least expect it- if it's the last thing I do.\" He stormed off, despite Henry's attempts to get him back. He didn't even apologise to Arlo. Ida and Libby had only now come to join in. \"What was all that about Henry?\" In a sigh of annoyance, he slowly responded \"I'll explain later, lets just get back to our chores. If he does decide to do anything, I'll put an end to it before it starts.\" Buck's pranks may have been a problem, but none of it would matter soon. The Asteroid had already passed Mars, and would soon head towards Earth, the stream of particles that were in front of it however, has already started to hit the Earths atmosphere And while it was unnoticable during the day, the night was the only time anyone could see their first, and last warning, of impending destruction. A/N: Tensions seem to be reaching the breaking point between the family. Let's just hope that whatever Buck has in store, it doesn't make things any worse. Anyways, I hope you guys have enjoyed this story so far, I'll see you in the next chapter! Next chapter: Kicked Out Fun Facts: None... for now.[Chapter 7] Early Morning (about 08:00 onwards)... Like clock-work, everyone continued their daily chores. The day was filled with light puffy clouds hanging from the sky- some low enough to hit the mountains that were so near. Everyone as always did what they did best. Verena to say the least kept an eye on everyone, especially Arlo, who would occasionally get into mishaps, albeit minor. If there was something beyond her control, she was told to immediately tell Ida or Henry. For this day, nothing out of the ordinary happened. The sky shifted tones every now and then, sometimes it was hard to tell if it would rain or not. Late Morning (About 10:00 onwards)... At this time, the chores would either switch between some or just stay as usual, and on this day everyone did the same chore throughout the day; as it would usually take that long to get it done. The wind was calm-ish at average, though it would vary between calm and blustery. Every half an hour or so, Verena looked in a random direction, towards the clouds, as if she saw something from the corner of her eye, however when she looked there was no sign of anything there. She had started paying attention more to Buck, who she thought had gone into the homestead. As rarely anyone would go in there to do anything it was no doubt unusual that he would go in there more than once. Afternoon (About 13:00 onwards)... \"Buck, you there?\" Verena called out from the front of the homestead, looking inside it appeared as though things had been moved, but as for what exactly she couldn't tell. He was nowhere to be seen inside or around the farm. \"Over here!\" He shouted from her right, somehow he had managed to stay hidden from Verena's sight for quite sometime: a worrying thought considering that there was no place in the farm where anyone could actually hide... if he was trying to hide that is. \"What are you up to Buck?\" Verena asked, more concerned than annoyed as to what he might have, or may have already done, considering of what he had said yesterday. \"Nothing, well something- but it's a surprise!\" \"A surprise? Oh Buck please don't tell me you're...\" \"Oh the 'prank' right? Nah I stopped thinking about that long before now Verena. You don't have to worry about that.\" He reassured. \"Okay... So if it's not that, then what is it?\" Verena questioned. For some reason Buck looked to the left and right ways before responding, like he didn't want anyone else nearby to hear. \"Just don't tell anyone else okay, but I've been meaning to apologise to Poppa and Arlo for how I acted yesterday. So I thought I'd give them something.\" He informed, almost whispering in quietness, before showing Verena a bouquet of rather odd looking, purple-flowered plants. \"You're going to give them... a bunch of plants?\" He set the plant down on the gound, \"Recently I've noticed that the two of them have been getting more and more, you know stressed, tense, not relaxed. So I heard that this plant is good for helping one relax a little when eaten. I thought I'd give it to them in the evening to help as a way for them to have a good night rest.\" One could tell that Verena couldn't tell if he was actually being nice or not, there had to be some catch to this no doubt. \"So you're giving them... something to eat? And only for them to be more relaxed... No offence but I think this is one of, if not the first time you've actually been nice to Arlo. I'm glad you've seen your mistakes, and I respect your wish to keep it secret for now. Good luck!\" Verena said leaving Buck on his own. Not once in his life has Verena been so light to him, it was almost unsettling to him to see things shift tone so fast. Evening (About 17:00 onwards)... Dusk had approached, everyone's daily chores were finished for now. Everyone had recalled seeing at least one bright streak going across the sky earlier, however it was dark enough to see the fainter streaks that were taking place. If one was facinated by sudden occurances of a meteor shower, then I'd bet that at least one member of the family would've wish to stay up, instead none of them wanted such thing, most likely because meteor showers like this were common throughout the year. What they did not take into acount was the fact that it was not fully night yet, meaning that the streaks they were seeing at this time was a fraction compared to what they would see in the night. \"You made this for us?\" Henry queried, every now and then glancing at the plants, for obvious reasons everyone but Verena had doubted Buck's intention. Though through her trust in Buck as a last chance offer, both Arlo and Henry accepted Buck's apology, before munching on the plants. Everyone else was given another type of plant. Both were as edible as each other, and both had a taste unlike that of the corn they usually relied on. The day had ended weird, but overall rather well in terms of relations... Deep Night (01:20)... No wind. No crickets. No sound. Nothing. The night was a time when only the nocturnals would be active. Even the river itself was calmer and flatter than a mirror, though it still had a current. The homestead however was different, while everyone else was sleeping without much sound, Henry, and especially Arlo, were snoring very loudly. It was very unusual for something this to happen as well, as both of them were the lightest sleepers out of all of them. For some reason, they had gone into a state of deep sleep. A slight crackling of the hey implied movement, and sure enough one of the apatosaurs did indeed move. At first, one would think they had woken up due to the snoring, but instead of resting, this one went outside for a moment. Not paying attention to the sky, a bright streak revealed the shadowy figure to be none other than Buck, who focused his attention for a few seconds at the sky to see anything, but nothing too interesting had happened to keep his head looking up for any longer. Without saying a word he ambled slowly, almost crawling, back to the homestead. Inside, he glanced at each member of his family, before staring at Arlo. He peered back to the entrance, almost as if he was fighting an urge inside. But nonetheless, he looked straight back at Arlo. For a split moment, his expression was that not of anger or annoyance, but rather that of sympathy and despair. Lowering his head to the ground, he bit down on a binded vine, before pulling. The small mound of hay Arlo had been resting on was none other than a few pieces of wood covered in hay, and had started to move in sync with the movement Buck was making. Though they were moving, it wasn't as fast as one would assume, he quickly realised that pulling it too fast would cause the wood to dog into the ground, and wedge it in place. By keeping it slow, he avoided that consequence, and continued. Un-aware as to where he was walking to, his tail had started to brush against something more organic than the ground. He didn't realise who it was he was going past until his back-left foot had lifted and lowered down onto something that protruded from the ground. Undoing his prevous steps before looking back, he stopped completely as he soon realised he had almost fully stepped onto Henry's nose. From nowhere he could feel his heart pounding, as Henry's snoring had ceased. Stirring for a couple of seconds, it had seemed certain he would wake up and catch Bucks scheme. After some time he slowed down, and stopped, before snoring once again. With a sigh of relief, he continued. In a breif amount of time Buck had dragged the wood, along with the Arlo ontop, outside the house and toward the direction of the silo. When they got to the silo he continued past it, and toward the river, which was still flat. He had gotten to the point where he had to start shoving, as the river was too close. He pushed and pushed until the make-shift-raft was about half-in the water, and had started to float- \"BUCK!\" A loud voice shouted from behind him, Buck jumped and hit the raft, causing it to move slightly. He turned swiftly to see- \"YOU TRICKED ME YOU PIECE OF-\" She charged at him, kocking him onto the ground and missing the raft. \"HOW COULD YOU BUCK?!\", he quickly pointed to the homestead, silently telling her that there are still those sleeping nearby. She calmed down, abeit slightly, before kocking him over again. \"You haven't answered my question. After me and everyone trusted you, after everyone gave you a last chance, you go around and do this.\" She sharply whispered to get the point across. By now they were both facing so that they couldn't see the raft. \"Look, you don't underst-\" \"Oh really? It looks like I understand quite clearly what you were intending to do, put Arlo on a raft and push it into the river so he can float away during his sleep, how the hell you pulled this off is beyond me. But it doesn't matter, you went against my trust, you went against Henry's trust, and you went against Arlo's trust. What part of your brain even thought of this as a stupid joke is the question no one in all time could answer. No one except you of course. So tell, me: WHY?!\" She was no doubt infuriated to say the least. Before he could respond however, she looked past him and ran, pumbing past him. Looking to his direction, he realised that the raft had already gone adrift. For Verena, she wouldn't dare look back to see if Buck followed her. As she couldn't hear any other footsteps behind, she could tell Buck indeed didn't follow. \"The traitor to the family he is. I'll get him when this is over.\" She caught up to the raft, and soon realised that they were between the mountains already. The current had increased in speed, though the river was still flat. Every now and then it would bump into one of the rocks that spiked out from the river level, and would thus go around it instead. Slowly, it got gloser and closer to Verena. There was only one problem, they had now gone past the mountains, and into a U-shapped valley, and She could hear the sound of rushing water. It got close enough for her to grab hold of with her tail, but due to the absolue weight of the raft and Arlo on top, it was extremely difficult for Verena to prevent herself from going into the river too. Her grip shrank less and less, until there was no way she could hold onto the river bank any longer. Instead of falling into the river, her foot was caught by another tail, which was strong enough to pull them both onto the dry land. Looking to see who it was, she was surprised to see it was none other than Buck. \"AND NOW YOU WANT TO HELP!? WHAT IS GOING ON IN YOUR HEAD!?\" she shouted, the echo repeating as it hit the mountains. Verena and Buck walked aside back to the homestead, with Arlo being layed out perpendicular to Buck's back. \"Why. After all you've done, why did you save me and Arlo?\" She was worried, confused, and even questioned Bucks sanity. \"Over the years that had past, Arlo's trouble had made me not only annoyed, but angry on the inside. It wasn't much at first. But up to this point I kept thinking about taking him out of the family. There was one thing that stalled me back: your trust. That was the last thing to stop me from going over the edge, at least for a few more hours. I even regretted doing this as I was doing it. When you asked why I had done it, I couldn't do anything else but think upon it. It was at that point, I had realised the terrible mistake I had been doing. I don't blame Arlo for his actions, not anymore. However, as you can tell, there's no way I can describe my apologies to Arlo, should he become aware of it.\" \"Speaking of that, how did you get Arlo and Henry to go into such a sleep?\" \"You haven't noticed? Notice how I have you guys different plants from those I have Poppa and Arlo. While the plants you had had no effects, the ones I gave them had sedative effects. And as you can tell, Arlo was given more than Poppa.\" \"So you gave Arlo and Henry sedative plants to send them to this state? Geez the things you'd do to get something done. I'm guessing you gave Arlo enough to be in this stare for the entire night, and Henry enough to carry out the plan?\" \"Yep, he should be back to normal soon.\" They had arrived at the homestead. Laying Arlo down, as if nothing ever happened, they went back out to discuss more. \"So what now Buck?\" \"As Arlo has no knowledge of what happened, I don't think I can tell him tomorrow, perhaps the day after. However, to prove to you that I'm done with this... I'll tell Poppa everything. I'll tell how you saved him too.\" \"Buck. I know you've changed and all. But telling Henry will lead you into a lot more trouble than you're already in. Look, if he found out that you sedated them BOTH and nearly kicked Arlo out, lets just say that those skullcap plants of yours would be a lot more useful then.\" \"I appreciate the concern, but I'm sticking with this plan. If I get beaten up, then it's my fault, not his. Okay Verena?\" \"Fine then...\" The scene had calmed, and the river had no longer stayed calm. It was the first time they looked up, and had finally understood how unusual the meteor shower had been. It was almost like the stars themselves were moving. Every now and then, an unusually bright streak would appear. After about thirty minutes of gazing, they had decided that it was time to go back in the homestead. One thing kept them from doing that. \"Hey Verena, look at that.\" Buck muttered, looking in the direction of an intensly bright streak. It kept getting brighter and brighter, and it was apparent it was going to strike near. Eventually it was so intense that they had to look away, and could hardly tell if it was day or not. The light soon faded to a yellow-ish glow, they turned to see a gargantuin fireball, since they were by the silo, it was in the direction of the homestead. The fireball was still bright enough to see the clouds moving away nearby. A thick dust cloud could be visible below the fireball. Whatever object had come from above, it had exploded just before it slammed to the gorund. Visibly, they could see the other four members of the family go outside, with Arlo being on Henry's back. Looking back at the fireball, the trees near it looked as if they'd been stripped, and were now flying. The realisation struck them like a bullet; this was a shockwave intense enough to flatten the forest adjacent to them. \"BUCK LAY DOWN ON THE GORUND NOW!\" Verena shouted, both of them doing so as the other four followed nearby. Suddenly, the forest-front instantly flattened, along with the grass. And then, the loudest of sounds ever heard rattled the area. The blast of the shockwave was so powerful that it levelled not only the homestead, but also the silo and most of the crops. For a period of time, a sharp ringing sound rang in all of their eardrums. There was no doubt that something was different about the meteor shower, but as the farm wound need to be rebuilt overnight, there was no time to question the event. A/N: Okay I know I'm late on this one, had a busy weekend and so couldn't have the time to write a chapter. With that being said, I hope you enjoyed the chapter, and have enjoyed the story so far! Next chapter: When Mountains Move Fun Facts: Skullcap is an actual plant known to be a good sedative, however the effects were exaggereted in this chapter.[Chapter 8] The result of the explosion nearby was immense, everything including the homestead and the silo had been flattened. Even the crops had been flattened, since it was nearing winter however, it was lucky that they were all strpped from the ground without going too far. Fortunately for all of them, nothing had affected the stones with the marks on. Night passed quicker than previously thought, with no one getting any rest throughout due to the rebuilding of the homestead and the silo. By morning, everything had been completely rebuilt. Though not without everyone feeling even more tired and restless than before. Upon questioning what exactly happened, they came to the conclusion that no one could've stopped it, and that no one could've predicted it. While the destruction caused by a 10 meter meteorite had lingered into the day, the worst was yet to come, as the blood-thirsty 15 kilometer, that's 9 miles, wide asteroid was now closer than the Moon, with no more defenses, and no more delays, it was ready to strike. The only thing that was left... was time. \"Buck, could you come with me for a moment? I need to talk to you... in private .\" Henry was made aware of Buck's actions during the night before, and as promised it was Buck who made him aware. \"At least he could keep some of his promises.\" Verena thought as she watched them slowly walk to the mountains; the only place where it was not possible to see or hear what they would say. A full half an hour passed before they came back, with Henry looking more like a large accident occured, and Buck looking as though he didn't want anyone to see something. Eyeing each other, Buck changed course to sit by Verena on the river bank. \"You good Buck?\" Verena asked casually, not paying much attention for a responce. \"I'm fine. Don't worry about me.\" \"I'm guessing you learn't your lesson?\" \"In my opinion, 'learning' would be an understatement.\" \"Wait, why?\" Verena now turned to Buck, however he wasn't looking back. In fact he was looking in the opposite direction. \"Hello, I'm speaking in this direction Buck.\" \"I know. I just don't wish to look.\" \"That's rather un-social for you. Come on, this is not how a conversation is meant to be.\" He wouldn't turn a muscle, \"Buck I'm serious. Why won't you look at me.\" She got up and tried to go around him. To her astonishment, he turned with her. Since Buck was on Verena's right, she wasn't able to see his right side, and as he turned with her, it was as if he didn't want her to see. Finally she had enough, and jumped over him. Full of pride for a spit second, she soon stopped, only now realising why he didn't want her to see his other side. While his left side was normal, his right side was full of streaks of bruises with a few cuts and gashes here and there, the largest of which was almost the length of his body and as wide as his neck. It wasn't bloody, but it was definitely more bumpy and red than the natural skin. His neck and even his face had also been littered with these cuts and grazes. Verena did nothing but look at the sight, no words came out, and her face stood still. Buck was the first to break the silence, \"Well I guess you were to know eventually. Just, don't mention this to anyone else okay.\" She nodded, before asking. \"Henry didn't do this to you, right?\" He sighed before his response cam through. \"This? This was Henry's doing. He couldn't stop himself, only when I was pleading for help did he stop. And never before had I sene him with that look.\" \"What look?\" \"The one of regret. Just regret, nothing else. It's the look one would make after they've done a terrible mistake, and would sacrifice anything to take it back. He didn't look at me afterwards, but I knew at that point just how much I broke him. As I mentioned before, don't tell this to anyone. Not even Henry. Promise?\" Buck asked, almost pleaded. \"Well... Okay then. You did something good in the end, and I honestly feel sorry for you. So yeah, I promi-\" Verena was interrupted, someone had called out to her, at least, that's what she thought she heard. Listening out for it again, she could recognise Henry's voice calling out for her name. Both Buck and Verena walked, with Buck making sure no one could see his right side, to the silo where Henry and the others were. Confused, she glanced at Henry. She could immediately see the regret Buck talked about, however it also looked like it was, at least tried to be, covered by satisfaction. \"It's time Verena.\" He said softly. \"For what?\" \"For you to place your mark. You've earned it.\" The thing Verena worried about most; getting a mark prior to Arlo's achievement, had just come. There seemed ot be no way of backing out of this. Unless... \"And how exactly have I 'earned' this mark? I don't recall doing anything noteworthy today.\" She decided that if the topic regarding Buck's actions were to be a secret, then threatening to break that secret was the only way out of this situation she was now in. She glanced only for a second in Arlo's direction, and she could already tell that he was worrying about his mark. As she predicted, it was quite a while before Henry could respond with a reasonable answer. \"Well, you did help out the most last night, and for that I think that the determination you had is a valid reason to have your mark.\" Although his reason was a lie to why exactly she deserved her mark, she almost had the instinct to put her mark instantly. However, she knew that to complete her promise, she would have to give up that opportunity, not that it mattered much to her. \"While that is something to be noted, I have reason to believe that I was not the most 'determined' to rebuild the homestead and the silo. It was you and Ida, not me. And thus I believe that it is not right for me to put my mark on the silo. In fact I have reason to not put my mark on the silo, even if I did something beyond my expectations. While I love the offer Henry, I'm afraid I'm going to have to refuse, indefinitely.\" She left, before anyone could respond. \"You sure this mark thing was a good idea Henry?\" Ida asked, the one true question he had tried to avoid. \"Honestly, I'm not so sure...\" he said, loud enough for everyone but Verena to hear. For an unknown reason, his face lit up once more. \"Although, I may have an idea.\" \"Why'd you do it?\" Verena rotated a full 180 to find Arlo right in front of her. \"You would've done it. Why didn't you want it?\" \"I don't think I deserve to put mine up before you. It's my duty to make sure you're okay and protected, I guess that means you're protected twice over if you include Henry- mo so if you include the others. However, if I am to fully make sure you're okay, then I have to let you earn your mark before mine. Otherwise my purpose of making you 'stronger' would fail.\" \"But Verena, there's no point.\" \"Oh Arlo, don't be like that. You just need to find something... different. Try different jobs, until you find one best for you.\" Verena said, hoping to give some advice. \"Hey Verena, would you come here with me, I got a job for you.\" Henry called out. Though Verena was interested, she stopped, and came up with a plan. \"Arlo, would you go to Henry?\" \"But he asked you .\" \"Exactly, this is just the opportunity I'm thinking of. At least try the job, I'm sure if you fail Henry will realise it's you and stop. Okay?\" Thinking about it for a moment, he was mostly reluctant. But if Verena really had that much faith in him, and Henry would be surprised if it was Arlo doing the job, and not her. Then maybe it wasn't too hard to pull it off. Though still reluctant, he walked over to Henry in hopes that the job would be worth it. After another hour of just sitting by the river, Verena heard Arlo once more. A loud yell, one that only lasted a couple of seconds. Getting up and sneaking behind the silo, she listened to their conversation. Apparently the job was something about taking care of a critter problem, which would explain the yelling. Instantaneously the voices stopped. She walked around to see them not only leave the silo, but also the farm borders. \"What was that about?\" Libby asked Ida, both of them noticing Arlo walking away with Henry. They immediately noticed Verena walking from the silo and called out. \"Hey Verena, were you with them?\" \"Not exactly, near enough to hear them, but not enough to be part of the conversation.\" \"Well, can you explain all of that tiff between them then?\" Ida questioned. \"Arlo and Henry? Something about a critter problem. I think Henry wanted Arlo to take care of some kind of critter, seeing the trap they had made.\" \"Why on Earth would Henry give Arlo that job. He knows that Arlo wouldn't do that.\" Verena had no choice but to tell them. \"He wasn't intending for Arlo to do it. He expected me to do it.\" \"But why would Arlo take your place?\" \"Becuase I believed that if he did it instead of me then he'd get his mark, we weren't told of what exactly the job was, and considering what happened last night with all the rebuilding stuff, I didn't believe he'd ask for a job like this.\" \"Well, it's not your fault but, you should get to them before things go too far.\" Ida said, and with that Verena accellarated in the direction of Henry and Arlo, jumping over the border fence. A family with ever increasing tentions, nothing too odd about that, similar families were everywhere around the world. Under normal aspects, this Apatosaur family would be irrelevant and expendable. There was only one thing that specialised this particular family: the next change of events thoughout the day were to turn their ordinary lives into desperate, extraordinary adventures of survival and exploration. About 300 miles above the Gulf Of Mexico, the 9-mile wide asteorid hurtled towards ground zero. Blink, and one would miss the underlying aspects of the collision that fortold the next years afterwards. If one were to slow down time, they'd see a lot of things. First, the asteroid came at a low angle from the south. This means that most of the force of the collision would be directed to the north. Secondly, the immense size of the asteroid meant that when it collided with the bottom of the sea, the top of the asteroid would've still been 9 miles above sea level. Thirdly, the asteroid smashed into a location where sulfur was abundent, which will play a key role later on. And finally, the depth of the water it struck was low enough, so that the force wouldn't of been dampened enough to lower the overall impact of the collision. With that being said, the asteroid slammed into the Yucatan Peninsula with such force that it, at least for a few moments, affected the mantle beneath. The light both from the entry of the asteroid through the atmosphere and the impact had created enough light so that skin and muscle looked translucent, with only the bones being opaque, from the range of 500km. So much force from the impact that it created fusion, and completely melted the affected crust. A series of outcomes generated from this titanic collision had now raced outwards from the initial impact. There was the shockwave, debris field, ejecta, sulfur and water clouds, tsunami, and lastly the earthquake. All of these were moving, and it was only a matter of time before the Apatosaur family would witness and feel it's full effects. At the riverside, Libby decided to have a small drink for the day, not a lot. A bright light captured her attention as she looked south; the opposite direction that from the mountain. Confused to see a large glow, as bright as the sun, just above the horizon, she immediately notified Ida and Buck of this glow. \"It's just the sun Libby. There's nothing bad about the sun.\" \"Not if the sun is already high in the sky.\" She said, Ida stopped stripping the corn that had been stripped the previous night, and looked. To her dumfoundedness, the sun was indeed semi-high up in the sky, while this glow was on the horizon. Moments later, visible streaks were seen emerging from the glow, unaware that these were large fragments burning through the atmosphere as they went upwards into space, soon to come back down. Nothing else had happened for the next few minutes. However, the wind started to pick up. I know what you'd say, 'the wind doesn't matter in this case'. It does in this case, what they were feeling was in fact the shockwave, they were far enough from the impact site to not get a shockwave, but rather a wind that would soon increase with speed until it would hit hurricane speeds. As of the meantime, it was just a small gust of wind. As the wind grew faster, beyond 20pmh, they took notice of the trend of rising wind speed over time, and not just increasing constantly, it was accellarating. In only half the time it went to 40mph, and if it continued, it would be fast enough to affect the rebuilt homestead and silo. Making a rather quick decision, Ida called Libby and Buck over, before all of them left the homestead border. Un-aware that it would be the last time they'd see the place for a long time, they ran at their own speeds to the Clawtooth Mountains; the only place that wouldn't be affected by stong winds. Ida glanced, only to be horrified of a large meteor drilling through the atmosphere and crashing directly on top of the homestead. The explosion from the impact no doubt destroyed everything else they had made, and the shockwave from it was powerful enough to push them onto the ground. All of them looked back at the place they once knew as home, as the dust cloud created from the small event came rushing toward them due to the wind. Once it had passed, it was plain that getting to the mountains was a requirement. Past the mountains, Henry and Arlo persisted in their hunt for the critter he had lost. Taking a momentary peek up, Arlo could easily see that the weather had changed drastically. Henry on the other hand took Arlo's glance as a moment of distraction. \"Verena, I said to keep moving okay.\", \"For the last time I'm Arlo.\" He sighed, there was no use convincing Henry at this point. Coming to the conclusion that Henry thought he was Verena retending to be Arlo, he knew that only Verena could stop this. Surely enough, Verena had indeed caught up with the two. She first called out to them. No responce despite the wind direction. Calling out louder gave some responce from Arlo. With no other choice, she called out Henry at the loudest volume she could. \"HENRY I SAID STOP!\" Both Arlo and Henry immediately turned around. \"Arlo are you okay?\" Verena asked as she caught up with them. \"I'm fine Verena.\" \"Wait, if you're Verena, then-\" They could see the realisation he had made. \"It's not your fault Henry, it's mine for thinking Arlo could do my job without knowing what it was. Now please, lets get back before the others start to worry.\" \"Okay okay, but can I just say one thing to Arlo first.\" Henry pleaded, before turning to Arlo. \"Arlo, I'm-\" \"Henry, Arlo, Verena, get over here.\" Ida called out, all three were mildly confused that the other three were also on the other side of the mountains. \"What's the meaning of this Ida?\" Henry queried as they started to climb up to the other three. \"There's a huge gust of wind taking place.\" Buck responded, \"And our home got destroyed by a big rock!\" Libby followed. \"I'm afraid the mountains are the only thing to protect us from this.\" Ida concernly spoke. Thinking for a moment, Henry replied with \"Look, when it passes, we'll just have to move somewhere else, perhaps adjacent to the impact site? There's always a way out of this guys, everything will be fine once this all passes.\" As the wind continued to increase, a sudden jolt from the mountain itself singalled something immense had just hit the mountain. To their complete horror, the sides of the mountain became enveloped by the fastest of winds, clouds and dust. Looking above, the same thing was happening, it was like a large flamethrower was blasting at the mountains. As time passed, the ever increasing temperature made things unbearable for the family until it had passed. With the temperature colling at least somewhat of a pace, the orange clouds above gave a dangeroud feel to everything. All around they could see how burnt everything had become, and with the rushing winds no longer here, the affected objects sontaneoudly combusted. Flames from below had covered the entire area that could be seen from their point of view; the middle of the mountain. If the burning of everything was on this side of the mountain, then what had happened to the other side was only speculation. For some time, there was only them, the mountains, and the burning plants and trees. From above, the next wave of destruction literally rained down upon them. Molten rock rain, fragments of the rock ejected from the initial blast of the collision had now fallen back to the ground. Fortunately due to the angle of the hellish rain, the mountain served as some protection, with the rocks being mere meters away from where the family were. As one could tell, they were beyond frightened. Another, more powerful jolt from the mountain, accompanied by the sudden shift in landscape, initiated the new threat: A powerful, magnitude 13 earthquake, had ripped through the land, causing the land to bend like waves, and snap. Every now and then, the land they were on would sink below the land in front, before rising back up. This repeated a few times over, with each reveal of the landscape before their eyes being different each time. Each wave of destruction had only made things worse, but the last one to strike at this time would put the final nail in the coffin. Unknown to them, the entire land had been so effected by the earthquake that most of it had now been moved below sea level, meaning that the tsunami that would soon follow would be big enough to effect the landscape. As it came rushing by, the wave moved high up the mountain until it crashed into the family, before pulling them into the sea. As the land started to rise once more, the water reversed current, forcing them out of the area that they once knew. As a last goodbye to the family, a much larger fragment of rock hurtled through the air, and smashed into the tallest of the clawtooths such that the top had oblitterated. And with that, their adventure began. A/N: This was meant to be put out on Monday, but due to school slowing down the rate of production, and the length of this chapter, it had to be pushed back. Heck I even told a friend of mine that the chapter would've bene released sooner, but nope, school work had to come first. I still have some to do, but I just needed to finish this chapter before the weekend. And since I don't have school today, it was the perfect opportunity. So here! EDIT: I won't be uploading chapters this weekend, however I will be uploading chapters next weekend. Now, time for the true adventure. Next chapter: Open Your Eyes Fun Facts: While the effects of the asteroid (especially the earthquake and tsuanmi) have been exaggerated, the statistics are true to the latest studies. * Tiff: a petty quarrel (argument), especially one between friends or lovers.[Chapter 9] Location: 23°19'36.84\"S. 70°34'57.90\"W. Blackness. Nothingness. Like a void that filled everything. It was hard for one to tell whether the events that happened before were just a dream, or reality. This was wrong, nothing could've possibly made the landscape do that, right? But if it was a dream, why was everything black now? After what seemed like mere minutes, which could've easily been the space of a couple of weeks, somthing did emerge from the endless darkness. A faint, very faint, light- too blurry to make an exact justification as to what was in front, but it was getting clearer. Soon, the light; now a dark beige colour, had filled the view. Sand? Where was this place? Then, from the left side, a small swell of water ran through, before being pulled out again. Sounds were now coming through. First, the sounds of water breaking- waves crashing, then, the faint noise of the wind. This was a beach wasn't it? As Ida adjusted to the new surroundings, the thought had onlt just started to sink in: Where was everyone else? The answer was plain and simple, putting 2 and 2 together it was clear she had to find them quick. Trying to stand up, she collapsed back down, either due to a wound or because of how long it had been since she last saw anything. Cliffs surrounded the tiny beach, about 700 feet (240 meters) long and barely 10 feet (3 meters) from cliff to the sea, that is unless the tide was high. These cliffs weren't too high, though varied immensly, some were over 5 times her height, others were only half her height. Unusually, these cliffs were of a light beige colour, indicating that this might be a fairly brittle rock. In confirmination, there indeed was a part of the cliff that looked to have recently collapsed, with a small river creating a small chine behind said land fall. Looking up the chine, it was only now she had realised how cloudy the sky really was, there was no longer a patch of sky that was even remotely clear. Though there was at least some light passing through, it felt like it was always fading. There was no point in staying on this beach, though in some regards she was thankful that she landed on a beach and not some cave or anything dangerous. Though at first uneasy, she was able to walk about half-way up the steep chine before making a tangent out of it. From here the view out to the ocean was vast, and across the land was, for some reason, a rust-coloured mountain. It wasn't pointy like Clawtooth, it was more rounded, with only one 'peak' and the rest being lower. Deciding not to go higher to get a better view, she went back down onto the plains, where she could see clearly that there was a pass between the rusty mountain and the steep beige hills she was on, though there was kind of a angle so there was no way to tell how far the rusty mountain actually was. Usually, there would be some way of telling where home was if she wasn't too far; a river of some kind or something else. However with none of that, going in land was really the only option, since sticking to the coast would end up to the steep mountains in the distance. For about 2 miles, nothing on the horizon changed, and it felt like she was going no where, though upon turning back there would be some indication of movement. So with that she decided to go more to the left, so that she would skim just past the beige hills. There was a bit of a climb, however she made sure not to push her body too much as to pull any muscles. The view had started to progress more, where it was no longer possible to see where she'd started, it was easy to see that the rusty mountain was too far away to walk to, yet alone climb up. In the distance however, there seemed to be more water, but as it was too far inland to be connected to the sea, it had to have been a lake. With only one direction to find out for certain that it was a lake, Ida went up the hills further, making sure not to directly climb to the summit. At the higest point she'd allow herself to climb, the view opened up to a vast plain of red, white, and beige sand with hill-ish mountains in the far distance, and the lake was definitely big. However, it was still not possible to tell whether or not if the lake was connected to the sea, as the rusty mountain was blocking that part. If it was connected, it wasn't going to be safe to drink, though if it wasn't connected, how it got there in the first place would be the next question, as it would be completely surrounded by this desert. Going back down to this large desert plain was going to be one of the many challenges in Ida's journy back home, as it was all downhill- steep of course. Luckily, the sand helped cushion any struggle going downhill, and was actually easier than first thought. While the rusty mountain would be impossible to climb, and the lake being potentially salty, there were some more rusty-coloured mountains out near the horizon. Across the desert she went, looking back every now and then to see how far from the rusty mountain and beige hills she was. Soon, the beige sand she had been walking through blended into the rust colour she kept seeing. Whether it contain a certian material or if it was even sand or not did not metter to her. Though still worrying about how the rest of her family were coming along, letting that stop her from travelling would be a waste. Eventually, the rusty hills that used to be so far had now approched closer. Looking back, the rusty mountain and beige hills were still quite large for their distance. I say rusty hills, as the rusty mountains were still quite far away, and these hills were one of the only things protruding from the plains. Upon closer inspection, the rusty mountains were in fact more of a dark-brownish-red colour, and the sands in front of her slowly faded to said colour. There was more desert to walk across. When the mountains did arrive, they seemed daunting to pass, however, with push comes to shove, every mountain has some kind of river system. Sure enough, there was one that went straight through, albeit with a sertain angle and wasn't as straight due to the terrain. On the plus side, it was a shallow slope to walk up, which was fine for Ida. At the top, it was expected to find a slope going back down, to her surprise, it was flat- with some small hills hare and there. Through the hills she walked, or in between the hills. There was indeed a downward slope, but ti was so shallow it might as well be flat and then, at the far distance, there was more rust-coloured land. Whatever desert this was, it was certainly big for one. Past more rust mountains and rust plains, and going around some white-ish hills, layed for some reason a large downward slope that seemed to have no end. With the only safe way down being an alluvial fan, she walked down and changed direction to be parallel to said slopes, now recognisable to be a scarp and vale land feature. In the far, very far distance, layed more mountains. Thinking twice about the reucurrance of mountains, though indeed they were different, the light from the clouds definitely were starting to fade now, night was approaching thus. If she could make it to the mountains before then, then perhaps there would be some way of telling how much further the desert was, that and there might be shelter. A long, long journey persued, sands turned to stone and back, each of different colours of red, white, beige, purple-ish black, and all sorts of other colours between. A small, brown-ish hill in the plains, just in front of the mountains she wanted to get to, had also started to loom closer, and while it was indeed openign to nightfall, it was still hot enough to see the ground shimmer. For a moment, Ida thought she had seen an apatosaur heading toward the same small lone hill, but the terrain and the shimmering made it possible that it was just an illusion. But it would always come back, again and again, each time lasting longer. Might it be a member of the family? Or just a lone wanderer. And who ever it was could see her too, as the apatosaur had started to change to the direction of the hill. It was settled, they would meet eachother at the top of this hill despite not knowing who they were from a distance. As the hill concealed them from seeing each other, both Ida and the apatosaur were determined to see who they were more so. Though the hill was steep and the chance of slipping on the rocks was high, it didn't matter. If this apatosaur was as determined to see her as much as she of it, then it had to be some member of the family, it had to be . Audio Message #1: Subject Member #4: Member #4, also known as Ida, seems to be in near-perfect condition with only a few bruises. She's still able to travel long distances over short periods of times. Chances of survival seem to be relatively high as of now, however fresh water will need to be aquired soon. Overall I have high hopes for Member #4 until further notice. End of Message. A/N: As I said in the Winter Special of \"Henry's Long Adventure\", Christmas and New Years is very busy for my family, so unfortunately I couldn't write at the time, but I knew I could write this weekend, so I did! Right now there's not too much danger where Ida is, for now at least. I hope you enjoyed the chapter and the story so far. Next chapter: Desolate Wastelands Fun Facts: I've been using Google Earth to plan out the routes taken by each member of the family for each chapter. I might make an album showing off all of the journey or maybe make a subreddit or idk. Though linking it is gonna be tough.[Chapter 10] Location: 24°35'04.26\"S. 70°33'07.39\"W. From the blackness, Libby opened her eyes, squinting so that her eyes wouldn't hurt from seeing things for the first time in... however long it had been since her home had been destroyed. Fortunately, it wasn't long for her to fully adjust and stand up. For some reason, she had somehow been placed above the current sea level, whether someone had taken her out of the water, or if it was just the tide, was up to her questioning. All around the flat sandy-ish beach she currently resided in was surrounded by vast mountains, looking for any path out of the enclave, the mountains did indeed go from coastline to coastline, there was no way out. Unless... It was then she heard a faint noise, just loud enough to make out, but it was consistent. Walking to whatever the noise was, it became sharper, more identifiable, until it was clearly the sound of running water- a stream, flowing down from the top of the v-shaped valley. With no owther way out of this small inlet, she made her way up the stream. Twists and bends made sure she couldn't see how far up she had climbed, or even how far she had left to go, she just kept going up, and up, and up. After what had felt to her like 2 hours passing, the steep path she had taken had only just start to even out to a small plain covered by hills. Where the river seemed to bend to the left she turned right, where only one or two hills were visible- and going past said hills, a much wider plateau outlined by hills emerged. Seeming like there was no obvious way to go, she observed the outline of the hills; noticing that the hills in front dipped down slightly. It wasn't much to go by, but it was a good enough excuse to go in that directon. There were some things she noticed as she kept walking, such as the change in colour of the sands, they were a range of colours from a light beige to a rust red colour, and sometimes even a dark- almost black colour. Looking from the top of the hill revealed the steep decent down to the vast desert area covered in hills and mountains. Perhaps going down this hill and then walking parallel to it might be more helpful than going across a desert. She knew that deserts were known to be notiriously dry, so going deeper into said desert would be of no use to her. So with those two instincts she galloped down the hill, doing her best not to trip over both going down and slowing down at the bottom. No way to know if turning left or right would be the best of decisions, but something about going left felt comfortable to Libby. With that, she walked parallel to the scarp and vale hills, all the way until they had shrunck beyond recognition. Making a slow left turn again she came across a junction, where she could either go left, probably back to where she started, or right, which had a smooth downhill approach. It was obvious enough that she turned right, but along the way, there had to of been some thought process that made her turn right again, perhaps it was the mountains in front that made her think it was a dead end. After some twists and turns, uphills and downhills, smooth and rough terrain, there was something along the plateau she was on currently that caught her attention: a series of small, but narrow blocks of some kind. Before her eyes layed something she'd never seen before, and all attention/curiosity focused on whatever those things were. Arriving to the site showed that they were used as living space, like the homestead. \"Uuh, Anyone here?\" Libby called out, almost too nervous to get her own words out. It seemed fortunate, or unfortunate, that no responce came from the wood-clay-mixed buildings. Venturing further, toward the apparent center of the hamlet, various sounds other than the wind were audible. Creaking, rattling, various ambient sounds coming from each and every building. Seeing that this place might've been abandoned due to something similar to the event that destroyed her home, Libby thought it would be best not to hang around too long. Without warning, a tail grasped hold and spun her 180 degrees, forcing her to face an intimidating Parasaurolophus. The sudden situation she had now succumb to was enough for her to stop moving in fear. All she could do is stare, hoping that whatever events happened next were fortunate. \"Could we get this lass some w'ter? She looks in need of it!\" the Parasaurolophus called out. \"You really don't have to do that mam, I'm fine really.\" Libby said, really it was more that she was still uncomfortable of the situation. \"No really, you look real parched young one. Ey uh, what's ya name?\", \"Uuuh, it's Libby.\" For some odd reason, the Parasaurolophus seemed delighted of the name. \"Why, that's the sweetest name I've heard around here.\" Most likely a compliment, Libby felt slightly flattered, this hamlet seemed to be kind enough to immedately get her both food and water. As the day went by, it felt like they had given her all the hospitality she needed. \"We would love it for you to stay, ever since the apocolypse occured, we've had it hard, but only here will you be comfortable for years to come!\" Another member of the hamlet said, sounding much more defined than the previous aquaintence she met. Instinct made her feel the need to say yes, but there was something that kept her from doing so. A croud of various dinosaurs were emerging from each building, all of them wanting her to stay. It was then they all lifted their heads up, seemingly no longer focused on Libby but rather on something else. As Libby turned around, she could see an impending cloud cover slowly creeping in, one that had an unusual yellow colour to it. Confused, Libby asked them why they were weary of the clouds. In responce, they explained that clouds of this colour recently came around and rained down a liquid unlike water, one that burned the skin of any animal, while also explaining that that last time it came around the buildings nearly collapsed, threatening their lives, and that this time, there was no chance of them surviving. \"Libby, you must go now, away from the clouds, just go, GO!\" Although she was forced to leave, she knew it was a better chance of survival leaving the hamlet than to stay and risk being killed. Pacing as fast as she could, unknowingly going north-east, she soon slowed down as the cloud changed direction after raining down on the town. Although she felt a deep sympathy for everyone there, it was going to be hopeless going back and trying to rescue those who had just recently helped her. The sun had started to set, and normal-white clouds had covered 80% of the sky, excluding said sun. She could tell however someone was partially blocking the sun, casting a silouhette on the land. Understanding the direction this one was walking to, she changed direction to head in a direction closer to north (of course still not knowing she was going north). As this dinosaur got closer, it had seemed like they both saw each other. A lone hill amongst the vast plain seemed to be the direction both were heading in, getting closer and closer, until the hill blocked their view. As Libby climbed up, not knowing who would be on the other side. And then they saw each other, full recognition on both their faces. As the sun set, its rays casted upon Ida and Libby, now reunited. Running to each other's sides, they embraced for a moment or two. \"I'm so glad you're here Libby. You okay?\" \"Yes momma, I'm fine.\" A silent pause ensued. \"Well then, if you're close, the others can't be too far right?\" Audio Message #2: Subject Member #6: Member #6, also known as Libby, has successfully located Member #4. Total distance travelled about 252 Km (157 miles). Along the way, she has met friends of many kinds in a small hamlet, now destroyed by an acid rain storm. Providing all goes well, they both should be ready to continue their way back home. Chances of survival for both are positively high. End of Message. A/N: Sorry for the long wait, mock exams are a pain sometimes. At this point I wouldn't be surprised if you guys thought I was coming up with a bunch of excuses so that I wouldn't do more chapters, that's not the case. I love making these chapters, it's just that writers block and life stuff keep me from getting these out on time. My attempt right now is to just hope nothing else happens, I'm so sorry for not being as active. But anyways, I hope you enjoyed the chapter, and the story so far! Next chapter: An Apaton Truce Fun Facts: N/A[Chapter 11] Location: 6°06'29.60\"S. 81°03'03.46\"W. Time: 2 weeks 3 days Before we get in, I'd like to say sorry for not including the time in chapters 8&9, both being a time of 2 weeks since their home was destroyed. Anyways where was I? Oh right. Buck had already awoken after what seemed like weeks, and with not many choices left simply watched the sea, somewhat lost in the rhythmic motion of waves and sand, swaying back and fourth with the violent sounds of crashing waves, attacking the sand as if they were sworn enemies. No sun was visible, and it was not clear what time of day it was. Morning, afternoon, evening or night, they all had the same light now; desaturated and low. From behind, the slow angle of the beach lead to minor hills of sand, emitting fine grains as the wind brushed by. A small groan, somewhat in pain and somewhat in confusion, sounded from the right of the lone Apatosaur. Being so used to the sounds before, it startled him back into reality. His sight locked in onto another apatosaur, much larger than him. Whoever this was was resting on his right side, in a position that one could tell meant they had tried to get up before. Surprised that he didn't hear the other Apatosaur fall in the first place, Buck went over to help. \"You alright there sir?\" Almost instantly the apatosaur turned to him, and in a course-but-weak tone, uttered \"I'm on my side from just recently falling over on my injured side, and you're telling me if I'm 'alright'? Back off will you?\" Knowing the current mood of this one, Buck did as he was told, but there was something about this Apatosaur that seemed familiar, a mostly cubic snout matched with deep brown irises. This couldn't be, but the tone and wording this apatosaur wasn't unlike who Buck was thinking of. \"Poppa?\" Once again, the apatosaur glared at him, more with confusion that with annoyance. \"I'm not your 'Poappa', whoever you are, and you're not my son either, never had any.\" As the apatosaur tried once again to stand, Buck was there to assist him, as to make sure he wouldn't fall. Upon this, Buck ovserved all the scars and wounds on the Apatosaur, both old and new. Whoever this guy was went through a lot both before and after the event that claimed Buck's home. Though hopeful that his assistance would gain some trust, it proved to be futile. \"While I appreciate your help, I don't plan on getting back with company. Okay? \" \"And where is this place, may I ask.\" Buck insisted, perhaps they lived close. \"None of your business, kid.\" The apatosaur huffed, before walking away from Buck. There was no point in getting him back, so in responce, Buck said one final thing before leaving. \"Fine then, I'll find my own way to Clawtooth Mountain then, if you're gonna be like that.\" Although slightly intimidated by ealier events, he knew he'd have to stand up for himself eventually. While the hill looked easy enough for Buck to go over, there was something about it that looked like something bad was on the other side. By instinct, Buck went around the small hill, only to see that there was indeed a small v-shaped valley in the middle, which would've been too steep for him to go down- yet alone climb back up. Upon reaching the other side of the hill, a deep thumping sound could be felt through the ground. Rotating his whole body, Buck raced to the apatosaur, who for some reason had now started to follow him. \"You know where Clawtooth Mountain is?\" The apatosaur asked, still containing a faded voice. \"Of course not, however it's worth trying right?\" \"Well, in that case, you don't mind if I tag along do you?\" As the apatosaur got back up again, something felt odd to Buck that this apatosaur, once weary upon him, now seemed to bow down to him. It didn't feel right. \"Sure, if we actually introduce ourselves for once.\" Trust was going to be a minor concern on this journey, there was no doubt about it. Their walking sped up as they talked back and fourth. \"Oh right, well, my name is Russel Apaton. You?\" Russel progressed the conversation, \"Well, it's Buck.\" It seemed to Buck as if Russel was waiting for him to say something else. \"You don't have a last name?\", \"Not one Poppa told us of, or any I know.\" \"How... odd, usually within the northern lands everyone has a name and surname. It seems your family might be the only exception. Has your mother said anything about a surname?\" \"We never actually bring the topic up, just seemed normal at the time that it was pointless having surnames when there's just five of us.\" Russel stopped, making sure he wouldn't fall to his injuries a third time. \"You used to live in a homestead I'm guessing, out next to the Clawtooth Mountains with no one to bother you except the occasional critter or two. Seems like a calm life at first, but once you're into the common territories well- you better be prepared.\" Some of the language, and words, Russel used were unfamilar to Buck. Might be better knowing those terms for future use. \"May I ask what you mean by 'Northern Lands' and 'Common Territories' ?\" They continued to walk once more across the beige sand, minding all the shrubery that were in random places. \"Did your parents not even tell you that?! Fine then, I guess I'm the first to tell you then. 'Northern Lands' refers to the land masses that are on the northern part of the known world, which is why there's also the 'Southern Lands' as well. Onto 'Common Territories', that means land that isn't a wildlife reserve or an exclusion zone. And believe me when I say this, there's a massive wildlife reserve plus exclusion zose around Clawtooth.\" It seemed to raise more questions than answers, the known world? How large was that? What about the wildlife reserves, if an entire life is spent in one, then what does that mean about the outside? Why is there an exclusion zone around Clawtooth in the first place? \"Don't worry kid, if you have any further questions, I'm here to answer them.\" About 5 hours later... After long passing river mouth, having to wade through it, and having a quick drink at a medium sized lake, Buck was still asking questions. All this new information about whole communities of dinosaurs living and co-operating together as one, about lands so far away they could be told as legend, about places where fountains of water and rock amaze thousands, all of it was so new to Buck that his imagination ran wild. They had come to a point where the mountains to their right felt close, but also far too. A small river, about 120 feet (37 meters) wide, had now blocked their path. \"I think it's time to get time shut eye, been talking all day y'know. We have a big day ahead of ourselves.\" \"How can you tell that it's night time?\" \"The birds, they're quiet. It's getting cold too. Here, just lay by me. It's better to huddle in the cold than to sit alone.\" Things felt, comfortable, and not just literally comfortable. For Buck, Russel seemed more like his father than he knew before. \"You promise to stay with me?\" Buck asked. \"I see what you mean, sure. Make that an Apaton Promise. Now, it's time for you to rest.\" Buck let out a pleasing smile, \"Good night Russel.\" Buck said, yawning straight after. Chuckling slightly, Russel replied back. \"Good night, Buck.\" Before lowering his head to the ground for some rest. Audio Message #3: Subject Member #5: Member #5, also known as Buck, has made a peculiar, and powerful ally along his 96 Mile (155 Km) journey for now. I would advise my associate to take notes on this Russel guy. In the meantime, likelyhood of making it back to Clawtooth Mountain are now highly likely until further notice. End of Message. A/N: Hey guys, sorry for posting this late, although not as late as the last chapter. To make up for it though I plan to release another chapter before the weekend (just to keep the chapter number even by the end of the week). In the meantime, I hope you enjoyed the chapter, and the story so far. I'll see you in the next chapter. Next chapter: You see foe, I see friend Fun Facts: N/A[Chapter 12] Location: 41°34'09.78\"S. 73°43'18.14\"W. Time since asteroid mpact: 2 weeks 2 days With all his might, Henry lifted his body from the ground in an attempt to stand, at times using his own neck and head as a support. No sooner her got up, he almost toppled over to his side, albeit with quick thnking he saved himself. It didn't take long before he was aware of the cause; his front left foor has been badly injured somehow. His attention sharply turned from his injuries onto his surroundings; a dark, sandy beach with crashing waves nearby, resting next to a large area of trees and grass- At least, that's what it was supposed to be. Instead, Henry's eyes layed before stripped, burnt trees spiking over the oxygen-deprived grass. \"What ever happened to our home, seems to have happened here.\" Henry muttered to himself as he trudged out of the beach and into the dead forest, only to find a pair of tracks going in the same direction he was. Curiosity dared him to follow them but was unsure if they should be trusted. Eventually, and not surprisingly, curiosity became the dominant forced and dragged him in the direction of the tracks. Each tree looked like it was made of dust, and they fell over no matter how hard, or light, he bumped into them. Investigating the tracks, each footprint were small, less than a fith the sizr of Henry's feet. They also consisted of a main print with 5 smaller prints in front, and to make things even harder to understand there seemed to be two types of footprint; as if this animal could change how many legs it could walk on. It had now been 2 miles before he came across a large inlet, the tracks going straight into it. With his foot still injured and the chance of it stinging in water, he set out to go around the whole inlet before he came across the same tracks. What was at the end of these tracks was a question Henry could not answer as the burnt forrests only grew more dense. For the next 50 miles or so, the tracks grew fresher and fresher, a sign that whoever this was wasn't walking as fast as Henry could. And then... The tracks finally stopped, with Henry staring down at the one who layed them down. \"A CRITTER?!\" Henry shouted, much too annoyed as to his curiosity leading him to something he presumed as a waste of time. \"OUT OF ALL THE THINGS IT HAD TO BE A CRITTER!\" Normally, his annoyance wouldn't lead him to being this mad, but being in a place unfamilair, and the extra worry of where the other family members were, it was not a good time for him at all. After his small fit, he looked down expecting the critter to have scurried away, instead it stood there on all fours. It took him a while, but eventually Henry recognised who this cirtter was. In a deep and explosive voice, Henry simply spoke \"You.\" Before stomping closer to the critter. By the time Henry lowered his head, the critter still didn't move, obviously not fearful of him not matter what Henry did. It was almost as if this critter considered him to be a friend. \"The last thing I want to be with is you, you know?\" The critter of course did not respond, and instead tilted it's head in confusion. \"Nevermind. I still hate you though.\" Still nothing. \"I'm just talking to myself aren't I?\" Looking up, the sky had dulled down, darkening the land. It was possibly night time now, and a good sleep would have to be needed. All he could hope was that this critter would go away. The darkness one is exposed to when closing their eyes dramatically changed into a red-ish glow, as if all of a sudden they were looking directly at the sun with their eyes closed. Opening them, Henry found himself in a location one would not expect at all. Home. \"What the?!\" Henry exclaimed, this had to be a dream. It just had to be. For starters, the mountain was it's usual self. And the farm, the farm was nothing like it was back home. Not only were there more than two fields, but each one had a different plant. For instance, one was purely for growing corn, while another was almost filled with plants that gre red berries. There were other kinds of fields, and with the amount at their disposal, one could feed an entire family all year round without worry of storage. In fact it was enough so as not to worry of any intruders that may steal some. There was one thing however that made it seem different from a dream come true, the fact there was not one homestead building, but rather three. And looking beyond where the normal territory borders would have been, a herd of longhorns were casually grazing on the long, thick grass that layed underneath them. Who would bring longhorns to this place was something Henry couldn't answer for now. \"Henry? Why are you here so early? You should be on your trip with Arlo and your friends!\" A voice came from one of the larger homesteads, with only Ida exiting. \"Seriously, did you just leave them behind or something?\" By now, Henry was more than confused. \"What? I have no idea what you mean, I'm honestly confused as to why you're not happy about us being back home. There was this whole thing with the cataclysmic event that destroyed our home and the mountains and we were swept away. Do you not remember that? And where's Buck, Libby and Verena?\" Upon this, Libby and Buck came out of the homestead. \"Who's Verena, is she a friend?\" Libby asked. \"No she's by daught- something's not right here. Ida, what did you say I was doing last?\" \"As I said before, you were out on a trip with Arlo, Ben and Arlie, searching for more food and trying to explain that riddle you meantioed a couple days ago.\" Something was definitely wrong with this dream, if it was a dream. Ida continued. \"And what about you, what was the last thing you knew?\" \"Last thing I knew I went off to sleep after confronting a small critter, didn't like him at all.\" Henry explained. \"Critter? Like Spot?\" Buck asked, \"Who's Spo-\" From nowhere, the same critter Henry faced earlier scampered to him. \"That's Spot.\", \"I don't like him.\" Henry said flatly. Something then clicked inside. \"What if... I'm not the Henry you're thinking of, like your Henry is still on his trip and all, but for some reason I'm here. To be honest, I'm just as confused as you guys are.\" Suddenly, three tyrannosaurs came out from the largest homestead, they seemed to look like their own family. \"Henry, what are 'ya doin' here so early? Aren't 'ya supposed to be outta here with your friends an' all?\" Butch questioned. \"Henry, this is Butch, along with Ramsey and Nash.\", \"And why are 'ya telling 'im our names, he already knows who we are.\", \"Not this Henry, we're still confused, but it appears there's been a mixu- wait Henry, you said you went to sleep right?\" With Henry nodding, she continued. \"Then maybe waking up will get you out of here.\" \"I mean, I have so many questions to ask about you guys and this place. But you're right, can't stay here for too long.\" And with that, Henry did his best to wake up. After what seemed like moments, something happened. \"Henry your feet!\", \"Ye I know, it's just a bruise\", \"No seriously, look at your feet!\" As Henry did so, he found that they were no longer there, replaced with dust that had started to float. As the thest of Henry's body started to disintegrate, he could only hope that the other side was somewhere normal. Opening his eyes, Henry felt both excited and disheartened that he was back to the same dead forest he went to sleep in, only this time there was some weight on Henry's back. \"Oh, it's you. You slept on me? Why would you- wait, where am I?\" It had just occured to him that while he was still in a dead forest, the landscape looked different. He soon came to the conclusion that he actually walked some 70 or so miles NNE in his sleep, and this critter was forced to ride on his back so as to not loose him. There was so much doubt as to whether or not what he experienced before was indeed a dream or not. But then he remembered something; the name of the critter was 'Spot', perhaps if he called out that name, the critter next to him might respond. If he did, that would mean it wasn't just a simple dream, and if he didn't, then it was. The amount of ridiculousness this would be was almost too much, but there was no point stalling. \"Spot.\" Almost instantly the tiny critter faced the large apatosaur, in fact it was so quick it was startling. Obviously this raised so many questions about the dream he had, but one of the main thoughts that came through was this: If the world Henry went to was in fact not a dream, how and why did Henry go there? Feeling defeated, he had no patience left for Spot. \"Okay fine, you can tag along. Just, don't be a nuisance.\" Audio Message #4: Subject Member #3: Member #3, also known as Henry has made a rather odd journey of 130 miles (209 Km) over not just a day, but also a night too. Perhaps this might be an advantage for him getting home, as being able to walk both in day and night without loosing rest will half the time for him to get back home. No idea if this sleep-walking condition is new or if he's had it for some time, but I have high hopes for him. Likelyhood of survival however is average, as there might be some risk to this condition during the night. My advice, though I am unable to directly communicate with Henry, would be to make friends with the critter, might help him in the long run. End of Message. A/N: I'll be honest, wasn't expecting it to be like this. Not the content in the chapter, I mean that I actually thought I could to three chapters in one weekend. Am I pushing myself too far? I'm not even sure myself at this point. And I'm starting to believe that pushing myself like this is hurting both the content and the plot of the story. Sorry if it's starting to get confusing and all, might make something to tie all the loose ends. In regards to all this, the next two chapters will have to be delayed until next weekend (inb4 I only get one chapter done on the weekend). In the meantime, I hope you have enjoyed the chapter, and the story so far! Next chapter: Hide and Seek Fun Facts: Yes, there's a bunch of references to \"Henry's Long Adventure\" in the dream sequence, but the setting doesn't feel right does it? It's almost as if it takes place after that story...[Chapter 13] Location: 36°42'24.25\"N. 121°16'44.45\"E. Time since asteroid mpact: 4 weeks 1 day The chilling sensation around her body, once so strong that she passed out form shock, had now smoldered into a sensation that felt like the norm. Although what had felt like 5 minutes for Verena, and how it felt like there were no currents dragging her anywhere, she was oblivious to the fact that she had already gone into the main ocean currents, and had travelled thousands of miles away from home. Eventually, the cold, crisp tingle promptly ended, replaced only by a coarse, warm touch. Once this sensation had lasted about a minute, a wave of the same chill came through, before fading away again. How she managed to feel this without actually being concious was an unanswerable question. By the time she woke up, the air had gone cold, and the sea had moved over 300 feet (100 meters) away. Although shaken from the overall loss of heat, she ventured inland to the nearby forest, where the trees, though leaned at an angle, still had their branches and leaves attached. For some odd reason, each tree was so hot that it was almost unbearable, whether that was because of how cold Verena was or if the trees had been heated up, or maybe even both, she couldn't currently answer. All around her, the air also felt warm; like a summer's day, except it was now possibly night time in what should now be the start of winter. Treading through the blackened forest, bumping into several trees were a common occurance due to how low the light was; the clouds made it diffcult for any light from the stars and moon to shine down upon the landscape. Fortunately, a clearing in the sky soon came, and had made things easier for her to see things a lot- She froze instantaneously, as before her laid two adult dinosaurs, both carnivorous-looking. And she was right, what she had encountered were two adult Saits, large 39 ft (11.9 m) long carnivores similar to that of the tyrannosaurs. Under the moonlight, she could make out their pinkish-snouts, with the rest of their bodies covered in wood-coloured fur, for warmth most likely. Though they were indeed resting, the direction of the wind had made it possible for them to smell her. In a slient panic, fearing that they would soon wake up, she causiously backed away from the pair. As they were still sleeping, the smell alone wouldn't be enough. She had noticed that if she made any sound, then the cances of them waking up would increase tenfold. All she had to do was get far enough away... slowly... quietly... SNAP! A medium sized branch had split in half under her weight, the sound echoing off in the distance. Immediately she could hear one of them stiring up, getting louder and louder. There was no point in hoping that they would go back to sleep, so in a quick move she hid herself behind a large bush, and hopefully by looking at the surroundings, then she could make a get-away once the light faded behind the clouds again. For now, all she could do is listen, and hope for the best. The first to wake up erupted a loud yawn, before getting up. His voice was deeper than Verena would think he would have, and contained a slight western accent when he eventually spoke. Soon after, the other woke up, more with a sigh of annoyance, her voice wasn't perky but had that slight ring to it, whilst containing a thicker accent. \"Why'd you get up this early ey?\" The tiredness in their voices were obviously noticable. \"Augh, I heard a sound Kichi.\" \"'Tis prolly just a rodent of some kind.\" \"No-no, it was something larger than'a rodent. Could smell it\" He sniffed up into the air, before continuing. \"Can still smell it near.\" \"Come 'n Masahiro, we've got a big day tomorrow finding some helpless folk an' I don't wanna be ratty for that.\" \"They're probably hiding somewhere, perhaps that bush there in the dark.\" \"I can't see anything there.\" \"I know there's someone there.\" \"Eh, not as far as I'm aware.\" Verena could then hear a couple of footsteps, most likely this Masahiro guy turning around. \"Why don't you believe me?\" Sighing heavily, and pausing, before saying \"Maybe you're right.\" \"It's just another night, these things always happen.\" \"But I heard a snap!\" Thinking they were distracted, Verena decided to make a move anyways, still walking slowly. \"Just go back to sleep.\" \"I guess I'm always quick to rage.\" \"For the last time go back to-\" Another snap, Verena was paying too much attention of what the two were saying to mind the other branches. \"Wait, now I hear it!\" Verena froze, looking to the two staring in random directions. \"Who's there? I know someone's there... hiding in the shadows, thinking I was unaware.\" By now they had just spotted Verena's presence. \"Who's that I see?\" Upon hearing that, she immediately made a run for it. Hoping they weren't fast enough to know where she had gone. After a good moment or two of changing directions, she hid right next to another bush, this one much larger than the last. Catching her breath, she made sure not to be too loud. However it seemed to be in vein, looking up, she could see that one of them had indeed found her, and of couse it would be the male. \"I knew I was right, to think I would find you over here. It's a bit intruiging that you seem to be just a little bit weary of Kichi and me. Well there's no need.\" As he said that, his partner walked from behind and stopped by his side. \"You think we're gonna eat you right? Everyone gets that feeling when we first meet them. Don't worry, we're not here to do that.\" Feeling kind of relieved, Verena apologised for waking them up. \"Oh no worries, it happens sometimes, we get a bit quirky at night cause of how there's usually some poor soul that sees us and runs away into the unknown, we'd never seem them after that. I'm-\" \"Kichi, I know. Heard you two talk while hiding. I'm Verena by the way. Quick question, what did you mean by 'finding some helpless folk'?\" Mashahiro replied \"Oh that? We're part of a search and rescue team, finding those that have lost their way after the uh... unfortunate events that have happened about four or so weeks ago.\" Verena instantly froze once again. \"Four weeks? I've been out in the sea for four weeks?! I thought it wa sjust five minutes...\" Both Mashahiro and Kichi glanced at eachother in a worrying expression, before returning their attention to the small Apatosaur. \"Verena, where is it that you come from, if we may ask?\" Mashahiro asked. Trying her best to relax, she responded with \"C-c-c-Clawtooth Mountain...? Why?\" The conversation paused suddenly, and remained that way for a moment. Kichi was the first to break the silence by explaining. \"Verena, Clawtooth Mountain is... a far far way from here. Too far for you to walk to by your self, Masahiro, do you think you can carry Verena? She'll need to be brought to Oykot as soon as possible, by the looks of it she's gonna die from hypothermia if she isn't warmed up soon.\" \"And what about you Kichi?\" Masahiro asked. \"I'll have'a rest some more before finding more like Verena, and then I'll bring them back too. Cya soon.\" She said, before lifting Verena onto Masahiro's back. \"And see you soon too Verena.\" With that, they parted. \"So how far is this 'Oykot' place anyways?\" After walking about 60 miles, it was time for a conversation anyways. \"Pretty far, not as far as Clawtooth Mountain though. How you managed to survive four weeks in the open sea without any preadators finding you, or any... debris, from the sky hitting you is beyond my time to comprehend. You got any family Verena?\" \"Yes, two brothers, a sister, a father and mother.\", \"How lovely. Me and Kichi aren't part of the same family, only just got together for about 3 weeks. Ever since that catastrophe has happened, Oykot has been under severe repairs, nearly all the homes there have collapsed- many casulties of course. Just hoping that things get back to normal as soon as possible. Alright, into the marshes we go.\" \"Can't we go around the marshes?\" \"That would mean an extra day or two of walking, and I think both of us know it's more beneficial to go through this than to walk an extra day. Correct?\" \"Mhmm.\" Verena agreed, before resting once more. By the time she woke up, the sun had already risen above the horizon. \"It's day already?\", \"Yep. I don't think I need to carry you all the way, do I?\" Verena hopped off of Masahiro's back, stumbling a bit before standing up straight. Walking was a bit hard to come by at first, but got used to it fairly qiuckly. \"How far have we walked?\". \"You mean how far I've walked? And about ninety-five miles. You ready?\" With literally no other choice, Verena simiply nodded. As from there on, , they walked. Audio Message #5: Subject Member #2: Member #2, also known as Verena, has obtained a rather helpful fella; someone who can help her out whenever she's in trouble. Her odds of survival are miraculously high for now, and with their current destination being Oykot, things'll hopefully only get better for Verena. End of Message. A/N: Ye ye I know I missed a weekend, forgot all about that 'till yesterday! Welp, here's another odd chapter I guess. For those who couldn't tell, I've wanted to make the world outside the homestead area alienated on purpose, having bizzare things such as multi-species-communities and such. Thing'll get a bit wierder next chapter when Arlo needs help (it's been sometimes since that name's been mentioned right?). Hopefully you've enjoyed the chapter, and the story so far. See you then! Next chapter: Raging Inferno Fun Facts: Kichi and Masahiro are indeed Japanese names. And Oykot is literally Tokyo backwards. If you've bene paying attention to the co-ordinates at the top you would get an idea of where they're at currently. And yes, by \"Marshes\", Masahiro and Verena literally went across the Bohai sea to modern day Dalian. The current thing with the story is that the sea level is slightly lower than before, which is why the \"sea\" is a marsh field instead.[Chapter 14] Location: 18°29'00.36\"N. 122°08'53.68\"E. Time since asteroid impact: 4 weeks 2 days With the same feeling for Arlo as Verena experienced, Arlo slowly woke up to the cold bumpy pebbles that surrounded the lower half of his field of view. Above them layed only darkness; the light from the sun had now been blocked by thick cloud cover. A chill went through him as he got up, things were too dark to even see the things right next to him. One of the only things he could depict was the boundary between objects and sky, everything else was a silouhette for him. There was however, one thing he could rely on: the sound of the waves next to him let him know where the coast was, and since most of the coast he saw was made of similar-sized stones, it would be easier just keeping to the coast, which he did. A flash from his left hand side went as soon as it came, revealing more of the landscape than he did laying down. Nearby trees tht could potentially have food on them. Every now and then, the flashes from the left gave him more info as to where on the coast and how close to the trees he was. Just before he got to the trees however, a faint glow from afar caught his attention, and since he was taller than msot of the nearby trees it wasn't hard to see how far away it was; quite far whilst also being close enough to make out if it was moving closer or not. Good thing about the glow was that it provided minimal light, but enough for Arlo to see more than just silouhettes of large objects. Each flash that came afterward though showed more than just the landscape. Infront of the mountains afar stood a massive column of cloud that looked to be changing shape. A faint sound, getting louder with each passing second, could be hard in the direction of the column- which started to move closer to the faint orangle glow. Now very weary of the potential danger, he kept one eye on it whilst eating the fruit that indeed was hanging from said trees. An enourmous, rumbling roar emminated from the direction Arlo was keeping an eye out for, and rising up came a ferocious wall of deep orange flames. Originating from a probably forest fire, the column of clouds seemed to collect the flames and grew stronger. Worst thing was, the heat could be felt all they way from where he was, that and the fact this new powerful fire whirl was enraging closer and closer. At that moment, he instantly dashed to his right, running as fast as he possibly could, doing his best to keep his breath under control to keep the pace up. \"Hey, slow down!\" A voice from Arlo's current left voiced, however Arlo wasn't going to let anything distract him from the oncoming fire wirl. And by the sound of it, it wasn't long before the voice soon realised what Arlo was running away from. \"Nevermind, keep up the pace, I'll catch up!\" Feminine of course, but not an adult's, it was more juvenile- older than Arlo but definitely not an adult. As Arlo continued to run, footsteps from behind creeped up to his point, and right beside him another Apatosaur had been catching up. This was probably the voice he heard earlier, however two things stood out; first, it wasn't any member of his family, and second she had an enormous bulk of... something, on her back which seemed to be fastened all round her, and the back were her tail was had been straped to what looked to be make-shift tail feathers. What ever they were, she soon noticed Arlo glancing at the thing on her. \"Oh don't worry about that, only for extreme emergencies.\" An ironic statement, seeing as the two were already in a- \"Isn't this right now an extreme emergency?\" Arlo said over a period of time, taking deep breaths between each word. \"As of now no but I think we're close to one. Quickly, follow my lead!\" She said, soon out-pacing Arlo for a moment before returning to the same speed. Instead of going nearer to the coast; where the trees were less dense, they moved inward, toward a high mountain range where a bright orange light could be seen. As they scaled up the steep slopes, their speed had now been limited enough for the fire whirl to slowly close in on them. By the time they got to the rim, the whirl had already gotten close enough to feel the heat again. \"Quick, get into this!\" Pulling something, the object on her back extended to the left, creating a place for Arlo to fit into. As he got in, she said \"Okay, now once you're fully in, I'm going to need you to put all your trust in me.\" Only then, when Arlo had finished getting himself into this... thing of hers, did he have the time to see what was truely in front of them: a large crater, in the middle filled a bubbling mass of molten rock, and slowly rising to the top. \"I-I-I can't do this!\" Arlo for a moment forgot he was fastened in, and tried to run backwards. \"Please... I need you to trust me... Either we jump, or you face that!\" She said, obviously referring to the approaching fire whirl. Arlo mentally and almost physically gulped in fear, before eventually responding with a fast nod. \"Okay, when I say 'go' you put your back legs on those pedals there, and immediately after that put your front legs on those bars in front of you. On, three, we run alright? One... Two... THREE!\" Arlo ran toward the edge of the rim, and did what he was told when she said 'go'. They slowly fell toward the molten rock, before a large force seemed to pull them back up. Looking on the sides he noticed, and realised, the true purpose of this thing he was fastened to. Large, flat wings extended far from where they were, and would slowly move up and down. \"Um, you're meant to move the pedals like I am?\" She said. Arlo observed how she moved her pedals, and prceeded to do the same on his. Together, they could rise up faster than ever. \"See, now you're getting the hang of it! We must be over three miles above the sea already, must've been the warm updraft from that volcano, but just look!\" When he looked down, he could see the top of the... volcano slowly shrinking, as soon as some grey clouds started to build from the center of the crater, Arlo's savior mentioned \"Oh, better start moving, you don't want those types of ash reaching us.\" And immediately they started to move forward, out into the open sea. While it seemed normal for the lass, Arlo could barely handle being up this high, and felt extremely light-headed. For a brief moment Arlo slowed down, making the whole device turn to the left slightly before adjusting back. \"Are you okay there?\" Arlo heard, before passing out from internal shock. Squinting his eyes, Arlo regained conciousness. \"Oh thank goodness you're all right. I thought you were gonna be out for much longer, I see you're not a fan of heights, so I lowered us down to a hopefully more comfortable altitude.\" In responce, Arlo sighed out \"T-t-thanks... uuuuuh...\" \"Oh that reminds me! My name's Ivy, Ivy Notapa. How about you?\" Ivy said in a very upbeat-tone. \"Uuuh, it's Arlo.\" \"Just Arlo. You don't have a last name? Ah well, it doesn't matter too much.\" She said as they were passing over a nearby island. \"Anyways, care to tell where you're from?\" \"Uuuh, Clawtooth Mountain?\" Arlo asked slowly, Ivy almost jumped at the name and nearly lost control. \"Sorry about that, haven't heard that name in a while. You live there? But that's a- nevermind, there's probably some explanation as to how that's possible. But for now, lets take you back to my home city. Pretty far from where we are, had to come over here to make sure everyone had alreayd left but by the makes of it I came just in time for you to be saved too. Hang on, that would mean you've- how did you manage to survive in the open ocean for four weeks!?\" \"Uuuuh, what?\", \"You heard me. Unless you weren't concious during that time. In that case, sorry to break the news but it's been over four weeks since that... event, happened. You probably know the one since you were much closer than were we were in Oykot.\" For a moment, Arlo remained confused about certain things. \"Oykot?\", \"You don't know about Oykot. I could tell you it's history while we're on our way.\" ... After a few hours, the light above the clouds had started to fade. Ivy had just finished up on the history of her hometown when she felt the winged-device turn to the left for a moment. Glancing at Arlo, she could see that all the talk and going through the air had made him so tired that he was already nodding off to sleep whilst doing his best to keep the pedals behind moving. \"Oh, well I guess this is probably your first flight, so congrats on making it this far.\" She quietly said, mostly to herself, before swtiching changing the controls so that she had all the control. That way, Arlo wouldn't affect the flight if he didn't do anything. No sooner did she change the controls, Arlo's legs had let go of both the pedals and bars, and were now dangling in mid-air. Fortunately this didn't mean he would fall, as she had already been fastened in under his belly by thick vines. Seeing as there wasn't going to be much light for the night, she looked for the nearest flat peice of land that wasn't surrounded by mountains on the island soon approaching, before making a slow decent. Shoving Arlo before they landed, he had enough time to know they were landing, and brace for it. A hard landing it was, but nothing more than a rough scrape on some of their legs. \"Not there yet, we're gonna have to sleep the night away before we can continue.\" She said. If the clouds weren't blocking the sky, there was a chance that the moon could provide such light for easy travel, but as this wasn't the case they had no other option. Audio Message #6: Subject Member #1: Member #1, also known as Arlo, has travelled an astonishing 513 Km (319 Miles), most of which in mid-air. Thanks to his new companion, his likelyhood of survival is almost certain for now. This companion seems to know a lot about various land features along with a range of hazards, such as volcanoes, ash, and some knowledge of Clawtooth Mountain. Whether said knowledge will eventually be disclosed with Arlo remains uncertain. However, as their current destination is the same as Verena's, it is likely that the two will find each other and find their way home eventually, for now, I can only hope that they make it to their destinations. End of Message. A/N: A day late seems like nothing compared to being weeks huh? Ye ye I'm still late, but I thought it was about time I finished something within a small range of time. Hope you liked the chapter, and the story so far, and I'll see you in the next one! Next chapter: March of the Desert Queens Fun Facts: Surprisignly, N/A[Chapter 15] Location: 22°52'50.40\"N. 69°32'02.90\"E. Time since asteroid impact: 3 weeks 5 days An eerie vibe of emptyness filled Ida and Libby when they woke up. A rock-coloured sky had been drawn out over the night, creating a phenomena where the light felt of a mid-summer evening, no matter what time of day it was. This had made them ponder how long they had slept for, albeit the thought lasting a mere moment of time. Features that were once distinguishable on the day prior had now blurred, with merely the line between land and sky being the main terminator. A gust of wind blew around a thin sheet of sand, which soon fell to the desaturated ground, and the howels of the wind spoke with no soul. It was as if everything in the world had suddenly become void of life, and they were there to whitness it all. Every now and then, a chill went down the long spines of the two apatosaurs, their tails moving slowly. Of the two, Ida observed all around in a slow 360 degree move, looking for anywhere to walk out of the vast deset. Finally, she had spotted a place that may be what they were looking for. \"Come Libby, for we must venture on.\" Her voice was quiet and soft, but maintained the properties of an order. \"Will we find the others?\" Libby said from behind, her voice becoming feeble an blue. Ida stood still before, over the course of a few seconds, turned around and hugged Libby with her tail. With a sterner voice, she spoke once more, \"Don't worry Libby, we'll find them.\", nudging Libby slightly so that they could start their daily stride, they ambled down the lonesome hill they had slumbered on. There was this thing that would happen where you remember a place, and knowing it would be the last you'd see of it. Both Ida and Libby felt this way as they directed away from the hill. No change in the light could be observed as they plowed through the desert, with every step they took displacing the sand underneath. It would be about a few hours before the incline of the ground became noticable, and with time the mountains that lay before them grew larger. Both Ida and Libby were too focused on home, their family, all the personal things, to speak to each other. By the time they got up and around the rugged terrain, a small platau of powdered-sand was there to meet them. The ground hardened on a small decline down the mountain- about a hundered meters. Eventually, the light had finally started to dim down. After walking on a couple hundred kilometers of sand, rock, ups and downs, they were both too tired to carry on. On a small, dark-brown hill, Libby was almost limping, every now-and-then she would fall asleep while subccounciously walking. However even then it would only last a moment, before she collapsed onto the floor in tiredness. The unexpected thumpalerted Ida as she swung round swiftly. \"Libby!\" She wailed, before quickly realising why Libby had fallen. There wasn't much else Ida could do, so instead of continuing on with Libby on her back, Ida decided to rest around Libby. Hopefully, the next day would be more interesting. Ida bolted up as the ground began to tremble, was there a large creature approaching? Or was something similar to the event at Clawtooth about to happen again? Libby seemed un-phased by the suddent shaking, still sleeping out the exhastion from yesterday. With no time to spare Ida used her tail to bring the small apatosaur onto her back, before reaching the top of the hill. All around the lose rocks and foliage were waving around, the ground truly was shaking on it's own. However, contrast to Clawtooth the shaking soon died down to nothing, and everything had returned to its usual state as if nothing had ever happened. It was almost as if nature had decided to shake just so Ida would wake. Once again, the clouds filled the sky, perhaps darker than yesterday though hard to tell. Two things were different though, the once grey clouds had turned to a desaturated yellow colour, and the temperature was noticably colder than usual. As Ida began to stride, the silent groan from Libby soon sounded. \"Wake up Libby, it's time to wander.\" Ida spoke softly. Libby however wasn't amused, to say the least \"Is Clawtooth really far away?\" she moaned in annoyance. The question soon sank, how far were they really, and how long would it take to get back? Weeks, months, maybe even years? The mere thought of not seeing the rest of their family for years was chilling enough to get them to continue walking once more. Time for Libby and Ida became irrelevant, with only days being remotely measurable. Along with time, their eyes had to adjust for the darkened environment in order to have knowledge on at least how far into the day they were. Who knows, maybe they had already slept through most of the day, there was no way to tell apart from the time it would be before the sky would darken. \"Hey, is that a lake I see?\" Libby soon dashed out of Ida's reach, fresh water was a necessity they hadn't seen in days, and it wouldn't be long before they would feel it. It seemed as if Libby had completely lost it, and perhaps the effects of dehydration had already taken over her. But if Libby could see a lake, all Ida would need to do is raise her neck and see for herself. There was just one problem; having her head too high means that her heart would have to use more energy to get the blood to her head. Usually this wouldn't be a problem, but under these conditions where they were most likely kilometers above sea level, it was vastly different. She lifted her head only slightly and already the lake that was before them had taken shape, it wasn't too far away either, and consisted of a light blue colour. It was the one time she would strain her body in order to out pace Libby, and had made it to the lake before. Once Libby had cought up, they drank the salty water and- \"SALT WATER?!\" Both Libby and Ida spat out the water, the distinguishable taste stonger than anything they could've imagined. It quickly came to them that since they were in a desert, these lakes would msot likely dry up at times, leaving only salt for the next lake to fill into. If there was one thought they had, it would be the need to get out of the desert. There was however, one thing, that layed on the horizon: a small set of mountains containing colours unlike those that were in the desert. It may just be more desert, but something is better than nothing. And with that they made way for the mountains. Another lonesome hill, taller than the one before, had come into view. The day appeared to be coming to a close, though Ida was determined to find the edge of the desert before nightfall. Looking from the hill Ida could see two sets of mountains, both with white caps on the top. They weren't anything like Clawtooth but were enough for them to make way. Finally, once the last hill was gone from view, the extreme terrain of the mountains could be seen in full display, and below lay fourth a river valley that went downhill. Slipping every now and then down the river valley, the sound of the rushing water was soothing despite it's chaos. As the ground on either side became steeper, it seemed like the valley was closing in on them. A cool breeze rushed in from down-river, a clear sign that a new environment was on the other side of the valley. Twists and turns were frequent, and a secondary river joined up from another valley, though it was obvious that going downhill would be better off. This happened several times, indicating that they were a part of a river fork, leading up to a main river system. Soon, one of the ice-capped mountains stood before them, unlike they grey rock Clawtooth possessed this had brown rock, almost grass-like. If there was grass up here, what was on the other end? All these thoughts rushed by them as they continued down. It wasn't long after they went by the mountain did they see smaller mountains on either side covered in grass and trees. This was a big surprise to Ida especially, the event had burnt everything over at Clawtooth, how did this area stay untouched? As the slope became horizontal, the hills became greener and greener, with the rock being completely covered by dirt, grass and foliage. The river by now was the size of the one they'd known at their home, and rushed down than they could ever walk, but the river banks were starting to get too dense with trees for them to walk side-by-side, and had to walk in a single-file pattern. The valley quickly opened up to a vast plataeu, cooler than the desert that they would forget in a heartbeat. Walking into the middle, where the river split into two, there was no where to know which way to go, and the setting sun marked the end of another day. \"Let us sleep here Libby, then we can worry about where to go tomorrow.\" Soft as ever, and once again, Libby and Ida layed rest, for whatever tomorrow had to offer. Audio Message #7: Subject Member #4+6: Members 4 and 6, aka Ida and Libby respectively, has travelled an astonishing 1,100 Km (684 Miles), across the vast desert despite all odds. While both are in perfect condition, fresh water will need to be aquired soon, as dehydration seems to have already taken effect to especially Libby. Fortunately, being in a forested area has it's perks, and fresh water may still be found nearby. Odds of survival have fallen, but still high. New survival scale: From 1-5, where 5 is perfect condition and 1 is near-death (0 being dead of course). Members 4 and 6 are at 3 and 4 respectfully. Note that the survival scale takes both physical and mental health into condition. Other factors such as access to water/food supply and shelter are also taken to account. End of message. A/N: Ye ye, I know. Exams are getting close with only a few weeks left, and will last probably until mid-June. This weekend will be the last time I upload any more chapters until the exams are over. This chapter does go over quite a few details, however writing anymore about a desert will probably make me go insane, I don't think I can make the desert seem interesting without spending the whole day wondering what descriptive words to place into. Next chapter: March of the Desert Queens Fun Facts: N/A[Chapter 16] Location: 4°55'24.09\"S. 80°26'11.65\"W. Time since asteroid impact: 2 weeks 4 days The sky was much darker than before, even the middle of the day felt more like the evening at times. While there were patches that broke the usual cloud layer, they were sparce, and short-lived. These holes allowed those below to still be able to see clearly the landscape in front. For Buck and Russel, this was perfect for making their journey north to what Russel called the badlands; an area created by the recent catastrophe that compiles of ash-filled plains and entire forests on fire. Russel also made note that the nature of the wind allowed the badlands to grow, reaching towards the south, and could easily make it to the Sobel Forest (Note: Amazon Rainforest) and cause devastating effects in the long run. \"Sounds terrible, is there anything we could do to stop it?\" Buck asked, hoping that there could be at least some good in all this bad. To his fears though, Russel shook his head, \"Us two alone can't. In fact, it would take millions to clear out something that vast. We'd probably need everyone of Oykot, if they weren't involved with their own thing.\" \"Oykot?\" \"You've never heard of it? Oykot is a massive city across the vast ocean, everyone is told about it after the age of- wait how old are you Buck?\" Although it came out of the blue, it didn't take long for Buck to answer. \"Eleven, I'm eleven. Why'd you ask, Russel?\" \"Figures, everyone is usually told about it at the age of eighteen. You know, I could teach you a lot about the things that not many at your age would know.\" That made him stop completely. Buck for a time didn't know how to respond to that sort of statement, until Russel continued, \"You alright there lad?\" \"Yes, what exactly would you know that I don't?\" \"Buck don't test me on that. I know enough about these lands to get you back to your home. If it wasn't for me you wouldn't even make it past the borders.\" Perplexed, Buck questioned the last statement. \"Borders?\" \"You really don't know do you? There are borders north from here that we have to cross in order to get to Clawtooth Mountain.\" \"Why not just go around?\" \"The border goes right across the land, Buck.\" \"Then swim around.\" \"Can't do that either, they make sure that only with special requirements should one be allowed to cross the borders, if you make it through the southern border and afterwards something else is found out about you, they stop you at the northern border, which is why they have two borders. If we are to make it through both of them, then we should probably not mention Clawtooth Mountain.\" \"Wait what? Why not?\" \"Because- ah why am I even telling you this- you should know this part about Clawtooth already, you lived there according to what you said.\" Before Buck could respond however, Russel had tripped over a large rock sat out in the middle of the path. Buck rolled his eyes over how much Russel had himself distracted from simply looking forward before it was too late, but nonetheless did what he could to help Russel get back to his usual standing position. \"Thanks buddy.\" Russel simply said, a small hint of a smile being noticed by Buck. \"No problem, Russel.\" Noticing the setting sun already passing, they both decided that their long walk needed a break. And so they rested for the night... Later that night... \"Pssst, Buck. Wake up.\" A soft voice emerged from the quietness, a sense of noise started to form. \"Mm? What is it papa?\" Buck instinctively spoke, before a second later realising what he just said. Jumping up into consiousness, the first thing to notice was the amount of orange all around, \"This wasn't here before, right?\" Buck thought to himself as his vision got clearer. What was a blur of variant orange cleared up to a massive amount of towering flames about three times as high as the trees they were feeding off of. Seeing Russel right beside him made Buck question how long he had been oblivious to the fire. \"I've been trying to wake you up for a good few moments Buck! Now lets get moving!\" Russel rushed Buck up as they both went in opposite directions. For Buck, moving away from the flames as the safest option, however he soon realised the reasoning behind Russel's decision; while running towards the flames was dangerous, the wildfire would push them south, and away from Clawtooth Mountain. Not too soon were they both running alongside, right through the fire and flames finding gaps- as if going through a maze but the walls were that of intense fire and heat. Without warning Buck tripped over himself, falling onto his face, while Russel continued on for a couple of seconds before turning back to see the state his new companion was in. Rushing over to his side, a nearby tree on fire fell onto Russel's back, instead fo Buck. Brushing it off, he lifted Buck onto his back, before continuing to run. As the intense got to Buck, his conciousness slowly faded, hoping that when he did come back, things would be better... In this current state, Buck was once again unsure of what was going on. Had seconds gone by or hours? Was he okay or was he in agonising pain? Was he truely safe or was he dying? None of these questions he could answer in this state. There was a complete sense of being lost, it was torture, not knowing anything about what was going on outside, and being left to your own thoughts. Muffled sounds from the outside slowly came more clear, along with his sight, however his whole boday still felt numb. The cracking of the flames had definitely gone, that was for sure. From that he knew they were out of the fire, and thus in safety. But the other muffled sounds could still be anything, was it Russel, or birds? Finally, the sights were clear enough for Buck to determine what his current situation was; Russel had layed Buck down onto a clear patch of dirt after reaching the other side of the flames and heat, while Russel was trying to wake him up. \"I'm okay Russel... just... give me time... to regain my senses.\" Buck panted, in a sudden moment he felt the need to breath in the air after realising how fresh it was- it was his body's way of trying to clear out all of the smoke. \"Easy there Buck, breath in and out sloooowly, alright? In... and out... in... and out... there you go. Keep doing that and you'll be fine.\" Russel said, his tone was unlike his natural one, this time it felt like Russel cared about Buck as much as Henry did to Buck. It was unsettling due to how similar it was. \"Am I... all right?\" Buck asked, his vision still on the verge of clearing completely. \"Don't worry Buck, you're fine.\" Russel continued as Buck finally saw all of the details on Russel; his back was now blackened due to the intense fires, his face littered with various-sized singes and marks from making it out alive, and a thin grace that had cut across his left side where his upper and lower jaw would be. \"Russel, are you okay?\", \"Don't worry about me Buck, I've had worse.\" \"You have!? \" \"Oh yes, but those stories are for another time Buck, not quite sure if you're ready just yet.\" Russel chuckled, or at least attempted to before coughing. \"We should probably rest for real this time, now that the worst is over.\", \"Lets not tempt fate again, Buck.\" Russel said, only smiling this time, before they both rested. Audio Message #8: Subject Member #5: Member 5, aka Buck, has travelled 387 miles (624 Km's) with his new friend, and while things are semi-stable between the two, it is just as likely that their relationship will grow as well as diminish, only time will tell. Using the new survival scale (0 being dead and 5 being perfectly alive), Buck's value is predicted to be a 4, as his emotional state is still quite low. End of message. A/N: By far this is the longest break I've had on this, I feel so bad for leaving you guys short but my personal life had just gone into a crisis, now that I'm fit for doing more chapters, I will say that my activity will be low when September arrives, as I'll be going to University for the first time (studying Geology). I don't know how things'll turn out for the rest of the year,but I plan to finish this story by the years end. Next chapter: Cross-Species Communication Fun Facts: N/A[Chapter 17] Location: 39°54'48.08\"S. 72°39'06.07\"W. Time since asteroid impact: 2 weeks 3 days Blue skies shrouded behind the looming clouds that had taken over throughout the past couple of weeks, as they gazed down upon those that survived the initial events. One of those individuals was none other than Henry, and his aquaintence called Spot, and while their friendship was neutral at best, Henry couldn't stand to be around Spot sometimes. I mean in all honesty if someone stole all of the food you made for your family you probably wouldn't want to be around them too either right? The landscape had become more desaturated from the lack of holes in the white sheets above, and it seemed like it could only get worse, as nearby smoke was billowing from the horizon to the right of them- had been for hours now. Throught the journey that involved seeing these towers of blackened clouds, it was clear to Henry they whatever had caused Clawtooth to be destroyed was also responsible for these cloud features. Echos of roaring came from all directions, where they from the smoke? Or was it an actual animal? It was a question that neither answer was uncertain, that is, until they were passing by a snow-capped-mountain that too was blasting the same smoke into the sky. Every time there was a rumble, a larger amount of smoke would come from the top. This particular mountain exploded not just smoke that went up but also smoke that went down the sides, along while throwing boulders of rock out of itself, even spewing a glowing red liquid at times. Knowing it was too dangerous to get close, the two simply went on by without daring going closer. Not too long afterwards, the remains of a fairly large lake was spotted. Naturally, getting closer to see if there was any water left seemed the best of options. At the same time however, the violent mountain they had just passed by could've easily have sent rock into this lake, deeming it too hazardous to go to. So with that, Henry set on course to stay in the open, that way any danger that came from the mountains would be seen before they heard it, instead of the other way around. Day and night felt more blurred this time, it was less distinct. The mountains that glowed didn't help with that in anyway, so waking further would eventually lead them to a point at which even the glow would be covered by the horizon. Big problem with that idea: by the time this was fulfilled, it was the middle of night, so the two were now left in an almsot perpetual darkness, where even the landscape was hard to distinguish from the sky above. All Henry could hope for is the next glow from the mountains. Morning slowly passed physically, and over time it was easier to see what night had brought burden on Henry. While Spot had the perks of being small and light enough to just rest on Henry's back, Henry, caring for his family, continued on all night without resting at all. This differential between the two resulted in a one-sided argument between Henry and... well Spot couldn't exactly answer back so technically it was between Henry and a wall. Though on the plus side, it didn't last long, seeing they Henry realised that Spot probably didn't understand a word, and possibly wouldn't care even if he did. The new light also revealed that they had drifted closer to the mountains over night, possibly due to being guided more by the glows that every now-and-then came from them. Along with this however, came a problem. There was now a small mountain range to the left as well, and since neither Henry nor spot could tell whether these produced the glows or the smoke, they were forced to go between the two ranges. This gap between the two sets of mountains only got narrower, albeit still ranging tens of miles wide. This size decreased further as they moved on, to the point at which hills were now sparcely populated between. Then again, maybe the town infront could give help... wait what? Yep, for some reason both Henry and Spot didn't see the town for a good 5 minutes before it was completely obvious that it was there. Ambling towards the town, no one came to meet him dispite the loud noise he was making just by getting closer- and walking in town was just as frustrating. This town seemed to have been abandoned not too long ago. If that surely was the case, maybe there was some spare food to have a munch at. Having a look at each of the buildings showed that those that lived here were of different sizes; some homes were so small only Spot could get inside, others were so large that Henry could easily enter the entrances. One house in particular looked more polished, more kept in shape than the others. Stone walls that glistened in patches of whites, greys, reds, and more. No ordinary door layed upon the entrance, rather there was nothing blocking the way in. There was though a small circular object on the side of the doorway, and while Henry ignored it, Spot climbed unto Henry's head before momentarily pushing the said object, which had now emitted a high pitched sound that slowly quietened. Scoulding at the young boy, Henry soon felt the presense of someone else other then themselves, and upon looking back at the doorway, his gut feelings were only confirmed. Filling the entire doorway was one that looked to have been a part of the town for a while, and compared to Henry this guy was definitely taller and bulkier. Surprisingly, his voice wasn't intimidating at all, it wasn't coarse in any way or form and it was at a pace that almost harmonised with one's understandings of the sentences said. It was odd, this guy looked like he could easily pick a fight with just about anything, however everything else was almost the opposite. This had to be some sort of defense mechanism, there's no doubt that this one isn't actually trying to be intimidating, so one can only imagine that anything that came to do bad to this town would immediately turn around when this guy actually wanted to scare them away. \"Oh, wasn't expecting anyone to be here anymore. You must be either new to this town or very, very lost. Come in, lemme get you something to eat up on, no offence but it looks like you haven't eaten for weeks!\" Actually going inside only made the atmosphere stranger, the walls were littered with large cavities that kept certain nessessities in them, the home wasn't even a single room, but rather quite a few. There were large items made of wood that seemed to have been polished, and possibly also kept items insde. One room, much larger than the others in terms of width and length had stone furniture covered with grass, hay and other plants that made said furniture look and feel more comfortable. Feeling awkward, Henry thought it would be best to intoduce himself and his aquaintence, though when doing so spoke as if he hadn't had anything to clear his throat, to which the other replied \"Deary me lemme get you some water! You're very lucky to have come to this town in time otherwise I'm not sure you would've survived another week.\" Wanting to argue, Henry thought better due to both the hospitality and the actual truth to his words. Henry's kind didn't really need water or food every day- they used to, a long time ago, but had adapted to have more nutritional food in favour of eating for less time, the same with water. Only problem is this meant that for some amount of days they wouldn't feel thirsty nor hungry, but after then it would immediately kick off. Eventually, both food and water were given to Henry and Spot. \"Now, allow me to intoduce myself while you eat up. The name's Negev, former traden of this town.\" Finishing the food Henry had currently, he had enough time to ask \"Traden?\" Negev sighed, before responding. \"A traden is someone who does all of the exchanges in the town, whether it be resources from the mountains, or food from the farms here, even kids if things got extremely dire, which fortunate hasn't happened until a few weeks ago.\" \"Why what's happened?\" Henry asked, mid-eating, to which Negev gave a shocked-and-worrying look directly towards the Apatosaur. \"You've been living under a mountain? The bright death event!? You know? Big bright light in the sky? Wall of air stripping trees and wooden buildings off thier roots, with big stormy clouds that covered the sky? None of this ringing? Not even the reports of a wall of fire bursting throughout town? The nerve on you to say you didn't know of any of thos-\" \"Well those did happen where I came from, just, I didn't know that happened here too, where ever 'here' is.\" Finishing the meal that Negev gave out, Henry let out a long, deep sigh. If one was standing by, you could almost see the weight of responsibility on him almost crush him. \"Family stuff huh?\" Henry looked up as Negev stood beside, breathing slowly he responded troublesomly. \"Yeah, I miss 'em. I'd do anything to get them back, so see them again.\" After a brief moment of silence, Negev was now the one to ask more questions. \"So, seems to me like you're from up north, considering you came from the south. Fortunately for you I have a large map that I can lend to you, should help you get back to where you need to go.\" Walking to one of the wooden holders as if knowing that he'd eventually go there, he took out the map he told of and rolled it out across the table-like furniture. Pointing to a part of the map near the bottom, he exclaimed \"This point here is where we are right now. Depending on where exactly your home is, you'll need to get past both the southern and northern borders marked here and here, where the land is at its thinnest, they're pretty close to each other I know.\" Continuing, he spoke \"Henry, where exactly, do you live? You can point it on the map you know?\" Henry almost immediately pointed to a part of the map he was sure was where he lived, but then he decided not to point at all, Negev would soon realise that Henry had no knowledge of where his home on the map actually was, and since only town/city names were marked on the map, he deduced that Henry had lived rurally. \"If you can't figure it out on the map, maybe you could describe the place? Or better yet, does it have a name?\", \"Of course it has a name, why wouldn't it? Anyways, how does Clawtooth Mountain sound like to you?\" Before Henry knew it he and Spot was outside of the house, the doorway blocked by a massive chunk of wood. \"Any idea what happened there?\" Henry asked Spot rhetorically. \"Well then, uh... thanks for the food and water, really appreciated. If it was something I said, I'm sorry to have given you inconvenience.\" No answer came from behind the doorway, to which Henry told Spot \"Righty then, lets get us home then shall we?\" After walking merely a few steps away from the home, Henry could hear the doorway open again, Negev poking his head out to eye on Henry. \"Look we're going okay!? Meant no harm jeez...\" Henry exclaimed, slightly paranoid as to what Negev may do if Henry turned his attention away from him. Fortunately, Henry need not have worried. \"Look Henry, I'm sorry for what just happened, back there. You startled me when you mentioned that name, do you, actually live there?\" Slowly, and shortly, Henry preceeded to nod to the question. \"Ooooh dear, come back insid- I mean, augh why is it so complicated!?\" \"What is?\" \"You! You come from Clawtooth Mountain! That means you yourself are a bad omen to those you interract with, but at the same time you lived there so that means you have some terrible, bad luck on your side, forcing me to want to help you yet at the same time pushing me away from it... oh why not!\" Negev proceeded to pull Henry back into the home. \"Can you please tell me what's going on?\" \"Henry what do you mean? It's like you don't know about it! But we all know, that would be crazy talk right... right?\" Negev slowly turned from a joking face to a face that Henry wouldn't believe he could make. Disgust, anger, worry, shamfulness, all the negitive fears into one single expression; not many could give such a face though Henry knew now that Negev was one that could. \"You have got to be kidding me.\" \"I'm not.\" \"Okay fine, eeeehhhh, Clawtooth...\" Negev physically shivered at the mention of the name, \"Is a bad omen, because of him . Do you know what him means? No? You don't know about the tales of the Nysasaurian Empire?\" Henry shook his head to all three questions. \"How can you not know?! Every child at the age of 19 is told of this, why weren't you?\" \"I don't know Negev, would you care to tell me?\" \"Pfff, I have enough bad omens around this house already, I don't need more piling up! Here have the map, actually here...\" Negev eventually gave Henry a strap with a container on it that he could place over himself {Personally I'd call it a handbag} before Negev proceeded to place the map along with a jar of golden-orange liquid. \"There's a map and some food that shouldn't go bad in terms of nutrition, sorry I can't be of anymore assisstance-\" \"Actually you can!\" Henry almost chirpishly spoke. \"Hm? How?\" \"Could you tell us where on this map Clawtooth is?\" To which Negev seemed almost inflamed in anger \"It's right there, that one with the symbol that literally translates to 'do not go here at all costs unless you want to hug death', happy? Now go!\" With the info needed, and feeling like all that would come from staying at this particular house would be inconvenience. So with that, Henry and Spot went off from Negev's house. Audio Message #8: Subject Member #3: Member 3, aka Henry, has travelled 440 miles (709 Km's) with Spot. Things seem to be still metastable between the two, and since Negev, their survival score is raised from a 3 to a 4.5 out of 5 (0 being dead and 5 being perfectly alive/healthy). Notes: Curiosity may lead one to some dark places, so tread with caution, Henry. End of message. A/N: Yep. I had a funny feeling that University was more than I could deal with. I don't know what to say anymore! Except, I hope that I can start getting chapters going again. It may be to a point where I can only do this during the lonegr holidays, which means either christmas or summer. Not what I want but I don't know anything else I can do to be more consistent. Next chapter: Horned Entrapment Fun Facts: Negev means 'from the south'[Chapter 18] Location: 15°41'06.06\"S. 67°07'49.67\"W. Time since asteroid impact: 3 weeks 6 days Sleep patterns had now become an arbitrary guess instead of a certainty; the sky so blended between day and night that no guess could be entirely accurate. Only the outlines of nearby mountains, along with the sound of nearby animals, were the life signs of a new day. Although they rested in the river to cool down, the rising heat of the surrounding air had now become uncomfortable to say the least. Waking up then, in this case, was not a pleasent experience anymore. What was once a daily experience of vibrant colours and shapes, had now been bleached into desaturated tones of grey, grey, and more grey. As if the life-force of the sky had ceased to function. Even walking had become painful, not due to any injuries, but from the dehydration due to the new, relentless heat. And yet the two apatosaurs of the forest marched on, determined against all odds stacked up against them to reach their home. Blanketing canopies provided a slight break from the new temperatures, providing enough help for them to keep moving for at least a few days before even the forest could no longer help. By this time though, the temperature had started to fall, once again a new relief for Libby and Ida. Above all else, they stuck to the river, not the main one however, as they both knew this would lead out eventually to the ocean. This allowed them to keep heading north, while still keeping the mountains on their left in view. It had now been about a week since they had first entered the large forest, and despite the external pressures, both had fought against a lot that had been thrown at them. They knew that there was not much else that would surpris- The landscape had changed dramatically, the forests opened up to reveal the stone pillars that were surrounding the river and its neighbouring banks. These stone pillars seemed to have been eroded to their former shapes, however the boulders that were ontop told a different story. Sliding past each one was of difficulty; especially for Ida, as they were so densely populated. As they continued through the slithering sounds of munching grew from nowhere until it was so loud it felt like it was just behind the piller in front. Ida was the first to look around, followed by Libby. From what they could see, a pack of raptors were feasting upon a carcas of some type of wild animal. Sitting right next to them was a unique dinosaur. One striking feature were the horns protruding out of its preadatory head. Ida almost felt Libby about to yelp at the sight but managed to cover her with one move with her tail. \"We have to be quiet Libby, look again.\" So Libby did, and realised that the horned dinosaur was actually trapped, almost tied to one of the pillers with a nest of vines, unable to move or reach them with its mouth. \"See there Libby? The raptors have trapped that one, we mustn't speak too loudly or that may happen to us.\" Ida looked around only to find that the dinosaur in question had turned their head towards them, having spotted their presense. It was hard to tell what exactly the dinosaur was trying to say, or even signal, before the raptors took notice, but whatever it was trying to tell them they had stopped, allowing the raptors to continue feasting on the bloody remains. From what Ida could guess, the dinosaur was trying to tell them to not bother and leave before they too would become victim. And yes, every part of Ida told her to heed the dinosaurs warning and leave, but before she could tell Libby, she noticed that Libby had already walked away from the scene and towards some vines. \"Libby what are you doing? We should be-\" \"We can't just let them suffer like that!\" Libby argued in a whisper, Ida for once was startled by the fact that Libby had actually gone against her mothers orders. \"Anyways, I saw Henry do this with Arlo, if we can do the same thing but larger we might get them.\" \"That is a big 'might', Libby. How do you know this is gonna work as planned?\" Ida now really wanted out of this place, however gave Libby the time to reply. \"When you and poppa decided to have us, did you know it was gonna work as planned?\" Libby rebutted, smirking in a way that showed that she knew how Ida would react. Right away they both got to work, at first Ida hadn't a clue what Libby had in mind. Over time it became more clear that it was a large-scaled trap for the raptors. Meanwhile the fellow dinosaur continued struggling to free themself, every now and then the raptors would glance back at them. One of them eventually walked closer to the trapped dinosaur. \"You may have me trapped here, but make one more step and I will not hesitate to end your day quickly, or even slowly for that matter\" Feminine in voice, however still ruthless in tone. Mentioned raptor responded by walking away for a second or two, before turning back towards the dinosaur and leaping straight at her. \"Hey!\" The raptor stopped in its tracks, the others looked up from the now-fly-ridden corpse to see both Libby and Ida in front of them all. Tensions rose, and the atmosphere felt thicker than ever, before all of the raptors lunged for the two. Running for their lives, or so it seemed, instead luring them into the area of interest, before stopping. As the raptors stopped, one of them; most likely the alpha, proceeded to once again lunge at the two, however stopped seemingly mid air. It turned out that one of its legs was caught in some extra vines, and while trying to jump them had tightened it to the point where either it snapped or something else would give. That something else turned out to be the boulders on top of the pillars, four to be precise, as one by one they trapped the raptors in a net of vines. While it wouldn't hold them there forever, it gave them enough time to free the trapped dinosaur and leave the area immediately. \"Thanks for saving me back there, I don't know how I could repay your hospitality.\" The dinosaur affirmed, \"Well we're currently heading back home, so if you know any way of taking us nearer then that would help us very much!\" Ida had pointed out. \"Well, where is it exactly, your home?\" Already curious, Ida proceeded to answer. \"Clawtooth Moun-\" Unfortunately for Ida, she was not able to utter the full name before the dinosaur tried her best to use its tail as a whip. \"You two, should leave. Now!\" \"Wait what? Wh-\" \"Don't question the safety of our kind, you-\" \"That's my Libby you're talking to... uh...\" \"The name's Eithne- wait no don't change the subject! You know how bad Clawtooth is right? No one lives permanently anywhere near it! Did yo- no you could- yes your face says it all! You've been living right under Clawtooth's peaks haven't you?...\" Eithne paused, before contemplating what the two apatosaurs must've been through before meeting her. \"I'm, sorry, for what I did just now. You went all this way to save me and this is how I respond? It's just, how blissful is the ignorence that you bestow around yourselves, not knowing all of the things that... I'm not helping am I? I know where it is, quite far but reachable. This way.\" Eithne had leed the way for Ida and Libby to follow, hopefully for a better tomorrow. Audio Message #9: Subject Members #4 & #6: Members 4 and 6, aka Ida and Libby, has travelled 815 miles (1312 Km's) with a new friend since my last visit. With a new friend their survivability had increased placing their survival score at a 4 out of 5 (0 being dead and 5 being perfectly alive/healthy). Notes: Eithne seems to have temper issues, I would not want to ask the wrong questions, Ida. End of message. A/N: Ye possibly the last I'll do until the next holidays, I underestimated university, so I won't be active as much- well, you've already seen how my activity has dropped. Anyways see you in the next chapter! Next chapter: A Scrambled Past Fun Facts: This scene is based off of a deleted scene from The Good Dinosaur called 'Raptor Trap', very limited access and I've only recently been able to watch it, it's great! ","Summary":" \"It has been said, 'time heals all wounds.' I do not agree. The wounds remain. In time, the mind, "},{"Movie":"Good Dinosaur","Title":"The Good Dinosaur: Peter's Machine Between Worlds","Author":"MegalexMaster","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12391641","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Last day at NEASA February, 2029, central San Jose. About 8 in the morning and already the streets were flowing with cars, the sides of buildings glimmered in the reflection of the bright morning sun, and plane trails dominated the eastern sky. Just outside downtown San Jose, the traffic was starting to pile up. Cars were beeping here and there, giving one man a mild headache. This man was not going to some ordinary work place like everyone else. No, this man was going to NEASA; the National Earth And Science Administration. This facility was a division of NASA, focusing mainly on the Earth science. It wasn't as daunting as going into space, but the research that was taking place there was out of the ordinary. Rush hour was one of the worst times to be on the road, especially for one man. That man was Peter; a six foot high man with brown eyes and a really dark shade of brown for hair. He was nice to others a lot of the time, and would only use violence as a last resort. At the age of 34, Peter had been in NEASA for about three years, and nothing abnormal had happened in that time. Only a few weeks ago he had made one of the biggest discoveries of all time, but by now the only thing he could think of was... well we'll go into more detail later. \"This traffic is a nightmare, I should of taken the hyperloop train today. What's on the radio lately?\" The adult asked himself, the car automatically selected a random radio station, which was broadcasting the news... \"Welcome to the 106 FM radio, 8:30 in the morning. News over recent events almost a month ago have since died down, however the vast majority of people in California and people from across the nation are still asking \"what was that thing in the sky?\". The NEASA center that was destroyed during the event has since been rebuilt, though smaller, and much of the houses that were damaged have since been refurbished and restored. The CEO of NASA hasn't stated anything regarding the events, which has lead to some believing that the only one who can speak about this is the eyewitnesses. It is unfortunate that so far none of them have said anything other than another world and a large portal, however today there will be an interview of Peter Brooks, who has been the top person of the controversial events. Now onto the weather...\" Parking his car at the closest space to the NEASA space center. He was crowded by the media, who were throwing out all sorts of questions. He didn't say anything to anyone, just as long he could get inside. He quickly slammed the door before they could get in, locking it just in case. \"Man, they've been getting more and more pushy since I decided to come back to San Jose.\" He sighed to himself, even after a month of leaving the city it seemed that not much time had passed. \"Lemme guess, news having a go at you again?\" A familiar voice, it was Peter's friend Sarah. She was slightly smaller in height than Peter, with golden hair and green eyes. The 30-year-old looked younger, mid 20s kinda look, with a fairly slim dress that made her look even more younger. \"Yes, what else could it be? They just won't let it go.\" He said frustratingly, sighing heavily to express how stupid it was. \"Well, who would forget about that? No one forgets four di-\"Sarah was interrupted when he pointed to the camera's. \"We can't discuss about them here, maybe later at the San Pedro Square. For now let's get to business, found anything interesting from the data ALMAT provided?\" Peter asked swiftly. She looked at him directly \"Apart from the fact that the rocks are six million years younger, and how there's no iridium layer at the sixty-five million mark, I'm convinced that you're the reason they even exist.\" Not wanting to ask more about the subject, his friend changed subject \"So what happened to ALMAT?\" well, a subject that was closely related to the previous one. \"I left her with them, she can survive for this long, however I need to get to them pretty soon. There's some files in encrypted in her programming that will decrypt at any time now. I regret leaving them, but I didn't want them knowing.\" \"Knowing what exactly? You haven't told me that either.\" Sarah asked sternly, Peter knew he couldn't ignore it and continued \"Very personal, I found something on the recording, specifically when we first landed. Well, I didn't. He did.\" \"If it's that personal then okay, I won't bother. How long you'll be staying today?\" \"Not for much longer, I've got an interview at one in the afternoon. It's going to be a long day from then on explaining everything. Since they're probably going to broadcast it for the public to see, you might as well listen to it.\" From 9 am to midday things were boring. As most of the research was lost a month back it was hard to do anything. Today was Peter's last day at the site, feeling that working there was just going to stress him out more, even if he did see his friends again. It would take a whole year for the place to be fully built, so there was no point doing nothing in that time. At the last hour, Peter went into the Seismic Room; a room dedicated to the plate tectonics of Earth and research into forecasting quakes. He sighed looking at the monitor, which showed a slowly spinning Earth, there were rings marking where earthquakes had occurred in the last 48 hours, along with arrows showing where the earthquakes would progress to. \"Been a long time since I looked at this, forecasting quakes was much harder before this, luckily someone made this. Without it who knows how many wouldn't be here anymore.\" He said to himself, it was him that first used the program to make predicting quakes as accurate as weather forecasts. Leaving the room, he decided to take the hyperloop train, since his car would park itself back home if left for too long. On the train, he was asked multiple questions, to which he kept saying the same answer \"You'll get your answers soon enough.\" Saying the same sentence over again soon made everyone quiet, and by soon I mean half of the 2 minute trip back to central San Jose. Taking a walk across town instead of directly going to the interview was nicer. Although the sound of cars wasn't as appealing as he'd hoped, it was the perfect thing to relieve his thoughts. Since most people went by car, there weren't many people who asked questions along the way, and if there was he'd ignore it. It was 5 minutes to 1 in the afternoon by the time he got to his destination; a tall glazed building of 20 floors. He was soon greeted by the customer service, who told him which floor and room to go to rather than asking him any questions. \"At least they don't bother me. Well then, time to reveal one and for all.\" Peter said to himself as he pressed the close button. A small digital number increased from G to 14 as the elevator stopped. The hallway in front wasn't too long, about 3 doors on either side. Opening the second door to the left, he saw all that was this room. The blinds were down and the lights were on, a medium-sized table stood in the middle, and around it were 3 cameras; presumably to broadcast the interview. A man in his late 40s sat at the farthest side of the table, gesturing to a seat on the opposite side. \"Good afternoon Peter, now you know why you're here. Don't you?\" He spoke in a deep and serious tone. Peter sighed, before responding with \"Yes I do, I don't get the point of it though.\" \"I'll refresh you then. Ever since people witnessed what happened over there, everyone's wondering how it happened and if it actually happened. We've asked everyone who saw it just what happened, but we've gotten nothing from them. We spoke to Sarah and she mentioned you, which is why we asked you to come over. Now, you're probably going to ask why we have set up the cameras. Since the public want to know so badly, we're doing this to help them. Now, before you begin, do you have any other questions?\" Peter shifted, before replying \"No. But, I'd like to say that you found the right person at the wrong time. I need to find them-\" \"Them? Who's 'them' Peter?\" \"My friends, I haven't seen them in a month, I have to find them.\" Peter asked, however it was mainly ignored. \"I think they can wait a day, no? Besides, it's only human to wait.\" \"Hmm, how lightly can I say this. They're not human.\" Peter said, knowing how the audience would react to it. \"Would you care to elaborate on that, Mr Brooks?\" \"If you really want to know all that, I won't be talking about something that happened in hours, I'll be talking what happened in months. You people want to know all that?\" Peter asked, looking directly into each camera at a time to get the point across. Intrigued, the man on the other end spoke once more \"We really did find the right person huh. So then Peter, what were their-\" \"Names? Now I won't say all of them right now, it's a bit early for that. However, my best friend I think deserves to have their name called out. Okay then people, grab your meals because this might take a few hours. I'm Peter Brooks and I'll not only be talking about what happened, but I'll also be talking about my encounter with a very special guy. His name is none other than Arlo, the special dinosaur!\" A/N: Hey Guys, Welcome to my new story \"Peter's Machine Between Worlds\", I don't know how long this is going to be, nor do I have a full script. But what I do know is that this is going to be much different from the original film and my first story. Now, I'm going to post the next chapter tomorrow, however I'm not going to upload chapter's next weekend. What I'm going to do is have these stories be uploaded every fortnight-weekend. So one weekend I'll post, then the next I won't, then the next I will and so on. For me it's much easier doing it like this, I have a lot of stuff other than story making and having a routine like this makes things much better. It also gives me more time to plan out the story after this \"The Sounding of a Meteor\". Anyways, I hope you enjoyed this first chapter, let me know how you feel about the story so far. And as always, I'll see you in the next chapter.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Mission Critical Once Peter stopped, he know how confused everyone was. No one except for him and Sarah would know the context behind it, so he had a pretty good understanding of how confusing it would be without context. The interviewer had the expression Peter predicted would happen; an expression of \"Is this guy mad?\" . \"Just as I thought, you and everyone watching are so confused when I said that, people are probably thinking I'm a madman for mentioning something as unexpected at that. But no, it's true, and once I finish talking about how it happened, I'll give you proof. Any other questions you'd like to ask?\" Peter smiled, returning the same question that was said to him made an advantage for him. \"Now, lets be serious here. There's probably a logical explanation for how it happened, correct?\" \"You ask me, I've experienced enough to ask - at what point does logic make sense. You said that other people you interviewed talked about another world through a portal, I can gladly say they are correct, and not mad. Though how and why it happened goes much further back, I've already said that. It started about 2-3 months ago, in the middle of December.\" Friday, December 15th 2028... It was 10 in the morning, and NEASA center was at it's busiest in the day. Peter was studying the monitor, the same rotating Earth being on the screen, along with a rotating Mars with the same features. Around him were other people, doing their own thing on the tectonics. The NEASA division was dedicated to studying the geology of Earth and other planets. \"Any sign of station 12x Peter?\" A friend of Peter's asked. Station 12x was one of the portable earthquake monitors, it was designed to go to Mars and monitor any activity. However it was lost almost a year ago when it mysteriously disappeared. No one had found any sign of it since, but would always keep watch just in case a signal did come through. \"Negative, you know we're not going to get anything from that. Besides, we already have 11 stations on Mars. Anyways, heard anything from NASA?\" Peter asked, his friend worked at both places in alternating weeks. Peter started drinking a hot coffee before his friend replied. \"You'll never guess what's happened. There was some issue with something on Mars, so they've been thinking about sending you.\" At the very instant he finished, Peter spat some of the coffee out in disbelief. \"Are you serious? You're not pulling one on me right? You know I'm not even trained to go to outer space.\" His friend smiled \"Don't worry, they've already thought about that. You're not going to actually fly the ship, the ALMAT can do that for you. The flight deck has dampers between it and the outer plating, so don't worry about the G-forces either. I do recommend learning the controls in case something does require more than the ALMAT can take. You better hurry though, they plan on launching you at 3pm tonight!\" Peter spat the rest of the coffee after his friend announced the very-soon-deadline. Only five hours to prepare, he started thinking whether this was actually going to end well. Walking out of the room he was in, he soon realised another problem, the launch site was in Florida, across the US. It would take about four hours to actually get there. Mars sounded good, but this was just torture to do. However, he soon realised he didn't need to worry about travel. Pressing a button on his watch, a holographic screen appeared in front, covering his entire view. \"Call Sarah.\" Peter asked, the screen displayed large text saying \"CALLING...\", eventually someone picked up. \"Who is this?\" \"Hey Sarah, I need a favor from you.\" \"If it's about the driver-less car forget it, you already have your own so why need mine?\" \"My one's charging, and besides, this is urgent.\" \"Last time you said that it wasn't, what makes this one 'urgent'?\" \"How's a trip to Mars sound like to you?\" Peter asked, knowing what she'd say next. \"You're joking, right?\" \"No, NASA has called me up to go there as there's been a problem with the lack of scientists there. And the 'ALMAT' is flying it, not sure what they mean by that though.\" \"Wait, you get to go with the ALMAT? Okay I'll be right there. The ALMAT is one of those AI-like robots that can go on all terrain, that's what gave it it's name: the Automatic Logistics Machine All Terrain-class. Yes I know the name should be ALMATC but they went for ALMAT instead, sounds nicer.\" Sarah explained, Peter felt much better knowing what it was. \"I'll be waiting.\" Peter finished the call, waiting about 10 minutes before Sarah's car stopped by him - the door opening automatically. \"Cape Canaveral, Florida\" Sarah said, the dashboard at the front displayed a map showing where they'll be going. \"So then, Mars huh? Guess you'll be glad I'm not coming with you.\" Sarah said jokingly, Peter laughed before replying \"Nah, I'll be fine. Won't be as much fun but, in my defense, I get to be with the ALMAT for however long this mission is.\" Peter opened the manual, about 50 pages due to how automatic the spacecraft was. \"You get to go on the Shuttle X1? Lucky you get to be on a very advanced craft, experimental though. Hasn't been tested yet.\" Peter sighed heavily \"Thanks, I really needed to hear that. To be honest though, Mars isn't the best place to go. Now the Grand Teton mountains in Wyoming - they're so beautiful. Went there for the eclipse in 2017, very ominous.\" Sarah only nodded to what he said, before he looked back at the manual. It only took around 1 hour to memorize everything, but there were still 3 more hours left. \"Any plans while I'm away?\" He asked out of the blue. \"No, unless you come back early. I wonder what's on the radio...\" Sarah asked, triggering the dashboard to select a random radio station. Nothing much was on at the time, only thing mildly interesting was the drama over the latest election, and even that was boring as hell. After two more hours, they finally made it to Cape Canaveral. Only 30 minutes left until they launch, and it was already stressful. The trip to Mars was simple, after launch, Peter would arrive at the ISS fuel up. After that, Peter would then go to Mars for a year. Not liking the length of the mission, Peter was at first reluctant to go. However it had to be done, besides, a year isn't as bad as a lifetime mission that some had to do. And stood before him was the Shuttle X1: A 113 meter (371 feet) high space craft, with a fuel tank attached to it, along with 4 boosters - 2 on each side. Peter noticed the strange engines on the craft that was not shown in the manual, and when he asked about it no one took noticed. Slightly worried about what they were, he continued to the elevator. His watch indicated only 5 minutes until launch. It was when he got into the elevator that he first saw the ALMAT. It's shape was weird, as it was on four legs, though it had wheels instead of feet. It also had a long arm on it's back, with a claw instead of a head. \"Uh, I guess you're ALMAT, right?\" Peter asked, he watched in awe as it stood up, retracting it's arm and front two legs. Out came two arms on the sides, both with hands. It's knees adjusted so that instead of pointing back they were pointing forward, and only then did a head emerge from what was now the top. At this point, it was higher than him, which made it more unnerving as it wasn't as big before. \"You are right. And you're Peter I presume.\" It spoke, surprising Peter by how human it sounded, then again technology had advanced enough to which robots could generate human-like speech. It's voice was smooth and feminine, it wasn't perfectly human, but it was enough to convince one otherwise. \"You looking forward to go to Mars?\" \"Not exactly, a year is a pretty long time. Besides, I'm more worried about those engines on the shuttle, they weren't on the manual. Ah never-mind, probably nothing but extra boost. The manual must be of a prototype... great.\"Peter sighed once more, the elevator stopped with the doors opening, revealing the entrance to the shuttle down a not-too-long corridor. Peter looked to his left to see the surprising view, along the horizon lay a storm, possibly a hurricane. It became apparent why they did it at this time and not any later. \"Hurricane. Category four. Time until land fall: ten minutes.\" \"Can you not ALMA, I mean ALMAT. Saying that makes me nervous.\" Peter said worryingly as they made it to the shuttle entrance. \"Sorry, just something I do at random. Also, might as well call me Alma, I sort of prefer that now that you said it.\" Peter stopped just before he got to his seat, never had he heard a robot say anything so... human. \"How AI are you? You sound like you'd pass the Turing test.\" As Peter and Alma got into their seats, she... it... what ever, replied \"You know I did pass that test, apparently I'm very intelligent. Not as intelligent as you imaginatively or emotionally, but I can outsmart a billion of you logically.\" \"One more thing, how do you feel about death?\" Peter asked, fascinated to know it's response as he fastened his seat belt. \"No idea, never experienced it before. I probably wouldn't care.\" There wasn't enough time for Peter to respond before the engines immediately started up. Turns out the hurricane had picked up in speed, and was now making landfall. They decided to launch as soon as possible. Peter readied himself, and prepared for the sudden speed. No voice counting down made it worse, but he could make out just when it would take off the sound of things detaching was terrifying at first, but he knew it was just the pipes connecting the spacecraft to the launchpad. Suddenly it took off, and accelerated with immense force. Even with dampers, the G-forces quickly went to 4.5 for a couple of seconds. Peter looked out of the tiny side-window, seeing that they were already above the clouds, and out of the hurricanes influence. After a minute, a 'thump' sound was heard; the solid boosters had come off at the right time, and soon after the fuel tank detached. Things were going very smoothly. \"Okay now, we made it. It's going to be great from here on out.\" Alma said in reassurance. The lights flickered slightly, but that was expected. Peter looked as the shuttle was slowly rotating, as expected, but it wasn't pointing right. Watching very closely, Peter noticed how the Earths horizon soon rose from the bottom of the front window. \"Alma, what are you doing?\" \"Not now, I'm trying to stop it from doing that!\" Alma said in a frustrating manner. He knew at that point something was wrong. \"Warning, fusion engines will result in dangerous overheating. Do you wish to continue?\" A voice from the spacecraft, not Alma, announced. It was then it was clear to Peter just what those weird engines were. \"It's locked me from the controls. I can't do anything from here on out.\" Alma said, shuttle had now tilted so that it was pointing back down. \"Initiating fusion engine start in thirty seconds.\" The shuttle announced. Things were out of control, and there was no way to stop it. Alma and Peter just watched, hoping that the controls would come back to normal and stop it. It was then they started. \"Shuttle, what's on the news right now?\" Peter asked, looking at Alma as she have him a questionable look. The dashboard showed what was on, and sure enough it was about the shuttle that they were on, with people wondering what was going wrong. The shuttle kept moving towards Earth, and it wasn't going to some random place. No, looking from the front window, Peter and Alma soon realised it was nose-diving toward the eye of the Hurricane that nearly took them out earlier. Randomly, Alma blurted out \"Time until impact: one minute, thirty seconds!\" \"Can you stop that please. Ugh, I wish there was a setting to make you stop doing that.\" Peter said aloud. Flashes of lightning could be seen from above, and the hurricane got perspectively bigger and bigger each second. Peter braced for the sound of the craft hitting ground, not that it would be heard. But, surprisingly, it never came. He opened his eyes to find that they didn't hit the ground. Instead, it was something weird. To describe it at it's best, it was like a tunnel made of clouds, though they looked more... reflective, and metal looking. It had an ominous vibe to it. The lights went out, everything went out, even Alma shut down. \"It was most likely a power surge, I hope.\" Peter thought to himself as the shuttle was still moving through this tunnel. Out of nowhere it vanished, the controls immediately came back, but Alma didn't. Peter took the controls and stopped the shuttle before it hit... something dark. It was moving away at some speed. \"Shuttle, analyze the object in front.\" Peter ordered, a scanning tool from the front of the nose extended, rotating to near vertical both ways, before retracting again. \"Object analyzed. Diameter: 6 miles. Speed: 20 miles a second. Warning, collision immanent.\" The shuttle announced. At first, Peter couldn't see what was in front - it covered the view. But once it moved far enough, he could make out what was in front... Earth. This was no ordinary object, it was an asteroid capable of ending humanity. \"Shuttle, rotate fusion engines to vertical.\" Peter said, moving the shuttle around the asteroid. Landing it, it was now or never. \"Shuttle, start fusion engines immediately!\" A jolt of movement was felt as the engines started again. Peter looked as he could see Earth getting closer and closer... before going further, and further. He had done it, moving the asteroid away from impact. \"Shuttle, shut down engines.\" The shuttle immediately stopped, detaching itself from the asteroid. \"What happened?\" Alma asked, rebooting from earlier. \"Nothing much, apart from stopping an asteroid from hitting the planet.\" The lights went out again, along with the controls, however it took much longer for them to start heading back to Earth. \"What are the chances of going through two hurricanes\" Peter thought, seeing the incoming storm - this time he didn't prepare for a crash landing. However, this tunnel had something on the other end. Alma remained awake to see it this time. \"What is this?\" \"This is what we went through the first time through that hurricane, don't ask how that can happen your guess is as good as mine.\" The something at the end of the tunnel grew bigger, until it was big enough to know what it was: the exit. Suddenly, the tunnel closed, and a strong down draft pushed the shuttle down faster. A mountain range was alarmingly close when Peter raised the shuttle, however he wasn't quick enough, and grazed the face of the tallest mountain. The engines immediately shut down, a sign that they were damaged. They could now only glide down, the storm and rain made it hard to see clearly. Lowering the landing gear too late, they crash landed onto the rough terrain. A/N: So, any guesses as to where they are right now? Nah, you know where they are. Anyways, the next chapter will be uploaded on the 18th. Hope you enjoyed the chapter - and more importantly the story so far, there's much more to come. Let me know what you think so far, and as always... see you, in the next chapter. Bye for now! Next Chapter: Another World, Another Species[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Another World, Another Species \"Hold it right there Peter, how do you expect us to believe this?\" The interviewer cut him. \"I'll just ignore the fact that you just cut me off part way into the story. I'll prove that it's real once I'm actually finished.\" Peter said in annoyance. \"And besides, don't those ships have those eject sea-\" \"Let me continue, please.\" Peter had enough, and continued. The first thing Peter saw when he opened his eyes was the dark damp grass. One couldn't believe how much rain could be poured down in seconds, and the best description for it would be a near monsoon. Getting up, he found that they had landed on a slope - a river at the bottom. Suddenly he was lifted up by Alma, much to his surprise. Looking up he could see a storm that looked like nothing he'd seen before. And the mountains, the one he grazed a moment ago, they were also like no other, with three very obvious peaks. \"Alma, what are you-\" \"We have to get to the ship as soon as possible, no time for faffing around.\" Alma quickly said, the tone it used for the voice was of a demanding standard. He knew something was wrong, but what? Alma re-positioned Peter so that he could see what was behind, and was startled to see large wave rolling at a distance. It was far, but much faster than Alma at top speed. Fortunately for them the ship was not as far as expected, getting inside and locking the door just as the wave hit. A force powerful enough to shift it 6 feet, and enough to have Peter loose balance, though not without the help of Alma he didn't hit the floor. Looking out through the windows, there was nothing but darkness - no sunlight meant that it was impossible to see under the water. \"Anything in the water?\" Peter asked out of curiosity, still looking out of the window. \"Nothing within 500 feet apart from trees and rocks. What happened whilst I was powered down Peter?\" \"Negative, at least, anything interesting to say the least.\" Peter responded. The water started to fall, enough for them to get out of the craft. Looking back at the mountains, the storm was starting to fade. But it's shape still looked weird, it wasn't an ordinary lightning storm - and even if it was a super-cell, the eye in the middle was way too small to count as one. It was that it dawned on him: they went through that thing. Surely it wasn't them that created it, right? The storm had died down, leaving behind only wisps - embers of what once was. The now-blue-sky revealed what time of day it was: mid morning. But there were still a few... problems... \"Can you give us any sense of where exactly we are? You have GPS in your system, correct?\" Peter asked, knowing that location was key to going back to civilization. \"Of course I have that, what wouldn't I have?\" \"A leveled of ego would be a good start\" Peter mumbled to himself quietly. \"I heard that!\" However, he did not take into account the sensitivity of Alma's hearing. \"Bad news Peter. There's no reception... In fact there's no nothing.\" \"What do you mean by that?\" Peter asked worryingly. \"Well, I not only have GPS, but I'm also a part of the global hyper grid - a grid that connect every electronic device to allow nano-meter accuracy of location. However, there's nothing on the entire planet, or anything above. That's impossible though, the only explanation for it would be... there's no civilisation on Earth, no that can't be right, there has to be something near...\" From then on Peter ignored anything Alma would say for the next few minutes, as she kept looking for something to come through. But, never give up they say, people in the past didn't need such technology to find where they were. They used the- \"Alma, stop. Lets say for now that there is no one here. We can still find where we are. Tonight all we have to do is look up, the stars can show us the way!\" Alma's only response to this was a generated laugh \"You kidding me right? Peter the light pollution is so bad we would have to be in the middle of the ocean to see anything. 10 hours later... The sun had gone down, but it was not expected to see so many stars, or any at all. Nothing was interfering with the sky, and so it was so natural that the Milky Way could be seen. However, something was off, vastly off. The sky was perfect yet, so imperfect. There was something wrong, but none of the two could put their finger on it. Until Peter figured it out. \"I got it, we're in the southern hemisphere. The constellations, none of the northern ones are here. Alma what do you make of it?\" Peter asked, a sense of relief was filling. The southern hemisphere meant that there were few places they could be in. \"Peter, there's a few problems with that. For starters, there are no constellations in the sky that match, both north and south hemispheres. Secondly, look over there\" Alma pointed to the mountains, just above was a semi-dim orange star. \"That's Betelgeuse. But on the other side of the sky\" Alma then pointed in the opposite direction \"There's Rigel. Problem isn't the constellations, they're fine. The problem is that the solar system is in the wrong part of the galaxy, six million years from now it'll be in the right place but it's here.\" What Alma was trying to say was that the stars wouldn't be any help to find their location. But it was also a clue as to when they were. Peter sighed, they could be anywhere on Earth right now, and with the possibility that no city was near to help them was a major problem. Daylight soon came to light, the mountains were blocking the direct sun though, making it slightly difficult to see. Peter and Alma got out of the craft again to do... \"So this spacecraft needs to be fixed. Fixing the smaller engines will be easy, but the fusion engines are gonna have to wait a while. Alma where are you going?\" Peter asked, noticing that it was moving toward the mountains. Upon the question Alma stopped before turning. \"Peter, the mountains are high enough to get the best view, from there we can find a starting point on our location.\" \"I had a different option in mind, the stars have changed yes, but the geology of the Earth has barely moved 200km. Once we get this craft to fly we can scan the local area and match it is best to the present say geological map.\" Peter replied, before adding \"You can do your option now if you'd like, it's gonna take a while to get this thing working. Besides, it's time you get to enjoy the scenery, whatever it looks like.\" And with that, Alma went off to the mounta- \"So far nothing about dinosaurs or anything that described earlier.\" The interviewer cut off again. \"Will you be QUIET! If you had waited just a bit longer you might've been intrigued. Now stop doing that!\" Peter expelled angrily, slightly getting off of his seat, before sitting back down calmly with a very calm expression. Alma was strolling to the mountains, and they were indeed peculiar. This mini mountain rage comprised of three main peeks, all of them having snow about two thirds up. Two of the peeks were physically connected, and the third was separated by a long V-shaped valley. Up until now Alma was walking alongside the river, which was flowing to where Peter was. Out of nowhere a sound in front echoed, but it wasn't any sound the wind or birds or mountain could make. No, this sound stood out from the others - it was a much more organic sounding sound. However after a few seconds it stopped suddenly, whatever it was. Alma was now at a midpoint, go up the mountain or continue up the river? It couldn't choose in enough time, so something had to choose for it. And for Alma the choice stopped when she could make out something floating on the river. As it got closer, Alma could make more details. It started out as an anomaly on the river surface, but then it was a green... something... with a head, a body, legs, neck. However, it looked odd even when up close, that is until it got real close - as in basically next to Alma. It was... Immediately Alma thought of a way to stop this from going too far, it was unconscious for all Alma could tell. For now all Alma could do was hope that something could make it get to within reaching distance. It was then that a few rocks in the middle of the river changed the current slightly, allowing an opportunity to slow, and hopefully stop this thing. Grabbing it by the tail, Alma did it's best to divert the thing up to the edge, where the bank would actually stop it. Fortunately there was a shallow side of the river that allowed the water to move slower, and ultimately allow Alma to get it out of the water. Getting back to the spacecraft was no easy task, whatever it was, it weighed at least 10 tonnes - the maximum work load that Alma could lift and carry without needing assistance. A journey that took 5 minutes alone had now taken 20, just to reach Peter. And by the time Alma got there Peter was already done with the engines. \"So Alma how was the mountain view? Was it- Holy sh-\" \"Not now Peter, just found it floating on the river, whatever it is.\" Alma said, gently lowering it to the ground. It was only then both Alma and Peter could see what it actually was. \"Alma... this is a... a... I can't believe it's a dinosaur, sauropod group, looks to be in the Apatosaurus type, but it looks pretty different from what we imagined it to look like, it so... bright! I guess we can't be perfect at predicting the looks of something that's been dead for millions of years.\" Peter said to himself, though not quietly this time. Alma had a look at one of the legs, but it only revealed something else: A human, a child. \"But that's impossible, how can humans and dinosaurs be in the same place and time?\" Peter asked. \"You tell me, apparently nothing happened while I was out so, what happened?\" Alma said, a more stern voice this time. \"Fine, we went through, found an asteroid heading toward Earth, moved it out of the way before it hit, and went through another tunnel. Then you came back. What?\" Peter asked at the last moment. Alma looked worried for a moment, but then generated a furious look at Peter \"You blind Peter, you re-directed the asteroid that killed the dinosaurs!? Are you out of your mind!\" \"Look, first off I had no idea we went back 65 million years that time, secondly you weren't there to help me, so I had no other choice.\" Peter exclaimed. Alma was about to reply but, before she could the apatosaur in between them stirred slightly. Peter sighed, \"I've got the spacecraft to work, we can bring the two with us and bring them back once we've searched the area. Deal?\" \"Ugh, fine. Deal\" Alma said, before they both shook hands. A/N: Not much to say for the making of this chapter, but I hope you enjoyed the chapter - and more importantly the story so far, there's much more to come. Let me know what you think so far, and as always... see you, in the next chapter. Bye for now! Next Chapter: Communication Error[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Communication Error On the condition that they'd stay to the river, Peter and Alma went on to fly the spacecraft, keeping it low to the ground. The landscapes were intriguing, the hills turned to plains, and the plains turned back to hills. Every now and then Peter would look on the monitor to see the geological map they were creating, and it became more and more familiar. Eventually they landed, a small bank next to the river - surrounded by 60 feet cliffs. \"Wow, look at this. I've never seen anything so... natural.\" Alma expressed \"I swear you were giving something in your database that's natural.\" Peter responded, before Alma snapped back \"I meant personally, of course.\" The water flowed so smoothly, a few rapids both upstream and downstream, and the sun was low enough that the river was in shadow. Peter and Alma then took their time to get some more readings. Noting things down about the layers in the rocks and everything - for research. After about an hour or so they decided to head back to the mountains. Going back, they noticed more things than they did before, stopping here and there to get some more things noted down. When they got back, it was time to compare the data with the present world geology. \"Okay here Alma, all the stuff in digital form. Hopefully we should get a match fairly quickly...\" Peter said, waiting to see if it could find a match. Eventually it did, linking the place that they did with none other than: The Grand Teton Mountains, Wyoming. It was a clear match, with the only difference being the movement of Yellowstone from directly north to north-east. Everything else was fine, even the Snake River looked very similar. \"Finally, a decent location. Now that we have that we can get that apatosaur back to where it... belong?\" Peter opened the side door to find that where the dinosaur used to be was no longer there. Looking around the area, the also couldn't see it nearby. \"That must mean it's back at the place we first stopped, since we took so long there. We should go back.\" Alma suggested lightly. \"Agreed, we just made things worse for it.\" Getting back on the shuttle, the sun was going down and wasn't long before they'd have to go back. However they found no one at the location, or anywhere near. And things only got worse when the fuel went to critical, forcing them to land on uneven ground. Problem with this is that the ship would make multiple weird grinding noises when it touched down - like really loud noises, enough for anyone nearby to hear. \"Just great, can't get back for tonight, any ideas Alma?\" \"We do have solar panels, but for them to work properly it's going to take all of tomorrow to fill up. It's not going to be a fun day tomorrow.\" Alma responded. And with that, Peter slept the night while Alma went around the area - a low-dense forest, in search of food. Tomorrow came soon enough, but with no where interesting to go there was not a lot they could do. At one point both Peter and Alma could hear something, but unfortunately they weren't able to catch up to whatever it was. Night fell upon once more, and then day came up again. It was time for them to get back, but not before doing an experiment along the way. They stopped on top of a hill just south of the river, with a thunderstorm approaching near. Peter had the bright idea of using this weather to communicate back, figuring that the energy potential would be enough for it to do so. The storm draped over them like a blanket, lightning drew out as usual, with rain following. Alma deployed the communications device as Peter started the fusion engines. At the exact moment an eye similar to the one before developed, only this time a massive downdraft of wind followed. It became clear that this one wasn't as stable as the one on the mountains, mainly because of the landscape. However it was on long enough for them to be able to send a message, saying that they were all right. Problem was it look so long they weren't able to send another message out before the eye collapsed. \"Well then, that's something then. Looks like it's possible to get things going. However we should probably do this back at the mountains. If there's a storm there then we can be high enough to use it properly, perhaps long enough to get a full on message through about what we found. However Peter I must say that if it's this unstable then we can't open it enough for the shuttle to go through, unless we use most of the energy in one go - but that's too risky.\" Alma analyzed. Peter knew it was right, and it wasn't long before the storm completely disappeared. Another night went on, and then another day, and then another night, and then the final day. In that time Peter and Alma was setting up the main communications on top of the mountain, ready for anything to come over. They waited for three hours before anything could come over, and finally, a storm came along. When it came over Peter set the engines to 5% capacity, creating a storm similar to last time, albeit much more stable. \"Seems good so far, try pushing it to 20%\" Alma suggested, Peter did just that and the storm grew. But then all of a sudden the controls snapped and locked at 100%. This created a storm much more powerful than before. Peter went out of the shuttle, and up to the mountain. Since the engines couldn't be turned off the only option would be to disconnect from the main device, at the top of the mountain. Normally it would be easy to go up this, but the storm, wind and rain made things much worse than it should've been. Eventually he got to the top, and managed to disconnect. But not before something fell through, nearly hitting Peter. \"Alma, you seeing this?\" \"Seeing what?\" Alma said as it rolled down, as the rain poured it hit the side of the river and created a landslide into the river. Peter couldn't make out everything, but swore he saw something bright for a second as the wave streamed down the river valley. \"Never mind. Thought I saw something for a second, I'm coming back down.\" A/N: I know I'm late, and I know it's a short chapter, but a lot of things happened yesterday that made me unable to post. Don't worry though I have a lot planned for next chapter. Fun fact, the Clawtooth mountains were directly inspired by the Grand Teton mountains in Wyoming. When I found this out I had no idea that my previous story was going to be relatively true: there's an eclipse in August this year that's going over the Tetons, so that's something to enjoy if any of you live there! I found more stuff about the film too, but I won't reveal that for now. I hope you enjoyed the chapter - and more importantly the story so far, there's much more to come. Let me know what you think so far, and as always... see you, in the next chapter. Bye for now! Next Chapter: First Contact[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: First Contact Climbing back down from the mountain was actually harder than first thought, the artificial storm had made the terrain more challenging by making it slippery, what's more is that the snow was also a threat too as it could fall down as an avalanche at any point. This time around Peter had to be more and more careful as he got down, and never anticipated how long it would take for him to get back down. Going up the mountain had been easy for him, as there was an easy route to the top, but the storm had been so intense that it was not visible from the angle he was at. It took until mid afternoon, or about 2 and a half hours, to get down to the flat-ish terrain at the bottom. Taking a couple more minutes to get to the shuttle, he looked down at the river to see that all the debris that was had been substantially cleared out of the river, and back to it's natural look. The event had caused many trees near the river to disappear, and those that stayed had been severely bent in the direction of the river flow. The shuttle had also been moved back by a couple meters, despite being anchored down to the ground, groves in the ground marked where the anchors moved through the ground. \"Hello? Alma you here?\" Peter said opening the door, last time he heard from Alma it was outside, so he wasn't as sure that it made it inside before the storm wave came through. The lights were also off, presumably because of the same thing, so it made things hard to see beyond the ray of light that was cast from the entrance. One by one the cabin lights came on, eventually revealing Alma working around the main room of the shuttle. \"Ah, good to see you finally. I have somewhat decent news for you but before I give it, how was your trip down from the mountain?\" Alma asked, a smile being displayed from its face. \"Don't start with that now that I'm back. I guess you had a rough time down here while I was up there?\" \"Apart from the wave that hit, not exactly. You see this shuttle has a couple of cameras on the outside, and whilst checking them I noticed something peculiar. Have a look, you're not going to believe it!\" Alma said with a higher pitched voice, emulating an excited atmosphere as it pushed Peter toward one of the computers around the shuttle. Alma selected the recording it took and played it for Peter. It showed the same Apatosaur as before, walking along the left side of the river - however what was remarkable was that it was carrying the small human that was with it previously. \"Can you believe it? Not only were they together but... they were together! Man this is one heck of an alternate universe you made Peter. Imagine the headlines when we get back home. Oh I can't wa- Peter interrupted Alma by giving a stop sign kind of pose with his hand. \"Lets not get too over-hyped just yet, we still don't know anything about this place other than what's here and where here is. We're going to need more info about these animals before we do anything fancy and give a major headline. We can't just say 'oh yeah we made a universe where dinosaurs and humans coexist', if we do go back now it's just going to be a mess in the long-run.\" Alma turned from Peter and started making a whirring sound, a sign of calculating the odds and actually thinking, before turning back to Peter. \"Fine then, well then I have a plan in that case. Tonight I'll go beyond the mountains and see if anything un-natural is there. If there is I'll set up a camera and a large mirror and tomorrow we'll see what happens.\" \"A mirror?\" Peter merely replied in confusion, though it was justified, why would something like this ever need a mirror. \"You've seen those video's of animals behaving funny when they look at a mirror right? Well this is a normal self-conscious test, if an animal behaves like that then it thinks that it sees another of it's kind - just doing something similar to what they're doing. If they act like we do at a mirror then that animal is self-aware, signalling a high intelligence. After all, these dinosaurs have lived nearly sixty million years more than that did in our world, so who knows what might happen.\" Alma explained, and it was a nicely thought out idea, and night time was approaching. Tonight was going to be the best time to do it anyways, getting it over and done with would allow the two to leave on time with more info. The bright bulb of the sun slowly went behind the hills, shadows that cast from Peter, Alma and the shuttle pointed toward the mountains. Once again nothing glowed from the horizon, and no lights were shining on the ground apart from the moon and the lights coming from the shuttle. However the decision as to who would go was still debated. On one side, Peter wanted to go alone because Alma would look freakish and unnatural to the natives of this world. Alma on the other hand, insisted that it would be more reasonable, and if anything bad were to happen Alma would stand a better chance of withstanding any attack than Peter. Eventually, Alma was given the role to take the challenge, as it could stay up all night to monitor any activity should anything happen while setting up everything. As Peter rested for the night, Alma went out of the shuttle with one of the cameras, a half mile of thin cable, and some mirror panels. Fortunately for Alma it had to front beams of light that allowed it to see for up to 100 feet, and in case they turned off it could see with night vision or infrared. Maneuvering through the V-shaped valley was more difficult as knowing how close it was to the river edge proved slightly challenging. Suddenly the V-shaped valley stopped, opening out to a flat area so large it was impossible to know during the night where it stopped. The moon wasn't full enough to show everything, and a slight blanket of fog within the area made it hard to see more than 20 feet. As it kept moving along, Alma soon encountered a sparse forest - albeit it was still difficult to go through without making any noise. The green-leafed trees transitioned to yellowish-orange-leafed trees, before something stopped Alma from moving. Looking down it's lights revealed a wooden fence, and looking up revealed a small, triangle shaped homestead made out of stone with a wooden roof. Moving around the homestead, it found the remains of what used to be two fields of corn, along with a tall stone silo - of which were some unusual markings on the side. Eventually Alma found a suitable spot to place the mirror and camera: behind the homestead. Clouds covered the moon as the fog started to fade away. Alma was placing the final mirror panel as a crunching sound emerged from behind. The sudden noise prompted Alma to turn off the headlights and go into infrared mode - as if anything was near its body heat would show up. Looking around, there wasn't much out of the ordinary apart from in the homestead, but just to the left was a smaller body of heat, level with the thick grass. The body of heat was moving toward Alma, who couldn't understand why it was doing so. That was until it realised that not all the lights on it were off: some parts glowed in the dark as a safety precaution, but in this situation it wasn't the case. Alma set up the camera slowly, before hiding behind the mirror. There Alma waited for what ever it was to see its reflection, however it didn't do so. Instead it moved around the object straight towards Alma. \"Ugh, smart one.\" Alma whispered, not too loud for what ever was out there to hear, but nonetheless it continued its path. Eventually it stopped moving, though the sounds were being made right next to it. For a minute and a half all Alma could hear was breathing... slow, short breaths, as if it too was worried of what might happen. Alma had two options; either enable the headlights and get away while it had to adjust, or do absolutely nothing. It was at that moment something touched Alma briefly before moving back, as if it had no idea what it just touched. On the infrared, it was just a blob of red standing from the cold blueish black background. Switching over to night-vision revealed a lot more detail on this thing. It was the same Apatosaur Alma had seen twice before, and couldn't believe it would see this thing a third time. Something was strikingly odd however: It did not attempt to attack or go near, and through the night-vision it looked worried, though that was self explanatory. \"Hello?\" It said out of nowhere. Alma had not expected it to speak it plain English so fluently, and responded by shining its headlights on before moving out from the Apatosaur. Covering a good distance in short time, Alma had expected to leave without any thing else happening, but that thought soon vanished when a tail whipped Alma onto its side - A disadvantage as it had to get up. As Alma did so it turned down it's headlights as to not blind whatever was now in front of it. The clouds by now drifted away, leaving the moon to light up the area around. \"H-How do you know that language?\" Alma responded, the Apatosaur moved back suddenly, surprised to hear Alma speak in its language. After a second though, it looked confused, mainly because it got to know the shape of Alma thanks to the moon. \"This is... how I normally speak? You can understand me?\" The Apatosaur asked, Alma was still surprised, but eventually just went with it. \"Yes, yes I can.\" Alma remarked. \"So uh... why are you here? Never seen anything like you before.\" It said thoughtfully. \"Of course you wouldn't, I'm new around here. Sorry for entering your property, I just wanted to know who lived here. Quite surprised it's talking dinosaurs but-\" Alma was interrupted by the Apatosaur \"Talking dinosaur?\" \"Yes, that's what we call animals like you. Before you ask, yes I'm not alone, but my friend didn't come with me to here. My name is ALMAT, but you can call me Alma. What's your name?\" Alma asked, the Apatosaur didn't say much for a second before it responded. \"My name? It's Arlo.\" \"Interesting. How brave are you?\" Alma asked. \"Huh?\" \"Your name: Arlo, it means courageous and brave where I come from. Anyways, I'll be leaving now so by-\" \"Wait, before you go. Can you tell me at least what you are?\" Arlo asked. For this specific question, Alma didn't know whether to explain what it was or just say without explanation. \"I'm what's known from where I come from as an artificially intelligent robot: a living piece of metal that can thinking and act just like you can, while still technically not being alive. I know it sounds confusing, but trust me that I'm telling the truth. I did not expect this to happen when I entered this area, and I'm sure my friend will be happy to hear all about you. Shall we meet up sometime? Me and Peter with you and... your family is it?\" Alma asked. Arlo smiled, before replying with \"Yes you're right, I think that's a nice idea. For a moment before I saw you I had thought an intruder had come in to steal our food for winter, at least now I know you're not so much of a threat. We'll meet up tomorrow right?\" \"Maybe not tomorrow, maybe the day after. It's going to be hard for Peter to contemplate everything I'm going to say about you, and I'm sure your family won't believe you when you do the same. So give it a day to spread the idea before meeting up, okay?\" Arlo nodded, before walking back to the homestead, Alma walked back to the shuttle, happy to tell Peter when morning would soon arrive. A/N: Fun Fact #2: The name Arlo does in fact mean brave/courageous. I managed to find out the meaning behind the names of the Arlo family, so that's nice I guess. Sorry I didn't upload a chapter yesterday, I didn't want to make a silly April Fools chapter thing, but I will uplaod the next chapter tomorrow. I hope you enjoyed the chapter - and more importantly the story so far, there's much more to come. Let me know what you think so far, and as always... see you, in the next chapter. Bye for now! Next Chapter: Take Your Time to Explain the Impossible[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: Take Your Time to Explain the Impossible After a few hours the golden sun rose from the sky, though obviously blocked once more by the mountains from the shuttle. Peter woke up and got dressed, before walking around the outside. To his amazement he saw Alma using a holographic board, with it were weird drawings of some kind. He looked back towards the mountains thinking what was beyond them, and then turned back to Alma to start a conversation. \"So Alma, you set up the stuff last night?\" Alma stopped what it was doing, before walking over to Peter. \"Yes, most of it. Almost set up the camera when some stuff happened, but I can finish it tonight. No biggie really.\" \"Alma, what happened over there that would make you stop doing what we planned to do? You didn't encounter it again, did you?\" \"Not 'it' Peter, 'he' is what you should say. And 'he' has a name ya know?\" Alma responded, this only made things more confusing for Peter. \"You gave it a name? Huh, what did you name him then?\" He asked, thinking that was the only way Alma could say it had a name. \"His name is Arlo, and I did not name him that.\" Alma said, before turning back to continue with whatever it was doing prior. \"Wait, if you didn't... then who did?\" \"Simple: His mother did.\" Alma started working with the holographic board again, by now Peter had no idea what Alma was thing about, whether it made all of this up on the spot just to confuse him or if it was true, either option was too weird for Alma to do. \"And how do you know his name then?\" He finally asked after a minute of silence, this time Alma stopped completely. Alma closed the hologram, before going inside the shuttle. Out of curiosity Peter followed Alma inside. \"Okay, you know I'm very serious when it comes to explaining things right? Well I know by now you're resisting the urge to believe what I was saying. But please trust me when I say the next sentence, okay?\" Alma asked. \"Okay?\" It repeated, prompting Peter to nod his head a coupe times. \"All right then. He told me his name.\" Peter was about to speak when Alma closed his mouth with its hand. \"I know what you're thinking, I couldn't believe it when he spoke too. In fact I almost legged it back to the shuttle when he said 'hello'. But considering this is a world where dinosaurs never went extinct, and where humans and dinosaurs coexist, you really gotta ask yourself: If all this is possible then, what makes talking dinosaurs not possible?\" Alma let go of Peter, who sat on the nearest chair he could find. \"So this Apatosaur- Arlo, you met him last night and had a conversation. So what did you learn then?\" \"Well for starters I learned that dinosaurs can talk, and they've got a decent level of technology considering their lifestyle. They live in a homestead with a couple of farms and keep a storage of food in a silo for winter. They're also very protective of their land so you might want to be cautious when we go there tomorrow an-\" \"Wait, tomorrow? Why not today?\" \"Arlo has to convince his family today, me and Arlo will be meeting up tonight to discuss how things went and then tomorrow we'll meet up at their place. Is that okay?\" Alma asked with some concern in the voice. \"Yes that sounds great, maybe they could help with the shuttle, they're very strong correct?\" \"Considering that a whip of Arlo's tail sent me on my side as if I was a toy, I can confirm that Peter. That's both good and bad in terms of how the rest of them respond to me and you, which I'll also be discussing tonight.\" \"Sounds like someone is having fun without me I guess.\" \"Not fooling for that Peter, it's just me and Arlo tonight.\" Alma said, before they both went back to work. Night-time came about once more, this time the sky was much more clear, with the ever brighter moon allowing more to be seen naturally as Alma walked past the mountains. This time it knew where the fence line was and stepped right over it. There next to where the mirror and camera once stood Arlo now stood waiting for Alma, delighted to see it again. \"How did it go Arlo?\" Alma asked first, her newest companion went straight faced before responding \"Not so well, you can imagine after living this long, never hearing anything that describes you. You would expect one to not believe something like you exists, and you'd be right. No one believed me when I mentioned you. How did it go for you then?\" \"He's considering it at least. Me and Peter will go past this mountain at noon tomorrow; when the sun is at its highest.\" \"Mountain? You mean Clawtooth Mountain right?\" Arlo asked, \"That's what you call that then? I mean it does kind of resemble some claws, and at the same time teeth as well... okay I get it now. Could of picked a more original name for it though. Doesn't matter, I was going to say, since you were looking out to see if anyone was taking your food the other night, I'm concerned with how your family will respond with me and Peter. The last thing I'd want is for Peter to get hurt.\" \"W-what about you?\" Arlo said worriedly, also concerned with how tomorrow might go. Alma smiled before taking one of its arms off with it's other arm. Alma had received a shocked expression from the young Apatosaur, but it was nothing compared to when Alma placed the arm back in before it worked. \"Funny thing is Arlo, I'm designed to get hurt. I don't feel any pain, and even if you were to split me apart like this, I could eventually put myself back together again.\" \"But, how can you do that? No one I've ever met before has anything like that.\" \"That's because I'm unique to everyone. Peter hasn't even seen me do something like this yet. When I told you last night that I was a robot this is one of the things associated with robots. Peter on the other hand is no robot like me. He's organic just like you, but not... you know, actually looks like you. Now, back to tomorrow, Peter also wanted to know if you lot could help us out with something if we have a normal meetup.\" \"Uh, I'm not sure on that right now. Perhaps tomorrow when we actually meet. I'll try to reason with my family in a long time, but I don't think they'll listen to me. Buck and Libby will probably tease me if I continue.\" \"Buck and Libby? I'm guessing brother and sister. Nice names I guess, in fact I know a few places with their names where I come from. How long have you been living here then?\" Alma asked, hoping to continue the conversation, but then sharp sound, one of a twig snapping, echoed near. Alma could make out another Apatosaur, but who it was, was uncertain until they got close enough to see. \"Arlo, what are you doing up this- what in the world is that thing? \" A male-teen voice sounded from the other Apatosaur, obviously referring to Alma. \"Buck, I'd like you to meet the friend I was talking about: Alma. Alma, this is Buck, my brother.\" Arlo replied. Alma extended its arm toward Buck \"Hey Buck, nice to see you.\" Eventually Alma retracted the arm as Buck did not respond the way it wanted, or at all for that matter. Buck looked oddly at Alma as he couldn't figure out just what it was. \"I know I look weird, you've never seen anything like me in your life at least.\" Alma said, to which Buck went back into the homestead, mainly with confusion written all over him. \"Don't worry, I'm sure they'll get used to it tomorrow. Night Alma!\" Arlo followed Buck, to which Alma left the area back to the shuttle. A/N: I hope you enjoyed the chapter - and more importantly the story so far, there's much more to come. Let me know what you think so far, and as always... see you, in the next chapter. Bye for now! Next Chapter: First Impressions[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: First Impressions \"You ready Peter\" Alma shook Peter out of sleep, an obvious level of excitement synced with its voice. \"I know it's intelligent, but did they really have to have it simulate emotions, feels so creepy.\" Peter thought, before getting out of the bed. What was so funny for him was that there were 3 other beds, 1 on each of the walls next to him and the third being right above him; and it was for a good reason, with the shuttle designed for space there wouldn't have been any direction in the micro-gravity conditions prior to all this. But it was still funny that if there was anyone else on-board they were forced to sleep somewhere . Grabbing a drink out of the big and obvious drinks dispenser, along with a snack for the day, he had a quick 2 minute breakfast before thinking of going outside. As soon as the doors opened the fresh air was daunting, it was somewhat too fresh - too... natural, for his liking, and up until now he had not noticed just how green the grass actually was. It was the first time Peter actually analysed everything around him and the differences to the world he came from. But what was most notable was the large amount of snow on the capped mountain. No mountain on his world looked like that, not anymore at least. He was beginning to realise just how much humanity changed the world from what he was seeing now to what he was seeing a mere week ago. \"Nice isn't it Peter. A three peeked mountain range with a surprisingly good amount of snow. Kinda looks like claws, don't they?\" Alma understood what he was looking at, and decided to talk about it as calmly as possible. Peter breathed in, and out, taking in the fresh air once more before responding \"Nah, they look more like Teeth to me. Do uh... 'they' have a name for it Alma?\" He asked, wondering that if mankind named remarkable things then a similar intelligence would also name the same things. \"Yeah, for them they're called the Clawtooth Mountains. Original, right?\" Alma said, sarcastically laughing before adding \"Well then, c'mon Peter get your things. If we're gonna have the day with them we might as well bring some things.\" \"Like what exactly? For me, it should be just us and nothing else. We can show them the fancy stuff later but lets keep it slow and steady. Remember that they're not so used to... new things I guess.\" \"Unknown Peter, it's the unknown that gets them. Justified nonetheless; it's what drove humanity to what they are now. Won't be long before they do the same.\" It had been the first time Peter was more than 200 feet from the shuttle, and the true scale of the mountains was having a weird impact. A feeling of being small to the outside, a feeling of being... too little, was at hand when they went through the mountains. A glance at the river and Peter couldn't believe how clear it was, there were some rapids here and there but overall it was a very lazy river. Stopping suddenly Peter took a quarter of a liter of water before pulling an indicator out of his pocket, dipping it into the water it lit up with an average green, a clear sign it was freshwater with little to no other chemicals. \"You say they're farmers right?\" Peter asked curiously. \"Yes, they just harvested their two fields, I wouldn't imagine they use artificial fertilizer like we do so no chance of contamination of the water. In fact they're so efficient that they're just as efficient as modern day farming, if not better.\" They were about half way through the v-shaped valley that was cut by the river, and the homestead was coming into view. Peter had no idea just what it would look like and was surprised to see the specific design of the homestead. Its shape looked so flat but as he knew they lived in it, it was likely to be much bigger than him. As it got bigger and bigger, I mean closer and closer, the thought of turning back grew and grew. Eventually they were only 300 feet from the homestead, and a slightly audible voice sounded. Alma and Peter stopped, in case that any of the family took their movement as something for bad. From behind the homestead a large trunk of a tree had been flung up into the air, heading straight for them. Fortunately it came down nowhere near the two, who kept walking toward the house. \"What's up with them Alma?\" Peter asked, slightly worrying about how the next few minutes will handle them. \"I'm guessing some of them think we're critters trying to take their food. I mean I wouldn't blame them for that, but seriously a tree? A bit overkill if you ask m- watch out!\" Alma pushed Peter aside as this time a large boulder came crashing down, directly hitting Alma. Grazed but nothing more, Peter got up slowly, getting used to what happened in the previous three seconds. The dust began to clear, when from his left a large tail whipped him off his feet and back onto the ground. \"What the hell is wrong with you guys?\" Peter said furiously \"I came here with my friend hoping to make some new friends, and this is what I get in return? A rock to my friend and a tail to the legs? Forget first impressions this is pretty crap.\" Getting back up again, he brushed most of the dirt from his clothes and walked forward, only to stop as he saw the family Alma described. On the most left was a feminine-like Apatosaur, the largest of the bunch, it was most notable that this was the mother of the other three. Speaking of the three, the next one was much smaller, but still taller than the other two. Peter came to the conclusion that this was the son, and brother of the other two. The third one was slightly smaller than the brother, but not the smallest. The smallest was the brown-eyed male Apatosaur on the far right, however he was still very tall, about 20 feet in height. \"I take it, that you're the family Alma talked about. One of you is Arlo correct?\" Peter said aloud, slightly tired after what he had been through. It took a while, but the one on the far right stepped forward, an indication that he was Arlo. \"Nice to see you Arlo, sorry for the surprise I guess. I mean you can see us a mile off but somehow we managed to surprise you enough for this to happen. Oh, look what you've done here...\" Peter ran up to the boulder, pushing it slowly out of the way to see Alma in pieces. He knew the family was looking from behind, but he continued none the less to piece Alma back together in no more than 30 seconds flat. \"Right, now uh... nice to meet you I guess? I'm Peter and this is Alma, uh...\" After the drama that unfolded earlier, things had died down so fast that it became indefinitely awkward. It felt like it could go on for hours and even felt like it was, but it was only 30 seconds before Alma and Arlo stepped forward and said at the same time \"So tell me more about yourselves.\" Laughing slightly, Peter moved forward with Alma. \"We uh, came to this place by accident. We're going back to our home soon but, we never knew you guys were here and so thought that we could see how things are going, I guess. How about you guys? How have you guys been lately, see you have some nice crop fields behind your large homestead.\" \"If you think you're gonna take our food that easily, then get out.\" The mother said tensely. \"Wait, you thought?\" Peter soon broke down into laughter before pulling it back together \"Ah, no. I have food for my self, and Alma has uh, well it has food anywhere, anytime. But enough on that, we were only here looking for a source of uh... water, yes water. Unfortunately that rough storm over there by Clawtooth Mountain threw us out of track and well, here we are. We have no intentions to harm you guys or the place itself, just wanted to pop on down and say 'hello'. I guess even that is considered rude, I guess I'll see you off then.\" Peter turned but was soon whisked back by the mother. \"In that case we're sorry for ruining it. To make it up for you, you're welcome here for as long as you want, you can call me Ida. I'm sure Buck and Libby are going to ask something when they get used to it. And Arlo here, well, he couldn't stop talking about you two. Sorry for not believing you yesterday Arlo.\" Ida responded, with Arlo smiling back at his mother. Peter sighed happily \"Tomorrow me and Alma can move our shuttle near here, it'll make things easier having to not walk a mile back and fourth.\" \"Shuttle?\" The whole family asked in unison. \"It's just a thing we use to move faster than walking. Had to fix it after the storm, but for today I think it won't hurt to stay here for the day. A/N: My goodness I'm so sorry for not uploading a chapter yesterday. It's been getting really busy despite it being the Easter holidays. But to make things better I have planned for the next weekend to also have chapters. I hope you enjoyed this chapter - and more importantly the story so far, there's much more to come, though how many chapters specifically I'm not sure. Let me know what you think so far, and as always... see you, in the next chapter. Bye for now! Next Chapter: Questions on Origins Notable Facts: Arlo is confirmed to be 18 feet high. It's also confirmed that Henry is 46 feet high but he's not going to be much in this story so... yeah. I might pull out some things related to the Family in the next chapter but for now, that's all the facts I got for ya![Chapter 8] Chapter 8: Questions on Origins 12:01, just in the afternoon. Peter and Alma had talked to the family about the homestead and more on what they do in general, everything they said to them was very interesting to say the least. They went on to show Peter and Alma how they made new fields, how to plant seeds, and probably the most interesting one; how to water the crops. Everything they said Peter would note down as he couldn't take in how remarkable they were with something as basic as farming. They still had some crops left over from last time, and so they showed how they stored it too. It just seemed... too interesting, something wasn't right, but Peter couldn't understand what it was. \"All right then, uh... I'll get the shuttle over here and leave Peter with you guys. I'll be right back!\" Alma quickly ran off, leaving Peter in it's dust wake, before turning back to the family. \"So uh, you guys got any questions for us, well, me?\" He asked, since he asked so many to them it was only natural for them to do the same. However he did not expect them to start walking. Following them, they soon stopped, before lying down. \"The grass isn't wet Peter, you can sit down.\" \"But why sit down?\" \"You don't really have much to show us around this place. So we might as well stay here until Alma comes back. Arlo, Buck, Libby, you got any questions for this... uh...\" \"Human, but just 'man' will do fine.\" Peter finished, before adding \"I know some of you are begging me to ask something, like where I came from, what's the place like where I came from, you know? So who's brave enough to start?\" Arlo instantly grew excitement, for a fraction of a second, but long enough for Peter to notice. \"How about you Arlo?\" He could tell Arlo didn't want to hear that, as he grew slightly nervous \"It's okay, there's nothing to worry about.\" \"You might want to go easy on him Peter, he's been through a lot within the last week or two.\" \"Ah right. I guess to make it easier I'll just say a few things about myself that you don't understand, that might start something. In that case, my full name is Peter Brooks, I come from San Jose in California and I'm a geologist.\" And sure enough, they all gave him the look he was looking for - the look of confusion and curiosity. \"San Jose?\" Arlo finally asked, it was the thing Peter wanted to have, conversation where he was the one that knew more about something. But in this case it wasn't just a life out in a farm, no Peter had to find a way to explain everything mankind has done or do... somehow. It was going to be a very intriguing and frustrating conversation from now on. Preparing to start explaining, Peter sat down on the dry grass, feeling slightly small compared to the others. \"Allow me to explain. Imagine you just had more than the one homestead here, what if you had say a couple dozen, each with a family like yours, across this entire plain? Where I come from we call that a village, a small community with hundreds of people. Now imagine more people come, more houses are built, some make bigger houses with more than one floor. We call that a town, thousands of people living in one small area as a community. And then, imagine even more people come in, taller houses are made, some are made for entertainment purposes, some are made for work purposes. That's a city, tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of people living in an area the size of these plains, from Clawtooth mountain to those hills over there. We give each city a unique name so we know which one we're in, and the one I live in is called 'San Jose'.\" Peter took some breaths after all that, realizing that he had been talking for the last two or so minutes. \"That's uh, quite the explanation you had there Peter. You also mentioned California?\" Buck broke the silence, Peter talked so much just about a city, now he has to talk about countries and states? It was going to be a tough time explaining all this when he noticed the family turning their heads to Clawtooth Mountain. Confused, he soon heard a rumbling sound, and looked over to where they were looking. Amazingly enough, the shuttle had just passed over the mountains and was set to land fairly close to the homestead. Upon landing the side and cockpit doors opened up, with Alma walking out. \"So uh, what did I miss?\" Alma asked, unaware of what had happened while it was away. \"What in tarnation is that!?\" Ida asked expressively. Everyone walked over to the shuttle, for they had never seen something as large as this move or even fly. \"Oh that, that's the shuttle Alma mentioned when it went off to get it. Kinda big compared to you guys.\" Peter replied. \"Wait, with this, you guys can go... anywhere? \" Libby asked, at first it was a confusing question, but it soon became obvious as to what she was thinking. \"I mean yeah, this thing can take you anywhere around the world, in a very short time nonetheless. However it still needs a proper fix, as we said earlier it crashed during a storm a couple days ago. It can go a short distance but we can't take it as any measurable speed. With enough work we can get it fixed in about two days.\" \"You made this?\" Arlo asked, Peter glanced behind himself to look at the shuttle, before looking back at Arlo. \"No, I myself didn't design this, a group of specialized people, along with Alma, came up with the design of the Shuttle. It was designed to take me and Alma to Mars to accompany the others on the planet, but things went wrong and... we're here.\" Peter sighed before anyone else could reply. \"Mars?\" He heard Ida say curiously. \"Mars is a planet, another world, smaller than this one we're on. It's very far away from here, too far for you guys to comprehend. Actually, hang on...\" Peter climbed up into the cockpit of the shuttle, before climbing back down with a relatively small device. Alma looked at Peter with concern, knowing what it was, but Peter gave Alma a reassuring look. He placed the device on the ground, triggering it to display a holographic screen for his size. Using just his fingers, he resized it to a fitting size for the family to see. They all took a step back when he'd done so, but after a moment they walked around it, he knew that this was something they weren't used to seeing normally. \"It's a hologram, with it is all the information you need. Just ask it anything and it'll give all the information to you, need to know what a word means? Then ask it the definition of that word and it'll give you it. Ask for what anything looks like and it'll give you an image, it's definitely better than me at explaining things, that's for sure. It's all yours now!\" Peter explained. Arlo was the first one to ask, just as a test. \"What is Mars?\" The Hologram lighted up, before quickly showing a picture of Mars \"Mars is the 4th planet from the Sun and the 2nd smallest planet in the Solar System after Mercury. Named after the Roman god of war, it is often referred to as the 'red planet' as its surface contains iron oxide, a mineral that gives the planet it's rust-like color. Mars is a terrestrial, rocky planet with a thin atmosphere, along with surface features resembling craters on the Moon and valleys, deserts, and ice caps of Earth.\" \"Uuuh, thanks I guess.\" Arlo said. \"Sorry if it gives more than you want, it doesn't know that you guys have little knowledge of things outside of what you already know. I'll give you guys an easy one to understand.\" Peter stepped in, before adding \"Show me an 2-D map of the world.\" The hologram responded by displaying what he'd asked for. \"Okay, now give me a 3-D Globe of the world.\" The hologram quickly changed the image into a 3-D Globe, Peter grabbed the globe, before enlarging it. \"Okay, this is what the world looks like. Amazing isn't it?\" Peter asked, looking at the family who were all in awe. \"And I have one more thing to show you.\" Peter spun the globe so that the night side was facing them, and on that side were small white dots that scattered across where the land would be. \"Those are the lights of the cities we made. Right then, I think I'll get back to work on the Shuttle and you guys mess with that thing, if you aren't doing anything else that is.\" A/N: There's not much to say about this chapter, apart from how long it took me to get everything sorted out, this chapter specifically was one of the reasons of why I was so late, as the topics within the chapter were so hard to stay relevant to the plot. I hope you enjoyed this chapter - and more importantly the story so far, there's much more to come, though how many chapters specifically I'm not sure. Let me know what you think so far, and as always... see you, in the next chapter. Bye for now! Next Chapter: Invitation Notable Facts: None[Chapter 9] Chapter 9: Invitation As Peter worked on the Shuttle, he would every now and then look at the family as they kept asking it questions, with it responding to everything. Alma would always keep listening in on whatever topic they were on, as anything could lead them to anything that Peter or Alma didn't want them to know about. There was one topic Peter didn't want them knowing; the topic of Dinosaurs. It was a very ironic topic for him to choose, but they both agreed that they needn't know about it until later on. Alma chose several topics that it thought wouldn't be of any safe use for them, and with good reason. As the day went on the topic kept changing, Peter was almost done with the shuttle which was surprising even to him. The only thing he had to do was something that required Alma as well. They both worked together to put the last thing in it's place, but both had forgotten about the hologram. They went to the family to see what they were talking about, and sure enough it was about the Earth in the past. Had Alma and Peter stayed longer at the Shuttle and who knows which topic they could've gotten into. For the first time Peter realised just what was really happening, he had encountered a species at human intelligence and yet he and Alma had just tried to block off almost any knowledge of humanities bad traits. The thought of something like that was unheard of where he had came from, in fact no one would even consider something like this could happen. But it was the next question that Buck spoke to him that really started to boggle his mind. \"Hey uh Peter, we were wondering if you could take us to where you come from.\" He said innocently. Peter was mind-blown from the mere fact of a species that went extinct in his world long ago and yet in this world was already in the stone age. If he took them to his world, who knows what would happen, if the world would turn to absolute chaos from a domino-effect starting from this or if the world would think it was a mere hoax. Whatever would happen if he brought them there, the hopes that nothing bad would happen would be slim at most. Before Peter could do anything, Alma quickly dragged him to the behind of the Shuttle. \"Are you considering it!? You know what might happen if we take them there. It's too risky!\" \"Shh, keep your voice down Alma. As far as we know they have little knowledge of the complications of our world. I'm completely aware, and I honestly agree, but what happens when we go back. This shuttle has cameras on the side that can hear, if they took that, along with the knowledge you gained, who knows what might happen. What if one day we figure out just how to get back here, it could mean more than just us coming to this world, it could even mean... The loss of the integrity of this world. And both you and me can agree that the one thing worse then a chaotic world, is two chaotic worlds .\" Peter said quietly, by the time he had finished the family were just walking around to them. \"I'm sorry to all of you, but we can't take you there. Not yet, we uh... still have more to fix with the Shuttle. But there's a chance that once it's completed we can take you there. It'll have to be a limited time though, no one even knows anything about you guys. Our world is so complicated that just the sight of you guys might cause something bad, we don't want that to happen.\" Peter explained. As the sun started to set, Alma went into the shuttle to turn the lights on. The mere act of doing so caught the attention of Arlo. Peter was outside watching the glow of the sun beaming from behind the mountains, which were casting long shadows onto the plains. Sitting down on the grass he took a piece of paper and started drawing the outline of the mountains, along with the minor details. After ten minutes he was interrupted when something from behind lifted him up. He soon found himself 18 feet in the air sitting on the heard of Arlo. \"Wotcha doing Peter?\" He asked thoughtfully. Peter had to adjust to the new view, accidentally sliding down Arlo's neck, before they both laughed. \"I'm just drawing the mountains, they're so nice. Ya know what, would you like it if I took a photo of you guys?\" Peter questioned. A few minutes later Peter was gathering everyone to the front of the homestead, some of the chickens from the coop managed to escape and started climbing on the roof. He took the photo just as one of the chickens jumped into view, not blocking the main aspect of the photo but was visible on the bottom left. However something about the photo was wrong, it didn't look right. There was something about the photo that was missing in it but whatever it was Peter couldn't tell. It wasn't the lighting, that was good as it was, everything about it was fine apart from the fact that something was missing! \"What's wrong Peter?\" He heard from in front, \"Nothing, the photo's great!\" Showing them the photo, they shared the same expression, but more deeply. Deciding it was best not to ask, he went back to drawing the mountains. The sun fell even further and soon the only thing giving light was that from the Shuttle, which didn't last long either. Peter was the only one still outside, this time lying on the grass while looking up to the stars. It had become so dark that more stars could be seen than ever before. No moon was to be seen which made it better, and for an extra surprise, a stream of shooting stars went by. Looking up, Peter did what he did naturally and tried seeing any patterns in the sky. For the first time in history he was the only one in the world who knew what constellations were, and that he could make up his own right now as the sky was not that like the one he came from. It was very hard though as the number of stars made it impossible to get anywhere. A thumping movement on the ground was felt in short, steady bursts. Someone large had walked close-by to create that movement, and sure enough it was Ida. \"There's something I need to show you Ida. The sky you see right now is not the sky I see where I come from, it is much different from this one. Allow me to show.\" Peter set up a circular 3-D printer, which instantly made a dome big enough for the two of them to fit under, in fact it was big enough for the shuttle to fit under. The walls of the dome where made from nano-pixels, meaning that the dome could display anything Peter wished. On command, the dome lit up with the sky Peter knew more. There wasn't as many though, as the footage used for this had some light pollution in the way. \"This is the sky I see, or at least would see if it wasn't for the light we have. Here's what it looks like being in a city.\" The walls changed from the middle of nowhere to the middle of a large city. Skyscrapers lit up the sky while moving vehicles raced around the roads. \"It's... It's-\" \"Ugly I know.\" Peter said as the dome started dismantling itself. \"It's the world we made, and the world had to pay for it. The world you have is so pure and peaceful, the world I have is impure and noisy. It's a hard life knowing that humanity made a world from what you have to what I have. And it's an even harder life knowing that humanity will stop at nothing to do this to other worlds. Our goal on Earth right now is to colonize Mars and explore outward, finding what ever we can. And yet my world is on the brink of collapse thanks to us. I find it lucky that we have come so far. But I find you guys even luckier than you haven't had the chance to see us until now.\" \"Tell me Ida, what is the most destructive animal you've seen roam the world you live in? Cause in my world, we are the most destructive species. Our world is nothing short of dying thanks to us, and we're trying to find ways to improve. However those improvements are coming slow, and it's only a matter of time before we become desperate. There's also the fear of ignorance, as we humans make mistakes, but one of those mistakes could destroy the world quite literally. Alma didn't want you to see how complicated of a species we are and how bad we really are. But I just wanted to tell you this so that when you say you want to come to our world, you are definitely sure about it.\" Peter sat down once more, trying to relieve his thoughts for a while. Ida sat next to him and looked up as the sky, before Arlo came along. \"So Alma told me a couple days ago that it has a meaning behind all of our names. Is that true?\" He asked, Peter thought for a moment before responding to him. \"Yes, as you know Arlo your name means 'brave' and 'courageous'. Ida, where I come from there is a state called 'Idaho', kinda sounds like your name actually. These mountains here resemble the 'Grand Teton Mountains' in Wyoming, which happens to be next to Idaho. South of the main Teton mountains is a mountain known as 'Buck Mountain'. There's also a town in Montana, north of Wyoming, called Libby. That's all I really have for you. I went to the Tetons not too long ago, took a hike all the way up and all the way down, stopped at a river that's part of Henry's fork.\" Peter finished talking, grabbing a quick snack and eating it, not realizing that Ida and Arlo had left shortly after he finished speaking. When he found that he was alone, he went to the Shuttle to get some rest. A/N: This chapter is the one that reveals some of the things I had found about the names of the Arlo family, I had saved this information up until now to find the right moment. The talk about how uncontrollable humans are was thought about while watching a video about the times we came close to destruction. I think it's time for the story to take a turn, and this is where I myself am not too sure where this'll take the story. I hope you enjoyed this chapter - and more importantly the story so far, there's much more to come, though how many chapters specifically I'm not sure. Let me know what you think so far, and as always... see you, in the next chapter. Bye for now! Next Chapter: Preparing For a Ride Notable Facts: All the things Peter said about Buck Mountain, the Libby town in Montana, and the Henry's fork behind the Grand Teton Mountains, are real locations in real life. This leads me to believe that the Pixar team put some deep thought into renaming some of the characters (Ivy, Forrest, Cliff and Clay are all earthy-themed names that were going to be used for the characters, the last two never made it into the film). I might talk more about the meaning behind the names of all the characters after I've done this story.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10: Preparing For a Ride Throughout most of the next day Peter and Alma did nothing but fix the shuttle using only the blueprints stored inside. There were a few complications they had to overcome in the morning, such as how to find 340 tonnes of hydrogen and an ignition spark. However it was soon realised that these could be overcome in simple ways. The hydrogen could be collected from the running river, and lightning had enough energy for an ignition spark. Alma had a look at some of the prototypes to see if there were any other problems, and found a couple - most notably being the fact that once the shuttle starts running, the amount of lightning in the area at any given minute would be increased 10-fold. Unfortunately there was no possible way they could solve that problem, and just hope that the lightning didn't cause too much damage to the area of launch. The shuttle was almost completed, but there was still one short problem: could the family actually fit into the cargo bay? There was only one way to find out, Peter and Alma called over the family and asked them to go inside. One by one they went in, starting with Arlo and ending with Ida. Eventually they all went in, not the most comfortable of spaces but they managed to fit nonetheless. It was a success for Peter, that the craft could fit them, but then another problem came to show. \"What do you mean 'could it lift them up'? Of course it can lift them up Peter.\" Alma interrupted. Peter sighed before announcing to the family that the shuttle was fit for launching. Now all they needed was a plan for what to do if they get to Earth. That was going to be the most challenging part of this new mission, as comparing both worlds it's easy to see which was more complicated. What would happen if they were spotted? Would it be safe to show them to the public? If not where could they hide? So many questions arrived from this plan that it was difficult to keep track. Alma had thought of something but surprisingly Peter found a flaw in the idea, each time they found something new the other would say something that would get them back to square one. By what seemed like 5pm, Alma and Peter had given up. But then Peter and Alma thought of one last thing that could work, both of them were satisfied and immediately told the family what it was going to be. The idea was that when they arrived they would keep the family in the shuttle for most of the time, whenever they would go outside it would be in the middle of nowhere or in a building that no one went into. The second part of the idea was to have the family stay at a place for no longer than a day, and by the end of the day they would show them to the public before leaving. In the case that anyone thought they were real, Peter and Alma would prove that they were not real and only life-like animatronics, at that point the family could speak normally to prove their point. The idea was more flawless than their other ideas, but they still knew it was not perfect. Anything could still go wrong, and Peter was already looking up Murphy's Law (the idea that if anything could go wrong, it will go wrong). It was decided that the day after tomorrow would be the best time to leave their world and go back to Peter's world. The next day Peter, Alma and asked the family if they had any concerns regarding this temporary trip, and most of them did not have any at all. Obviously Ida had concerns over the safety of the others, to which Peter and Alma promised that nothing bad would come to them. It was a hard time going, so for now Peter and Alma decided to take the family on a trip around the world they were in now. They went across many places that the family had not been to before. The shuttle went higher, revealing more land and sea that was unknown to the family before. Eventually they went so high they could see the curvature of the planet, the awe-inspired family looked down as Peter and Alma flew around the planet, it was a sight like no other. \"Any chance you could get us there?\" Peter asked Alma, pointing to the moon. Naturally, Alma increased the speed of the spacecraft, such that it would take about a minute to travel to the moon. When they got there, Alma turned the shuttle around so that the family could see Earth at this distance. It looked so small, and realizing that everything they knew was on it was... well, almost impossible to describe. Landing back down near the homestead. Peter and Alma asked them one simple question. \"Now, do you want to go to our world?\" In which they all responded with one single word... \"Yes.\" A/N: Gee, did not know this chapter would take this long to do. I've tried my best to get this chapter as long as it could be, since it's coming to the main point now. Next two chapters should hopefully be longer. I hope you enjoyed this chapter - and more importantly the story so far, there's much more to come, though how many chapters specifically I'm not sure. Let me know what you think so far, and as always... see you, in the next chapter. Bye for now! Next Chapter: Humanity's World Notable Facts: N/A[Chapter 11] Chapter 11: Humanity's World Now was the time everyone hoped for, and also the time that everyone dreaded. It was the time when two worlds would connect once more, a time when one world was about to see the might of the other. No one was really prepared, even when they said otherwise, as their destination had seemingly become alien. In the early hours, before the sun rose up, everyone was inside the shuttle waiting for a storm to arrive. Fortunately for them the predicted storm arrived, and lightning struck the shuttle multiple times. The engines roared into action while they were tilting the shuttle upwards - upon being vertical the eye of the storm gazed down from above. Peter geared the fusion engines to their maximum, forcing the shuttle to lift off, with an acceleration high enough to feel uneasy. Everyone looked outside the windows, seeing the world for one last time before the clouds blocked it. All they could see now was a tunnel of clouds, still accelerating, through the tunnel at unimaginable speeds. The force of this acceleration soon cleared off as the shuttle came to a constant speed, about 9 miles per second. The clouds soon changed, to almost like a mirror tunnel with warping sides. Around them they could see their own shuttle, and in front they could see an exit. The shuttle slowed down as they made their way through the exit, revealing an enormous plain of grass. Landing, Alma regained a signal with all the technological world; a sign that they had landed in the right place. Stepping outside, Peter instantly became familiar of the smell and the quality of the air. However that wasn't the same for the family, being all new to it. It wasn't harmful for them, but it was certainly annoying. Using an integrated GPS Alma quickly found their location: Henry's Fork, Wyoming. Around them were a few number of trees and solitary bushes, a mere 300 feet from them was a steep creek going into a meandering river. Off in the distance was a range of mountains, with three peeks pointing above all of them, albeit not like the ones in the other world. \"Here we are. The world I came from.\" Peter announced to the rest. \"We're in a pretty quiet part of the world right now so not many can find us here.\" \"Where's your home then?\" Buck asked. Peter huffed before responding. \"About five hundred miles that way.\" Pointing to the west. \"Any-who, there's so many places we could go as of now. We could go... hmm... Not sure actually. Alma, you got any locations we could go?\" He asked, nothing came from Alma for more than a couple of seconds. \"Any place that's at night time I suppose. As of now that's around Australia, so perhaps Sydney. Pretty busy but hopefully we can roam around at night.\" Alma responded. Sydney was a very risky place to start off with, for starters the security of the mega-city was at it's highest due to some terrorist attacks a few years back, and anything suspicious would be called upon immediately. It might as well be fortunate for them that Alma had some control over the grid to stop that, in certain locations of course. The Opera House was the first place to land near, as it had been closed for some time. Quickly, they went inside - only to go back out again after nearly drawing attention from a crowd. \"What was that?\" Libby asked, all of them were curious as to why Peter let them almost get caught. \"Hang on a second, it seems that we're about half a month out of sync in terms of relative time. In other words we should of been here a month after I left but instead it's been a month and a half. In that time they've managed to re-open this landmark.\" Peter said, thinking of a way to get inside. Alma patted him twice on his left shoulder, turning around to see a large poster: 'LATEST ATTRACTION, SEE THE DINOSAURS COME TO LIFE! - SYDNEY OPERA HOUSE AT 1 AM' It was the perfect plan, just what they'd wanted. Moving stealthy (how you define stealthy is up to you) around to the back of the famous site, they went into the backstage to see the animatronics that would be on the show in about 10 or so minutes. They were the same height as Peters friends, but their look wasn't as accurate as their size. It would seem like a good idea to give the audience something to be really amazed at. Peter had a look at the script that was left out on the side and soon realised that it wasn't what he initially thought it was going to be about. Instead it was a talk about the future of advanced robotics, and it was originally going to be hosted by someone who's name was familiar to him. When the time came, the person did not come to the backstage, nor was anyone heard through the curtains. So without further notice Peter told Arlo and the others to wait until he says so. The audience watched as the curtains withdrew slightly. Peter was the only one to emerge for now as thousands waited to see what he had in store, not realizing what was actually happening. \"Hello everyone, it's a real pleasure to see you all here. Now, we all know one thing about technology - that it's getting ever more and more advanced. Just over the past few months a team of experts had made a near General Artificial Intelligent machine known as ALMAT, or Alma for those who wan't a more comfortable name. In fact I've been given access to this design to show you all what had been made just almost half a year ago.\" Alma knew that it was its queue to walk out, and so it did. First it was on all fours, before standing up and changing its front legs to arms. \"I'm Alma, a revolutionary design in terms of mobility and cognitive value. I hope you all have an excellent day.\" It said fluently. \"With a complex AI neural network it can mimic a human's voice almost perfectly, it is also connected to the cloud and had been used to predict weather by as much as a month with 80% accuracy - which hasn't been achieved by any program before.\" Peter said, before continuing. \"However, we wanted to push further. Now I'm sure you're here because you've seen Jurassic Park or any other dinosaur film/documentary. We were inspired by the design of the long-neck dinosaurs, specifically the Apatosaurus, to create a machine that looks like the real thing. There's one thing that's different, they can only speak in English.\" The crowd were given time to laugh. \"No seriously, the things were so realistic that we had to have them speak English to get people to realise that they were not real. May I present to you the first of the four Apat-class machines: Arlo.\" Arlo came from behind the curtains, and was met with an awe Peter had never heard of before. Peter called out the other names and they too came out, the crowd all around were so shocked to see something like this that flashes from phones spontaneously erupted from all sides. Peter knew this was going to be a new sensation quickly, and even more so when they spoke. In fact the security of the Opera House offered to get Peter and the others out of there - oblivious to Peters plan. Eventually they had made it back to the shuttle and left. \"So how was that for first impressions guys? The entire world now knows you exist.\" Peter called out from the cabin. \"Wait, the entire world ? How?\" Peter could hear Ida ask. \"Social media. There's a thing called the internet that allows everyone on Earth to talk to each other no matter where they are in seconds, post messages about what's happened lately and more. By the time we arrive at a new location we'll have to be more careful.\" Peter explained. The next place to go was none other than the Great Wall of China, or at least fly over it. \"This wall was made over two thousand years ago and covers six thousand miles. In other words, it's a very long and old wall. People love it because of how long it was and how people back then managed to make such a thing. Right then Alma where to go next?\" \"Night time should be starting to cover parts of Europe now. But since we just blew everyone's minds, maybe skip Europe? I don't know about you guys but we can't pull something like that off again. It's going to be a long journey, but I think New York should finally get to see something good happen. How about you guys, New York sound good to you?\" \"We don't even know what a New York is.\" Arlo said, pointing the obvious. \"I take that as a yes, Peter we're good to land in New York.\" A/N: So why did this chapter take over two weeks to make? Honestly it's the exams, they've just come around and progress on chapters have slowed down as a result, however that does not stop me from trying. Sorry that the chapter contains a bit of science, I couldn't really help it in the end. I hope you enjoyed this chapter - and more importantly the story so far, there's much more to come, though how many chapters specifically I'm not sure. Let me know what you think so far, and as always... see you, in the next chapter. Bye for now! Next Chapter: Catch-Up Time Notable Facts: N/A[Chapter 12] Chapter 12: Catch-Up Time The shuttle was still in the air, nothing but the muffled sound of engines and the slight rattling of loose equipment were the sounds inside. They had now begun to fly over the Atlantic with the sun rising slowly. Things were calm for once and for a while it seemed that way, the phone beside Peter alarmed, buzzing so much that it dropped onto the floor as if the desk was made of silk. \"Alma, would you mind taking the controls?\" Peter asked tiredly. Alma didn't move an inch while speaking, \"Mate, I've been on the controls ever since we took off. I disabled the manual controls and watched amusingly as you thought you were piloting. Anyways sure I'll take control.\" Peter scowled slightly at Alma as he picked up the phone before folding it open, seeing that it was Sarah that was calling him. Swiftly moving away from Alma, he began to speak \"Hey Sarah, how's it go-\" \"Peter where the hell have you been for the last six weeks!? Me and the team at NEASA were convinced you were dead, and now you show up in Sydney of all places with some robotic dinos? What have you been up to?\" Peter knew she was frantic about it, they had not seen him for 6 weeks, and if he were to guess there had surely been a rescue party for his last known location. He calmed down and tried to calm her down too. \"It's complicated okay. If I were to tell you, well... lets just say you wouldn't the best at believing me.\" \"I'm not the best at believing you're still alive, yet here you are on the phone. Start talking now, where were you?\" Alma had been listening in on the conversation even if Peter tried his best to hide the sound. He glanced over to Alma, and it nodded to him. Turning back to the phone he replied, \"Okay, you want the truth, and as a friend I'll give you the truth...\" the next thing he said was said as fast as he could \"The shuttle we were on shut down momentarily and we were heading toward the ground but somehow ended up going through a cloud tunnel that took us to an asteroid that was heading toward the Earth but I stopped it in time before going back through the tunnel but we ended up in a world where dinosaurs can both talk and didn't die out- we managed to find a family of them who were happy to give us their hospitality and wanted to come with us back home for a while.\" \"What's going on Peter?\" Ida asked, the family had heard Peter talking about them and were intrigued. \"Who's that?\" Sarah asked, Peter sighed heavily before enabling the speaker. \"Sarah, meet the family. Arlo, Buck, Libby, Ida - meet Sarah.\" Peter then enabled the webcam so that either side could see each other. \"Look, believe it or not they're the real deal, we're going to New York right now to find a place to keep them hidden from the public, especially after what happened at Sydney. You think you have a better spot?\" \"Actually I do, there's an abandoned farm just on the outskirts of San Jose, it's only a few hundred feet from the new towers.\" \"Hold up, what now?\" \"Oh, forgot to mention. While you were away our manager got fired from the 'incident' that happened with you. Our friend Andrew has replaced the role so there's that. He planned and built like a hundred of these three-hundred feet towers at a twenty-five mile radius from the NEASA Center. We're not quite sure what they're for but we think it has to do with the recent blackouts that have been happening every evening. We've talked to him and he says it's for an energy source that's better then Fusion, which I find hard to believe. We kind of need you at the board to ask him personally, since you and him are very close friends.\" \"Sounds great I guess. Uh guys could we speak in private now?\" Peter asked, disabling the speaker and the webcam. The family happily went out of the room into the main cargo bay area as the door shut. \"Okay, wee need to keep their coverage as hidden as possible. We don't know what could happen if the public knew these were real dinosaurs.\" He heard a sigh from the other end \"I can already think of what might happen, this is about both an entire un-extinct species and a machine that can go through time and into parallel universes. If any or even both of those things got out there would be as much panic and disorder as the Solar Eclipse Earthquake of 2017! Look, just keep them hidden from now on, and we'll both be fine. I still find it intriguing how you stopped the asteroid that killed the dinosaurs, but I guess that's what you get huh. Okay I'll see you soon, bye!\" Peter closed the phone before looking at Alma. For some unknown reason it's eyes were blinking with an exclamation mark symbol. \"What now? Fuel gone?\" Peter asked, to which it's eyes changed to arrows pointing to his right. Turning right he soon realised that the door never actually closed, and the family had heard just about everything he said. They walked up to him slowly in confusion, as if they had a thousand questions to ask again. \"What did she mean by 'asteroid that killed the dinosaurs'?\" Ida asked, Peter physically and mentally gulped as they waited for his response. After a minute of silence he spoke, \"There's something I should have said quite some time ago. You see, the reason why you guys exist at all, is because of me.\" They all got startled, not too obvious but enough to be seen. He continued, \"There's a difference between our worlds. Sixty-five million years ago an asteroid hit the planet and killed all the non-avian dinosaurs, the only animals like dinosaurs today are birds. However in your world this never happened, I stopped that from happening without realizing. You guys wouldn't be alive if that asteroid hit.\" There was a long moment of pause, \"Well it seems you guys have caught up on everything, so let's get to the main topic of the day. We've landed at San Jose, or at least the very outskirts.\" Alma interrupted, the shuttle shook quite violently as it landed on uneven ground, eventually calming down to a whirring shake - the engines still on. Walking out of the shuttle they looked upon the abandoned farm, it certainly was big at least. Moving casually toward the half-rusted door, it made a screeching sound that was unbearable to hear. \"Okay, that's one thing to fix soon.\" Peter said to himself, only for the sound of a car door closing to come from behind. \"Yeah it really does. My goodness they're bigger than I expected, it's going to be very difficult keeping you guys hidden.\" Sarah said eerily. The inside of the homestead was nothing short of tiled floor littered with grass. \"Maybe we could remove the tiles?\" Libby asked, Sarah was undoubtedly surprised by the comment, though through Peter it was understandable. \"They're from a stone-age-esque time. Cold flat floors isn't really their thing.\" He explained. Room after room the list of things to do to the place were mounting, and it wouldn't be long before Peter got called in to work once more. He had an idea of how to save time renovating the area whilst also keeping a low profile, all he needed was a little bit of teamwork from everyone. A/N: My goodness I'm so sorry I haven't uploaded in a while. The exams this year took all of my time away, and it's taken until now for them to cease. I'll be making more chapters from now on and hopefully finishing this story soon. I hope you enjoyed this chapter - and more importantly the story so far, there's much more to come, though how many chapters specifically I'm not sure. Let me know what you think so far, and as always... see you, in the next chapter. Bye for now! Next Chapter: Undercover Mission Notable Facts: Solar Eclipse Earthquake... did I actually write that?[Chapter 13] Chapter 13: Undercover Mission \"Right then, how about you guys work together. Arlo, Buck, I need you two to remove the tiles. Libby, Ida, I want you to remove the weeds littering this place. In the meantime I'll be off to work to... catch up with things.\" As Peter went to leave, Sarah blocked his way from the exit. \"And what am I supposed to do?\", \"Hmm, perhaps you and Alma can do some research on the shuttle. Heck, there's so many buttons that I haven't pressed yet. See you in the afternoon.\" Outside of the homestead, the car in front opened its door as Peter got close. The journey to work was abnormally normal, nothing extreme was happening anymore and everything still looked the same, excluding the giant towers in the distance. When the car stopped he was greeted by the same building as before, with some people asking him questions along the way to the front door, and the inside looked like a carbon copy. Everything was normal. But something felt off. Going up the elevator he could still see those towers off in the distance, something wasn't right about them. On the fifth floor the bright carpet showed him the way to his new boss, Andrew. \"Hello there Peter, haven't seen you in such a long time! How are you my friend?\" Andrew said cheerfully, giving him a strong handshake. \"Ye I'm good, now that I'm back on Earth.\" He said, making up a lie as he went on. \"So tell me, what happened up there? I'm sure you can trust me. It seemed like you crashed somewhere, but we weren't able to find you. We thought you were a gonna, but here you are!\" Both of them laughed amusingly, Peter's being slightly sarcastic.\"Well, funny thing is, it was worse than you'd expect. So we went up there successfully, and then all of a sudden this airlock fails and ruptures. Nearly lost all the oxygen in there, and some pieces of loose material went out. However we figures a way to get things back on track- if anyone asks just say it was duck-tape . And we got to Mars actually, however it was then we realised we lost our communications and decided to head back to Earth, landed safely of course.\" He lied again, knowing that it might be 'leaked' in no less then a day. \"Wow, sounds like you had an adventure. Anyways back to business. Since you've had a rough time, you can run the Seismic Accessible Prediction Intelligent Algorithmic Network. We just had it installed a week ago and it would be nice for you to meet it, unless you have any questions to ask me before-so.\" Andrew briefed, it was now the perfect excuse to ask him. \"Yes I have a question, just one. What are those for?\" Said Peter, pointing out the window to one of the giant towers. \"Funny thing you should ask, they're used for a secret project of mine, you wanna see?\" Sarah looked out of the cabin window, watching the family do their work, before turning to Alma. \"So how are they?\" Alma quickly stopped what it was doing previously and responded \"They're actually a really nice, calm group. Just don't get on their bad side, had that rock coming a mile off.\", \"Rock, what rock?\", \"Lets just say they saw Peter as a threat to their crop supply and wanted to... 'take care of him', managed to push him out before it got him which was nice. At least we're happy together. What are you doing?\" Alma asked, seeing what Sarah was up to. \"Don't worry, I'm sure these buttons are okay to press, right?\" She said, hitting only one button. It was just unfortunate that it was a button that had not been pressed before. Since it was only pressed, what happened next only lasted a second. In front of the shuttle a circular thing emerged before them, however when it closed something was new. When it dissipated someone was in front of them, it was not like the others, as it had wings and a large beak, but it was a species that Sarah knew. The family heard what happened and looked at what was now looking at them. \"Sarah, when this thing is handled with I'm going to slap you for your idiocy.\" Alma retorted. \"Hey how was I supposed to know that button was a multi-dimensional-portal-opener? Answer: there was no way to know.\" Sarah quickly responded as they got out of the shuttle. All of them watched as the winged dinosaur flew off, straight toward San Jose. \"If you guys have any way of catching it, do it now please.\" Sarah asked, surprisingly it was Arlo that sprung into action, throwing a small log straight towards the flying creature. Direct hit, and it plummeted down like a dead fly. As Alma went over to what ever it was, the family all looked at Arlo, who soon knew what they were thinking. \"Um... me and Thunderclap have met before.\", \"Thunderclap, that's his name?\" Alma pondered as it got to him, as soon as it said that, Thunderclap sprung up and was ready to attack Alma, however it was no match for Alma's maneuverability. It wasn't before long that Alma managed to get Thunderclap flying straight toward the shuttle, which Sarah was inside to press the button once more. Next thing they knew, he was no longer there, taken back to the world Arlo came from. Peter stared in awe, looking at the largest object in the basement. The object in question would be too complex to describe simply, but it looked... alive in some sorts. Parts were moving and others not, parts were blinking and others were making all sorts of sounds of different intensities. It was the strangest contraption Peter had ever seen, but the thing that he had questioned most was the clear, glass-like sphere on the top with a light in the middle dimming and brightening. What ever the purpose of this was, it was one that nothing else in history had been given before. \"This, is my project. Like it? Designed the whole thing myself. Just don't say anything about this to anyone else okay. Peter? What are you looking at?\" \"Sorry, just checking the news. Looks like one of my things escaped. Luckily Sarah and Alma should be taking care of it.\" He lied, though it seemed something wasn't going to go as easy as hoped. \"I completely forgot to ask, what are those things you showed in Sydney? They look so life-like yet they're not, it's incredible. Where'd you get them from?\" \"Well uhh, we landed just offshore from Japan, and these were the things they gave us as a 'welcome back home present', pretty nice of them actually. Don't see what everyone's freaked out about.\" \"Blast, for a moment you had me that they were actual Dinosaurs.\" Andrew said as they walked back to the elevator. \"You know, I have a thing for dinosaurs.\" \"You do?\" \"Yes, though I think their fame is a bit overrated, I guess they're not too bad. Anyways, time for work.\" Sarah sighed as she scrubbed the dirt off of the metal walls. Off in the distance they could all hear a car parking itself up. When it stopped, the door smoothly lifted up, revealing the one and only Peter. The new homestead looked much cleaner from the last time he saw it, so much seemed to have changed but it was still made of the same things. No screeching came from the now-clean-door as he entered, with all the tiles gone, and lots of dead grass to make the floor extra soft. It looked and felt less artificial and more like a home for them. \"Ah Peter, you're back eh? Sarah really screwed up pressing one of the main control buttons. However it did get me wondering and I decided to have a little scan of the inside, those 'fusion engines' are really complex.\" Alma said, displaying an image of the engine design, something was familiar about it though. Unfortunately he didn't get a proper look at it as Sarah pushed Alma aside. \"Look, I'm really sorry for what happened back then, it was an accident okay?\" \"Trust me Sarah, I know. Sometimes you have to make stupid mistakes to become the wiser, but not if you do them deliberately.\" Peter reassured. The sun had long since set, and as there were no street lamps the surrounding area was pitch black. All they could do was turn off the shuttle and get some rest for tomorrow. Which all but Peter did. During the middle of the night, something had awoken him, for a brief moment it had felt like there was a flash of light from somewhere, but when he looked there was nothing there to do so. But then he saw a flash somewhere else. He tried to find whoever was causing it, to tell them to stop, but he was too tired to see clearly. Searching everywhere, no one was to be found, if someone had entered and left it wouldn't of been heard thanks to the changes to the door. It was almost like someone had come in to take photos, and leave. A/N: Finally getting the time I need, and next week I'll be showing something new to this site (I'm really excited). Next chapter will be uploaded on Monday. I hope you enjoyed this chapter - and more importantly the story so far, there's much more to come, though how many chapters specifically I'm not sure. Let me know what you think so far, and as always... see you, in the next chapter. Bye for now! Next Chapter: A Looming Situation Notable Facts: Bit more on the \"Solar Eclipse Earthquake\", in this universe a massive earthquake hit along the entire Cascadia Subduction Zone (from Vancouver to North California) on the 21st of August 2017, near the exact time the solar eclipse happened. The quake destroyed a lot of buildings and was one of the worst natural disasters in American history. Please note that if such a thing occurs outside of this story then it's pure coincidence, it's just a thing I made up and is next to no chance from happening in real life.[Chapter 14] Chapter 14: A Looming Situation Daylight broke through the only windows in the homestead, a warm but unnerving glow from the sun. Usually there would be clouds to block the sun, however it was unusually clear for this sort of time of year. Ice cold air was also unusual, but wasn't as rare as the storm looming in the distance. Apparently a category 4 hurricane was in set of motion to head for San Jose on the evening, and shelter would be very much so needed. However it was the fact that the air was ice cold, and not warm like a pre-hurricane climate should be that had everyone worrying. Fortunately the homestead had a built-in shelter, and if that wasn't enough they could easily fly out of the path in the shuttle. Alma went into the shuttle, powering it up for the homestead to gain electricity, as it had been removed from the grid as to not waste energy and to avoid being found. However it seemed like that had failed due to what happened in the night. \"I'm starting to think we should get working on finding out whatever this thing is.\" Sarah said, pointing to one of the main towers. \"I agree, and we should hurry too, before anyone else finds us.\" Everyone had slightly jumped when they had heard what Peter said, \"Some intruder broke in last night, didn't take anything but this means our cover is blown. Fortunately Sarah I have something you might want, do you know the basement of the main NEASA center? Well Andrew gave me access to what's there. You might want to see this.\" Peter explained, he had taken various photos of both the main object and some blueprints when he had gone, and so presented them to everyone else. Alma quickly signalled him to stop on one of the blueprints. \"It's a match, with this design here.\" Alma said, showing a blueprint of the engines that were on the shuttle, and indeed they were a perfect match. However the blueprint that Peter had had much more detail, including some annotations. It turned out that the 'fusion engines' were in fact a hybrid of both fusion and antimatter, which was weird, since there was no known way of obtaining antimatter to the level that this thing had done. This was something new, and something that even Alma could not process efficiently. How it worked was also weird; energy created in the fusion stage would go directly to the antimatter stage, where single atoms of matter and anti matter would be created and annihilated. At first it seemed like this stage wasn't needed, but it turns out that there was a secret stage inside the antimatter stage. The single atoms of antimatter and matter were entangled with random atoms across the universe, and this entanglement can be modified. This would of explained why the weird stuff could only happen when the engines were running, and not just when the shuttle was on. There was only one thing to worry though, the engine size for the shuttle was a mere cubic feet, the object in the basement was over 50 times that size, and math wise it would be 125,000 times more powerful. Whatever this was going to be used for, it was going to be big. \"Man this is a lot to take in.\" Sarah sighed. \"Sarah, why don't you go home for the night and rest. Alma can handle things here, can't you?\" Peter responded. \"What about you sir, where are you going?\" Buck asked. \"Just call me Peter, I'm going back to NEASA to do some more research on this, I'll be back within 2 hours tops, okay?\" Everyone hesitantly agreed. Taking Peter's car, he and Sarah drove to her house, before Peter went to work once more for the day. Fortunately, the third floor held a room that only Peter, and no one else, could access and enter. He sat down and looked at everything Alma provided him previously. Ding! An email from Sarah popped up, telling him of a daily blackout that was underway. For a moment it didn't seem true, the lights and stuff were still on inside. Instinctively Peter walked casually toward the nearest window - one that displays the main town. But there was no town, just the silhouette, and then the lights behind the down faded. Hurriedly walking back to his desk, he opened up the holographic display to search for a map of electrical supply. In Sarah's email she talked of a blackout across town, but this blackout was over half the state, and growing. Zooming in, only one building wasn't off: the one he was in. Okay, something was really off. Alma had decided to teach the family how to play card games, though quickly realizing why dinosaurs never invented card games in the first place. Perhaps playing chess with a large board would be more their type? Or maybe a humongous version of twister would be fun to see? The decision was quickly interrupted when the door slowly opened. Not a sound came from the door, but the ambient light from the shuttle had cast a silhouette. \"Ah Peter you're back. How was work?\" Alma asked, who was adjusting it's cameras to see clearly into the dark. \"I mean, it went well.\" At first it seemed like the reply Peter would say, but the voice... there was something off with the voice. \"You okay? You sound pretty weird.\" Alma asked again. \"Yeah, just a bit of a cold. How are you? Where's those uh... you know?\" Alma had fully adjusted to the dark, only for the light to be turned on and momentarily blind it. The family just stared at what happened next, before Arlo finally spoke. \"You're not Peter.\" At NEASA, Peter was almost pulling his hair out trying to figure out the missing link. Just what was Andrew up to do. \"Wait a second, if the engines are responsible for me being able to connect to their world, and the thing in the basement has a bigger design of the engines. My god... Andrew's going to connect the two worlds together, I have to tell them!\" As quickly as he could, Peter rushed down to the elevator and ran out the building. He would have to break the speed limit to get there in time. While the car was driving, he got a notification, again from Sarah. It was an article... made a week from now. It was about a reactor under NEASA that blew up by accident, he would turn back now, but he was too close to the homestead to do so. Stopping just in front, he ran toward the door and burst through it. Nothing but darkness ensured, and the light switch wouldn't turn on. His mobile phone was the only source of light, and so used it to look around. All of a sudden he pointed towards Alma, or what remained. It was completely wrecked. But then he turned to the family, who were all... asleep? \"Arlo? Ida, wake up... wake up.\" \"They won't wake up for half an hour, and by the time they do, they'll already be gone.\" A voice from behind said, Peter swiftly turned around to see who it was, but was met with a hard object smashing him, knocking him out instantly. A/N: Can't say what's going to happen next, but we're near the conclusion of Peter's story. I hope you enjoyed this chapter - and more importantly the story so far, there's much more to come, though how many chapters specifically I'm not sure. Let me know what you think so far, and as always... see you, in the next chapter. Bye for now! Next Chapter: Humanity's Saving Grace Notable Facts: N/A[Chapter 15] Chapter 15: Humanity's Saving Grace Blackness, that's all could be seen or felt. At some point in time, the blackness grayed out, revealing the reality of things. Everything was blurred, but there was at least some color. Over the course of about 30 seconds the objects in front got sharper and more defined. There was... a floor, very smooth, and tiled too, some tiles black and some white, like a checkerboard. Some metal above the floor too, there was a bar on the floor with some cylindrical ones pointing upwards. The background also came into focus, it was definitely a big room he was in. \"I see you're finally awake.\" A familiar voice, from behind out of all things. \"You know, you've missed quite a bit, lemme show you all the things that have changed.\", the pain of getting up was only just bearable, however Peter's head had hit solid metal just before he could stand fully. Placing his hands onto his head like a mask, he was only now just starting to come to terms of the situation he was in, caged in a room with him. \"Andrew? Oh thank goodness you're here, quick help me get out of here.\" Peter frantically spoke, trying to get at the lock. \"It's no use, the key is nowhere to be found. And even if it is here, I still wouldn't be able to help you out.\" Andrew replied coldly. \"Well why not?\" Peter questioned, \"I'll say, but first allow me to show you my machine, finally finished.\" Andrew said gesturing toward the machine. \"Like it? Haven't even started it up yet and it's whirring. It's just that, when it starts up you might not like it, and may want to shut it down, you see it's no ordinary machine. There's a lot of energy needed to start up this thing, a few fusion reactors from around the country.\" Confused, Peter asked \"So what's there of it for me wanting to stop it?\", \"I'm glad you asked. The process the machine has to go through to be fully operational, requires some well, unstable material. A lot of energy is needed to make a small amount, though with the amount we're about to get raises some questions. I mean, point two pounds is quite a large amount.\" There was something about what he said that was familiar, the machine was using energy from fusion to make antimatter, but 0.2 pounds of antimatter had never been achieved before. The energy alone from such an amount would be the equivalent of a 4.3 Megaton bomb, if anything were to set of that potential it could kill hundreds of thousands. Andrew knew the thought Peter was thinking, and smiled. \"Now you see why I had to keep you there, but the antimatter isn't the only reason you're in there. You see, the antimatter is only the catalyst, in setting up the real thin-\" \"I know what it's going to do, you're using the energy to create something similar, yet bigger to what the shuttle does.\" There was a long pause, \"The shuttle, funny you should say about that. You are right, in that the machine is used to create a bridge between worlds, but I guess you didn't figure out that the shuttle was my doing- an experiment, if you'd say. Yes I know that you were the unfortunate one to use the shuttle, but I needed your disappearance to gain access to everything of this place. I did however not expect you to go back in time and find dinosaurs however- yes I know about them. But the main reason behind all this... was to save humanity.\" The last sentence, it stood out from all the rest, prompting Peter to question Andrew. \"Okay, how on Earth is this supposed to save humanity, by the looks of it it could easily kill a lot of people.\", \"Now now Peter, you haven't heard my reasoning. You know all of those sayings about sustainability- 'We would need two, three, ten Earths to support everyone at a sustainable level'? Well, why not take it literally? I'm serious, with this machine, we could have two Earths, set up more, maybe four Earths, and so on. We could have as many alternate Earths as possible, and there would be nothing to stop us.\" \"But there is, all the indigenous that are on those planets.\" \"Well, then we can adjust. Maybe change it to an Earth with no animals, who knows. But for now I'll set it to the universe you were on, okay? Now, any other questions while I really start it up?\", \"I mean, about my friends. You've seen them right? Well I think it's about time I introduced you to them, they're very friendly.\" \"Peter, you're so stupid. The last time you saw them, they were unconscious, remember?\", \"I mean, yeah, bu- wait how the hell do you know that?\" \"Well, I mean it may take you a bit to catch on, but lets just say that I need you to stay calm when you do.\" Upon thinking about it, the moment soon dawned on him as to what Andrew had done. \"You did that to them?\" \"I had no choice, they would rescue you and then you would destroy this machine, so I had to... complicate things. Now can you hear that? It's ready, now lets have some fun and enjoy the future of human kind!\" The lever next to Andrew pulled, and with that, the roaring of the machine came to life. Andrew immediately gave Peter some ear muffs as to not make him go deaf while the machine was running. A blue light brightened from where there was glass on the machine, to the point where it could be seen outside the building. The ground had also started shaking, not an earthquake around the city, just the building was vibrating. Outside, more and more people noticed the blue light, and it got more noticeable when the lights around the building stopped. The machine had taken so much energy from the fusion reactors around the country, that there wasn't enough to power everything else. For Sarah however, things were different, as her home was off the grid, and per say other homes and businesses had also been off the grid at the time, it was actually quite peaceful. Only one thing would let her know that something was going on; the news channel. There was nothing interesting to begin with, some usual world news stuff, however more and more channels started switching over to San Jose, until Sarah was forced to watch whatever it was on the news. -Breaking news- \"It appears that the NEASA building has been gaining a... a lot of attention within the last couple of minutes, as the place had been giving off some huge amount of light. Theories are up for debate as to what's happening inside but there is currently one thing we do know, whatever it is, it's consuming all the power in the US, with the entire grid down apart from this very building. Wait hang on, there seems to be a rather loud noise coming form within... for now we'll get to the weather.\" \"Well as you can see here, the category five hurricane has only been getting stronger and closer to San Jose, the eye of the hurricane has started to make landfall, however the path it's taking has been slowing down. Predictions are starting to point to the eye stopping right above the NEASA center, though we are fairly certain this won't be the case. Tomorro- \"We're gonna have to cut you off there. There has just been.. an explosion at the top of the building, we uh, can't really describe what it is. It appears that a, beam of light is pointing straight upwards, into the sky here. And here comes the eye wall that you just mentioned. It la(^$£ wait hang on i^&t; appea$%^ that we're lo*(^ing sign&%(*&%\"&_(\"^\"^!\" \"Uuh, we'll get back to you when we regain signal.\" By this time, Sarah had already left the house in search for the homestead, when she finally got there the door had been locked. Eventually she had no choice but to use the car to burst the door open, if she had hit it faster it would have slammed upon the family who were still unconscious. Fortunately that didn't happen and only just missed them. There was this... beeping, coming from their direction. \"So uh, about you friends, there's something I need to tell you.\" \"Okay, what of them?\" \"Listen, dinosaurs are so overrated, you know this, I know this. There's much more extinct animals that are to be treasured, and I think it's about time that should happen.\" \"Look, you said yourself that you had a thing for- \"Did I ever say that I had a good thing for them?\" Moving right up to them, the beeping was louder, but still muffled. It was as if... it was coming from inside of them, as if there was an object that they were covering. With all her might she moved her way in toward the center, only to find a rectangular object in the middle. A series of 3 numbers and a colon reading 01:38... wait now it was 01:37... wait no now it was- it was counting down, but to what exactly. Moving around to the other side, she did the same thing and saw the back. There was some, things on the back, red and cylindrical. \"My god, it's a bomb.\" A/N: Can't say what's going to happen next, but we're very close, about one chapter left for Peter's story, but not for the actual story. I hope you enjoyed this chapter - and more importantly the story so far, there's more to come, though how many exactly I'm not sure. Let me know what you think so far, and as always I'll see you, in the next chapter. Bye for now! Next Chapter: Flawed Designs Notable Facts: N/A[Chapter 16] Chapter 16: Flawed Designs Ding! A ver unexpected sound popped from her pocket, her old phone. Opening it she recieved a message from Peter. 'Sarah I need you to come to the NEASA center, there's a lot of touble happening here and I need your help.' At first sight she was ready to hope out and into the car, but something was off. First off, why would Peter message her on this device, she only had the phone for old friends, and was going to get rid of it soon. Secondly, he didn't say anything about the family. She turned to see the bomb, it was only then did she realise the bomb had it's time reset, an extra 3 minutes added. There was only one thing she could do at this point. \"And sent, now that covers that. Sarah will come right up to the parking lot, and then I will set the bomb off. Either your friends or your... girlfriend? Just a friend? Whatever, either one of them won't see the light of tomorrow. Even if your friends live, lets say that there are probably some people out there who would love to see them, or a bit more... maybe for a price.\" Andrew smiled, not any smile seen before, an uncanny smile. \"You're insane, thinking that could can just get away with th-\" \"To think you can do the same. Here, recovered footage from the shuttle when it first entered the new world, take a look at it when all this drama ends. Any-who, I've noticed you haven't even asked me the simplest of questions, why isn't the gravity of the two planets interacting? I counted for that. As long as the bridge remains stable it will stay that way, if it ever went unstable... we wouldn't have a nice day now would we?\" \"So you're risking both worlds just for the sake of humanity? There's trillions of species on both worlds, some much more different than what we've seen here.\" \"And I suppose talking dinosaurs is one of them? You can't fool me that easily, you clearly modified them to speak. Dinosaurs don't just magically talk out of thin air. They're just a bunch of dumb animals just like the animals on this world. Now... it looks like Sarah has just parked, if you'll excuse me.\" A part of logic had gone out from Peter, as he tried running toward Andrew in an effort to stop him, instead he was close to hitting the bars face on, the impact pushing him back slightly. Due to high winds the walls around were starting to break, revealing the outside. The coarse sound of a button was heard, but no explosion. Instead a faint glow from the other direction. An explosion from the direction of where the family were. At first, the expected expressions of Andrew's victory and Peter's defeat could be seen. However, the beam coming from a tower in the same direction had faded. The explosion was at the base of the tower, not where the family were! Meanwhile, Sarah had ducked under a small desk, as the shock wave blasted through all the windows, loud enough to actually make one of the other bodies stir. A sigh of relief came from Sarah, as she was happy that they were in fact just unconscious, not dead. Peter watched in awe, while Andrew looked in horror, as the tower fell, this however meant only one thing - the bridge between the worlds had now become unstable. The ground beneath everyone in San Jose started to shake, as the gravity of both worlds now influenced each other. Hurriedly, Andrew went over to the main controls and adjusted the two adjacent towers, so that their beams were closer, and re-stabilized the bridge. There was only one problem, more energy was needed for this, and said towers were put under more stress, they were beginning to break from inside. Andrew moved a secondary lever, presumably in case of emergency, so that more energy than required came into the system. As Arlo and the family were adjusting with their surroundings, Sarah had gotten work on fixing Alma. As it turned out, there wasn't much needed to do before Alma could fix itself. Repeatedly Alma said \"Testing\" Adjusting its voice as to match with what it was previously, when it got to the right one, it said \"Sarah, we need to get to Peter now!\", \"I already know what situation Peter is in, at least from this fake message. Had the bright idea of sending my car to NEASA while also sending Peter's car over to the tower; the bomb inside the car. Anyways, yes we need to get over there as fast as possible.\" Sarah said tiredly, rushed by what was happening outside. There were bangs and rumbles in almost all directions, as the two towers next to the already broken one were on the verge of exploding. It wasn't long before said towers started collapsing, exploding in the process. Sarah and the others had got into the shuttle just as one of the towers collapsed nearby. As more energy was needed to fill the gap of 3 towers, it was very easy for a chain reaction to start. Sarah and Alma frustratingly couldn't get the shuttle to start up, while the family looked outside to see all the action taking place. The last tower blew up, marking the end of Andrew's plan. \"Agh! If I can't fulfill my final design, then this will have to do, a small bridge is better than no bridge.\" Andrew angrily said, mostly to himself, as he adjusted the controls as such that the central core was the emitter of this bridge, said bridge being only the size of a house. Peter looked at the core, and could recall the article he read earlier. \"There's just one problem with that Andrew!\" Surprised, Andrew turned slowly... \"Excuse me?\" \" I read an article today, not just any article though.\" Peter managed to find a flaw in the cage, using his bare hands, he slowly made the crack larger, until it burst in half. Climbing out, he grabbed hold of the nearest hammer. \"An article made just one week ago, 'Accidental explosion at NEASA cause still in mystery'. An explosion, I didn't make anything of it. Until now.\" Sarah and Alma managed to start the shuttle up, in time as well. Peter turned counter-clockwise until he was staring right at the core, the hammer held in both hands. Swinging it over his back, he aimed to over-throw it straight into the core. \"Peter, I forbid you to throw that hammer, the explosion alone is enough to kill anyone near by.\" \"You're right.\" Peter said, before looking outside to see the lights of the shuttle come closer. \"Too bad I know someone who can also operate a space shuttle.\" With all his might, he threw the hammer over his head, and straight for the core. It felt like slow motion, seeing it race toward its fate, with nothing to stop it. However, just as it hit, the room Peter was in changed. It was much smaller, and was in motion. There were nearby seats in front, and a door behind. He could only just stand up fully, as the ceiling was so low. He knew exactly that they somehow got inside the shuttle, which had now turned away from the NEASA center. A loud rumble sounded, as the explosion of the machine was heard. Looking out of the window he could see the enormous explosion that was unfolding before his eyes. When the explosion dissipated, he turned back round to see Andrew, who looked shaken by how close they had come to certain death. \"Be thankful Sarah here learned how to get us out of there. Actually no, be thankful she decided to get you out of there too.\" Peter had raised his voice. Still shaken, Andrew got up, a bit of a wobble as he regained his balance. \"You think you can turn me in? You have no evidence.\" \"But we can still charge you, violating the 'Use of exotic matter' act that was put in place at 2025. You also risked the biodiversity of two entire planets, not acres, not states, not countries, planets. And one last thing you also violated; The 1973 Endangered species act. You threatened to kill off an entire species.\" Andrew scoffed, \"If that many dinosaurs can live in the area shown by the bridge earlier, then I'm sure there are fare more of their kind, definitely not an endangered species.\" \"Ah but you see, the act does not consider multiple planets, that would come under the Planetary protection act. Since these dinosaurs are the only ones to live here, then there are only four members of their kind 'left' on Earth. The Apatosaur has lived before on Earth, so for any other scientist it would seem like a rare number has been brought back to life, and thus would still be classified as highly endangered. So when you admitted to wanting to kill them, you admitted to kill an entire species, on Earth of course.\" Peter said proudly, as he did, the family over heard and walked over. Peter turned around to see them, \"Speaking of which, you and them need to have a chat.\" \"Aw not this bull- \"Shut it, I'll have none of that on this shuttle. One last thing before you go in there, reminder that I stopped the asteroid that would of killed them, and allowed them to continue for about 60 million years. If they haven't evolved in shape or size that much, what else do you think they have obtained. Think about that when they speak.\" Peter shoved Andrew into the cargo bay, before shutting the door. \"Peter, you're evil.\" Alma said, however this time it wasn't serious. \"I know I am, at least he can re-think about things while he's there. I'll get him out in about... two minutes?\" Sarah laughed, almost excited \"Still can't believe that we found them in the first place. How about we go some-where else with this thing, or better yet, some-when else with this machine.\" \"That would be nice.\" Peter said, and that was the end of it. \"There you have it. That's what happened. I hope you have what you needed.\" Peter said coldly. He got up, and prepared to go. \"Now hold on there Peter just one moment, I have a few... questions for you to answer, that I've been gathering from what the audience here have wondered. You can stand or sit if you want.\" Peter was about to get his coat, stopping just as the interviewer spoke. He slowly, awkwardly sat back down. \"Yes?\" \"First off, is that... everything you know?\" \"I mean, there was a week that I skipped of me and them doing stuff, but since that wasn't needed in this, I skipped it.\" \"Okay, anything else that happened. What happened after?\" \"Well you should know already, we got Andrew locked up, and I took Sarah back to her house. That's it okay?\" By now Peter was starting to loose his temper. \"Oh, one more question.\" \"What is it?\" \"Why is it that no one here has seen you in over a month? And furthermore, what happened to the shuttle?\" The interviewer and Peter had now stared at this point, with Peter looking as if he could explode at any moment. But he did not, instead he calmed down. \"It's gone. The shuttle, is gone. I can never see them again. Not Arlo, not Ida, not Buck, not Libby... Not even Alma. I had done a terrible thing, and it was all my fault.\" He pulled his face such that he was looking down. It took a while before anyone in the room spoke. \"Would you like to tell us?\" With a long sigh, that felt like 10 seconds. Peter raised his head back up. Almost no emotion came from his voice, but there was some emotion of nervousness in his voice. \"Okay...\" A/N: I am so sorry for leaving it this long, I can't say where I've been, nor what's going to happen next. The next chapter might not even be out tomorrow because it might be the final chapter, MIGHT, no promises there. I hope you enjoyed this chapter - and more importantly the story so far. Let me know what you think so far, and as always I'll see you, in the next chapter. Bye for now! Next Chapter: Amending Mistakes Notable Facts: Hey, at least there wasn't a 9.0 earthquake in the Pacific North-West when the eclipse happened. I seem to mention eclipses a lot in my stories wow.[Chapter 17] Chapter 17: Amending Mistakes (Part 1) After some time on the shuttle, we got Sarah back to her home, and insisted that we'd do something the next day. It wasn't long before I had played one of the clips Andrew sent me. With no one looking I watched, and the contents that layed within had sealed my ideas as to what to do next. \"Okay slight change of plans, I think it's time we got you back to your world.\" I said sharply, we were having fun and the mare fact that I said that made them utterly confused, as it came out of thin air. \"What do you mean Peter, surely it's safe now to stay here for a while longer.\" Buck spoke casually after opening the door, thinking that I was probably joking. \"There's one thing Andrew was right about...\" Speak of the devil Andrew clawed his way out, insisting to be dropped off. I was tired of hearing his voice and dropped him off at the nearest block. \"Okay, he was right about one thing. The world might be safer, but it's not entirely safe. He's right about how there are people worse than him.\" \"But, we can just avoid them right?\" Libby chimed into the conversation. \"Unfortunately, as soon as the world does have confirmation you guys are in fact real living dinosaurs, everyone's gonna ask question you wouldn't even understand. There would be scientists trying to get your DNA to know more about your species' past, Geologists that will want to go to your world and find a while world of geology, and don't get me started on the historians. If any of these people got either you or this shuttle, then who knows what that would do. Almost every question mankind has ever had can be answered with this thing, and people will start trying to replicate it. The future has been changed by this machine. Unless I can take you back to your world so that they wouldn't know.\" \"But even if you got us back to our world, they would eventually find out that you have this thing.\" Alma informed. \"Not if they don't know abotu you guys. For them this is just a normal shuttle, they haven't looked at all the paper work, well digital work but I digress. It would be virtually impossible for them to know about this shuttle's capabillities if they didn't know that you guys are here.\" \"And what about the storms then? How do you explain the massive 'bridge' between the two worlds that an entire city has whitnessed? Who knows they may have filmed it, it's probably already a... trending product, is that what they call it now.\" Ida came in. \"Look, I don't have all the answers, they'll probably be investigating everyone around the city.\" With that, I sighed, before flipping the lever to my right. The bridge opened, and we swiftly went through it, closing it before anyone could notice its presence. Our way through to the other side was calmer than usual, and everyone else seemed to like it as well. Not much else could be said about what's between worlds, it's mostly white, but not perfect white, as I mentioned before it looked more like being in a cloud than anything. With that being said, the other end opened, and we carried on through it back to their home. I had made sure only ten minutes had passed in their world since I last took them to our world, and decended down next to their home, making sure that nothing was in the way. Upon opening all doors, the fresh air blasted in, rich in life it was as always, not disturbed by any artificial presences. I jumped down onto the grass, which was much brighter than that where I came from, now that I think about it, everything there was much... purer, than it is here. \"Right then, I guess it's time to say goodbye, for now of course!\" I called out to the others as they left the shuttle. \"You promise you'll come back in a week?\" Arlo questionned innocently. A heavy sigh came out from me, before I could even reply, \"Yes, I promise, now uh Alma, you don't mind staying here right? To make sure that they're kept company?\", \"Hang on, so you're going to go all by yourself back home?\" You could easily tell Alma was alarmed by what I had said. I didn't respond, instead I just went back into the shuttle and prepared for take off. \"You do know that I won't be able to communicate to you once you close the bridge.\" Alma said through an intercom. \"Yes, I know. Cya soon, and let the others know to take a step back.\" I powered the engines on, and had counted down for take off. \"And you got back home right? So where's the mistake in that?\" The interviewer asked. \"Look, you remmeber before the start of the interview what I said right? I asked to leave so I can see my friends again, as I hadn't seen them in a month! I was happy and jolly anouncing my friends to the public for the first time in a while, as I had not even said their names in that amount of time either. Heck, I only saw Sarah this morning for the first time in a while as well. My mistake was leaving them in that world in the first place, as I can now never get back to them!\" Peter had basically been shouting towards the end, realising how loud he was, he sat back down before saying calmly. \"Sorry, I'll explain the rest now...\" The force of the rocket moving was strangely unbearable, it definitely felt like it was accellerating faster than it normally should. But it was expected sometimes, nothing to worry about. Flipping the lever once more, the bridge opened up once more, and I was just about to enter it when I got one last intercom message from Alma. \"Peter, look out!\" It shouted as the intercom started crackling, the bridge created too much noise for any more of Almas message to pass through. Quickly, swiftly I entered the bridge, and had started closing the end when it exploded with might. To this day I don't know what it was that cused such a thing to happen, but I know I'll find out. Anyways. Panicked, I went into full speed to escape the oncoming explosion, however being in a tunnel was a disadvantage for me, as it allowed all the energy of that explosion to go in oen direction. My direction. I had not done anything to the controls, but the bridge ended, and I came out the other end to... the same world I went away from. It looked exactly the same as the one my friends are from, with some notable diffrences. The biggest was that the 'farm' was much bigger, with all different kinds of fruit, and looking around I spotted a group of... I couldn't tell the exact species, but there was a group that was looking up in my direction. The side of my ship tore apart as the exposion had managed to damage it, and with that piles of junk were being flung out the new exit. Even the seat I was in was ready to give way. The shuttle was aiming for the ground, however I had managed to pick it back up went up in a vertical direction. Another bridge opened without my permission, and I went through. Unfortunately, the shuttle had lost nearly all of its power from that stunt, if you'd call it that. As fast I could I made one last exit out and back to this world. \"Warning, power at 1% Engine faliure, terrain terrain\" And a bunch more commands were screaming at me at the same time, the shuttle was doomed. Just so happens that shuttles like this one are built with eject modules, which I had gone into. Upon ejecting, I watched as the shuttle arced down towards the ground, upon which it exploded with an almighy force. The module I was in began to swing from the shockwave, but subsided by another shockwave. Turning around I saw the exit I came out of, which had now become a bright ball of... I don't know... \"...Ever since then, I had become fond of rebuilding the shuttle, with some major upgrades of course. However I can never get back to them.\" Peter finished. \"And why not?\" \"Well, Dave is it? The shuttle can go to different worlds, like the old one could, it just can't get to their world, or at least, it's a very slim chance I can. You see the old shuttle has a thing called a 'logger' which would log the secific quantum configuration needed to get to a specific universe, without it you can only go to a random universe, and if you make a new one then it can only log the universes you go to after you make it. I need that specific logger to go back to their world, and I fear that it was lost in that other universe I accidently crossed through. Since I can't get their either, all I can do is wait for anyone who has it to communicate to me. You see, the logger also comes with a universal communication device whenever something like this happens. I can't wait forever though.\" The awkwardness got intense, to the breaking point, before Dave broke it. \"Okay then, well everyone, looks like all your questions have been answered by Peter, we're gonna have a ten minute break and come back on to discuss any further questions you have for us!\" Switching off the cameras, Peter sighed. \"I feel much better letting all that out, though people might try to find a way to get to multiple universes, in the same fashion and intentions Andrew had. Some laws need to be passed quick to cover that.\" \"Agreed, but that'll take too much time. For now all we can do is hope there are enough people who'll stand up against anyone who has bad intentions. How you feeling?\" Dave asked, patting Peter on the back. \"I feel like I could use a coffee, you know where the beverage area is on this building?\" \"It's on the second floor, third room to you right.\" \"Thank you very much, wow it's getitng dark outside. Eight thirty in the evening it been that long? I'll probably go after the remainign questions have been answered. I'll be right back.\" Peter said, before standing back up and closing the door behind him as he left. Dave sighed, looking around the room, feeling quite, deflated after hearing all that Peter said throughout the majority of the day. A buzzing sound came from in front, right where Peter was sitting moments ago, confused over why Peter had forgotten something on his way out, he stood up and walked around the table ready to take it and give it back to him. Looking at it, it wasn't like what he was expecting it to be; a phone. Instead it looked more... confusing. Picking it up, it felt like cold metal rather than warm plastic. He could barely hold it with one hand, had to hold it with two. The buzzing stopped, and a voice came out the other end, though garbled probably due to signal, he got round to reply as fast as possible. \"Hello? Who is this?\" The voice on the other end quickly went from questionable to that of being in desperate need, though the words were still garbled he could make some things out, like the name. Peter had just come back in, \"Ah Peter, you forgot this thing on your way out. Someone's calling from it.\" Peter stole the thing from Daves hands quicker than one could see it happen. \"It's garbled, you might need to-\" \"Yeah just a sec, getting this fine tuned. Ah there we go. Hello there, how did you get this channel?\" Peter said, closing the door behind him. For about two minutes Dave could only hear muffled words, before Peter came back in pure excitement, rushing around to get his coat and ready to leave the door \"Peter what are you doing? We still have to do the remaining questions!\" \"Ah screw the bloody questions! I've got someone who has the logger! Get all media stations to Jackson, Wyoming pronto, I don't think you'll wanna miss this!\" A/N: Second to last chapter, and another story with two parts (wow so original Alex). Anyways, yyyyeaaaah about that hiatus that I just took. I think personal stuff is just out of my league. I can't do any 'schedules' from now on, so sorry about that. I just wanna please the people who enjoy reading these things. I'll try my best to get the last chapter done within the next week, but I can't promise anything like that anymore, I just can't. Next Chapter: Amending Mistakes (Part 2) Notable Facts: Uuuh... I got nothing.[Chapter 18] Chapter 18: Amending Mistakes (Part 2) [Final Chapter] 3 miles from Jackson, Wyoming. Near the Grand Teton Mountain range... Media stations from around the world had set up cameras for the event, though no one really knew what was to come forward next. News reporters were speakign away, telling the world of what was unfolding before them, they had set up around a large rocket; larger than a space shuttle, and could hold about 100 people on-board, the so called \"Interplanetary Transport Unit\" was a new type of rocket that would take one to Mars with far superior efficiency. However in this case, it had seemed like Peter bought one of them to use as an upgraded shuttle, making it the first \"Interuniversal Transport Unit\". \"Okay what the hell is this all about Peter?\" Dave spoke infuriatingly, \"You have your media, now what!?\" \"Relax Dave, this is just to prove to everyone that everything I've said is true. And I mean everything.\" Peter reassured, though Dave was more worried now. \"But how can you prove something without showing us what the other side is like?\" \"Oh that's alreayd been covered, I've already got three-hundred-and-sixty-degree cameras on the sides. They should be enough. Now if you'll excuse me, I need to get going. Can't age too much or my friends will notice.\" Peter said, sounding anxious at the last sentence. As he walked nearer and nearer to the I.T.U, he soon became aware of the missing earthquake monitor, \"12x\" he muttered to himself, perhaps Andrew knew something of it at the time and he didn't tell. He brushed the thought off for the meanwhile, and walked faster to the rocket. Unlike the shuttle, the I.T.U had a much more home-like inside, each room that could suppor a person was well equiped with luxury and comfortability. It was more open, allowing his friends to no longer feel too cramped. The cockpit was almost completely gone, or at least, there were far fewer buttons and controls to mess around with. A book only 5 pages was needed as a guide for using the rocket. However a 6th page had to be added for this rocket, as it had the bridge control designs (albeit modified to be almost entirely automated) from the shuttle. All he had to do was sit down, launch, and open a bridge between this world and his- well, he had to get the universse co-ords for his friends first. \"Okay so go to that other universe THEN go to his friends, that should only take what? Ten minutes? Easy as pie!\" Peter thought to himself. looking down at the controls, he placed his hand on the engine control lever, small and rigid-feeling, as the countdown went from 10... 9... 8... 7... 6... At this point, he started to push the lever forward. 5... 4... 3... 2... 1... Peter pushed the lever at full strength, moving it as far as it could go. Surprisingly, it felt smooth, the shaking had become so minimal that it was only just noticable. Compared to that however, the accellaration of the I.T.U was so powerful it felt like having another person pushing you back all the time. Letting go of the engine control, he then switched the bridge contol on, allowing the bridge to open. With the co-ords already in place, he didn't need to do anything else, leaving him with time to look at the final recording Andrew gave him. Playing it, a holographic screen came up, as usual, and displayed some kind of graph; the top of the display showed, in big capitals \"MARS EARTHQUAKE MONITOR #12X\". No audio came from the recorder, and this was the only thing that came from the recorder, on the graph, there were parts where the recordings jumped up or down a slight bit. Swithcing off the output audio from the I.T.U so that no one could hear what he was going to say, he soon had a sigh of relief \"I should've known, Andrew was using it to monitor the different universes that his prototype went to. If he got rid of the 12x, then that must mean that there was something he didn't want anyone t- oh my god!\" Peter said, as he looked at the right-side of the graph, the readings on said graph were beyond the usual limits, where the results went to the top of the graph before starting at the bottom again. \"Hmm, Computer! Transform this part of the graph to the top, and mark down the extra numbers for the graph.\" Peter said aloud, watching as the graphed was expanded. The end result was nothing like Peter had seen, with the red line going up to \"M13\" and the blue line moving up to \"1500C\", they indicated the magnitudes of a quake and the temperature of the environment respectively. Either the monitor had gone into a volcano, or something worse happened. Peter took the co-ordinates at the bottom of the screen and copied it for future use. Deciding to disable the side cameras for concentration, he was ready to get the co-ords to his friends. Homestead, about 800 meters (2625 feet) from Clawtooth Mountain... \"Hey Alma, whatch'a doin' there?\" Libby hoped to Alma, who had been staring at the top of the mountains for over an hour. \"Just looking, you know it's been exactly three months since me and Peter first came here, right... up... there... was where we first entered. And now look, a month since Peter left and all that's left is a stupid ball of light that won't stop shining. Is this what true annoyance feels like? I mean I should probably know the feeling by now, but still.\" \"Geez, I'd thought you'd say something more like 'I really miss Peter' or something, ya know, like all the other days when you'd just say that?\" Libby said with mild sarcasm. \"Sorry for that, I just... don't know what to do now, I feel like I've done everything and now... I don't feel like I have a purpose...\" Sounding quieter near the end, Libby stepped in to reassure. \"Oh that's not true, you keep us somewhat entertained, you've taught us a lot more about the other world, and heck, you've helped us out with the farming so much you could place your own mark!\" \"What do you mean by mark? You mean those footprints you guys placed on the silo? I don't know about that, with my strength I could accidentally bring the entire thing down.\" Alma spoke worringly. \"Ah you worry too much, I mean Henry did it and he was the biggest of us all!\" \"Uuh, who's Henry?\" Alma questioned. \"Wait, we've never told you?\" Libby asked, confused and almost worried as to how long they've not brought the topic up. \"No, who is he?\" Alma started to raise its voice, barely noticable, but still noticable. \"Well he's mine, Buck's and Arlo's papa, I have no idea why we haven't mentioned him to you guys for all the time we've been with yo-\" \"You know how Peter will feel about that when he comes back? Last time I saw him he felt troubled for something, and he finds out you've forgotten to bring a very imporant subject up he's gonna feel betra- wait a second, what happened to this Henry of yours? Did he go somewhere?\" \"No... He's uhhh, he's... h-he's...\" Alma could see that Libby was starting to tear up, and quickly came to a conclusion of what had happened in the past. \"Oh... there there now Libby, you don't have to say. We all loose someone every now and then, but we shouldn't be acting like this now. Now come on, you wanna have another stone-skimming contest. I'll let 'ya win this time lass.\" Alma said, sounding much bolder, and compasionate, toward the end. Their fun had stopped before it began however, as a large storm had seemingly come out of nowhere. Everyone else along with them hurried over to the homestead, sheltered from the now heavy rain. \"You think this is it?\" Arlo whispered to Buck, \"You kidding right? We've had so much rain since he left, chances are this isn't it.\" \"Hmm, I'll give ya ten of my corn that this is the one.\" Arlo started to bet, every now-and-then they would each bet on if Peter would come back, though every time was always the same. \"Make it twenty, same on my end.\", \"Deal.\" The bet was drawn, the rain grew even heavier at this point, almost monsoon-like. A large crackling sound signalled lightning had also come with the rain, but another sound slowly grew louder. Like the usual thunder, only deeper and more mechanical-sounding, it grew louder to the point where it was obviously not a natural sound. All of them went out of the house, no longer bothered by the rain, to see what was happening. All of them were shocked to see a large rocket touch down on the ground with piles of smoke surorunding the lower half. They didn't move for the rest of the time that the engines had shut down, though Alma did move when a click-sound came from it. \"Hang on a second, Peter you son-of-a-\" \"I wouldn't say that if I was you.\" The smoke had travelled far enough to almost cover the homestead, at least it wasn't toxic smoke, just water vapor, however it was enough to block out their view. The voice sounded familiar, but... strangely aged... The figure walked closer until it's outline was much more defined, only a few feet from them. As the water vapor condenced, the range of vision grew until the figure was revealed. \"Peter?\" Arlo asked in disbelief. \"The very same who left you guys some time ago.\" \"But you look... different, that can't be possible, it's only been a month since we saw you.\" Ida spoke, Peter had seemingly become more aged himself, though not enough to be considered elderly. Peter chuckled slowly as he got closer, \"Aw, nah it's has been a month... for you guys at least, you see, with a time machine, the amount of time passed between various subjects changes, for you it's been a month, but for me however, that has changed to... about 5 years. I guess that makes me 39 years old huh?\" \"5 YEARS?!\" They all said, including Alma, flabbaghasted. \"Yeah, so sorry it had to be like this. But I managed to get some things out of it. Mainly the rest of the data for the 12x Monitor.\" \"Peter, may I have a word with you?\" Alma said angrily. \"Alma, I know, I shouldn't of done that to ya but I didn't want you telling them.\" \"Um, we're right here? What are you two on about?\" \"Alma can tell you about it, however, I need a word with you... Arlo.\" Peter muttered, he didn't sound annoyed or angry like Alma, in fact he felt quite the opposite, compasionate and worried. \"U-uh, okay sure thing. Where would you like us to talk?\" Arlo questioned. Peter pointed to the I.T.U and said \"There.\" Seeing the inside of the I.T.U was a real shock for Arlo, \"So uh, looks liek you spent some time on this huh?\" \"Nah, I beought this thing, all I had to do was modify it a tad bit. C'mon, I'd like to show 'ya the cockpit.\" Peter replied, everywhere they went Arlo kept looking around, seeing all the new things. \"What are all these rooms for?\" \"This rocket is normally used to get people from Earth to Mars, so the rooms were there for them to live in for the trip. However they won't be needed much, might modify them to suit your needs. But-\" Peter had suddenly stopped, surprising Arlo. \"I brought you here for several reasons, most importantly to say sorry for leaving you guys waiting for a month. There was some problem with the shuttle on my way back and it ended up getting destroyed. Add in the month of finding the co-ords to you guys and it has been a pretty hard time.\" \"A month? A month doesn't explain five years Peter. Explain that!\" Arlo raised both his voice and tone, Peter ignored the change and answered, \"Had to retrieve the recordings of the missing earthquake monitor 12x. Unfortunately I didn't get the final recordings but I'm fairly certain that the readings are accurate. Anyways, I know that wouldn't take so long, but there was this family with a few uh... problems... that I had to fix, I didn't know how much time had passed and was quite unsettled when I was aware. It doesn't matter any more.\" Though Peter had explained everything, he could tell Arlo had more questions needed to answer, \"So uh, what was this family like?\" \"Oh you know, just your average family; mother, father, two sons and two daughters, just a nice happy family huh? It was surprising to see what it took to get them apart, I can litterally say that mountains had to move for them to be pulled apart- Don't ask why, I'll explain it with the others when we get back.\" Peter had already started the engines up when Arlo was pondering that last sentence. \"Uuh, what are you doing?\" Peter cackled, almost coughing, in responce. \"Just a gift I wanted to give you, like an apology gift...\" \"For what? Leaving us for a month? You really don't need to.\" Arlo reassured, anxious when they got through, the bridge was a little different, it felt bigger and open, but there was also flashes of lightning around the sides, as if they were going through an unstable region. Arlo of course had started to worry more \"Peter, where exactly are you taking us?\", \"Oh just Clawtooth Mountain, the real question is when in time am I taking you... In that case, it's only a few months.\" \"From now? Or... wait a second, you're not taking us to-\" Arlo had been interruped when the other side of the bridge opened up. They had travelled to the same place, but at an unfamiliar time. Peter flicked a switch, but nothing had happened afterwards. \"What was that for?\", \"So that they don't see us, don't want your family seeing something like this.\" At first, that statement would be confusing to anyone, especially Arlo; his fmaily's already seen the I.T.U, why would this be any different. \"I-I don't understand, what are you doing?\" Peter got up from the seat he had been residing in, \"On the topic of explaining things, I've explained why I've had to spend five years, I think it's time you explain to me something.\" He was clearly serious on the topic, he had changed his tone so much in the short amount of time it was off putting. \"I'm not sure what you're on about Peter, we've explained everything about us to you, what left is there to explain?\" Peter had hammered his fist on the control panel, just barely missing the controls. \"How about your father Henry? I'm sure he's not important enough for you lot to explain, given the fact that for the past three months of us being with you, you guys have not once mentioned him to me or Alma!\" Peter said explosively, there was no way to deny that he was livid. At this point, Arlo had started to resort back to the way he was before, starting to cower and move back whenever Peter got close to him. It took a while for Peter to realise, but he immediately stopped when he did. \"A-Arlo... I'm... I'm so sorry for acting like that. It's just that, I don't knwo whether you guys had just forgotten or something, but it took a recording that Andrew gave to me to figure it all out. If you guys had just told me about him then... I wouldn't of acted up like that. You don't need to explain everything, I already know what happened to him. I just uh, hope you can forgive me for lashing out like that.\" \"What are you talking about Peter, of course I forgive you, it was our fault for not telling you, to be honest I don't even know why we didn't have the thought of telling you. But you still haven't answered my question as to why you have bought me here.\", Arlo's companion sighed, before explaining, \"Well, I just thought that, if you wanted... you could uh... well you can have a look for yourself.\" Peter motioned to the large windowed front. Arlo stepped forward to the window to see where they were. They had travelled to the steep, V-shaped valley between the main Clawtooth mountains. Arlo looked down to find what looked to be two Apatosaurs, both looking at each other, with a wave about 10 meters (33 feet) from them. Looking back at Peter, it became clear what he was looking at. \"You took us back to the point where my papa died? Why?\", Peter didn't look at Arlo throughout the time Arlo spoke, however he slowly moved his hand toward one of the controls. Pressing it, the floor they were on opened up to the outside, the water was only a few meters below, and strangely still. Not as in calm, there were still quite large waves from the storm, but the water itself was not moving. Confused, Arlo turned to the two Apatosaurs. It seemed wird for Arlo to see his younger self. \"Why aren't they moving Peter? Why isn't... anything, moving at all?\" A moment of laughter came from behind \"With the I.T.U, it's possible to stop time completely while having seperate locations have some level of time. It takes far more energy to do it, but in this case it's worth it. Now, you wanted to know why I have taken you to this moment, well...\" Rasing his left arm, he revealed a weird device on his wrist, which had been on there for an unknown amount of time. He didn't press any buttons, nor did he say anything to activate anything. He just pointed it at Henry and, out of nowhere, Henry had started to move again. It seems as though Peter had allowed the space Henry was in to have freedom of time. His fist move was that of pure confusion, looking at the Arlo that was in front of him at different angles. \"Arlo...\" He whispered, before looking at the wave that was near to him. Taken aback by the sudden lack of time, Peter looked at his friend. \"I wanted you to have one last moment with him.\" Peter muttered quietly, however with no other sound in the nearby area, it was heard by all three. Henry looked back at them, and then looked at the I.T.U, and had taken two steps back. \"What the, but- how?\" He looked back to the Arlo nearby, and realised that there were now two Arlos, one still and one moving. \"It's more complicated than it looks.\" Peter stated. Henry rotated his head to him and became dumbfounded. \"And you're just a 'lil critter, how can 'ya speak!?\" Peter looked at Arlo and said, \"Should I tell him or should you tell him?\" \"I think we should both tell him Peter.\" \"Tell me what?\" \"He's not a critter\", \"I'm not a critter\" Arlo and Peter said at the same time, respectively. \"Again, it's very complicated, and we don't have much time here, but I wanted Arlo to talk to you for the last time.\" \"Last time? What do you mean?\" Henry asked, muddled. \"Papa, that Arlo there won't see you again for another three months, and that's when I see you now.\" Arlo explained, Henry looked to the other Arlo, who was still there motionless, reaching out. \"But, that would mean you're from... let me guess, it's complicated right?\" He sighed, before continuing, \"I guess that means this wave kills me right? In that case, I guess it's the righ ttime for me to apologise for what I did near the end, I was afraid that if you continued to be afraid of anythign that moves, then you wouldn't survive should you get lost to the outside world.\" \"Don't worry papa! That happened just a couple of days after this day. Before you say anything, it was very scary for me at first but, lets just say a peculiar friend helped me along the way.\" \"Lemme guess, Peter here?\" \"Actualy... it was the critter you wanted me to kill- again I know, complicated but, I took care of him without needing to kill him, we learned a lot about each other on the way back and, we met a couple o' friends and foes. All in all, it was the greatest adventure of my life. You don't need to worry anymore.\" Arlo reassured. \"Wow... I, I can't belive it, you did all that after I was gone? Hah, I guess you accepted my apology-\" A rumbling sound eminated from everywhere, out of no where Peter shouded \"Henry quick, look back at Arlo for a second!\" Although confused, Henry did so, and looked at the- the wave had gotten closer, noticably closer. \"Okay, Arlo, any apologies you wanna make?\" Peter requested, Arlo thought for a few seconds, and eventually found something. \"Ah yes actually... Papa, I'm sorry for acting so, childish? I guess, I guess I caught up so much in the moments of being scared that I never thought twice, I hope you can forgive me for that...\" They both sighed, before Henry responded, \"I do. It was never your fault, you didn't know better- back then? But now you're older and wiser, and I can just by looking at you, see that you have become so much more.\" Another rumble sounded from everywhere, and once again Peter shouted for Henry to look back, he did so again until it stopped, and saw the wave had gotten closer. \"So Henry has apologised, Arlo has apologised, everything is sorted... Almost. It's time for my apology.\" Confused, Arlo and Henry both turned to each other in confusion. \"You weren't here when this happened.\" Arlo questioned. Peter pointed straight up and said \"You sure?\" They all looked up, seeing the shuttle way up near the clouds. \"When me and Alma first came to this world, we hit the side of the mountain, and the debris from it fell and smashed into the river. If we had just missed them, then this wouldn't be the current situation. I was just so stubborn about landing that I didn't know the consequenses at the time... I'm sorry for my actions.\" Before they could respond, the rumbling started to develop, albeit much slower. In responce, Henry looked back at Arlo, while Peter told Arlo go get back on the I.T.U. Looking back at the two for a moment, Henry asked while Arlo was going back into the I.T.U \"One more thing Arlo, did you ever get your mark?\" Arlo stopped for a second, and grinned, \"Yes.\" Was all he could say before the floor-doors closed up. Henry once more looked at the Arlo infront of him and said, \"You deserved it, son.\" In the cockpit, Peter pressed the button needed to start time again, the sounds from outside were muffled, but it was enough to allow Peter to do what he wanted. By pressing abother button, a massive claw-like hand fell from the ceiling, how Arlo didn't see it at the time was baffling to Peter. Before it could hit the floor, Peter allowed just that partion of the floor to open up, allowing it to go into the river. Pressing the button previously, time had stopped once more, just 8 seconds after. Confused, Arlo looked at Peter in a puzzling matter, \"What are you doing now?\" Peter didn't sigh or laugh or anything responce, and his tone became flat when he spoke, \"It's not what I'm gonna do, this is your desision, look down.\" Arlo stepped near the hole that the claw went through previously, and had found that the claw was already underwater and opened up wide, however he couldn't see anything below it due to how massive it was. \"If you had the power to save your father, would you use it to do so?\" Peter queried. Arlo expressed a face of shock for a moment, realising what Peter intended for him to do. \"All this time...\" \"Yeah, now come here. Press that blue button there if you want your father back. But if by chance you don't... you can hit that red one right there.\" Peter clarified. Arlo glanced at the two buttons, both were right next to each other, so pressing them with his feet or nose, or even his tounge wasn't an option. \"You know you have a tail right?\" Peter reminded, in responce Arlo truened around and then rotated his head as much as he could to see where his tail was at. \"Are you sure you want me to do this?\" \"I'm sure, he is your father.\" Peter said as Arlo pressed a button, Peter not looking in time to see which one. \"Uh, which one did you press?\", \"You'll see...\" The floor opened up, and the claw came back up closed, closed with the Apatosaur inside. As it opened up, Henry fell onto the floor, which had closed just a fraction of a second before. With time for him starting back up again, he looked around before realising where he was in. \"But, I thought-\" \"It seems Peter surprised me by giving the option to save you.\" \"Before any of you two worry though, the Arlo outside still thinks you're gone. I made sure that we were out of his sight before going any further with my plan. Now, what would you two like to do?\" The answer seems obvious, rhetorical almost, but they kept it quiet from Peter until he looked annoyed, \"Home.\" They both said, he beamed, before turning the engine controls on and putting them to full power. \"You know, your family's gonna have quite the shock to see you alive.\" In responce, Henry laughed, or chuckled, whichever of the two, and said \"Maybe so, but I still need to catch up on those three moths you guys were talking about.\" Arlo and Peter looked at each other, with Arlo asking \"Should you tell him or should I tell him?\" \"I think it's obvious you should tell him, I need to make sure of something at the back here.\" Peter expressed, before moving out of the cockpit while Arlo started explaining everything. By now they had already entered the bridge, and it was only a matter of time before Henry would see his family again. \"So, what did you guys think of that?\" Peter asked, looking at a screen, revealing that all this time he had the cameras and audio on. No responce came back, and he felt somewhat satisfied by that. Turning off the cameras, audio, and the screen in front for good, he layed back on the nearest flat wall, pondering whether he should tell his friends of the places he had been to throughout those 5 years. \"In time Peter, in time. They need not to worry or to know about it.\" Peter thought, relaxing while the I.T.U carried on moving, to the future. A/N: So, here it is. My final chapter to this story. All in all, I can say that this is not my best story, with many loose ends and a mundane plot. However there are, certain plot points, especially in this chapter, that'll be explained in time. I too would like to apologise, for leaving it this long on making this chapter. I had hit so many road blocks and procrastinated so much that I didn't know if I would ever come back to it at all. That all ended when a friend of mine showed me one of their chapters, it gave me enough motivation to come this far, and I feel that, in time, I can motivate myself to finish off the next story, I'll probably do that next week (promise this time!). Anyways, as I said this is the last chapter, though you may find that the story of Peter is not quite so over just yet. Yeah this main story is over, but I feel like other stories can explain certain parts of this story, more so this chapter. The responce to this story wasn't so much compared to the previosu one I did. just over 1,000 views compaed to the 4,000 that my last one got, however I don't really define the responce to a story by its views. Thank you to those who have made it this far, and this time, I'll make sure that the next story will be more exciting, and... in a way, more open to the concept of dinosaurs with human-like technology (and no, not sci-fi again, it seems that that is a bit too much around here). Notable Facts: I'm back in the writing bussniness! Next chapter: What do you mean? This is that last one for this story![Chapter 19] 11:30 am, Friday the 6th of August, 2038 San Jose had never been more quiet since the events of 2029. After the blueprints of the machine were made public, numerous companies and services sprung up, offering people not only the chance to see things they never could before, but also allowed research on a whole new level. Tourism was one of the first job sectors to grow exponentially, taking people back in time to see the dinosaurs, and into the future to see all the new technologies humanity would soon make. Furthermore, tourism could also go to any place of any universe. If you imagined it, there was a universe for it. Spend the night on a planet so exotic it was beyond imagination, or even witness the big bang itself. With tourism, science could reach it's full potential. One could simply go to another universe, grab some high tech equipment, and go back and see what it does. Go back in time and study the geology of the planet. Find out where life on Earth came from and where it will go. The list could, and possibly would go on for almost forever. Controversy of this technology quickly faded once known about the potential of parallel universes; that no matter what you did there would be no consequences to anyone else. New world records were made, name one and someone has probably beaten it, and then beaten it again and again and again. While most people decided to leave the Earth all together, some had stayed behind. For them, Earth was now pristine, for a world population of 100 million was small enough to keep things sustainable, and leaving their home behind would be too much. The rest of the population would occasionally visit back, but not permanently, this allowed for the Earth to recover completely from the ways of the past. San Jose was one of the remaining cities on the Earth. Most villages, towns, and minor cities were abandoned, allowing for nature to take over what mankind had blocked off for so long. Once they were modern, but now the buildings of the growing city were more stylised, more pleasing to the eye, and more natural than before. Peter had since retired from the NEASA program after it became obsolete, and quickly went into a new job. Him and Sarah worked at the local San Jose school, both teaching the next generation of the principles of Geology, sometimes organising field trips, and once every year paying a small visit to their apatosaur friends like Arlo and his family. There was however, one small thing, that wasn't entirely utopian. Peter and Sarah's 8-year old son Robert wasn't used to how quickly the world was changing, and also felt embarrassed around his parents. On this day in particular, Robert's bullies were throwing his backpack to each other, making sure as hell that Robert wouldn't be able to catch it. A piercing whistle sounded, the backpack dropped to the floor as everyone had covered their ears. \"You kids shouldn't be messing around like that you know, next time I find you lot messing around we'll be in with your parents immediately.\" Sarah sternly spoke, and at first they immediately left the scene. In self-instinct Robert embraced his mother for saving him once again. Looking around his mother, he could hear and see his bullies mocking him and everything. Immediately he pushed Sarah away and started walking out. \"Robert where are you going?\" Sarah asked in dismay, before Peter emerged out from the school. \"Okay you lot back inside.\" He ordered. \"It's just- it's just embarrassing when you two protect me as if I've just been born, what am I some sort of toddler? I just think I need to leave, you know, be free!\" While Robert was already thinking about it, Peter had noticed a storm brewing right above them. Problem is, Robert had a bracelet on his right wrist that was highly conductive. Sarah tried to maintain the peace \"Robert please, if we're ever being over protective you can just sa-\" \"Alright then I'll say it now.\" Robert interruped, the clouds above blackening. \"You two are being over protective, and I wanna leave!\" Robert shouted, wailing his arms high in the air. Lightning had already begun to flash up in the clouds. From nowehere a blinding flash of light, followed by a deafining shockwave, blasted form infront Peter and Sarah. Both fell down to the floor, and everyone inside came out to get them back inside. \"Wait, where's Robert?\" Sarah asked as the door was locked by Peter, the storm getting more intense. \"He was nowhere to be seen, the lightning, I think it hit him directly!\" one of the other students spoke aloud. It was impossible for lightning to obliterate someone, and was also unlikely to kill them, so the question now was; where did Robert go? After the split-second flash and bang, there was complete silence. Confused, Robert opened his eyes to find that he was kneeling on all fours- his hands placed on the sand below. \"Huh?\" A confused Robert said, there wasn't any sand at the school he went to, why would there be sand here? Looking up, he found himself to be on the edge of the beach, the sound of waves crashing by soon becoming noticable. The ringing in his ears soon faded, and all the sights, sounds and smells came to him. How far had he travelled in a split moment? It dawned on him that if this was indeed the bay, he should be on the edge of San Jose, but instead there were no buildings near him. Instead the city across the bay was more in the position of San Fransisco. But then, why does the bay look weird? That was Roberts next thought, as the bay was now a completely different shape. The buildings too didn't look like San Fransico either, they weren't really nice looking, as if they were made without the intention of how they looked. Perhaps he had somehow travelled to another place in the world, or even back in time. But how? A short electric shock made Robert jump, it had come from his right wrist. \"The bracelet!\" Peter thought to himself, there must've been something on the bracelet that made him travel this far when the lightning had struck him. A subtle thumping sound came from his right, after a second he heard it again, only louder. He could feel the ground move slightly. Another thump, and another. Soon, a shadow had casted over Robert. Slowly looking up, he could see the sillouhette of a ferrocious Tyrannosaurus Rex. Screaming in fear, Robert made a dash for it, but had only made two steps before the T-rex's tail had caught him. \"A-woah there, little critter! Where'd you come from?\" The T-rex spoke, the sillouhette revealed to be a rust-coloured tyrannosaur, and it seemed pretty friendly for what it was. Shocked, Robert quickly spoke \"No place! Just put me down and leave me alone!\" Robert had thought the tyrannosaur would place him down, but instead placed Robert on the top of it's muzzle. \"No place? No place. Never been there before. What's your name?\" He spoke so calm, a slight bit of a western accent in his voice, and slightly coarse in tone. \"Robert.\" He spoke quickly. \"Well Robert, don't you have a parent of some kind that's looking for you right now?\" Robert laughed, slightly nervous still, but genuine too. \"Probably, yeah.\" Looking down Robert could see that the tyrannosaur was... playing something thay looked like golf? How in the world- \"So uh, what'cha gonna do now?\" The tyrannosaur asked. \"Not sure yet, probably run off and go exploring!\" \"Ah, exploring, exploring. Now you're talking sense, the world is a place with some spiiice! \" The tyrannosaur had emphasis on the word spice while using a wodden version of a gold club to knock a few rocks toward a nearby tree. \"You know, I've never seen a critter quite like you before, how'd you get here?\" Ignoring the question, Robert instead asked \"Say, how is a dinosaur like you playing golf out here near the city?\" Almost immediately the tyrannosaur replied, as if he was waiting for Robert to ask. \"I'm smart Robert, I'm one smart dinosaur. But, we weren't always.\" \"You weren't?\" Robert asked, as if he forgotten any lessons on dinosaurs. \"No. No siree. Our kind started off stupid and violent.\" \"You did!?\" \"This was a long time ago, you understand? A long time ago. Those like me were a real terror then, we were like real animals. And we were hungry, all the time.\" Robert had become nervous again, to which the tyrannosaur noticed. \"But don't worry, as I mentioned this was a long time ago. No since then we've evolved Robert. Evolved to what we are now, smart animals that can think for themselves, doing what we want under rule.\" \"Under rule?\" \"Why yes Robert. You see, our kind have learnt to be more of um... civilized folk, eating only the animals are are really common and smart. We built this city to symbolise that, and we've lived here for generations. Doing what we find fun while also contributing to the city's needs.\" It took a bit for Robert to process all of this. \"So like, you can now do activites like this while doing a job?\" \"In a way, your right. Each of our kind can have a variety of jobs. Whether you're a tyrannosaur like me maintaining livestock, or if your an apatosaur plowing the ground for farming, each of us have a place in this-\" Robert interrupted excitently. \"Sorry, don't mean to interrupt, but did you say 'apatosaur', and in those like Arlo?\" \"Arlo. Who's Arlo? Never met an Arlo before.\" The tyrannosaur responded. \"You don't know about Arlo? Man he's a great guy, actually apreciates me for who I am unlike my parents. My father found him in this different world, they became friends and came to my world, there was this guy who wanted humanity to survive by colonising Arlo's world but it would've led to both of our worlds' destruction so they stopped him. But that's common knowledge ya' know? Anyways out of the apatosaur family Arlo's my favourite, I guess it's cause he used to be like me before so he knows what I'm talking about. I think you'd like him if you got the chance. Say, what's your name?\" \"My name? Why my name's Butch. I probably should've mentioned it at the beginning of our conversation. You wanna have a look around Oykot?\" \"Oykot, what is an Oykot?\" Robert asked, confusion all over his face. \"Why it's the city that I spoke of, that one there across the bay. Right next to that volcano on the left. Oh, look at the time!\" Butch expressed, looking over to the sundial that was across the 'golf course'. \"Eight o'clock? isn't that like, morning? Why's it midday then?\" With that Buch spoke in his usual tone once more \"Robert surely you must know of the global time system we use? It's eight subarcs into the day. That means it's the middle of the day.\" \"No, for me it would be twelve o'clock in the morning. It'll be one pm in about an hour or so.\" \"Hour? Never heard of an hour. Do you mean subarcs?\", \"Subarcs? What's a subarc?\" Robert asked, he had never heard such a word. \"You really don't know about our time system do you? You must come from far away then young critter. Here's how it goes, a single day is split into four arcs, we don't really use them too often so we split it again, making a total of sixteen subarcs. After that, we split each subarc into fifty nenarcs, of which each nenarc is split into a hundered secarcs. You got that?\" Although really confused, Robert decided to teach Butch of his time system. \"Well where I come from, a day is split into twenty-four hours, of which each hour is split into sixty minutes, and of which each minute is split into sixty seconds. That way there's about eighty-six-thousand four-hundred seconds, while for you there would be... eighty thousand secarcs. That's not actually bad, though converting will be difficult.\" \"My my my, seems like where you come from, your kind is just as unique and smart as us! Say, your parents are gonna be worried about you. Why don't you go back to them?\" Slightly frustrated, Robert replied \"Because I don't know how I got here in the first place! There was some lightning, I think it struck this bracelet of mine and next thing I know I'm sent to this place.\" Butch started thinking, perhaps if Robert was struck again he would go back, but how would lightning strike here, the sky was as clear as day. \"I don't know what else to say apart from just, maybe wait for a storm to come around. There's bound to be one in a day or two.\" As the two new-found-friends headed their way back home, their shadows suddenly became distinctive and long, unusual for the time of day it was. The ground that had not been shaded was so bright that both of them had to cover their eyes for a moment. Looking behind revealed a ball of light just over the horizon, it was like the sun but dimmer, and glowed ominously. \"Oh no...\" Robert instinctively whispered, Butch managed to hear Robert's voice and spoke. \"What is it Robert, you recognise this light?\" \"I mean yeah I do but uh, I don't really wanna say where though.\" \"You have that worried expression on your face I could tell, is it dangerous?\" \"I mean of course it is, I read about it in a book of how the dinosaurs became extinc- ah!\" Robert quickly covered his mouth as soon as he realised what he was saying and who he was saying it too, but by that time it was already too late. Butch wasn't pleased with Robert. \"'How the dinosaurs became extinct'? Is that what you were going to say? Your saying that all of us are going to die because of this and you already know about it!? How would you even know such a thing before it happened?\" \"BECAUSE IN MY WORLD YOU ARE ALL DEAD!\" Robert shouted, quickly covering his mouth again before looking away from Butch's eyes, in fear of what Buch might do to him. Unexpectedly, Butch respnded in a softer, caring tone. \"Robert, Robert. Don't be like that. It's not your fault you know?\" Looking back at the horizon, he could see the fading light revealed small streaks mostly heading northwards \"For something as dangerous as that, you have to admit Robert, it looks pretty.\" Robert looked up to see what Butch could see. \"Butch, for the sake of this city, I think it would be best to construct domes around and above the city, or at the very least build some shelters into the mountains. Those streaks are large masses of heated rock, ones that will come raining down here in a few short hours.\" \"Thanks for the advice, kid.\" Butch said, an approaching storm from where the source of light was grew larger. \"I believe it's time for you to go home Robert.\" Unfortunately, Robert had other ideas. \"But you understand me Butch, I wanna stay here.\", \" You wanna stay here ? The very place that you'll die if you don't go back? All that over your home where you can have a full life? Your kind, no offence, is pretty weird.\" \"Ye, we are weird.\" \"But, if I were you, I would head home. I would assume that you don't have nice folk around you, for you to feel embarrassed over your parents actions. It happened to Ramsey and Nash, my daughter and son, and it happened to me too. All of us at some point has told out parents how over-protective they can be. But trust me Robert when I say that parents only do it because they care. Who knows, maybe those that aren't nice to you have had a similar situation, and have ironically become the thing they didn't want to be. If you ever feel like your parents are being too much, just mention it. They'll know where you're comign from.\" \"Wow. Thanks I guess for the advice.\" \"So then, you still wanna stay here and wait for the end?\" Robert froze, allowing Butch to lower his head down for Robert to get off of him. \"Well, with all you've said, I think home is better. I'll miss you though.\" Butch chuckled, \"I'm sure you will, and I'm sure I'll miss you too. But...\" Butch opened his mouth, revealing his set of teeth. \"Go on, pick one. It'll give you something to remember me by.\" Robert proceeded to wiggle each tooth before he found one that was loose, as so not to hurt Butch too much. Taking it out, he noticed just how large it was. \"Now, one final thing I request you to do.\" \"Anything Butch.\" \"Raise your right arm.\" Butch said, winking. The sound of thunder boomed from the clouds above. As Robert raised his right arm, he said \"Oh and Butch, remember to warn the city!\" before a bolt of lightning struck him directly. By the time Butch could readjust, Robert was gone, and I can only imagine that he indeed proceeded to head for the city of Oykot. Opening his eyes once more, he could feel the familiar concrete texture on his hands. \"Robert?\" A muffled voice spoke, as the ringing once again faded. The voice in question belonged to Peter. \"Oh Robert! I'm so glad your alive! Where'd you gone to?\" Peter asked, followed by Sarah \"And what is that in your hands?\" \"It's a Tyrannosaur tooth. My friend Butch gave it to me as I was leaving.\" Robert said, smiling knowing that until he explained, both of his parents would be confused. For now though, Robert was happy knowing that from now on, things would be better, and in time, he would find a way of reaching back to Butch. Thought I'd never continue on this story huh? Well long story short, I had recently watched an old movie called \"We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story\", it's pretty wierd at times, but creative in it's own way. It has something similar to this story where I time traveller goes to the past and brings some dinosaurs back to the \"middle future\", however it has some very unique twists to it, such as the dinosaurs not being... civilised, until their given this \"brain gain\" cereal, along with the time traveller wanting the dinosaurs to fufill the wishes of children across the world (though it takes place entirely in New York City) and other wacky plot lines. You can actually see the parody I made of it in this chapter, specifically the beginning conversation Robert has with Butch, is a parody of the beginning scene in the film. There's something about the film that, like The Good Dinosaur, captivates my mind. I however won't make a fanfiction based on the movie though, because there's probably not a section on it, and if there was I'll be too busy by the time I'm done with The Good Dinosaur to continue doing fanfics. Anyways, I hope you enjoyed this chapter, and I'll see you soon! Notible facts: This is a crossover between two of my stories, with 'TGD: Peter And The Machine Between Worlds' and 'TGD: Sounding of a Meteor'. For now you probably won't get why, but I know that it will be understood eventually.[Chapter 20] December, 2040 Andrew sat in his small jail cell, following a usual routine that had gone on for nearly 12 years, over half of his current sentence time. As most things were with these sorts of things, it wasn't boring, but at time same time not fun either. There really wasn't much to talk about anyways, everything inside was just, bland. That is, until Andrew got a notice to walk to the reception; something that even he was surprised at. \"Here you go.\" The member of staff gave him several items, however the items in question weren't exactly what was expected. Amongst these items, a small panflet had been placed on the top, with the title '10 steps to follow after leaving prison' . \"I think you have the wrong person, my sentence isn't over for another eight years.\" Andrew complained, he wouldn't admit it, but he felt like prison was the only thing he deserved after what had happened back in 2029. \"Nope, you're name is Andrew Hinton, correct? Your sentence has been dismissed.\", \"Dismissed?\" Andrew thought, before responding in an expressive manner \"Who would dismiss me?\". As if by routine, the staff member looked at the monitor before looking back. \"Someone named 'Peter Brooks', he's releasing you on the terms that you and him have a conversation in the room 20a-25e, it's over there in that corridor, on the third door to the left. Good day Mr. Hinton.\" Still confused, Andrew walked as told down to the room. Inside was a room larger than one would expect from a prison, large enough to fit ten school busses inside. Almost perfectly in the middle was an average-sized desk, with three chairs; one on Andrew's side, and two on the opposite side. \"Someone else other than Peter wants to be in this, but who? Sarah?\" Andrew thought, momentarilly before the door swivelled open. \"Andrew Hinton. Just who I was expecting. I see you've made a living here in prison, am I right?\" \"I deserve it Peter, you and I both know that.\" Andrew turned away from his used-to-be-companion. \"Actually, I have reason to believe that your actions on that day were justified. At the time, I was caught off guard by the way you acted- never in my time with you previously had I known you to behave in that way. So, as any curious person would normally do, I looked into your past, and boy oh boy did I find some interesting stuff.\" Andrew froze the moment Peter finished talking, knowing exactly what Peter was referring to. \"Why am I getting the feeling this is like the time the giant robot lady came in to have a talk with me about what I did.\" Andrew responded, finally adjusting to the heavy atmosphere. \"You mean BELDAM, right?\" Peter smirked, before continuing \"You didn't think I would find out about your project of yours did ya?\" Peter soon took out from behind him a beige-coloured folder and placed it on the table, large red lettering spelt the word 'Confidential'. \"Project Universe; A company founded in 1961 to promote the practicality of bridging multiple universes shortly after the theory on the topic was first proposed. Ring any bells yet? How about the construction and opening of the Actevum Earth theme park in Wyoming? A funding source in disguise as a entertainment centre maintained by an Artificial Intelligence program? Still nothing? Well then how about the use of another AI system as a prototype of the Multiverse Machine you installed on the shuttle me and ALMAT used along with the larger Multiverse Bridge used to almost bridge our world with my friends' world? HELLO THERE ANDREW, ANY OF THIS RINGING TO YOU!?\" Peter had started to shout near the end, realising this, he soon calmed down before continuing. \"Look, I think I get it now. You were so carried away with completing a project that had been going on for almost... 68 years before 2029, that you risked both worlds to complete it. Am I right?\" A long pause started, and kept going, for almost a minute. Eventually, Andrew spoke. \"Yes, that's the reason why I risked both worlds.\" His words were heavy, his tone however was soft, it seemed as if Peter had almost broken Andrew. \"I'd like you to meet a special someone Andrew, you should know who it is.\" Peter said. The door behind swivelled once more, revealing another person. \"Robert?\" Andrew spoke, Peter at that moment was looking at Andrew's son a second before, so by the time he turned back to Andrew, he could notice the tears rolling down his cheeks. Looking back at Robert, he too was also on the verge of bursting into tears. \"Oh for goodness sake just hug each other!\" Peter said alamingly, \"I'm not gonna stop you from hugging your son, Andr-.\" Faster than he could finish that sentence, Robert and Andrew had already ran up to each other and embraced. \"I still can't believe you did this dad, I was on holiday with my friend Cassandra and came back to see that you had done this!\" Robert first spoke, before Andrew followed \"I know I know. I'm a terrible father, who am I as a father to act like that when his son is not around huh?\". While they kept talking to one another, a new question started to float in Peter's mind. The information stated about Project Universe stated that at the time Andrew bridged the two worlds, 2029, the Project would've been 68 years old. However Andrew was only 48 when he did that, and 59 at the current time, but conflictingly the papers on the founding of the Project mentions Andrew Hinton at the age of 31, if this were the case then Andrew Hinton would be 90 years old, not 59. Either something was wrong or... \"If you don't mind me interrupting your thing here, Andrew may I ask, you are fourty-eight right?\" \"That is correct, why'd you ask?\" \"Because in the founding of Project Universe you're titled here at the age of thirty-one, which would make you ninety years old. Do you have an explanation for that?\" Peter asked, in a more confortable tone. However instead of answering, instead Andrew tried leaving the room. Fortunately for Peter, Andrew's son Robert was also now curious, and blocked his father from exiting. \"You can't escape this one Andrew, you might as well say it now instead of botelling it up.\" \"Peter...\" Andrew was quivering at this point, looking as if he could fall onto his knees at any moment. \"I-\" He instantly closed his mouth, Peter could tell that indeed Andrew wanted to say, but something- or someone, was stopping him. Looking through the folders in seach of an answer, Peter managed to get an extract from one of the Project Universe folders made in 1986, about the time Andrew would be about 5 years old: \"Work on the project has been stalling more and more due to a lack of funding, with part of our team having split not too many years ago, and my annoying son Ivor Hinton keeping on talking crap to me, I have no ideas on what to do right now. It seems at after all this effort and time, it was all for nothing. I feel like a fool, if I could I would punch a wall or something, problem is though if my son doesn't shut up about this 'trend' that's come into fashion I will have no choice but to punish him and make him shut up. - Andrew Hinton\" It was just the thing Peter needed to end this conflict once and for all. \"Andrew, easy does it now. I think I finally have an answer as to why you've hated dinosaurs for all this time.\" Robert immediately looked over to Peter in an flabbergasted expression. \"Dad, you hated dinosaurs? I thought you just didn't like the long words. But goodness what happened for you to hate them?\" \"His father, that's what happened.\" Peter responded, this time both Robert and Andrew looked at him in a similar way. \"Andrew Hinton founded Project Universe, along with creating a prototype-robot named similar to his name, however his son was born at the worst of times; when Project Universe was near to bankruptcy. That son's name was named 'Ivor Hinton', however that son was so interested in dinosaurs at the time, he couldn't help but talk about them all day to his father. In responce to both this and the failing of his company -slash- life's work, he lashed out onto his son, making sure that Ivor would not just stop talking about them, but also feared and hated them.\" Peter casually walked closer to Andrew. \"You're him, aren't you Andrew? Or should I say, Ivor Hinton? Your father leagally changed your name to Andrew soon after your mother died of old age, so that if you were to tell the authorities of what your father did, there would be a lot of complications and thus enough time for him to get away. Your father died not too long after Robert was born, and your father did not face any consequences for what he did to you, and for that, I'm deeply sorry for what had happened to you.\" Nothing happened for the next 30 seconds, that was until Andrew used his hands to flatten his hair enough so that one could see a long, clean scar across the top of his head. \"It was a cloudy day back then, my father came into the room as he usually did, and told me to place by back on the wall so that he could measure my height. However when I was waiting for him to say that he has finished measuring, I could feel a sharp object touch my head. Out of no where this blistering pain strikes me on the top of my head, and soon after I saw blood dripping down all over my face. He held the knife up to me and said 'this is what happens to those who keep talking nonsense, stop this dinosaur stuff now or I'll do it again, understood?' I couldn't say anything until he left the room, I tried placing my hands on my head but it stung. It took a week for the pain to go away and more for the blood to be washed out of my hair. I-... I...\" Soon enough Andrew had collapsed onto his knees. Breathing in and out so much that it was hard to tell whether or not he was having a panic attack. However, it wasn't long until he collapsed completely. Peter and Robert managed to keep him from falling face-onto the floor, and in time managed to carry him by placing his arms onto their shoulders, even a mere glance let them know that he actually passed out just from having to re-tell the event. After about ten minutes, Andrew had been placed into an ambulence and rushed over to the hospital, while Robert and Peter got into the latter's car and followed said ambulence. \"My god, I still can't believe my grand-father did that to him.\" Robert said, mostly talking to himself. \"Check that folder I placed on top, you'll wanna read it.\" Peter responded, surprising Robert. Opening it, he read along only the first paragraph before closing the folder: \"It has come to terms that I have done something terrible to my son. Unfortunately there is not much I can do for him. I did not mean to do what I did, and I feel entirely responsible for what I have done. I don't know if I'll speak to him ever again, for I am not sure how he'd respond to me, but I hope this message eventually gets to him. So if you're reading this, then I am sorry. I guess too many wrong things happened at once and I lashed it out in the wrong direction. For those who are reading this before, I ask you to send this to my son, so that he may one day forgive what I've done. I have inadvertently traumatised my son, and unlike Project Universe, I feel like it'll me past my life by the time this all ends. - Andrew Hinton\" Feeling slightly more resolved, Robert decided to lighten the mood a little. \"So I hear you have a son who's name is also Robert, correct?\" \"You're right about that! He's a great kid, I hear you've been on an adventure of your own right?\" \"That is also correct, why?\" \"In that case, I hope my son will grow up to be like you, Robert.\" Looking through the mirror, Robert could see Peter grin as they drove off, now determined to end this family conflict once and for all. Hello everyone, you might be confused as to why I've come back to this. Well it's mainly because of a project outside of fanfiction that I'm working on, and I wanted it to have some reference to this story, so in return I've made a reference of the project in this chapter. There's quite a few, and for now you won't get many of them. But once the project is done, you will probably get more of these references. Aditional Notes: This'll be the first and only BONUS chapter of this story. ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Last day at NEASA February, 2029, central San Jose. About 8 in the morning and already t"},{"Movie":"Good Dinosaur","Title":"The Good Dinosaur: Henry's Long Adventure","Author":"MegalexMaster","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11983425","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Prologue Arlo and Henry were walking alongside the river that was in between the towering mountains, the rain dripped hard on the rock whilst slapping on the leaves of nearby trees. Cloud formations of those normally seen in a forming tornado were looming over the mountains, looking as if they were about to strip the mountains from the ground itself. The flowing river was more grey, mimicking the angry clouds, and flowing down as a normal, but rough speed. \"But Poppa, what if we get lost\" Arlo asked, a tone of desperation lingered in the air when he spoke, as if this was the last place to be. \"As long as you can find the river, you can find your way home.\" Poppa Henry spoke, with both annoyance and seriousness in his voice. Arlo looked down onto the river, it was almost as if it was slowing down, or speeding up, it wasn't possible to tell which one was true. \"What do you see?\" Henry added, Arlo heard and looked around, until finding something significant of the environment; paw prints, and they were going in the direction they were. \"Uh, it's- tracks?\" Arlo answered, or guessed. A mix of both if you'd like. \"And they're washing out, we gotta move.\" Henry moved faster, the two were no longer walking together but more of a single file type. Arlo looked up as the more dense clouds were coming toward them, with lightning flashing a white-ish-blue in random intervals. As they walked, the river was in fact moving faster, with the rain also becoming heavier. \"We're loosing it.\" Henry spoke again, now moving faster than Arlo could speed walk, either he had to run on the slippery rock or be safer and walk, obviously taking the latter option. As they were moving higher above the river, the terrain was starting to become too much for Arlo, naturally he slowed down, which Henry didn't take lightly. \"Arlo, keep moving!\" Henry raised his voice for that part, Arlo started running as the lightning intensified, looking up, the cloud was shaped like an upside-down hurricane, with the only difference being that it was rotating such that the clouds were moving away form the center. A large bolt of lightning shot form the cloud down onto the mountain side, scaring Arlo enough to make him zig-zag for a second. He kept looking at the storm, unaware of where he was walking. Tripping over a rock, he grazed his knee hard into the rock, Arlo called for help, but Henry had almost phased Arlo out. \"Arlo what did I say about keep m-\" It was when Henry looked at Arlo's situation he realized he himself hadn't payed attention, watching how Arlo couldn't walk properly, the whole situation a moment ago faded. \"It's... It's okay. It's okay Arlo, I'm sorry. I just wanted you to, get through your fear. I know you have it in you.\" Henry spoke, this time much calmer than before. Arlo however couldn't see it from his father's perspective. \"But, I'm not like you.\" Arlo said softly, sounding much too tired and hurt to speak much at all. Henry took those words seriously, but when he spoke again, was in a soft kind of seriousness, rather than the annoyed seriousness of a few moments ago. \"You're me, and more.\" Another bolt of lightning flashed, making Arlo cower into a ball-like position. Looking up into the sky, Henry decided it was enough. \"I think we've gone far enough today, the storm's getting worse let's get you home.\" Henry helped Arlo up, being an assist for Arlo to walk better. All of a sudden, the river rose by about half a meter, the rain was at it's worst, and the lightning had stopped all of a sudden. \"Arlo move.\" Henry said sternly, helping Arlo get up onto roughly higher ground. Almost instantly afterwards, a loud thump, similar to that of a thunder crack, but lasting longer, erupted from upstream. But at the very corner, came what seemed to be- \"RUN ARLO!\" Henry shouted, it became clear what was coming; A wall of muddy water filled with trees and other debris, it was moving at a speed faster than any dinosaur could move at. Panicked, Arlo was almost paralyzed in shock, breathing frantically over the current situation, but then, Henry lifted Arlo as high up the bank as he could. When Arlo looked down, he suddenly knew what was going to happen. \"Poppa.\" Arlo extended his already bruised leg, as if wanting his father to use it as an assist. Instead, Henry tried climbing up the rocky bank, but misinterpreted the stiffness of the loose rock, and fell back down to where he started. \"Poopa!\" Arlo repeated, but with a more panicked and raised tone, he tried extending his arm further, but the wall of water was racing too fast for Henry to escape it. Looking at the wall of water more, it seemed to glide on top, with the water just in front being the grey, though clear water, followed quickly by the browner, churning rapid. Arlo turned around to see his father looking at it, before turning to Arlo with a very grim face. Before Arlo knew it, his father was gone. A few hours later, Arlo had started an adventure. A couple of days later, he finished it, being rewarded by his own mark. But, what if... After that, things changed... This is the story my friends... Of what happens if Henry did not die on that day. But rather, was sent on a much larger adventure of his own. This is that story. A story, of Henry's year long adventure of going back home. And it starts, on the beach. A/N: Hey guys, so a day ago(04/06/2016 for any people that come to this fanfiction a year from now) I watched this movie, and it was one of the best, though, the plot confused me. If Arlo could survive the river twice, why couldn't Henry, unless he wasn't dead at all. After a day of thinking, here's the story I came up with, and I hope you guys enjoy it with me. This chapter's a setting for the main story. This story will mostly be updated once every week, as I have exams, but once my 10 week holiday starts, well, I'm sure you'll get more frequent updates from me. That's all for now, I'll see you guys soon.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: New Environments Seeing the sand whilst laying down can look daunting, it makes the grains look more like rocks. The sea also has a weird affect on the sand if you place your ear onto it, like, a humming noise, but more noisy. The heat makes the horizon look as if it's melting, and the few clouds make nearby cliffs seemingly moving, when in reality they're not. Waves crashing nearby sound more like thunder, and the shadows of trees appear to be mini eclipses. A few rocks here and there, and the sun was rising from the sea. Henry slowly but eventually opened one of his eyes to find all of the mentioned things. The environment seemed alien to him; never seeing a beach in the morning would probably do that to one. Opening another eye, before trying to get up, much of the sand fell off whilst making a kind of sand cloud, since the grains were so fine any wind could pick up the sand. The grains that stayed on him were either large enough or was saturated by the river, since he was half in the river, half on the sand. Unfortunately, trying to get up whilst having multiple bruises, sprains, and nasty gashes is hard to do, with Henry learning this the hard way. Looking at his injuries, he knew it would take a while before he could heal, but he was also in need of food, and a beach has little vegetation. Trying again, he got further up, managing to get onto at least 2 of his feet, but he needed 3 to walk. All he could do was shuffle, giving him an idea on how to move freely; the sea, it could hold his weight. But, there was one problem, never being in deep water before, he didn't understand how to swim, he'd have to be in just the right depth of water to still find his footing on the ground. And that's what he did, with almost complete success, with the exception of one or two slip ups. Eventually, getting into the sea felt so much more relaxing, with the saltier water numbing the pain. Luckily, the beach had a stretch of flat ground that was deep enough for him to move around. After getting used to walking around in the sea for about a minute, he felt he was ready to try the land once more. And, to his surprise, he could just about limp his way around the place. \"Ah, much better.\" He could just about say, still getting used to the new environment meant that not all of his attention went to his voice. Looking around the place, the beach was pretty unique, being about 15 meters from the cliff to the sea, the sand had a shallow slope, with most of it being fine. The river was also much, much wider, about a couple of a hundred meters. Henry had caught himself in a salt bay that would be behind a spit. Walking around the area proved to be effective at easing the pain, with the exception of any heavy wind now and then that would press a little too hard on his injuries. The sun was higher, brightening the area much better, and it was already apparent that he was far from home. With ease of caution, Henry went over to the nearest, most accessible tree and ate the leaves off of it, whilst not eating any leaves that had any insects on it. The berries on the other trees looked fresh, but could also be poisonous. He thought better to not risk it as to his already damaged body, since the leaves themselves were enough to satisfy him. Afternoon, and a lot of the trees had been stripped of their leaves, it was enough for a day or two. Not all of them were stripped just so that other animals had some trees to go to that were leaf-full. Now onto finding a way back home, well, that was the easy part; the river was right there. The hard part was getting over the cliff, which was higher than Henry himself, the rock was weak, but it wasn't your average dirt material that you could carve with the top of your head. No, it was a harder rock, almost chalk like. Henry's feet were too dull to take much of the rock out of the cliff, and using teeth to try and get chunks either ended in getting chalk stuck or the chunks turned out to be too small. Lastly, the tail, that usually worked with trees, that were much harder than dirt. But here, it's not a meter thick wood tree, but an area of chalk. So it would come as to no surprise that hitting a cliff with a whip-like tail would only do harm to the tail, and not the cliff. Wincing only slightly, he knew better than to try again, it would only make things worse. All methods that would normally accomplish everything back home seemed pointless and wasteful here, there wasn't much to do. But, he tried to do something else: explore the place to see any opportunities. Over to the left of where he started, there wasn't much, some long, dead trees laying next to the cliff, and some boulders. Over on the right were some more dead trees, though this time they had vine-like plants covering them. Now, what could one do with that? Hmm, the vines looked pretty thick, enough to hold a tree in mid air. One might of used these things to make a way up, Henry used them to make some tools that could destroy the cliff. A battering ram was the first, this proved ineffective, though some small chunks of chalk fell from the top. Next was using the rocks and the trees with vines to make a sharp-edged tool, using it with his mouth, it did in fact prove effective, but the only downside it would take days to shape the cliff by a substantial amount. Final option, since he had used most of the materials on the other options. This one used the last of the rocks and trees to make a ramp up half the cliff, from there he could climb up the other half. Getting his footing on the ramp, it shifted slightly, but held up. Half way up the ramp, and it shifted more, a sign that he had to move quickly. He got to the top of the ramp, and it was definitely high enough for him to climb the rest of the way through. Getting to the top, he heard the ramp fall down, it didn't really matter if it was still there anyways. \"Well then, that was a bit of a hassle.\" He said to himself. \"It sure was.\" Another voice said, startling him for a second before he realized what it was. Looking down, he could see a smaller dinosaur, it was a medium sized ankylosaur, with a brown top and a more browner head. It was less than half the size of Henry, but he knew that this thing could easily take him down with it's tail. \"Why hello there, uh.\" \"It's Arlie, and you are?\" Arlie asked in a very soft feminine voice. \"The name's Henry.\" Henry responded casually, though with a bit of seriousness, which Arlie could make out. \"Well, you finally learnt how to get up a cliff in what? 4 minutes? Normally it would take one to do it in 30 seconds so, you're definitely not from around here. You're also covered in bruises, some of which will scar a little, so by that I can say you went down at least 100 miles of river. By the way you woke up and how eager you were to get up here I can tell you're trying to get back home, which would be against the river current. And by the way you're looking at me, well, I think you're gonna ask how I can analyse things so well\" She said calmly, it took about 20 seconds before Henry spoke again. \"Hmm, how in tarnation did you do that?\" Henry asked, confusion was at its highest. \"It's simple for me, I've had a pretty hard life, so I learned to over analyse things. You're probably wondering how your family is feeling, since I've seen that look.\" She said, still calm. Henry knew this one could spot a lie a mile off, and it was best not to mess with her. \"Well, thanks, I guess, I should get goin- \"Hang on a moment, are you? Yes you are! Alright, I'm coming with you.\" She said, her sudden excitement startling Henry for a split second. \"Can I ask what are you talking about?\" \"You don't know, there's a rumor going around about you, a large dinosaur that went to find his home, seeking adventures and conquering carnivores and critters and much more. They say he is fearless over anything that stands in his way, and that nothing could stop him. I can see all that in you, you seem to be pretty absent of fear, and you're big enough to be nearly unstoppable. I mean, you had some creative ideas for your first time being at the beach.\" She said, the way she described this dinosaur seemed unfamiliar to Henry, but he soon found it problematic if he told her either of the truth or that he was in fact this dinosaur. \"Well, if it makes you feel any better, I actually am that dinosaur. Though, I'm much more excited about this adventure, just that I haven't seen this place.\" Henry lied, she eyed him, and he did his best to look innocent. \"Hmm, okay. I believe you- for now. But, if I find out you're lying...\" She then used her tail to swipe 10 trees down in a single blow, with birds scattering everywhere. \"You know what I'm capable of, let that be a warning. All right, since you don't know where you are, I can help you along the way, and, once I trust you, I might go along further back to your home to make sure you do get there.\" She said sternly at first, transitioning to a more calm tone half way. She walked forward slightly, indicating that it was time to start moving. They walked along the riverside as Arlie observed how bad Henry's injuries were. \"While we're on our way, we can find some things to help you heal better, that should make things easier for you.\" \"Thanks Arlie, you know, your name sounds a lot like my son's name.\" Henry acknowledged. \"Oh really? My first guess would be Arlo, since that's really the only boys name that's similar to mine.\" She knew she was right as soon as she looked back to Henry. \"Why yes Arlie, you are correct, as always I guess.\" Henry replied. \"So tell me what this Arlo of you're is like, is he courageous as you are?\" Arlie asked with excitement starting to grow. \"Actually no, he's quite the opposite, he's scared of a lot of things, but I always have faith in him, no matter... what happens. You got any sons, daughters, or siblings of your own?\" Henry asked. \"No, I've never had a partner, and I'm an only child so yeah. I just roam around here in search of a better life, my past was... quite, the bumpy ride. But I am starting to think things are turning around for me.\" She explained, her voice a bit of a lower, more serious tone, but got higher and more casual near the end. \"Well, I hope your life gets better, you just got to look for the right opportunity.\" \"Yeah, thanks for the advice. So, do you have more than one kid, or even siblings or yourself.\" \"I don't really like to think much about my siblings, they never really liked me that much before we parted. And yes, my son does have siblings; two to be more exact, one sister named Libby, she's always such a sneak. And he's got a brother: Buck, he's a lot braver and tougher than Arlo, once he scared him by pretending to have been killed by chickens, wasn't too happy to see him do that.\" Henry explained, with Arlie being observant of every word. \"It sounds like this Arlo is the runt of the pack- no offence, just saying. I can see that you take a lot of effort into taking care of Arlo, since most creatures around here like to ditch the ones that can't prepare for the unknown. But, there again, you said he was afraid of chickens? I've never heard that one before, did anything happen at birth?\" Arlie questioned. \"Why, yeah, Arlo was born in the biggest egg. After Buck came out, me and Ida watched, ready for Arlo to be born. Buck came around and hit the egg with some stick three times before we got him away, but it didn't matter so much. The top half of the egg opened up, but there seemed to be nothing inside. We eventually found Arlo at the bottom; he was that small, he seemed pretty shy of us two at first, but with a little trust he got out in the en- why are you looking at me like that?\" Henry only just noticed that Arlie was looking at him in a deeply observant way. \"Something wrong?\" Henry asked again. \"Yeah, though, I can't tell you yet, it's not the right time with your condition, now lets find you something to help with those cuts.\" Arlie said, the two waled nearer to the river slowly, and a bit more friendly to each other. A/N: Hey guys, Megalex here. Sorry if there's not much in this one, the first two is meant to set the rest of the story, the first chapter telling where it branches off from the movie, and this one actually getting the story going. I actually made the plot and this chapter in one day, so if the plot doesn't feel right that maybe why, though, I'm getting more ideas about what the second half should have in it, so that's something. I found this chapter to be quite decent, so I may actually get another chapter in by tomorrow, but no promises for now. Oh and a little disclaimer: Henry and the other characters that come form the movie are not owned by me, it's part of yensi- I mean Disney![Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Ready up! Arlie and Henry were just coming down closer to the river banks, with some debris stuck to the sides made of trees and twigs and all sorts of rock. The young ankylosaur observed the debris \"Hmm, my guess is that these logs and stuff came with you. What happened? Some kind of a flood?\" Arlie asked reasonably. \"Something like that.\" Henry said quickly, he didn't really want to talk about that moment, but Arlie continued. \"You know, not a lot of animals would survive a flood that made it this far, I guess that makes you lucky. So then, was anyone there with you?\" Henry responded coarsely \"Arlo, of course, I gave him a simple task to do and he couldn't do it, so I took him to finish the job, but the flood came and I managed to lift him up to higher ground in time. I don't know if he made it either.\" Henry explained, getting anxious over the situation. \"Well, you most likely did, that or he either got washed out into that ocean, or managed to get to the side of the river before you did. But I can see you're uncomfortable with this topic, so how exactly do you think you'll get back after I leave you to it?\" Arlie asked calmly. \"I'll just try my best to find a way back home. What ever it takes I'll do it eventually.\" \"No, you won't make it with that in mind. You got to observe the environment, try to keep to the river so you won't get too lost. Ah, here's something that'll help.\" Arlie exclaimed, the was talking about the same berries Henry found earlier. \"Aren't they poisonous?\" Henry asked. \"They're pretty bad if you eat them directly, but they help numb the pain and heal any cuts and gashes better. You know, you're pretty weird for an Apatosaurus, you seem to be too fearless, and a bit stubborn for your kind.\" Arlie explained in a serious tone. Henry scuffed the ground \"I guess a lot has happened in my life too. They must think I'm dead or something.\" \"Who wouldn't, a flood would normally kill someone. Although, if you are the dinosaur everyone's talking about, then I don't think they'll worry too much. Okay, every gash and cut are covered, I can take it off in a few hours. Now, lets get moving.\" Arlie ordered, Henry followed her along side the river, which was flowing toward them. On the horizon were a couple of mountains, none of which looked like Clawtooth. The environment became more full of grass, with little trees around, one distinct tree was oddly shaped, with the main trunk split in two before coming back together. In other words there was a hole in it, however it wasn't weak at all, the bark was a soft beige colour, and the leaves were pale. \"We could rest here for a while, besides, if any rain comes this'll be the only shelter that can cover both of us at the same time.\" Arlie said, before a clap of thunder sounded from the left. It was a tall, massive cloud with a distinctive flat bottom, and as it came closer the winds started to pick up. Rain soon followed by, with most of the rain being blocked by the tree, however some drops did make it through in regular intervals, which quickly became annoying. \"It's better than nothing, at least.\" Henry sighed, before looking at the storm more closely. Now that it was closer, it had one thing that seemed familiar; the middle had a hole through it, with winds being at their highest this seemed to have a similar pattern to the storm that was over him and Arlo. In fact it was almost identical, the lightning was being produced more rapidly, and the wind was so great it started to shake the tree. \"Do you think this tree can survive this?\" Henry asked. \"Trust me, this tree has experienced more than a mild thunderstorm.\" Arlie was behind Henry, so she couldn't see what it was actually like. \"Well, take a look at that then.\" Henry ordered, using his tail to push Arlie so that she could see it better. Arlie widened her eyes \"Oh my, it's not safe here. We need to get away from the tree now!\" She shouted, meaning that she knew what this storm could do. Both of them ran from the tree, with Henry taking it slightly slower than Arlie. Looking back, the tree was bending much greater, before a bolt of lightning went straight through it, causing the middle of the tree to explode, before falling down to the ground. \"So much for shelter, right? Henry, for your safety lower your head so that it's level to me. That lightning will hit the tallest object nearby, so having your head up there will make you an easy target for it.\" She advised, Henry lowered his head, a bit uncomfortable considering his long neck, but it's better than being struck by lightning. They walked further along the river side as the downpour only worsened, the lightning was so intense and bright they had to squint momentarily after one struck close by. Soon however, they noticed a large wave travelling along the river, and when it got past them, they could see all the debris in there. \"That there is what it looked like, only about three times as high and ten times as fast. You seen anything like it Arlie?\" Henry asked. \"Only recently, this is the third time now. It's weird, it's like the whole place is changing for the worst. But it's best not to think of it like that, maybe it's gonna be a harsh and early winter, or it could be that we didn't have enough rain for months now, who knows?\" Arlie said, Henry knew he had to get home in time for the first snow, since his family would have to work harder to get all the corn in before so. \"Look, I don' wanna rush and all, but I need ta get home, and pretty fast.\" Henry said roughly. \"I know, you have a family to get back to, I get that. But, unless someone else later on can tell you where to go after I go, then you're not gonna be getting home that fast. I wouldn't be surprised if I find you again all lost and such.\" Arlie spoke, she clearly had a point. However, there was no one to turn to for now. It was getting dark again, with the sun setting over the many hills and mountains. The sky had gone from a bright blue to a crisp yellow, getting orange nearer to the sun. \"We should keep moving through the night, there's not many predators come at this time.\" Arlie advised. Henry argued \"Okay, I don't see why you do have to come with me. I just got to follow the rive- \"Listen, it's not that easy, there might be a landslide that closes the river. Or you might find yourself stuck in the mountains up there. I know you've been up terrain like this, but it's... different, out here.\" Arlie said, moving a piece of wood out of the way. \"How so?\" Henry asked curiously. \"Lets just say some creatures here are smarter than you think, they could easily kill someone if they're in the right position at the wrong time. So that's why I'm helping you, so you don't fall into one of these traps.\" Arlie explained. \"And just what makes you think we're not in one already? Huh?\" Henry asked, caution as of it's top priority around here. Arlie glanced at Henry in amusement \"Good question, sort of good answer. I've learned a lot about what each trap is, and found a pattern in it all. However, that doesn't stop them from going out of that pattern.\" The night went by seemingly quickly, the sun rose without a cloud to cover it. Henry and Arlie were now halfway up one of the mountains. The rocks were smoothed out, with little to no cracks in them. The other mountains in the distance had similar white caps at to Clawtooth, only these mountains were much higher in comparison. Henry felt that it was too quiet around, and so spoke \"So, you ever been up these mountains?\" \"Quite often actually, mainly to get a good view of the scenery, well, that and to have fun with my friend.\" Arlie answered. \"Friend?\" Something fell onto Hnery's back, catching him by surprise so much he fell sideways, luckily the path was wide enough that he didn't go over the edge. \"What the- who are you and why did you do that?\" Henry asked, slightly annoyed by the awkward entrance. The small Dryosaur turned to Henry \"Sorry for the inconvenience. I'm used to landing on the ground and not some green dinosaur, no offence by the way. My name is Benjamin, Ben for short. You've probably met my friend Arlie, and you are?\" \"My name is Henry, and I'm on my way back home.\" Henry explained. \"This one was swept down the river pretty far, managed to find him near the coast. He's quite... creative with climbing small cliffs.\" Arlie added, before chuckling at her statement, Henry got back up before looking at Ben closely. The Dryosaur was about the same size as Arlie, but smaller in length. It had stern legs that could be used for running at high speed, and it had a slim but scaly head. \"Well, it's a pleasure to meet you Henry. It seems you're in the sticky situation.\" Ben laughed, with Henry only now realizing that he was in mud. \"Don't mind him, he likes to joke around a lot. Once you get to know him he's a pretty swell guy.\" Arlie suggested. The three walked down the mountain to the bottom to find a dense forest, packed with low, medium, and high trees. The space between each tree was so small that not even the ankylosaur could get through. \"Should we go around?\" Arlie suggested, but the other two had other options. Ben started \"I can quickly go through the forest to let you know what's on the other side, if it's anything that's progress then we'll have to go through.\" \"That won't work, plus it would take too long even with your speed. We don't know how large this forest could be. Yes Henry, I haven't been down here before, although Ben here has explored further than here. But this forest is quite new, so who knows.\" Arlie explained. \"You know I can pick up trees, right?\" Henry asked, the other two just looked at him, so he added \"What? Too soon?\" Henry chucked before lowering his head, biting down on one of the trees before taking it by the roots, lifting it up and throwing it across into the nearby river. After about an hour or so, they managed to clear a straight-ish path through the entire forest. \"Well, I've bit down on trees a lot of times. But after that, I don't think I'll be doing that for a while, the taste in them is really strong.\" Henry complained. Arlie lifted one of her feet and pointed toward the massive plains biome \"You don't have to for a while. No trees in front for at least 4 miles. Now lets get going!\" Arlie said with excitement, the others followed her down the hill toward the plains. On the other side of the plains however, they didn't know what was coming, or could expect it either. Turns out I did in fact make another chapter in time. And it turns out that I only have a certain amount of time at school, so who knows what to expect, heck, even the trio don't know what to expect. Anyways, I hope you guys enjoy the story so far, let me know how you feel about it, and if there's mistakes you notice, or some improvements that could be made, you can always PM me or review. Oh, I thought I might say this now, but I plan to do about a minimum of 2000 words for each chapter, which is awesome considering that in my last series I set a minimum of 1000 words, so you get to see double the words in one chapter! That means hopefully more detail for each scene and even more/better descriptions of character that (may) come later into this story. I'm rambling again aren't I? Anyways, I'll see you all next week! Disclaimer : Arlie and Ben are the only characters that are owned by me, all of the other characters you see in this chapter are owned by Disney(Pixar) and belong to the film 'The Good Dinosaur'. If you haven't already watched the movie yet, then you should probably do so, as there's already spoilers in this story, plus it's a pretty awesome movie to watch.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Events of the Shadows A long distance away from where Henry, Arlie, and Ben were, Arlo sat at the river side near the farm. It had been a week since he got back, and ever since he did the farming just, didn't feel the same. He had the endurance of plowing a field, and the strength to cut down the trees, at least up to a certain girth, and the chickens, well, they didn't bother him anymore. Looking at Clawtooth Mountain, the 3 peaks didn't seem to be as monstrously massive as of before, the white caps had grown downwards, signalling that winter was coming around. The river flowed by nicely, but it seemed, shallower than usual. The river was also moving much slower, now at a snails pace, it seemed to look so calm. \"Arlo?\" A masculine voice behind him called out, he knew instinctively that it was Buck calling for him, as there were no other males in the family other than Arlo himself. Arlo turned his head and indeed confirm what it was Buck, who was walking at a regular speed toward him. \"Hey Buck, how's the farming?\" Arlo wondered, he hadn't been farming for about two hours throughout the day. Buck came closer as he said \"We've been slowing down since it's coming up to winter, and we're just about finished. But, I want to say something to you Arlo.\" Arlo frowned in confusion \"Yeah? what is it?\" Buck merely sighed before continuing. \"I'd like to say that I'm real sorry for all the jokes I did on you, I realise that I was making you more scared of the things around you, and I saw that you were pretty confident before I scared you with the chicken tail. I just don't know how to repay for those things.\" Suddenly realizing what Buck was saying, Arlo stood back up and walked over. \"I don't really want anything anyways, thanks for apologizing to me. Though, now I look back on it, it seemed pretty embarrassing to be fooled by all those things, they seem pretty funny jokes. You know, I had something that I got whilst I was gone, but I got it lost in that tree there. It's too high up, but I know you can get up there with ease. You wouldn't mind, would you?\" Arlo questioned. Buck looked at the tree he pointed to and found something that wasn't there before; a large, ball of leaves that was stuck in the tree. \"That? Sure thing Arlo.\" Buck said cheerfully, before starting to climb up the tree, meanwhile, Arlo watched with a little smirk as Buck got close to grabbing the ball. And just when Buck was close to getting a grip of it, Arlo shouted \"NOW!\" Buck was confused for a split second, before looking back to find the ball explode, with Libby coming out and screaming at him. All of this made Buck himself yell out, before accidentally falling down to the ground. Buck was surprised that that Arlo and Libby had teamed up with each other, before asking \"Arlo? Libby? You set this whole thing up?\" looking at the two others, who were both laughing at Buck's confusion as well as his reaction. The sound of the river had quietened down all of a sudden, which Arlo picked up over all the laughing. Looking at the river, it was nearly dried out, as the river was only an inch high by now. Buck and Libby had also noticed Arlo and where he was looking at. \"We should tell Momma.\" The three said, smiling at how that said it at the same time. After about a minute of talking to their mother, she stopped doing her work and went to see. \"You know, the river doesn't normally just stop running, it's a river, and that's what rivers are supposed to... suppose to, uuh.\" She had found that the river was completely dried up before she could finish her sentence. The 3 young ones looked from the mountains to the outskirts, and the river was dry all the way, which they had never experienced in their entire lives. \"Have you seen this before?\" Libby asked, the mother looked at them with a grim face. \"Alright kids, we have a new task to start, you see that part of the mountains at the bottom?\" She gestured to the bottom of the mountains, where the river started going in between them. She looked back, before continuing \"Remember that one time Buck when you wanted to block the river for fun? Well, we're gonna block that river with all the things we have here.\" She announced, the trio looked at her in confusion. Buck spoke first \"Wait, what?\" \"I don't understand, why are we doing this?\" Libby was the next to speak, though with a lighter and more questioning tone. Arlo was the final one to speak, as always. \"Momma, you've seen this before?\" \"I'm afraid so, it's just that, the last time I did, I was bout your height Arlo. Shall we start building, I'll tell you all about it tonight when it's dark, but for now, we need to make a blockage for that river.\" Their mother said, they were still confused, but at least they would get their explanation for this sudden task. Arlo cut down a fairly big tree with his tail, with the distinct creaking of it falling over before a sudden thud when it hit the ground. Buck used his jaw to grab hold and move it toward the area where the damn would be built, since the river wasn't there to wash the trees away it was easier to place them down. Libby was tasked with using some old vines that were in the outside woods to hold the trees together. The four apatosaurus worked together over the rest of the day, creating a dam that was as high as the river. But they were told that it wasn't nearly half way done. Nighttime fell into place, and the three had set up some of the larger logs to use as seats, with a fire in the middle made by a recent storm that went by a couple of hours prior. They waited for their mother to arrive, but the wind had soon picked up enough for the fire to start going out. \"Darn it, that was a good light source. Ah well, maybe the moon will rise and shine light then.\" Buck kept his hopes up, the dark was still a place to worry about for all of them. Their mother soon responded \"The moon isn't going to rise tonight, it's been a long time since I had seen the river dry up, and I think it's time to tell you about it.\" Out of the dark, a light green bloom of light appeared form the grass, Arlo soon recognized it to be the light bugs that his father had shown him a while ago. However, Libby and Buck had never seen them before, and were awe-inspired by their soft light. The area where they were sitting had been light up by these things, but the four only had so long until the light bugs would stop lighting up. \"Now, before we begin, is there any questions that don't relate to this?\" None of the three said anything, until Arlo spoke up. \"Momma, when you said the moon wasn't going to ri- \"I know it might sound crazy to you lot, but the moon not coming out is related to the sudden disappearance of the river water. Allow me to explain...\" Many, many years ago, when i was but a young one like you lot, I was the bravest out of the bunch I had, I had placed my mark on the older silo before the others, and I wasn't afraid of much at all. But I didn't have anything you guys have, friends. None of my siblings liked me, jealous or not, no one would play games or run around the fields with me, I felt alone. That was, until one day, the river had dried up, I was curious, but I was always told to not go into the river. \"Ugh, not again, come on guys, lets build a dam.\" My father told us, like you three, I and the others were confused, but we helped anyways. However, over the following days things were getting stranger, not only was the dam exceptionally big for the river, but our parents were making a wall of trees and grass around the old farm. We were starting to fight over what was happening, and about who should do what, and eventually, I was kicked out from building the main dam. However, my mothe r insisted that they needed help on the walls, so I helped them on that part. A day later, and we had finished, albeit still confused. I went down to the walls, wondering what their use was, so, I decided to climb up the old farm to have a better look at the surroundings. Climbing it was easy, however getting down was hard, I was at the top, and there was no significance of the walls and the dam. But then, the day went dark, as if it was already night time. But, my siblings, and my parents, they were looking at me, or so I thought. I wondered if there was something behind me, like something was out to get me, and I looked. But there was nothing wrong, until that is, I looked slightly up in the sky. The sun was blocked by something, it seemed like it, the sun was getting smaller and smaller, darker and darker. After a while, it was nearly completely covered, when a loud rumbling sound, like that of a large wave, was coming from the mountains. From the top I could see the wall of water heading straight for the dam, and then it hit, it hit with such a force the entire dam shook. It held in place, and I had to admit, my siblings had done good on the dam. \"It won't old.\" My father spoke, and sure enough, the river was starting to overflow. And it didn't help that a massive booming noise was sounding form behind the mountain, it sounded like half of the mountain had moved. But that's when I and the others could see a larger wave coming over the dam, thus the dam itself broke, the amount of water that got into the river, before starting to over flow, was horrendous. The sun was blocked completely, I had forgotten about it for a while and looked back to see just a ring of light stretching outwards. The walls around the dam finally showed their purpose, as everything in the area but the farm was flooding. And then, an even louder, and longer lasting rumble came from the mountains, the loudest sounds ever heard to anyone echoed throughout, and the largest wave to come from the river. It rolled toward the farm, and everyone was starting to worry. My siblings got onto the farm roof with the help of our parents. But the wave crashed through the walls, the place flooded, collapsing most of the walls of the farm. Luckily, the roof itself was made of wood, and could float on the water. It took about a minute more before the sun shone back, and the water started to slow down. Throughout the rest of the day, the water had been cleared up, with the river flowing in the right direction again. The farm had to be reduced in size, with the corn fields completely destroyed. Our silo had also been knocked down due to the flood, but was easily built back within the next few days. \"You see kids, I fear that this event is coming again. Which is why I asked you to build a dam, but we need to make the dam higher than it is now, and maybe as an extra, make a wall around the farm, that old fence that's falling apart was where the old walls were made. Hopefully this one wont be as bad.\" Ida had finished, with mixed emotions between the three, they were speechless, that was, for a moment. Arlo came around \"So, a dam is what's needed, we'll make that dam for you in no time.\" \"I would disagree Arlo, for you see, I had five siblings. And you only have two, however, that does not stop me from having hope in you lot. I will mainly be building the walls again, but I know you three can make a fine dam. It's getting late, we need to go back.\" She advised, they all returned just as the last light bug faded into darkness. Henry, Arlie, and Ben had crossed the plains biome during half of the day. Henry was growing tired after not resting for 2 days straight, but they would do so when the sun went down. \"Cheer up Henry, we both know they can make it with or without you.\" Arlie reassured, Henry was not buying it. Ben soon followed \"Yeah, I mean, why don't we play a game to pass off the time? Hmm, how about hide and se- \"May I remind you that I'm a massive apatosaurus, so if I were to hide I would be seen, and I can easily turn my neck around corners to find you easier.\" Henry said in annoyance. \"Wow, nice going Mr. Buzz-kill. How about crocodile whisper-\" \"Sorry Ben, but I'm not that good at that game.\" Arlie said straight. Ben was running out of ideas, and things were awkward as it is. \"Okay, one more try, how about a game of 'I found'?\" \"I found?\" Henry asked. \"I never heard of that game.\" Arlie added. \"You two never heard of it, okay, I'll have my go first. I found with my little eye, something beginning with, C. Now, you two have to guess what it is around there that starts with C, the winner gets their turn.\" Ben explained, Henry looked around the area but could not find anything to begin with C. That was, until Arlie answered. \"Oh, it's 'clouds', right?\" Ben looked over to Arlie in excitement. \"Congratulations, you guessed right. Now it's your turn.\" \"Hmm, I found, with my tedious eye, something beginning with G.\" Ben spoke almost instantly \"Is it 'grass'?\" \"No, sorry, it's not grass. Henry, what do you think it is?\" Arlie asked. Henry searched and searched, but anything that could start with G was either not there or seemed too easy, as he remembered Arlie was good at finding the details. \"Are we allowed hints?\" Henry questioned, to which Ben nodded. Arlie rolled her eyes \"Okay, here's a riddle based on what it makes: What has roots as nobody see; is taller than trees; up, up it goes, and yet it never grows?\" Arlie said, starting to get annoyed. Henry couldn't make out an answer for that riddle. It was taller than trees, but it never got any taller. It was then he realized, it was a mountain . But what makes up a mountain, that was easy, rocks. \"Is it a type of rock?\" Henry asked. To which Arlie nodded is a slight amount of shock. But what type of rock starts with G? gravel would be too weak, gabbro was too complicated of a name. Of course, it was Granite! \"I got it, it's granite!\" Arlie responded \"Why yes Henry, you are correct. I think this game is getting boring. Henry, you have the final turn.\" Henry looked everywhere to find something hidden or something they wouldn't guess. But then, he noticed the clouds, they were they type that produced not rain, but rather snow. Henry looked back down, before responding \"Okay then, I found, with my, uh, little eye, something beginning with S.\" Henry thought it would take Arlie about a millisecond before she guessed, but none of them could guess right. That was, until the snow fell down. \"Henry, since when did you know those were snow clouds? \" Arlie questioned. Henry smiled, before replying \"Well Arlie, I need to know at my farm when it is best to go out and do the work, if it starts to snow we get as much of the crops in before it falls, I can't believe the first snow is this early.\" Looking at Ben, he realized he said something wrong, but what exactly he couldn't tell. \"Um, I don't know if you knew this already, but the first snow started around 8 days ago. You did know, didn't you?\" Arlie asked grimly, but Henry was only just absorbing it. Henry lifted his head up in anger \"You mean to tell me that I have been away from home for over a week! That I have only woken up after about, what, 6 days of being unconscious? That I'm that far from home!? \" Arlie and Ben started to worry over what Henry might do next. \"Henry, I know you're pretty mad over this, but don't blame it in me or my friend. I only got to you about an hour before you woke up, and Ben has only been with us for today. Just please, don't be- wait a moment.\" Arlie had forgotten about her spiky tail, using it, she lifted it as high into the air as she could, before whacking it down onto the ground. Suddenly, the ground shook, not just where they were, but the air and the trees from miles away seemed to move. A wall of fine snow was heading their way; it was a blizzard, the biggest of them all. Arlie, Henry and Ben were now occupied in finding shelter, but they now had about a meter of vision in front before the snow fully blocked their view. Henry could only hear muffled voices compared to the cold howling of the snow, which started to lay a thick blanket of snow on his back. Henry looked around in search of his friends, calling out in every direction their names. But no one called back. After a few more minutes of blizzard, the snow started to ease. It got lighter and was getting easier to see further, but things were still white. The temperature had dramatically dropped, and the ground was both smoother and colder. But in the end, when the snow finally faded, he could see Arlie and Ben, they were only a few meters apart, but that wasn't what made the two worried. Looking down, Henry realized that they were all standing on ice, and what made it worse, was that they were out in the middle of a large lake. A/N: So, Arlo and his family are tasked to build a dam before a flood happens, and Henry and his friends are stuck on a lake after a blizzard. I probably wouldn't expect that either. But yeah, I wanted to have a subplot so it wouldn't feel flat, however I'm having mixed feelings over how the sub plot and the main plot will come together, so I'm going to do a couple more chapters and see if it's flowing good or bad. Sorry if the subplot felt sudden, that's my fault I guess for having it the first thing in a chapter. But anyways, I hope you liked, or maybe even enjoyed the chapter. Please give a review/PM so I can find a way to fine tune the story a little more, and if a review/PM is helpful enough, I might give out a 5 sentence preview of the next chapter. I'll see you guys in the next chapter, bye for now :D Disclaimer (for those who absolutely need it) : The only thing I own are the OC's Arlie the Ankylosaur and Ben the Dryosaur, all other characters belong to Disney's Pixar and it's amazing movie ' The Good Dinosaur'.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Situations of the Icy Past The three were in the middle of an icy lake, where the ice seemed thick enough to hold them all. Arlie and Henry had to squint, due to the blinding snow, where as Ben could adjust to the white lake. The lake itself was at least 300 meters (984 feet) wide. Gentle slops surrounded the area, with a distant mountain visible from the middle. However, from time to time, deep creaking noises echoed, as the sound bounced from the hills. There was no river that branched out of the lake, so it was most definite that they drifted away from the river when the blizzard blocked their vision. \"Henry, don't move. No offense but your weight could break a portion of the ice you're standing on.\" Arlie warned, however Henry took, though slowly, two steps in Arlie's direction. The creaking only got louder, however no cracks appeared, so it was safe to walk along, just very slowly. Arlie had to keep her tail from naturally hitting the ground form time to time, as the spikes would puncture all the way through. And Ben had it most difficult, who couldn't even stand on two legs without falling. \"Arlie, I just wanna say that I'm sorry for how I acted a moment ago, I just couldn't believe that I am this far form home.\" Henry apologized, Arlie glanced at him momentarily. \"I know, it's stressful, just next time don't take it out on us, okay?\" Arlie suggested, Henry nodded in response. Ben added \"Can one, or both of you help me here?\" The others smirked, before Arlie helped Ben get onto Henry's back. \"This is only temporary, I'll drop you off when we get out of here.\" Henry smiled, before they continued to walk. The creaking and groaning of the ice was putting pressure on the lot. After about 10 minutes, they were nearing the edge of the lake, they had a problem or two where the ice shifted, but no cracks meant that they could continue. The ice was thicker at the edges so they didn't have to worry too much about the ice breaking there, so they were out of the lake about 2 minutes afterwards. When they got up the slope and briefly stopped, Henry suddenly tilted his back to his right, making Ben fall down onto the ground. Before Ben could argue, Henry interrupted \"I told you it was temporary, you should have watched your back.\" Ben was surprised to hear Henry make a pun, but realizing what the pun meant he continued to walk. \"Uh huh, so now you're the pun master? I got a bunch for y- \"It's not time for puns guys, we need to keep moving like Henry said. If we do not, there may be worse storms to come.\" Arlie warned, as the three walked further in search of the river, they failed to realise that a dip in the ground was actually the dried up river. After a few more hours, nightfall was starting to rise. Looking at the sun, which was going down, Arlie knew that they had to take a break \"Okay you two, I think we've been awake for long enough. It's time to rest up for the night, yes Henry, even an efficient one like me needs some rest from time to time.\" Arlie calmly said whilst knowing what Henry was going to say. Henry shivered at how well she could make out what one was thinking. After a few hours, a time where sound was absent, Henry woke up to find it being the middle of the night, but without no moon he could barely see anything around him. Minding where he stepped, he walked about a couple of meters from where the others were before lights emerged from the grass. Walking further, he made sure that the others were asleep by turning his head. \"Oh wow, you know about these too?\" It was Ben, who had also woken up \"Don't worry, she's sound asleep, lets move a bit more away so the light doesn't wake her.\" Ben added, the two walked further, though made sure they weren't too far. Henry responded \"So, what made you come out here?\" which caught Ben by surprise, \"You know, I was gonna ask you, I've been restless for days now. We can't find the river which isn't good, though I have a feeling we crossed it.\" \"Wait, we never crossed a river a-\" \"No, I mean, the river could of dried up, it normally does around here. I'm not sure, but it's something to put out there at least. Any ways, I'm sure we'll find it. So uh, why did you come out?\" Ben asked, Henry sighed before responding. Lifting his head higher, he spoke \"The odd bad thought here and there, sometimes even really bad memories. Though I'm not bothered by them, just merely uncomfortable.\" However Ben was more confused than satisfied. \"Weird that you put 'bad memories' and 'not bothered' in the same line. I've never heard of someone who doesn't acknowledge a bad memory, since that's exactly what they're supposed to do. So, these bad memories, anything specific?\" Ben soon knew his wording was off putting, as he saw Henry change face for a split second. Clearing his throat, Henry responded \"Well, I- Uh. You know, I don't think it's the proper time to say this, maybe in the morning?\" \"Oh come on, I can tell you one of mine. I had a bad memory of my family leaving me in the night, though something was different about this one, I saw the sun being, well, blocked out. After that I woke up to find you walking off form us two. Now, onto you...\" Ben gestured, but Henry didn't know what to say, or even how to start saying, a thought process that even Ben could see. \"What is it? Was it abou-\" \"I don't know where you got that moment of the sun being blocked, but don't mention it in front of me again.\" Henry interrupted sternly, looking away from Ben, who knew he hit a nerve, but continued. \"I know it's something along with that? Your family?\" He said quietly, Henry started running away from Ben, who looked back at where Arlie was, before catching up quickly with Henry, both of them leaving a trail of light-bugs behind them. Ben was worried, and so spoke \"Henry, we've got to go back to Arlie, she'll be dead worried to see us gone all of a sudden. I can tell you have memories that scar one's life, but you don't have to worry about them any mo-\" Ben was interrupted in shock when Henry suddenly jumped high into the air, before landing down with a loud booming sound, a deepening sound echoed all around the valley whilst a wave of light-bugs radiated from where he stood. Henry didn't look back at Ben, but spoke grimly with his his head down in that of being in shame. \"Sometimes I would agree with you, Benjamin. Other times however, I would most certainly not. If you were to know what I know now, you would think of me as something much darker than what you see of me now. I know if I were to tell you of that day you and Arlie would see me as someone else entirely. I know that if Arlie were to know about this she would ask me until I spill it out, a thing which I will only do when I die. So don't tell her of what I said, okay? *sigh* I don't wish to speak anymore of this Benjamin, so good night.\" Henry turned back without looking at Ben, no light-bugs lit up where he walked and the ones that glowed earlier had dimmed dramatically. Ben couldn't help but think, what could possibly make Henry, one of the most kindest, wisest dinosaurs he seen so far, act like that ? He needed to tell Arlie without Henry hearing about it. Tomorrow, that's when he would do it, but he needed rest for now. Walking back slow was a first for him, he was used to his natural speed, but after what happened in the last few minutes, he didn't want to catch up with Henry. The next day, the three decided to take a left turn, to hopefully find the river again. Henry was walking slower than Arlie and Ben, much to Arlie's surprise. She soon however noticed that Ben wasn't giving the same emotion of surprise. And so she went up to him closely so that Henry couldn't hear anything they said. Ben looked to Arlie in an expression that says 'I know something he doesn't want you to know', which made her confused the more so. \"So, what is it?\" She whispered, looking back, Henry was looking down onto the ground, not really paying much attention to the two. Ben sighed before speaking, \"He's pretty glum from what happened last night, we woke up and I was wondering what made him woke up, after a bit of talking he said something about, well I'm not sure how to summarize it.\" Arlie wasn't satisfied, and responded \"Well, just say it as a whole then.\" Arlie said, though slightly louder, enough to make Henry grunt slightly. Ben said about every word he could remember Henry say to him, which if it was only just the night before, and with such significance, it was basically all of it. Though, when he finished, Arlie was more puzzled than anything else. \"Sounds like a lot of riddles, I'll try to figure it out today, but for now lets keep moving. Hey Henry, you alright there?\" Arlie raised her voice for the last sentence, Henry raising his head and neck so it was about twice the height of Arlie. Henry said calmly, but still uneasy \"Yeah, kind of. Been thinking a lot about my past recently, though, you probably guessed that.\" Arlie was confused at first, but then realized what he meant by that: her over-analyzing of everything. \"No actually, which is why I was asking if you were okay. I'm sure we will make it home in time for winter. We just have to keep going.\" Arlie said. Henry nodded in response before looking up into the sky. There were wisps of cloud here and there, and the bigger clouds were more solid looking. Over near the horizon a cumulonimbus cloud was drifting to the left of the three. The sun was a bright orange, with a small gap between it and the horizon. The wind was calm, enough to make the leaves of nearby trees brush against each other. A/N: I redid the rest of the plot prior to this chapter, and it looks better than the original. I can't really say much about next chapter, but I can say that it involves something from someone's past. Anyways, I hope you guys like or even enjoyed the chapter. If you find anything misspelled, or if anything could be improved, let me know in a review or PM. If your word is helpful enough, I will give a five line/sentence preview of a chapter for next week (however, I might stop doing this near the end). I'll see you guys next chapter! Disclaimer : Arlie and Benjamin are the only characters owned by me, all the others are owned/copyrighted by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Next chapter title: Memories of the ##### #: Spoilers![Chapter 6] Chapter 6: Memories of the Arlie Nothing much happened during the next three days that Arlie, Henry, and Ben went through. They found the river bed only a few hours before the sun rose on this day, being quite thrilled, they could now just walk their way back to Henry's home. But, it left them confused too. The river was still dried up, when it would normally fill back up within a few hours post-drying up. Nonetheless, they continued. However, for Henry he was starting to think on how long it would take, even if going through the river, to make it back home. It could be mid-winter, or even after winter as a whole. He reassured himself that they could cope without him for a few weeks, but after that, who knows? During the three days, they had crossed the plains, gone up a mountain range, been through a couple of dense forests, and at one point had to go through some marsh. But other than that, they did not encounter anyone, or really speak about much. However, this day was one of the most memorable. \"Arlie, Ben. We need to talk.\" Henry said quietly, the two only just about hearing him before walking to him. Ben was first to respond \"Well, what is it?\" to which Arlie nodded. Henry looked up to them before continuing. \"I'm not sure how far it is, or how long it will take. And, to be honest, I don't think we'll make it to my family in time for winter.\" \"Henry, please don't say you're gonna give up. That's the last thing we want to hear from you, I mean, you're the brave dinosaur that went through so much to see your family, remember? What is it here that changes things?\" Arlie questioned, Henry turned to Arlie to respond, making sure his lie about being the brave one was kept true. \"One, that journey was not as far as this one. Two, it's late in the year where nature can be harshest to my family. Three, I'm not even sure what they'll think if I come back again. And four, well, I'm starting to get weary of this place, it feels like something isn't right.\" Henry said, looking around the place they were: they recently got into desert territory, though there were still bushes that littered the place. Arlie and Ben also looked around, looking for anything that moved or wasn't well hidden, it didn't talk long before Arlie grew bored of searching. Raising her tail and throwing it back down, a massive dist cloud shrouded the three from seeing. However, Henry was able to lift his neck high enough to get out of the dust cloud. He soon spotted three small, but unfamiliar dinosaurs. Like him, they had long necks and long tails, however, they had small thrills, or spikes that went from the back of the head to the middle of the tail. Their necks and tail had a stripe-like pattern of dark green to a yellow-green; the same colour as their bodies. Their jaws were very square-like, with a more rounded head. All of them were smaller in height than Ben, but were definitely longer, somehow. \"Hey there little ones, sorry about that noise. Arlie was trying to find you and thought a quick whip of her tail was smar- \"I may not be able to see you, but I can hear you Henry.\" Arlie sharply responded in offence, Henry laughed, before walking toward the three, who were slightly afraid by Henry's massive size. When the dust cleared, they could see the smaller, and less prominent Arlie and Benjamin. The two were bigger than them, but at least they weren't giants like Henry. \"Don't be afraid of Henry, he's actually really kind once you get to know him. Say, what are your names?\" Arlie asked, the one in the middle took a step forward before replying. Stuttering at times, it said \"U-um, my name is Chris, my sis over there is Jess, and my younger brother is Michael, though he likes to be called Mike for some reason. We've been roaming around the place for a few days, but we can't find water anywhere. You think you can find some?\" Chris asked, the trio looked at each other, before Ben responded. \"Why yes, we're actually travelling to a place where water is plentiful. My name's Ben, short for Benjamin, these two call me the joker. This one with the spikes is Arlie, the smart one. And you've already met Henry the brave, he's currently looking for his home a second time, so we're helping him back. You guys wanna come with us?\" Henry and Arlie looked over to Ben in surprise, before Chris, Jess and Mike nodded. The little three looked tired, so Henry, Arlie and Ben offered them to climb on their backs, to which Mike quickly went onto Henry's. Chris and Jess could both sit on Arlie, which was good news for Ben, who wasn't used to, um, babysitting? Baby-backing? Anyways, The six dinosaurs walked across the small desert, soon finding where desert met forest before the end of the day. And by the time the sun set, they found a nice spot in the forest where there was a large, open patch of grassland. To Arlie and Ben's surprise, Henry used his tail to strike a few pieces of placed wood with such friction it started to catch fire. Wincing slightly at how doing the technique of starting a fire usually hurt, Henry did his best to sit down on the grass, with Arlie and Ben soon following. \"Okay guys, you can get off now.\" Henry announced, Mike sliding down Henry's back to the ground, with Chris and Jess using the spike plates on Arlie as a sort of stairway down onto the grass. The sun had completely set, and the smaller three used a long log as a make-shift seat to be seen above the grass. There was little wind, and so everything was quiet, except from the fire of course. \"So kids, where are your parents?\" Henry asked, to which Ben and Arlie mentally/tried to physically face-palm. \"Henry, these are a type of dinosaur similar to your kind, but their parents leave them after they lay the eggs and bury them slightly in dirt. And before you ask, yes, both me and Arlie have seen it happen.\" Ben explained, Henry's question made Arlie think about how much of the world outside his family Henry knew, but for now that wasn't the biggest thing to worry about, with all of the issues with how far his home was. The moment was getting awkward, and Arlie decided to break it \"I know what to do to pass off the time, who wants to tell a scary story? I used to do them with my family, and I'm sure Ben and you kids might enjoy some of them.\" Everyone seemed to want to take part, with Henry being the only reluctant one. \"Okay, now who wants t- \"Oh pick me, pick meee!\" Chris said, before Mike wanted his turn, soon followed by Jess. However, Arlie gestured to all three, who were quite surprised. After some thinking, they all shared one story of their own. Chris: It was the coldest of winters, out in the wide open grass, similar to this part. A lone tyrannosaur scoured, looking for it's prey, and behind it, a wild critter, hiding in the brush, waiting for it to pass by. Mike: Accidentally, it stepped on a twig, the crunching sound enough to catch the tyrannosaurs' attention. Hurriedly, the critter carefully moved over so that it was even more so hidden. But it was too late, it already had it scent locked onto it's target. Jess: Then, the critter could make out the large mouth of it's enemy, it's many sharp teeth all designed for the critter itself. And the eyes, they moved, darted, looking for the sound that came from near. Chris: Unknowingly, the two accidentally met eyes upon each other. One was delighted, the other was terrified. The critter ran as fast as it could, and climbed onto the back of the tyrannosaur. Confused, it tried to grab hold of it, but it's head couldn't turn all the way, and it surely wasn't able to use it's tiny arms. Mike: The critter moved to the top of it's head, confusing it's enemy even more so. And so, the tyrannosaur eventually gave up- Jess: As the tyrannosaur left, the critter managed to escape unnoticed. Things were quiet for a minute, until Ben spoke \"Well, I wouldn't call that scary, but it's definitely freaky, so about 7 points out of 10 for you.\" \"Oh, so you're the score tracker now? Okay, why don't you tell us a scary story.\" Arlie suggested, Ben glared at her, before speaking \"Okay then, if it's a scary story you want, you'll get one. Summer, the crisp heat was one that I could never forget. This was a time before I met Arlie, but after my family left me. The land seemed to zoom past me as I ran from the terror that was behind. My instincts told me to run, run, run as fast as I could. But it was some how faster; I was slowing down, not looking where I was going, I tripped over a large rock that I find today seem stupid. Nonetheless, I could see it, all of it's blades ready to end my life. I tried getting back up onto my two legs do that I could escape the oncoming doom, but when I looked back it's gigantic feet were an inch from me. Paralyzed in shock, I had no hope what-so-ever of escaping. And so I yelled, hoping one would hear my crying call for help. But alas, no one came, I was a gonner for sure, it peered its eye at me, and I could never forget the black, heartless eyes it obtained. Lowering it's head, the razor sharp teeth were almost new, they were so shiny. Until I realized that the back teeth were rotten, stained with blood, you name it. It uses it's front teeth for cutting, and then it's back for the actual chewing. The scales on the bottom of it's head were rough when it was close enough to touch my head. I could feel the heat what radiated from it's tongue. I backed up slightly to make sure I had at least one split moment of life left. And then the rumbling started, when I look back on it now, I realise that it accidentally let a rock of a large hill loose. All the rocks, boulders and pebbles were sent flying toward it. Now was my chance to run, but then, just as I had my hopes up again, it bit my tail. Caught literally by surprise, I fell, being tugged by the mouth of the dinosaur that was now covered in rock. But then, it let go. I didn't know why it did so, but an opportunity was one that I needed. I ran from the scene, leaving the creature in the dust, never to see it in my life again. By now, all three of the young ones had only their eyes and the top of their heads visible from behind the make-shift seat. It was quite obvious that his story had definitely frightened them. Arlie and Henry made sure that they weren't too frightened soon afterwards, before continuing. \"Okay, so how was that Arlie, Henry?\" Ben asked, wondering what they thought of it. \"Definitely quite the event, I'll tell you that. But, for me, I'll rate it a 4 out of 10, compared to what I've been through at least.\" Arlie responded, Ben retorted, thinking she was just jealous. However, Ben took a glance at Henry, before asking \"Henry, what about you? How do you rate it compared to what you've been through?\" Henry looked puzzled for a moment, before, for a split second, looked terrified . Arlie had also noticed this, and by the time Henry went back to being calm, both Benjamin and Arlie were worried. \"Henry?\" Ben asked again, Henry sighed before answering \"I rate it a 1 out of 10, Benjamin.\" Before walking out into the dark, obviously wanting to be on his own. The three kids were just about to follow, before Arlie blocked them, signalling that he wants to be alone for now. Ben however sneaked past Arlie whist she was busy, and got over to Henry. Before he could say anything, Henry said \"You told her, didn't you? Don't worry, she seems cool about it, for now at least. You and Arlie probably saw how I acted just there, sorry if I worried you. I just, I just thought of something terrible. We should probably go back to them now.\" Henry said, to which Ben nodded as they walked back, however, they stopped. A sort of heavy breath sounded from the left. Looking deeper, they could make out one. Wait, three heads, however, no eyes shone through the dark, and on closer inspection, they soon realized what they were looking at. \"Oh no, it's the Allo-\" \"Keep quiet Ben or they'll wake up! We need to tell Arlie and get out of this place.\" Henry suggested, after a couple of minutes, all six left the area, the fire still burning. Later into the night, they had found another place to settle down. However, it was useless to start another fire again, but it was also bad to see nothing at all, which gave Ben a perfect idea. \"Henry, I know you fear, but you get to look past fear. Look past it and you'll find yourself in beauty.\" Running, he made a circle of light-bugs all round the six. Henry joined in, accidentally waking the three little ones up, who soon followed. All five of them ran with each other, laughing at the beauty of the lights that dazzled around randomly, and for a moment, it seemed for Henry that things couldn't be better. He had made many new friends who had similar things to enjoy, and they were all helping him find his way back, to his home. But then, three things came to Henry's mind that made him halt, digging up dirt as he put brakes on his forward feet. 1. It reminded him of a similar event that he and Arlo had, the last moment that they had real fun. 2. Flashing images of his family appeared again. 3. Where was Arlie? The last thought was the one that got to him most, leaving the confused others behind, he ran over to find where he last saw Arlie. Jumping like last time, a wave of light bugs radiated, and sure enough, when it seemed that they wouldn't go out far enough to show light onto Arlie, there she was. However, unlike the others, who awed at the bugs, she cowered into the trees. Confused, Henry moved slowly toward Arlie, making sure the others were still busy. \"How can they look at these things like that, they're disgusting.\" Arlie said in disgust, confusing Henry even more so. \"Arlie, they're just bugs that light u- \"Yes, I get that, they're literally jut bugs that happen to light up when a sound or movement happens nearby to them. But for me, they're the sole reason why my family, well... Argh, leave me alone!\" She said, turning herself ready to swipe her tail. However Henry was smart enough to grab hold of a dead tree and use it as a shield, a technique that worked. Walking along side Arlie, he said softly \"Look, you may not want to wish to tell me what is bothering you, but let me tell you this, and this only: I know how you feel. Good night, Arlie.\" Just as he turned, read to move. Arlie's tail blocked his path. \"Wait! Okay, I'll tell you what's bothering me. But I'm sure you won't like it, and promise me you won't tell the others, especially Ben.\" She said, waving her tail to give the idea of a warning. Henry nodded, allowing Arlie to have her say. Look, Henry. This is one of those times I'm probably sure you'll understand, but let me tell it like this. Me and my family were wondering through the night, near a ginormous, three-peaked mountain. There was a river that flowed by quite nicely, however, my family weren't to stay, as a group of apatosauruses didn't want us in their territory. So, we went far beyond their territory, out into the open, where no one could tell us what to do. At first I could make out some noise, but Sandra: My mother, and Rick: my father, disagreed with me. Almost nothing could have frightened me on that night, except from time to time I could make out two distinct eyes, just peering. Upon questioning, my only sibling: Jake, started teasing me of a giant monster. To which I said \"Oh stop it, you're always trying to scare me but it never works.\" He retorted at me, which usually meant he gave up trying. But then, a distinct twang of a breaking branch alerted my parents, who moved me behind them. \"What is it mamma?\" Jake asked, the parents made us slightly calm by saying that there are some creatures that like to nose in onto families. Then, just out of no where, a swarm of light-bugs came over from the direction of the three-peaked mountain. To my utter horror, it revealed one of the largest carnivores I've seen in my life. With it's alligator-like snout that was littered with teeth at the bottom. But, and I dare say even more horrifying, they revealed us to the creature. A loud, but deep roar emerged as it charged on Rick, I could almost feel that it was no hope calling to him, as he was already lifeless by the time it got around to my mother. A sharp scream came from her, which was cut off by what I now believe to be bones breaking. Then, it moved onto my brother. I could easily see if I had stayed there it would of gone for me. And with no intention on trying to save my brother, I jumped into the river. After what seemed like hours, I got out of the river near the beach. And from then on, I analyze things to make sure I'm in complete safety, I've stayed at that beach ever since then, I managed to live off of the new environment. And only now I've come out of that area. So Henry, you say you now how I feel, so you still know how I feel now?\" She finished on a serious tone, Henry was surprised and shocked to hear what she had gone through. But after the question, he looked down to the ground, his eyelids drooping slightly, and his mouth showing just how grim he looked. Before he answered with one word only. \"Yes.\" Henry walked off to meet the others, leaving Arlie not only puzzled, but even more worried. \"What is it about him that I can't seem to understand\" she thought, before walking out of the trees to meet the others. Arlie looked over to the direction of the river, before adding \"I wonder how his little Arlo is doing...\" A/N: Sorry about the late delay, this actually took me longer to make than anything. To be honest I wonder what Arlo is doing, so next chapter I'll be doing a chapter fully dedicated to Arlo's side, rather than a half Arlo, half Henry chapter. Okay, that does that news, I hope you like the chapter, or even enjoy the story so far. Be sure to review/PM any thoughts you have, or to correct any spelling mistakes. If a PM/Review is helpful enough, I will PM that user a 5 line/sentence preview if they wish to. I'll see you guys in the next chapter! Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, and Jake (holy wow that's a lot) are the only OC's owned by me. Every other character is that owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Next Chapter Title (song reference if anyone gets it): We Must Remember the Fallen Ones[Chapter 7] Chapter 6: We Must Remember the 'Fallen' Ones The family had almost completed the dam, which was already higher then all of them if they stacked on top of each other. The secondary dam around the farm was halfway done, and Arlo made sure that there was another area for others to be in, if anyone else did come over. The river was still dried up, with barely any signs of water coming back into it, and to make things worse, the well that was used for extra water was only half way filled up, due to the fact that there was also little rain. Clouds rolled by, not causing any storms that could damage the built up areas. However, thick fog had started to build up around the area; an unusual sight to see. Arlo was just delivering a log piece over to Libby as his mother called him, instinctively, he raced down, with the log that Libby was about to reach falling off. It didn't really matter if she was complaining, for this was probably the forth time since they started the project. Back on the farm, Arlo met his mother, where she too was gathering wood to send over to buck. \"Ah, there you are, things have been looking great with the dam, and honestly, I'm surprised that we did it in this time. Buck, here's the wood. Anyways, I have something to tell you that the others can't know about, come with me.\" Arlo followed his mother to the inside of the farm, so no one could listen in. He was curious at just what had to be kept secret from his brother and sister. \"Every since the family tree has started, we have had a special tradition. When someone endures an extraordinary task, they are chosen to come up with a new way of showing that they are something bigger than who they are. Your father was the last one to be be chosen, and he showed it by, well, that mark on the silo. But you, you have definitely done something extraordinary, so it's your turn to come up with a new way of showing that you are bigger, it can be anything you want. You just have to figure out what to come up with.\" As she walked away, Arlo was still confused, and followed. \"Wait, what? So like, since I've done something that no one else has done, by tradition I have to find a new way of showing that your bigger than what you are?\" \"That's basically it, yes. Let me know by then end of the day if you know.\" Arlo was only beginning to understand what he had to do, he had until the end of the day to come up with something new. And to make things worse, he had to make sure Buck or Libby couldn't see him doing whatever he was going to do, a pretty hard thing to do. So, Arlo went to see where they were; still at the dam, he had enough time to at least think of something. But, as hours went by, he was finding it more and more difficult to think of something new, mainly because of the fact that someone might have already done it. Afternoon, and his hopes were starting to fade, so he went to the only one who could understand him. \"So Libby, have you ever tried to come up with, like, an idea for something?\" Arlo questioned, it took about a second before Libby answered. \"There was only one time I felt like that Arlo, and that was when I was thinking what I could do to make my mark. I didn't know what to do, as Buck had already cleared the farm. But then I saw a bird poke it's head into the ground trying to find a worm, and I realized that I could plough the cleared area. So I guess if you're trying to come up with and idea, then just look around and take inspiration. Anyways, got to get back to work on the dam, you joining?\" Libby asked, Arlo nodded, explaining that he needed to finish another area of the dam. For Arlo, Libby's answer felt like the right thing to do, but he needed Buck's advice to see what he would do. Unfortunately for Arlo, there wasn't much of a good answer from him, so he only had one piece of advice. But, an advice is better than no advice, so for about a couple more hours he looked at pretty much everything. The inside of the farm didn't shed any light on anything, the cornfield gave no ideas, the dam they were making gave no inspiration, it seemed that there was nothing that could give Arlo the spark to make something new. That was, until near the evening, where he was at the front of the farm, and to the left of the corn field, he had his attention caught out of no where by something he never saw before. It's body was tiny, like the light-bugs, but it also had large, almost transparent wings that flapped effortlessly. Moving swiftly past him with such speed that he couldn't describe, Arlo followed the strange insect, and to his amazement, it didn't follow a straight path like normal creatures would do. Instead from time to time the insect went slightly to the left, or to the right, or just went in a completely different direction. But it was going in a certain direction Arlo couldn't see; being so focused on the thing. That was, until he realized that he was going slightly upwards, a hill in other words. He noticed that it landed on the one tree that was on this hill he was on, and Arlo almost jumped when he noticed something he had not seen in a while. It was three small logs that were placed right next to each other, with a bunch of stones and pebbles around them to keep the logs from falling over, on the other side, the pebbles extended from the base of where all the others were. And on top of the stones, there was a single bunch of white-ish blue flowers that just rested there. Looking it as a whole, he knew from the very first glance what it was, but just looking at it still gave him a shiver. It was his father's grave. The more he looked, the more he felt a grave like this just wasn't enough. His father surely deserved something more, though his father would probably say it was good enough. Arlo always thought it just didn't fit, as his father meant so much to him. Thinking about what would be better than this, Arlo came up with a brilliant idea, it was however a daunting task. He wanted his father to be remembered for as long as possible, so why not make a replica of his father? That way, he'll be remembered for as long as the replica will last, which to Arlo was forever. By the end of the day, he and the others went over to the farm, but with his mother stopping him just before he got inside. Confused for a moment, Arlo said \"Oh, I've got an idea. But you'll have to wait for tomorrow for me to show you.\" Ida smiled gracefully at him, before they both went inside. The moon rose up, but only about a quarter of it was shining, with the sun setting soon after, the golden glow of the sky faded into the purple plain of the night sky. Stars glimmered as the sky as one or two streaks of light shone for mere seconds before fading, and the moon was bright enough to make dim shadows inside the little farm hut. Day came by pretty much usual, but with less clouds. Buck stood up as he endured the light, when he noticed Libby gesturing over to something. \"What is it Libby?\", to which she responded slowly \"Over there, where Arlo and momma are, I wonder what they're up to.\" She said with a couple of yawns in between. Buck looked around the corner to find Arlo and their mother talking about something, but they were far enough so that Libby and Buck couldn't hear them. \"C'mon, we got to finish the dam, I'm sure it's something not important.\" Libby suggested, to which Buck reluctantly followed her to the dam. \"So, what is this idea of yours?\" Ida asked, Arlo was slightly restless, but he was wary enough to see Buck and Libby look at them, before walking away. \"Well momma, I thought, well, it's better to explain by showing really.\" Arlo walked to a nearby bush slightly higher than Arlo, and moved the bush to the right so that what he wanted to show was visible. It was a statue of Arlo made out of sticks and logs, with leaves covering it to give it a green look, it's shape was highly similar to that of Arlo, apart form certain twigs and laves sticking out, it was made clear that he had spent a few ours in the morning making it, which was probably why he was tired. Looking back to his mother, he was pleased to find that she looked pleased with it. \"It's beautiful Arlo, I like the idea. There's just one more thing you need to do.\" Her final sentence confused Arlo, he had just done the task, and was now set another one? \"What is it?\" Arlo questioned, to which Ida responded with \"You need to make a small speech about why or how you chose the idea. I'll get Libby and Buck over so you can explain.\" She walked off, which put pressure on Arlo, but then he had another idea. The three walked over to where Arlo was, with his siblings being slightly confused as to what was going on, until they noticed the statue. Arlo could see they were impressed by it. But they all needed an explanation, so he said \"At first, I had no idea what to make, that is, until I came across poppa's grave. I think it's best to explain in song.\" \"Papa, he was gone tryna make me shine Mama keeps us warm when there is no sunshine I was busy building up a reputation Did a lot of things out of desperation Back up on my feet, got the motivation Now I found my feet and a good vibration Search for you, love of creation When I'm feeling down in this place, just replace them Keep a vision on the one you've been chasing When the time comes I'll run to the action I've been laced with the powers of creation So when the Sun sets, you bet I must face them Remember when I was running 'cross the nation I was living for the here and now They can't catch me I'll be gone by the time they come They can't catch me The war is already won Even though the terrors have sold their shuns I must remember the fallen ones Remember the fallen ones Raised in the capital of Port-au-Home Born with my siblings to get a free roam Papa used to run to the wiser ages When I got to the older stages A teen under pressure, had to blend in Before the venture I would run to him Thanks for you, love of creation When we're feeling down in this place, just replace them Keep a vision on the one you've been chasing When the time comes we'll run to the action We've been laced with the powers of creation So when the Sun sets, you bet we must face them Remember when I was running 'cross the nation We were living for the here and now They can't catch us We'll be gone by the time they come They can't catch us The war is already won Even though the terrors have sold their shuns We must remember the fallen ones Remember the fallen ones\" \"After i got the inspiration, well, I couldn't wait to start it, so here it is. What do ya' think?\" When he finished, they all came to him in a form of a group hug, a sign that they loved his idea. But the next day would bring more trouble than hopes. A/N: So, I bet a lot of you weren't expecting a song to be in this chapter, I know it may seem odd, as there weren't any songs in the movie, but I'm going to have some more songs in the story (not too many though). In other news, stuff has happened outside, I've completed school and got a new laptop, and both of these will make it easier for me to write more/better chapters. Anyways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy). I'll see you next chapter! Edit: I edited the last part of the chapter as I was rushed the first time. Also I paragraphed the song so it looks better. Songs used: Can't Catch Me - Avicii (Re-worded) Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, and Jake are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Next Chapter title: Weird Names[Chapter 8] A/N: Before we start, I edited the last chapter so it has a bit more, not too much though. Chapter 8: Weird Names Day arose much quicker than expected by some, and the journey continued. However, they all kept watch in case any of those other dinosaurs that they saw the previous night. After some consideration, Ben and Arlie agreed not to talk to Henry about his past, for now at least. They soon left the forest to find that they were going uphill, there were larger hills with trees scattered across them, but other than that their color was that of a light brown shade. The cliffs from them to the dried up river were also increasing in height, so going down there was next to impossible. As the group went across these hills, it was becoming more apparent that they were not only thirsty, but also starving too. The kids started to moan about it too, which only made things worse. Arlie and Ben were too focused on keeping them quiet, whilst Henry walked in front, too focused on other things to see where he was actually going, and from time to time Ben or Arlie had to shove him slightly so he would keep to the safe path. Suddenly a part of the ground shook, before the ground beneath Arlie and Ben started to move. However, just before the two could even react, they were pushed off away from the landslide as Henry used his neck as a barrier. \"Wait, Henry, how did you react that fast?\" Arlie asked quickly as she realized just how fast he was to react. Unfortunately for her, he didn't answer, but merely turned around and started walking off again. Looking back, the landslide wasn't even that big, but it would have been enough to move the two off the cliff. Ben whispered to Arlie \"I think you just hit a nerve again, nice going Arlie.\" To which Henry responded \"I may not be in a good mood right now, but I can still hear you.\" with a tone that made them realize they weren't going to get any more information from him. The group continued on wards, with the large hills opening up to a vast valley with a large flat ground in the what made it better was that there was a lake in the middle of it. Chris, Mike and Jess quickly got off of Arlie as they ran towards the lake, with Arlie, Ben, and Henry following after them. As they got near to the lake, it was apparent that the grass was higher then the kids, and finding them was hard enough with their good camouflage skin. However, after a few seconds, they could see them run back to them in fear. Before the three could ask, Jess came by to say \"Don't go in there, there's something dangerous in there.\" followed by Mike and Chris who said the same thing, as Arlie and Ben talked to them in hopes of finding out what it was that was there, Henry walked off nearer to the lake to see for himself; he knew that the kids were scared of a lot of things, almost like Arlo. He got to the edge of the lake to find there was nothing there, the water was still as it could be, so there wasn't anything there. Arlie noticed Henry where he was and shouted \"Henry! Get out of there!\" To which Henry fully turned his head around, not paying attention to the disturbance in the water. \"What is it Arlie?\" Henry responded, the disturbance in the water grew larger, with the sound of water moving only just being loud enough for Henry to hear. He turned around just in time to see the creature rise up. It had scaly skin with a dark green color, it's snout was long and flat, with teeth around the edges. It's eyes were on the top of its head, looking directly at him, on the back were thicker scales, and some spiked poked out of said scales. Henry managed to dodge it's attack, but as it fell another leaped out, this time he wasn't so lucky, with it biting into the right side of his body. Hearing the others gasp in fear, he stopped the first one with his foot, and shock off the second one. As the two came in to attack at the same time, he used his tail to whip the one behind him, pinning it to the ground. And for the other one; the one in front, he leaped up so that only his back two feet were on the ground, before he came crashing down. His feet crushing the tail of the one who was unfortunate enough to have been in that place. It cowered in fear just as the first one got ready to attack a third time, but again Henry used his tail to whip it, this time to the side. It was enough to make the thing flip over. And before it could flip over again, Henry lashed it's unprotected bottom with his tail, striking it in the belly, which was enough to make it cower back into the lake. Going back to the others, he was provoked when he saw their confused faces \"What is it guys? It looks like you've seen a- \"You just took down two crocodiles, and you're not even slightly afraid?\" Ben confronted. Henry looked awkwardly at them before adding \"So? I took care of the crocodiles, isn't that what matters?\" Arlie stepped forward before adding \"Yes, but one does not simply take on two of those things without at least being slightly afraid. It's like you have no fear over anything or something.\" It was apparent that where they came from, others were more afraid of things than he was. \"Look, lets just say you don't know what I've been through. So please, don't hold it against me, I'm not the bad guy here, and I don't think anyone is.\" Henry said with a fake panic, Arlie definitely took notice but did not say anything about it. As they walked away from the lake and to where the river bed lead on to, Arlie started a new subject \"You know, for an Apatosaurus, you're quite used to these new environments.\" Arlie said, the name confused Henry for a moment \"An Adapto what now? I heard you say that when we first met and I've been wanting to ask what do you mean by that.\" he said in confusion, Arlie rolled her eyes before adding \"Apatosaurus, and it what you are.\" \"Okay, but if I'm that, what are you?\" Henry asked, Arlie walked slightly faster before responding \"I'm an Ankylosaurus, Ben over there is a Dryosaurus, and Mike, Chris, and Jess are that of the Supersaurus kind.\" Ben joined in on the conversation \"Um, what's with all the 'saurus' endings?\" he said, which everyone looked at Arlie. She stopped in her tracks before explaining \"I noticed that not every animal works in the same way, all of us here have scales, we're warm blooded, we grow pretty rapidly, and we're all born from eggs. However, you might say a bird is similar, since it can lay eggs, well it can fly, and we can't. Some fish have scales, but can live only on water, and we can only live on land. A critter does grow quickly, but they mostly have fur. We may be different in appearance, but when you look closely you see we so pretty similar things.\" \"So what your saying is that there's things we have in common that not many other creatures do? That's a pretty cool observation I guess. But still, why the name 'apato' or 'ankylo' or 'dryo' or even 'super'?\" Ben asked, Arlie sighed before adding \"Just some random words that came into my head. Anyways, we best get moving, it's going to be even longer to get back to your home if we just stand here.\" As they continued walked away from the lake, the crocodiles in the middle of the lake looked at them, before sinking into the water. The sun went down swiftly, the moon that came up was even more slimmer than the night before. Arlie and Ben noticed Henry, who looked as if he was starting to worry over something that wasn't him getting back home. They left him occupied with the kids, before talking together. \"Well, it's been some time since we've been together in peace. I'm staring to worry about him Arlie, he acts weirdly over any topic about his past, and he's scares over nothing else. I believe something scared him in his childhood, and he's afraid that telling others about it might make them leave him.\" Arlie nodded, before replying \"Agreed, though he does know we're still gonna help him no matter what happens, right?\" \"I'm not sure on that friend, it must of been something terrible. So, wanna try to come up with a theory on what exactly it is? If so, then I can start. First off, he told me never to say anything about the sun being blocked, second, he ran away form me as soon as I mentioned family. Then, he said that he would be seen as someone 'darker' than he is.\" \"Well, he did say he thinks about his past a lot, he doesn't see anything else apart from something in his past as scary, he stopped mid-way as he was playing with you and those light-bugs, and he says that what happened in my past was similar to what happened to him in his past.\" The information was collected, but no theories came over, until. \"I got it! What if in the past, the sun was being blocked, and something really terrible happened to his family that he couldn't control.\" Ben tried to explain, Arlie thought for a moment, before adding \"That doesn't seem quite right, there's something missing. Something that would make him act like he does now. I don't think we have enough information to actually decide what specifically happened, but I think we might get an answer soon enough, we just need a little more time. Good night Ben.\" Arlie and Ben walked over to Henry and the others, before resting for the night. A/N: For this chapter, I realized that Arlie sometimes referred to some as their species name, so this chapter was based around her explanation for that, however you may notice that she is wrong about certain things in her explanation. The first half of the chapter refers to a backstory in the movie, and the second half is based on Arlie and Ben trying to piece things together. Anyways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy). I'll see you next chapter! P.S: Thank you 'Lord Candycane' for reviewing the story, it lets me know that at least someone is happy with how it's going. Though, I wish more people could review it, I guess that's just how it is for now. Oh well, doesn't matter too much, but thanks anyways! Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, and Jake are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Next Chapter title: A Storm to Remember of[Chapter 9] Chapter 9: A Storm to Remember of Once again, day arose, but this time there was no sun to be seen, for the clouds blocked it's view. It was time to move again, hopefully to find more shelter from the oncoming thunder clouds. Rain poured down on the six friends as they continued to follow what was left of the river, the rocks on the sides of the cliffs were much more smoother than far back, where there was holes and spikes on the cliffs before there was only flat walls. The rain by now was so heavy it started to fill up the river, which was a good thing since they now had a place to drink, and that they could see where exactly the river was. However, they were confused to find the river going the opposite direction; in the direction they were going. \"This isn't right, normally it would be going the other way into the ocean. But now it's going toward your home. At least we actually have a river.\" It was then that Ben got an idea, by which he ran to the front and stopped everyone. He explained \"So you know how it's going to be a long way to Henry's home right? Well the river is flowing toward his home, so maybe we could go into the river and let the river take us there.\" It was a good idea, however, Arlie countered \"Sounds good, but what about you and the kids, who don't even know how to swim?\" It was a tough question, but then everyone looked over at Henry, who knew what he was gonna get himself into. \"Okay fine, but only while we're in the river. Hop on you lot, it might be a bumpy ride.\" Henry advised as everyone but Arlie got onto his back. With only just enough room for Ben, Chris, Mike and Jess to fit on comfortably, Henry walked to the side of the now full-of-water-river, before sliding in. Arlie soon followed, and already the current was strong enough to push the two along. Then plan had worked, and the river was deep enough for Henry to actually swim rather than just walk. There was no rapids or boulders in the middle that would stop them, which made things better, and the rain just kept pouring down. A few hours past by, and the rain was still pouring down. Until it turned into something else: Hail, and not just your ordinary, pea-sized hail. No, these were about the size of marbles. Arlie grabbed hold of a short tree that was sticking from the side of the river, before giving it to Ben; using it as a sort of umbrella. The river current was still calm, and they had not encountered any potentially dangerous parts of the river. That was, before they could hear the sound of water crashing. \"What's that sound?\" Chris asked, to which Henry lifted his neck so that he could see from where he was, before saying \"Ben, can you give me that tree?\". Ben reluctantly gave him the tree, which Henry grabbed hold of with his mouth and threw it forward. Watching where it went, it didn't seem to do anything abnormal, but after a few more seconds, it looked as if it was going over a waterfall. Quickly, Henry turned to the side, before grabbing two trees with his tail and mouth. This managed to work, as they had stopped completely. But then Arlie, who was behind Henry, crashed into him, which almost made him let go. Arlie swam over to the side before everyone else got off of Henry; walking over his head was slightly painful but wasn't as bad as what could have happened. As Henry got himself back up to the side of the river bank, they all looked at the waterfall. There was a part of the river that collapsed downward, leaving behind an area where the water just goes deep, in other words, they were on the edge of a sinkhole. \"Well, we can wait for it to fill up, then we can continue on wards.\" Arlie suggested. And so they did, the hole filled up, and they got on again. Travelling down the next bit of the river was now harder, as there were boulders in the way. The hail had stopped, which gave open to even more rain. Most of the time, Henry and Arlie manage to dodge the boulders, but once or twice a boulder just under the waves caught them by surprise. Other than that the river was calm. A redwood tree slowly fell in front of them, breaking into big pieces. Everyone except from Henry managed to find a piece of the tree to stand on, since Henry was too big to even fit on top of one. All of a sudden a loud rumbling emerged form behind, the storm was also getting worse; lightning started flashing everywhere. Henry knew that sound all too well, and turning around he confirmed it was what he didn't want to happen: A landslide had pushed a lot of the water, creating a tidal wave toward them. \"Guys!\" Henry shouted, they all turned to him and the on coming wave. Panicking, they all got to the front of the pieces they were on, before they realized what Henry could do to help himself. \"Henry, swim in front of us!\" Arlie shouted, Henry did his best doing so, but the wave acted like a backwards current, slowing him down. He managed to get in the middle of the others, which was good enough. Ben and Arlie told the others to move their pieces so that all pieces surrounded him, which seemed to be perfect. The wave came closer, and the current was slowing down even more, and then the wave hit. Pushing Henry and the pieces with such force that it almost made Henry flip upside down. Fortunately the redwood tree pieces were there to stabilize him. Arlie jumped along the pieces, so that she was on a piece parallel to Henry \"Don't worry, we got your back. Also this wave is gonna speed things up hopefully.\" and sure enough, she was right. They indeed were going faster down the river, but the thought of debris and other trees underneath the water was still a thing to take note of. Arlie noticed that Henry was trying his best not to show any fear, but was still failing at it. Still, she thought it would be best not to talk about it, but rather talk about something else. \"So Henry, while we're basically gonna be along this river for hours or maybe even a day, can I ask you something?\" Arlie asked, Henry sighed before replying \"I'm not going to talk about that , if that's what you're going t-\" \"Oh no, not that, I don't wanna put too much pressure on you. But I wanted to talk about something else that might relate to it, I'm not sure. So uh, can you tell us a bit more about you're last moment with Arlo?\" Henry looked as if he was gonna explode in rage, but decided it would be best not to. Sighing, he said \"Okay, I'll tell you. But this doesn't mean I'll answer every question you ask.\" I don't know how long specifically this was, maybe about two week if what you say is true. But, anyways, it was about mid-morning, and I gave Arlo a simple task to do: That was catch a critter and 'take care of it'. Me and him built the trap together, and I had high hopes for him, this was a very simple task. However, after about an hour, I came to check up on him, and found that not only did he not take care of it, but let it away too. Annoyed to the brim by now, I forced Arlo to catch the critter by following it to wherever it went; which would of been a valley to the right of Clawtooth Mountain. We followed the tracks through the v-shaped valley, and the storm was clearing the tracks faster and faster; a thing that made me even more annoyed. I was so focused on finding the darn thing I didn't notice Arlo tripping over a rock that was in the middle of the path. As I turned I realized just what I was doing wrong, and thought that... well, it doesn't matter, but I helped Arlo get back up, assuring him that he 'is me and more'. But then, the river started to rise, a sign that I knew all too well, and sure enough there it was: A tidal wave similar to this one, only difference being that there was much more debris, and the thinner river made it higher and faster. I helped Arlo get to high enough ground, at least I hope, and I was swept away from him. \"After that, well, I must have gone unconscious, and then I find myself at this beach with Arlie. That's pretty much it I guess, *sigh* I miss them.\" By now he could see their troubled faces, before Ben responded with \"Man, I wonder how they feel right now. I see now why you're so eager to get back, you don't wan them to completely feel that you're actually gone, however, if it really has been two weeks, I'm afraid you're too late for that mate. Well, they'll be pretty surprised to see you when you come back, I wonder how they'll react.\" Arlie nodded before adding \"Mhm, same here. I can't wait to meet them all. We'll probably be going over the mountain, they'll see us lot and be like 'Who are they', they'll then see you and will probably think they're going mad... Ah, I just can't wait to meet them! They sound like a great family to have.\" Henry smiled at how they all agreed that meeting them would be a great moment to enjoy. But how would his family think of them? Now wasn't a time to worry about that, for the journey had ended. There was a sharp turn in the river that pushed the wood pieces and Henry onto the corner, where a shallow, sandy bank layed there. \"Well, we're gonna have to find food somewhere that's not here. The river is a bad place for food anyways, but first thing first, how do we get up this cliff?\" Ben asked, Chris replied with \"We could climb onto Henry, he's high enough for his head to be at the top of the cliff.\" Henry asked \"Okay, but what are you three gonna do that'll help us three? Make a landslide that allows us to get there?\" Mike grinned before adding \"Oh we'll find a way, you try to find another way while we do our thing.\" They said, Henry lowered his tail so that they could climb on, before lifting his head so that they could climb to the top of the Cliff. As the three left, Henry wondered You think they'll actually come back for us?\" \"You know they will, we've helped them find water, I think they know how to help us find a way up here. Besides, they said we can try to find a way before they can.\" Arlie replied. The three looked at the area they were in, before finding that the river had already dried up again. \"What is with this river? One moment it's a flood, next moment it's a drought, I mean come on, it's either one or the other!\" Ben argued. there were a couple of trees near, and the red wood pieces they used to get here could also be useful. \"Aha! Ben, Arlie, you two get on those red wood pieces there, I'll grab hold and lift you up there one at a time.\" Henry suggested, they reluctantly agreed, before Henry did what he said. But now he was still at the bottom of the cliff. \"Henry, do you think you can just get on a few redwood pieces and just climb up?\" Arlie asked, Henry grabbed hold of a couple of pieces, before attempting to stand on top of them. Stabilized, he got his two feet at the top of the cliff, before launching himself upwards. Somehow he managed to make it all the way. \"Good job guys, you made it!\" Chris, Jess and Mike were just behind them, before they told them they just wanted to see them try. After that, they all left the cliff to it's natural ways, and continued on their adventure. A/N: I'll leave it off here as somethings about to come up. Anyways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy), and if a review/PM is helpful enough, I'll send a PM of 5 lines of the next chapter. I'll see you next chapter! Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, and Jake are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Next Chapter title: Hole Traps[Chapter 10] Chapter 10: Hole Traps The group had just got up the cliff, and the river had completely dried up again. Clouds covered over half the blue sky, and there were more noises coming from the wind, the trees, and especially the birds that were on them. A thick haze grew from the horizon, but not too much to be mistaken for mist, and the trees that were around the group were that of cork bark fir trees. The land they were walking on was rocky, becoming redder and redder as they moved along. As the morning became the afternoon, the sudden heat from the new environment was like nothing they had experienced, and to make things worse, the ground had changed in hardness, from a very rocky surface to a very weak, crumbly type rock. Fortunately, the hilly terrain had stopped. Unfortunately, it revealed a vast desert plain, with the exception of a sudden wall of sandstone that looked to be carved only by the wind, and unfortunately, a recent landslide had blocked the river that would of normally cut through this wall of sandstone. However, the wall was actually quite a long, long way away form where they were, so there was no need to worry about it... for now. \"Well at least we're making progress, isn't that our motive right now?\" Chris asked, to which everyone nodded. After taking a look, it was decided that there was no other way than to go through that point. They stopped looking and started walking across the desert sand. The wind was swaying much faster in these areas, and the sand was already starting to pick up so much that their bodies were starting to get covered in sand. Out in the distance, a couple of strong dust devils roamed around with no orderly movement, and a large, ominous dust storm lingered a few miles away. Arlie and Henry both saw this and said \"Move!\" at the same time. The kids got onto Arlie so that they wouldn't slow the group down, and ran as fast as they could for the wall; the only safe place against a dust storm. As they ran, they could only see the dust storm get closer and closer, with the sand beneath them moving by the wind. By the time they were about a hundred feet from the wall, the amount of sand that was on them almost made them blend in with the surroundings. The dust storm was accelerating in speed, and was just about to go over their heads by the time they made it. Looking back, the sky was completely blocked, and they had just missed the real sand storm. However, their next challenge was to get over the pile of rubble; a stack of jagged rocks that did not fit together like a puzzle what-so-ever. They agreed that they would wait out the storm before continuing any further, as there could be things on the other side that would make things only more worse. \"So now that we're not sand-covered anymore, how about a game of-\" Ben stopped mid-sentence as he saw their faces. \"Never mind, I was just trying to lighten up the mood. So, when we do get to meet Henry's family, what are we going to say? Like, a simple greeting sounds boring, and we'll have to let them have space for celebrating Henry's second return. Like, what are we going to say?\" Ben asked. \"I don't think it's that simple Ben, almost none of us know how they'll react to us, and Henry. So there's possibly no real way to plan a greeting like this. Now, about that pile of rocks, we can see definitely that Chris, Jess and Mike can't go up those. But we do know that Henry can certainly do it. I think me and Ben can get over, then you Henry will have to help the others get over that thing, before crossing yourself. However there is a chance the rock is much weaker than we can see, and may not be able to support your weight- uh, no offence Henry.\" Arlie quickly added. Henry smirked before relying with \"None taken Arlie, none taken.\" The storm raged on for about half an hour, until finally it died down. The wave of dust and sand fell back onto the heated ground, and things were much, much clearer. The pile looked bigger than first thought, and their plan was adjusted to that Henry would have to help everyone get across the mound of rock. For the kids, Henry could just use his neck as a sort of bridge to the other side, to which the kids did manage to get to. Before he could lift his head up, Ben hoped across before jumping over to where Chris, Mike and Jess were. Looking back at a rather annoyed Henry, Ben said aloud \"Sorry Henry, couldn't resist trying.\" For Arlie however, it was agreed that she would have to climb half way up, before getting on Henry's back, and then walking on his neck/head to the other side. The process was pretty painful for Henry, especially since having a 6-tonne Ankylosaur walk on top of your neck and head isn't a normal thing for an Apatosaurus, especially Henry. After Arlie managed to get to the other side, it was Henry's turn to walk across, but as soon as he took his second step, the rocks started to shift slightly. They soon stopped, meaning that the rocks were probably adjusting to the new pressure. Arlie soon found a gap in between a couple of rocks, and decided to look to see how big the gap was. However, when looking closer, a sound of rocks falling and hitting other rocks was heard, a sign that there might just be a hole underneath the pile of rocks that Henry was now directly on top of. \"Henry, do not move any further\" Arlie advised, everyone was quiet enough to hear the same sound, which only kept getting louder. All of a sudden the entire pile fell downwards by a couple of feet, causing a sudden shock to everyone. Henry stepped forward in hopes that he could make it, but just before he did, the sound grew intense, and the rocks beneath him gave way. The pile, along with Henry, fell down about 40 feet, before hitting ground. \"Henry!\" Everyone exclaimed in panic as they looked over the edge to see if he was okay. However the dust and sand had yet to settle, when it did, it revealed Henry laying on his left side. Coughing, he tried to get up, but both the falling and the landing on such rocks left him almost paralyzed form shock and injury. The hole was too deep for Henry to get out of, and the night was fast approaching; not a good time to be trapped in a hole. Arlie and the other's weren't nearly strong enough to somehow pull Henry out, the surrounding rock was too hard to break, and what made it worse was that the wind was drifting sand into the hole. If enough time had passed then the entire hole, along with Henry, could be filled in by sand. Arlie asked \"Henry, do you think you can at least stand up?\" For the second time, he tried, and almost succeeded. However, he learnt the hard way that he sprained his front right ankle, this time falling over on his right side. By the time he had gotten up, more sand had poured in. \"Well, I can stand at least, but there looks to be no way for me to get out. Perhaps there might be others that could help maybe, what do you think?\" Henry asked, Ben looked behind to see the edge of the desert, which gave way to a forest full of fern leaves. \"I'll go find food and see if there's help. Arlie, you look after Henry and the others. I'll be right ba-\" He was interrupted by Arlie, who said \"You can't do that on your own. Jess, Mike, Chris, you three look after Henry. I'll look for help while you get food.\" And before anyone could argue, the two went off, leaving Henry with the three kids. All four of them just stood in their places rather awkwardly. Meanwhile, Ben had gone into the forest in search for anything that was edible. Arlie went around the left corner of the wall to find two gigantic dinosaurs, they were that of the species \"Sauroposeidon\", the tallest dinosaurs to roam in these areas. And they were definitely much taller than Henry. Arlie went up to them, who had not seen her yet. \"Excuse me, uh, you two. Down here.\" She called out, the two looked down as if they were searching for the voice, eventually finding her. \"There we go. Now, I need your help, a friend of ours is trapped over there in a giant hol-\" \"First off young lady, we're on a tight schedule to a mountain range. So unfortunately we can't help you there.\" The slightly larger one said, with a very masculine voice. Arlie was confused at what they said, due to their current speed. \"Um, then why are you walking so slo-\" Arlie was once interrupted, but by the other sauroposeidon. \"Secondly, this 'friend' of yours has no importance to us. Unless you can tell us more about this friend and we might help.\" Arlie thought for a moment, before replying with \"Okay then, his name is Henry, a large, green Apatosaurus. He's on his way to Clawtooth Mountain, it has uh, three peaks. And h-\" She was interrupted a third time by them, who said \"Where is he?\", to which Arlie led them to the hole. Ben had already came back with a few branches of berries, and was currently given them to Henry and the others. When they saw the larger dinosaurs, Arlie could see a rush of excitement in all of them. The sauroposeidons lowered their necks so that Henry could get a hold of their heads. Using each of their necks for his left and right feet, he climbed out of the hole and got onto the ground; his foot still sprained. Arlie took a close look before saying \"It'll heal after a couple of days, unless you put it into cold water. There's none of that here so you'll just have to bear with it for now.\" \"Thanks Arlie, and thanks to you two, uh, what are your names again?\" Henry asked. \"My name is Ethan, and this here is my partner: Fifi\"Ethan replied, the others smiled before Ben said \"Well you've already met Arlie here, and helped Henry over there. My name is Benjamin, or Ben. And these are Chris, Mike, and Jess. We're all helping Henry get his way back to Clawtooth Mountain by following this dried up river here. Want to come join us? If we're going to the same place that is.\" Ben asked, the two looked at each other, before nodding at the others. The river led into the forest, so they had no choice but to go through to have the river in sight. A/N: Well then, I'm probably not going to introduce any more characters, for now at least, and the next chapter may or may not be about Arlo again. Anyways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy), and if a review/PM is helpful enough, I'll send a PM of 5 lines of the next chapter. I'll see you next chapter! Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, Jake, Ethan and Fifi are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Next Chapter title: Statue Making[Chapter 11] A/N: In a song \"[...]\" is used to describe what's happening while someone is singing. Chapter 11: Statue Making The day had ended pretty much well for the main group, with the exception of a small bit of drama or two. But the same thing couldn't be more said for Arlo and his family. For them, the day started pretty much normal for them. Buck, Libby, and Arlo were building the main dam, while Ida worked on the dam around the main farm. The dam that would contain any other visitors, if any came, was an area from the river to where the field that contained the light-bugs were, and a larger dam was built for the bordering line of the river. However, once the main dam was completed, which was in the afternoon, things started to go in a different direction. The afternoon was colder than usual, as a recent snow storm took place during the night meant that snow had covered the ground for most of the day so far. By the time it melted, the ground was still stone cold. Most trees that were in the surrounding area had been stripped for the dam, and the time it took to get to any near tree was getting longer. But at least the dams were near completion. During the process, there were a bunch of trees that couldn't be used to make the dams; they were either too small or they didn't help, and it was these trees that Arlo used to make his statue. \"So Arlo, what is we have to do to make these, uh, things?\" Libby asked. \"Just do something big and amazing, it can be anything you haven't tried before. Like maybe you could do something you thought you couldn't do, or you might find something new that no one has ever seen before. You know it doesn't have to be today that you find a way, but I have a surprise once we all have made one of ourselves.\" Arlo replied, the last part bringing both confusion and curiosity, with the latter being the major factor. Buck tried to do the same thing he did last time, which Arlo noted to him \"Buck, something new !\". Libby was smart enough not to make the same mistake, and instead used some random pieces of wood, stone, and some vine-like-rope to make a large net. \"Um, what's this for?\" Arlo questioned when he walked over, to which Libby said \"Well, lets say that flood does come by, and maybe there are visitors that are in the river or are on the dam if it collapses. With this, all you have to do is have one end here... and the other here. Then, if you see anyone coming, you just lower this, and they'll be stopped, so that they don't get swept away.\" Looking at Arlo, he seemed impressed by her work \"I like it sis', both a creative idea and you thought about what might happen in the future to come up with this. I think you might have just earned it, but I'm not sure. This is all new to even me so, lets just say you earned it.\" While Arlo's sister was building her statue, which was next to Arlo's, Buck was still having a hard time figuring out just what it was he could do. Arlo saw that all of his 'ideas' were mostly on the idea of brute strength and force. So, near the evening, Arlo went up to meet Buck. \"Well, I've been watching what you've been trying to do, and I noticed you have a way of doing things that makes you feel comfortable. Here's my idea: Stop doing that, and get out of your comfort zone.\" \"Arlo, it's not like that, I've been trying everything that I can think of. But nothing seems to work.\" Buck complained. Shaking his head Arlo replied \"There's always a way Buck, never stop giving up. Did our poppa give up when he saw that I was scared of everything? No. Did I give up when I thought that the days were at their darkest, or when I thought there was no way back home? No. I know now that poppa didn't want to force me to find that critter, but he did when he had no other option, I had to give in to my fears and just go with the flow. You, well, do what you think you can't do, you might just learn that you can do more than you're capable of. Remember what poppa told us: You're him and more. I have faith in you Buck, and that faith won't give up on you. The question is, will you give up on yourself?\" Arlo started walking away, but was stopped when Buck crossed his path. \"No. I wont.\" Buck walked over to a giant slab of what seemed to be mud-stone. Normally, with these things he could easily smash it with just one whip of his tail, but this time, he didn't. In fact, he placed it so that it was stood upright, before going over to the farm. There, he grabbed hold of a club, and instead of using it to hit the slab, he moved it across the front face so a bit of the mud-stone was slightly carved out. The mere fact that Buck was trying his hardest not to just destroy the mud-stone at any given moment was surprising to even Arlo. The sun was setting, and Arlo had not seen what Buck was doing ever since the afternoon. When he got around to where he last saw Buck, he definitely found him, though he was actually fast asleep, most likely tired. To the right, Arlo saw what he had created, which was actually two things. The first was a mini sculpture of what looked to be Arlo and Henry looking at each other, with Arlo looking up to his poppa, who was looking down, and the two were on a little plate of mud-stone. The second object was more bizarre than the first, it looked to be a tube, with one end being wider than the other. The tube itself was on what looked to be three legs, and rotating the tube was easier than it appeared. Looking through it, he could see Clawtooth Mountain, though about twice as larger through the tube than normal. Nudging Buck, he stirred a little, before waking up \"Oh, it's you Arlo.\" Buck said tiredly, before yawning \"You earned it.\" Arlo calmly said, and for a moment Buck didn't really take it in too much, however he then quick;y realized what Arlo had just said \"Wait, you serious?\" Buck said in surprise, to which Arlo replied \"This mini figurine of me and Henry, it's just so detailed I can't even think of how much effort you went into this. And this thing here, I don't think anyone here would even know how to do this type of work. What makes this more amazing is that you resisted the urge to just smash the thing altogether. You've earned it, brother.\" After a few hours, Libby had finished her statue, and Buck would start on his tomorrow. The night was growing darker, and once again they sat around a fire. A few light-bugs shined over them every now and then, and everyone looked at each other more happily than in the morning. \"So Buck and Arlie have both proven their worth in the first day, which a an overall success, and the dams and walls are basically done. However, the event won't happen for a couple more days, so we don't really have much else to do. You got any ideas?\" Ida asked to sons and daughter, Buck and Libby were out of ideas, after what they went through today. \"I have an idea.\" Arlo called out, everyone else slowly turned to him, before he added \"I've had this plan for a while now, but I've been thinking, what if we make a replica of poppa? Like, you know the things me and my sis' made, like that, but for poppa!\" Everyone was pretty skeptical on the idea, the thought of building such a large structure, and to only have memory as a reference, it may not even turn out to be accurate, to which Arlo argued \"I think you all know I remember him as if he's still here, I see him every night. Sometimes I have to wake my self up to let myself know he's no longer here. You know how that feels? To force yourself so hard that the one you loved most is no longer here?\" Arlo asked, to which they all shook their heads. \"Well then Arlo, if you can tell us how it's meant to look, we can help you. Lets do it now actually.\" Buck replied, to which everyone turned to him for the last sentence \"Yeah, lets do this now, let's build this thing tonight!\" \"If we believe Wood, logs, and greenly leaves Make room! We're building over here [Looking at Arlo] And you're the wood cutter You're really strong, it suits you well Will find me over here again [Walking over to Libby] May your tools serve you well And the rest be sent to sell Where they always have belonged Warm hearts brew warmer songs Fate will play this out With a song of pure romance Stomp your feet and do a dance Let's build tonight! Build tonight! Show them all you are the very loving type Let's build tonight! Build tonight! Show them all you are the very loving type Let's build tonight! [Talking to Ida] May your tools serve you well And the rest be sent to sell Where they always have belonged Warm hearts brew warmer songs Fate will play this out With a song of pure romance Stomp your feet and do a dance Let's build tonight! Build tonight! Show them all you are the very loving type Let's build tonight! Build tonight! Show them all you are the very loving type Let's build tonight! Build tonight! Show them all you are the very loving type Let's build tonight! Build tonight! Show them all you are the very loving type Let's build tonight!\" They had finished the legs of the new structure, and was planning on doing the body, tail, and neck the next day. However, just before they went to sleep at the farm house, Arlo noticed something in the sky. By the time he tried to find it, it had gone, and then it appeared again, a streak of light that momentarily moved across the sky. Calling everyone out again, they all watched as the one streak became five or six streaks. \"Wow, aren't they just beautiful.\" Libby said, everyone was too focused on them to reply, the streaks got larger and lasted longer, until there was one distinct streak. It was brighter than the others, and this time, instead of fading out, it just grew brighter. So bright that for a moment they had to look away, and then it faded out. For a moment, nothing else happened, the other streaks had stopped, so it was over. That was, until a large explosion of dirt formed about 300 meters away, not too close to do major damage. But then a loud cracking sound, probably a shock-wave, sounded, almost deafening. By the time it ended the family was left confused. \"We should check it out tomorrow?\" Arlo suggested, to which everyone agreed. However even they could not predict what would come next. A/N: So I felt like this chapter gave rise to the how I'm trying to switch Arlo's and Henry's roles, where Arlo now has to manage all the things, and Henry has to go on the adventure. The ending had almost been fully planned out, so all I have to do is fill out the rest of the story, which is also getting there. Anyways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy), and if a review/PM is helpful enough, I'll send a PM of 5 lines of the next chapter. I'll see you next chapter! Songs used: 'Lets Kill Tonight' - Panic! At the Disco Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, Jake, Ethan and Fifi are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Next Chapter title: What is Fear?[Chapter 12] Chapter 12: What is Fear? Day turned to night as Henry and his friends walked through the forest, some streaks of light appeared from above, not too many to be of much worry. The sound of crickets and owl-like calls echoed in the distance. This forest was divided by the river, and the forest itself divided two mountain ranges from the left and right. These mountain ranges were not as high as Clawtooth, at least not by memory they were, but they still gave an impression of just how big they were. Suddenly, in the distance, a bright light lightened up the sky to the point that it seemed like morning already, before it faded back into darkness. \"You know what that was Arlie?\" Henry asked, she shook here head before answering \"No actually, I've seen these streaks many-a-time in my life before, but that was something new. Maybe one of the streaks fell from the sky and hit the ground. Any ways, I'd like to ask you a question, all of you actually.\" Henry rolled his eyes, thinking he knew what her question was gonna be. \"What is it you guys fear most?\" Her actual question was, far off from what he'd expect. Ben answered first \"To be honest, my fear is actually being alone again. I don't like being alone, freaks me out so much. Arlie?\" Arlie replied \"Well Ben, my fear is being confined to small spaces, or being trapped underneath something. How about you Chris?\" \"I fear the dark, well you know, complete darkness.\" Chris said, soon followed by Mike and Jess, who both feared falling. \"What about you Ethan, Fifi?\" Arlie asked. To which Ethan replied \"The fear of thunder and lightning is mine.\" \"Don't get me started on the un-natural weather, like hurricanes and tornadoes, if I see one of those you won't see me in a long time. That's for sure.\" Fifi answered afterwards. It was only at this point Henry realized everyone was looking at him. \"You want to know what I fear? The only thing I fear, is fear itself.\" Henry answered, but as he walked away he was blocked by Arlie \"Ey, what gives?\" Henry asked, seeing Arlie's face he knew she wasn't satisfied with his answer. Arlie argued \"Henry, me and Ben have led to believe there's another thing you fear, at least one other thing you fear. You don't have to tell us what happened, just, what is it you fear most?\" Henry was about to retort back, when he thought better not to. \"Fine, I'll tell you, and even better, I'll show you!\" Henry said aloud, a thing not many of the others expected. He sighed very heavily, as if not wanting to do it. But, using his snout, he drifted around the dried up river bed so that a picture was forming. Once he was done, the others were more confused than answered. \"Um, you're afraid of the sun?\" Ben asked, Henry had made a circle with lines coming out of it. \"Well, it's not the sun I'm worried about, it's what happens to it.\" Henry said grimly, using his snout again, this time, he got rid of the lines, and filled in the circle. Afterwards, he made lines that weren't connected to the circle, but rather made a sort of halo-like ring around the circle. It took a moment for everyone to understand, but then Ethan said \"Oh, you mean, you're afraid of that ?\" To which everyone but Henry looked at him. \"Wait, yeah I know this too. Henry, this is the only other thing you fear?\" Ben asked. Arlie interrupted them all of a sudden \"Can someone tell the rest of us what's going on?\" Everyone who knew what it was didn't really want to talk about it. \"I'll tell you Arlie. You know that every four weeks, the moon we see in the night fades away into nothing, then comes back again? Well, every few decades, when the moon fades completely, it has a chance of blocking out the sun. And very rarely, does it completely block it out momentarily. That is what I fear most Arlie, is when the sun is completely blocked out.\" Henry explained, however Arlie still had too many questions. \"Wait, how can something as simple as the sun being blocked out be so terrifying? Is it about what happened you you? Or is it to do with your older fami-\" \"You know there comes a time when even the ones who think they'll never get annoyed of bickering do so anyways, and that's just happened now. Arlie, we had an agreement not to talk about my past, or my old family. I gave you enough information for you to figure out most of it, but there's one thing about that day I haven't, and won't, tell you. Ever since I met you I noticed that you've become more interested in this one topic, so let me give you good advice. Don't dig into someone so much they give in, it shatters their sense of one's morality. Oh and Arlie, before I stop talking, I don't directly fear the blocking out, it's what happens next that you don't want to hear.\" Henry said in a serious tone, with almost no look of emotion on his face, that was until he stopped talking, where he grew a more depressive manner while walking. What made Arlie so curious was that whenever the topic was mentioned, he would always do something similar: Loose most emotion, do a slight speech to warn her or someone else, and then walk again. It was as if he was using it as a defense, defending what he wanted best left alone. Arlie thought best to leave it for a while, as forcing it wouldn't result in anything good. Midnight struck, and so far nothing much had happened while they were walking, that was until they heard a twig snap in the forest. Stopping, they all waited to see if they would hear, or see what made that noise. Nothing happened for the next minute of silence, but just before they were about to move, another twig snapped, followed by three pairs of eyes lighting up in the dark. Henry, Ben and Arlie knew exactly what they were, however, the others didn't. \"Guys, do not make a sound, those are allosaurs, natural predators to almost all of us here.\" Arlie explained, before adding \"Apart from you two, Ethan and Fifi.\" They soon heard growling from where the eyes were, and soon afterward they all jumped out of the forest, ready to attack. However, they never expected not just one, but two sauroposeidon roaring at them. It was obvious that there was no way they could mess with them, as the three allosaurus dinosaurs stopped, before walking in the other direction. Everyone knew they would eventually be back, and that they would most likely be following them, but with Ethan and Fifi with them they were protected. The night passed away for the day to begin, and the group had now walked into hilly terrain again, however this time, the cliffs were much more higher than last time. Getting up at least one of the hills was no easy task, especially for the larger dinosaurs such ad Henry, Ethan and Fifi. Ben was the only one who could get to the very top and see how much river there was. Looking around the river seemed to zig-zag slightly but remained in fairly straight path. There were patches of forest along with patches of rock and dirt, and over in the horizon the terrain seemed to be less intense as over where they were at. Ben told everyone all of this before saying they should go down the hill. After a rough time going back down, they decided to walk alongside the dried up river, which was pretty simple as the forest had a nice, fairly flat stone path between it and what was the river. However, it soon led to a grassy path through the forest and up another, though shallower hill. Large, grey rocks of all sizes and shapes littered the side, and a small tree with an easily accessible amount of red berries was seen in the middle. \"Henry, you might want to see this!\" Chris called out, pointing to something only a few feet away from the tree. At first it looked like a rock that tilted toward a boulder that was half in the ground, making some sort of mini arch way. But on the other side, there was a medium sized hole that had been dug out next to said arch way. Around this hole there were faint imprints of hands and feet, about the size of the average critter. \"How interesting, whatever it was it was digging for something.\" Arlie noted. However, it was no time to just stare at it, they had to keep on moving. After walking back down and along the next stretch of path, they came across something even more strange: A bunch of branches put together to make some sort of make-shift shelter. Again, they were surprised, but didn't stay long, as the path had ended. Going up hill, everyone except Ethan and Fifi got up to a higher point, but since the two had such long necks, they could just get their heads to their height. Suddenly, the higher cliff made it so that the path up here got thinner and thinner, to the point at which Henry could of fallen had it not been for Ethan. Arlie offered to be a bridge for Ben, Chris, Mike and Jess when they found a gap in the thin path, with Fifi helping her get back on the other side. When the path had ended, there was a tree full of berries, enough to last them a few more days. Everyone but Henry had gotten to the end of the path, as there was almost no room. As soon as Henry did get to the tree, the ground shifted slightly \"What was that?\" Jess asked, before they realized the thing they were standing on couldn't support them all, and started to fall. The chunk of rock, with the five that were on there, hit Ethan and Fifi, pushing them down the cliff too. Luckily for most, the two sauroposeidons slowed their fall. Everyone had gotten back up, when all of a sudden the three allosaurs were back, confirming that they were indeed following them. Everyone grouped together and remained in their positions. One allosaur could easily dealt with, two would be slightly harder, but three was challenging, as any of them could go to the sides. Ethan and Fifi roared like last time, no success. Slightly worried, Arlie said \"Running is a no go, these things will just straight up charge at us, if we hold our ground they'll still charge eventually. So um, what options do we have?\" The allosaurs were slowly getting closer \"Ben, you're a fast runner right? If so, distracting them could be an option.\" Ethan suggested. Ben quickly replied with \"Are you crazy!? These are Allosaurs, designed to kill things like me.\" \"Got any brighter ideas hot-shot?\" Henry asked, upon thinking about it, it was clear that there was really no other option. Running as fast as he could, Ben raced past all three, who took the bait. As they wandered off, Ben emerged from the forest, slightly to the right of where the allosaurs left. Everyone was happy, for now, that they were temporarily gone. The clearing they were in would make them stand out, so they thought best to be at least closer to the edge of the forest, which was now made of silver birch trees. But just as they were walking along just fine... \"Hello.\" A distinct male voice called out, everyone stopped in their tracks when they heard it, looking around they couldn't see anything that could make the voice, until it added \"We thought you were going to die, but then you didn't.\" Confused, they looked into the forest, only to find they were looking at it all along. When they found it, it slowly walked out of the forest, revealing it to be a styracosaurus. \"Um, hello there. What is your name?\" Arlie asked, before he said \"They call me Forest Woodbush.\" A/N: Surprised? Eh, bet you can see how close they are to getting back home, however the story isn't nearly finished. I might not be able to post the next three chapters this week coming, as I've been given some work to do from Friday to Wednesday. I might get at least one chapter but who knows? Any ways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy), and if a review/PM is helpful enough, I'll send a PM of 5 lines of the next chapter. I'll see you next chapter! Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, Jake, Ethan and Fifi are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Next Chapter title: Only a Matter of Time[Chapter 13] Chapter 13: Only a Matter of Time. \"So uh, it's just you here?\" Ben asked, Woodbush shook his head slightly, before saying \"No, my friends are here too. This one here is Fury, he protects me from the creatures that crawl in the night. This is Destructor, she protects me from mosquitoes. That one there is Dream-crusher, he protects me from having unrealistic goals. And this is Debbie...\" Woodbush and the others had a long moment of awkward silence. Not wanting to stall for too long, Arlie said \"Um, give us a minute, will ya'?\" before arranging her and the others so they were in a circle. Arlie whispered \"Okay, so uh, we'll have to have him come along with us.\" \"Are you crazy!? He's a complete loon .\" Ben whispered when arguing, trying not to raise his voice too high. Henry responded with \"Look, no matter who we find, we're gonna have to take them with us. If Ethan and Fifi are right, then the sun blocking will happen in a couple of days, and when it does, anything that's not on the other side of Clawtooth will be in complete danger. We need as many to be on the other side before that happens, so we're gonna have to have him with us whether some of us like it or not. Understand?\" Everyone else was momentarily speechless, before Ethan said \"You heard him guys, we're keeping him with us.\" Everyone broke from the circle, facing toward Woodbush again. \"Would you mind coming with us, we're heading over to Clawtooth mountain and could really use some help. We can protect you from anything else that's bad while your friends help us with things we can't defend against. It's a win-win for sure.\" Arlie asked, again, the awkward silence filled. Until Debbie chirped several times, prompting Woodbush to reply \"Good idea. We'll come with you guys.\" and so the group had an extra member. They started walking again, following where the river would normally be. As they walked, the surrounding area was a lot more open than before, the high hills, which had more trees on the sides than rock showing, were further from the river, leading an enormous stretch of flat land, with small, fine grass on the surface. The bank of the river was more steep and stony, and the sun was making the shadows of objects grow longer. After a few minutes the flat turned into shallow hills, which had both trees, grass, and rocks here and there. At the bottom of said hills there were a couple of trees that had fallen down, but not all of them. The boulders were from the size of Arlie to bigger than Ethan, a variety of size that proved surprising to Chris, Mike and Jess. Mike decided to get off of Arlie and walk a bit; they hadn't walked for a while. The forest had made the path very narrow in terms of scale, and it was starting to get annoying for the larger dinosaurs. Mike got to the front to see where they were going, and moved a branch that was on the ground to find that behind it was a critter. It was tiny, with brown and white fur, it's shape like a gopher, and two small ears on the top. It looked at Mike in shock, before running off. Mike followed it, prompting everyone else to follow Mike. Him and the gopher ran until the thing popped down a hole, a hole that was surrounded by many, many others. \"Oh, this is going to end well.\" Ben said sarcastically as he saw Mike blow into the hole, a gopher popped out momentarily before crawling back in. Chris came long and blew into it, only just getting one out. Jess blew into another hole, and two popped out. The three laughed, before Ben had a go, only managing to get four out. Arlie went and blew as hard as possible, about eight or nine came out. It was then Henry gave in and had a try, however, not only did he get more than them, but he got every single gopher out, so high in fact that some went higher than Ethan. Everyone laughed as the gophers rained down on them/the ground. After a few seconds, Mike, Jess and Chris realized that they were starting to climb up the three. They yelled whilst running away from the lot to the edge of a small lake. Henry, Arlie and Ben chuckled at the gophers, who went down their holes at the same time whilst making a slightly high-pitched sound. One of the gophers suddenly popped out of a hole next to Jess, before biting her. The sudden, but short pain was enough to make her trip over into the pool of light blue water. Mike and Chris jumped in to have a swim, before Ben and Arlie were next to follow. Ethan, Fifi and Woodbush stayed put on the edge, while Henry was thinking about going in as well. Teasing, Arlie raised her voice. \"Come on Henry, it's big enough for you to jump into.\" However, she soon regretted it when Henry took the words literally and actually did jump into the small pool. The splash alone was big enough to drench everyone around. Henry popped out from underwater, shyly saying \"Oops\", before he too was splashed by Mike, who used his tail. Henry retorted, by using his tail to splash Arlie, Ben, Mike, Chris and Jess, before all five splashed back. Everyone had a good laugh while doing this, and the moment was too good to stop. It was an hour before they decided to get out, doing their best to get all the leaches off of them. Mike and Chris wondered off in front of everyone to explore, forcing everyone to do the same. By the time everyone found the two, they were running around in circles. Arlie, being confused, looked down to find rotten berries on the floor, before warning \"Don't eat those berries, their rotten enough to do that to you\", pointing to the two. After a couple more hours, toward dusk, the group found a spot between the forest and a river to rest for the on coming night. As the sun fell down, Henry took note that it had been nine days since he woke up at the beach. The others were sleeping nearby to where he was: next to a nearby cave, or at least it was cave-like, as it was actually a broken archway from either side of the river. Walking to the cave, he set off a light-bug or two, giving him at least some light where the moon was supposed to give. Grass gave way to dirt, which it too gave way to sand, a small patch of it that was below the arch. On it, there were multiple sticks near the edge, but it was the ones in the middle that were most remarkable: eight sticks, with three being away from the other five, two of the three had been placed down and covered with sand, whilst only one of the five had had the same thing done to it. Henry was about to brush them away when- \"I wouldn't do that if I were you Henry.\" Jess said, walking down to where Henry was to look at the sticks, which she did with slight recognition. Henry was confused at what she was actually doing, and before he could ask, she interrupted. \"Look, I may be only a month old, but I have had experience with this sort of thing. To me, the sticks represent creatures like you and I, and the ring around them is meant to say they're connected together, like family. Yeah, this is meant to show two families, one with three members, and one with five members.\" Henry thought for a moment, before asking \"What about the three sticks that are lying down and covered in sand?\", Jess hummed in thinking, before replying \"I think it means that member is, well, no longer here. Like, as if that member is dead.\" The reply was surprising even to Henry, and judging by the five-stick-group, it seemed familiar to him. \"You know, I taught my son Arlo this sort of thing when he was quite young. It almost look similar to how I would do it. Jess, if you were Arlo, would you think I wasn't here any more?\" Henry asked, Jess looked at him in sudden surprise. \"If I was your son, and you went away from my life. I would be heart-broken, yes, but I would always think that one day you'll come back. And look what you're doing, you're trying to get back so that your family doesn't think you're completely gone. That is why you're going back, right?\" She replied. Henry sighed, before responding \"No, that's not the only reason. Ever since Ethan and Fifi came around and told of what might be happening, I've had another reason to get back, which is what I explained a few hours ago when we met Woodbush. Jess, it's been a great talk with you, good ni-\" \"Wait! Before you go, can you answer me something, with complete honesty . Are you really the brave dinosaur that everyone here says you are?\" Jesse asked, Henry stopped in his tracks, before turning around, narrowly missing the top of the broken archway. \"Can you keep a secret?\" Jesse nodded, before Henry continued \"To be honest... I'm not. Yes, there you go, I lied to our friends about who I am, but for two reasons Jess. The first is so that we have a chance of getting to Clawtooth sooner.\" \"And, and the second?\" Jess asked. Once again Henry sighed before he spoke, though much quieter and softer \"Is a secret that I haven't told anyone, not even my current family. I have no intention on telling any of you, or anyone. But I'm starting to feel like Arlie is trying to find out by force.\" Jess walked up to him, before saying \"It's not her fault, she's curious as to why you act the way you do when certain things happen or certain things are said. Curiosity killed the critter you know.\" \"For my son it would be more like 'curiosity killed the poppa', but I see where your coming from. Hopefully she doesn't do anything else. Right then, I um, I guess this is it in terms of out conversation. Anything else you wanted to ask?\" Jess thought, before adding \"Yeah actually, how close to your home do you think we are? And also, what are you going to do when you meet your family?\" which made Henry open his eyelids slightly more, he extended his neck so that it was closer to Jess, and also walked closer to her. \"You know, I feel like we're really close to home now. There's something about this place I find familiar, but I'm not sure. And I'm probably gonna actually tear up a bit for the first time in years, depending on how they react to me coming back. Any ways, I think that's enough talking for tonight, we'll probably have a big day tomorrow. Good night Jess.\" As Jess left Henry to his own self, he looked back to see where she was, before he sighed and looked back to the sticks. \"I wonder if Arlo was here... that can't be right though, I can't imagine him being out here. Though, he might actually be the brave... Nah, don't be so ridiculous, he'd probably be scared beyond his tail out here, still, it would be impressive to know if he did. I'll ask when I see him again, eventually.\" He said to himself as if he was whispering to someone. He decided to rest next to the sticks, before wondering \"Wait, what about the three sticks? Who's family is that?\" A/N: There we go, another chapter, and a bit more mystery about what happened in the past, I kind of feel bad for Henry with what will happen to him (more specifically his personality) in a couple of chapters from now. Any ways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy), and if a review/PM is helpful enough, I'll send a PM of 5 lines of the next chapter. I'll see you next chapter! Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, Jake, Ethan and Fifi are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Next Chapter title: Meteorites and Thunder Claps[Chapter 14] A/N: Quick thing before the chapter starts, this chapter is on the same day as chapter 13. Chapter 14: Meteorites and Thunder Claps The the first glimpse of the sun rose to see the almighty Clawtooth Mountains, which still towered over the small farm as usual. Trees were rustling in the fresh wind, and the grass made that nice wave pattern across the vast stretch of flat land. Clouds were of a minority in the sky, leaving a beautiful shade of purple-to-orange that one would see in the morning. Multiple birds were singing a tune that whistled for miles, as there was little to disturb the peaceful calm. A chicken call ruined the moment, filling the scene with an outrageous sound that made some of the birds fly away. The call was just enough to wake the family, or at least Arlo, who once again had very little sleep. Only just getting up without falling back down in tiredness, he walked out of the house to see the sun in it's almighty glory. Arlo took a deep breath, and then breathed out, before saying \"New day, new opportunities. That's what they would say.\" \"That's what who would say?\" Buck managed to say as he too got out of the house, which was really starting to get a bit small for all of them. \"Never mind, doesn't matter too much. Right, ready to explore the area?\" Arlo replied with confidence on his side. Libby shot out of the house, stopping almost instantly next to the two. \"I wanna come too! I can't wait to see what that thing was!\" She said in excitement. Next thing they knew, Ida came out of the house \"Right then, I know you want to go out of there, but we still need two of here at the farm in case any critters get at the silo. Arlo, pick who you would like to come with you.\" Arlo's mother said, almost as an order. Picking between Buck and Libby; his brother or sister, is a very hard thing to do, as it would almost be like saying which is his favorite sibling. \"Hey I know, Libby can stay here, she's smart when it comes to catching critters by surprise.\" Buck said with a dirty smirk on his face. Libby however did not like the idea, and fought back with \"I think you should stay Buck, you do know how to get things done quick and clean, well maybe not the clean part, but still.\" \"Yes, but you're so unpredictable, so any critters that try to learn from you will have no chance.\" \"True, but you're also faster than me by a long shot, so catching up to them should be a breeze.\" \"You know how to work together with momma better than I do.\" \"And you know how to plan ahead of time.\" \"Enough of this!\" Arlo shouted, not too loud, but enough to make Buck and Libby quiet. \"I don't like seeing you two fight over such ridiculous things. If the object that landed there is interesting enough, well take it back here so the other can see.\" He added, in hopes that the two would stop. However, this only made things worse, as it was now who was going to see it first . \"I wanna go with Arlo, if anything bad happens out there I can make sure he's safe by my side.\" Libby said. \"Ha, since when have you actually helped Arlo form anything?\" Buck asked. \"Says the one who played silly pranks on him for the majority of his life.\" \"Coming from you, laying pranks on both me AND Arlo.\" \"I went easier on Arlo so he would see that I was going for you more.\" \"And? Doesn't change the fact that you still pulled those jokes on him.\" \"Look, I don't know how long this is going to go, so just pick one.\" Ida whispered to Arlo as he watched the two fight. It was going to be a long time before he could decide, with every argument they made for Arlo picking them was another reason why he should pick the one of the two, but they kept giving reasons as to why he should do so. After a few minuted of arguing and deciding later, Arlo had enough of it. \"Eenie meanie miney moe. Catch a critter by the toe. If it wails let it go. Eenie meanie miney moe. Okay, Libby is coming with me!\" Arlo quickly said, it took a moment before the two realised what happened, and by the time they did, Arlo was pushing his sis, while Ida was holding Buck back from chasing after the two. Luckily, they could still get out of the walls, and with their size they could get back in by a tree that was just next to the wall. For Libby and Arlo, the journey was all too new for them, as they had never walked out in this direction before. The flat grass soon ended, as they got to the edge of the forest, and the dirt began to dominate the ground. Since no one came to these parts, it was difficult to even find a straight path to where they were going to, as there was no true clearing in the trees to be seen as a path. Several times they were forced to squeeze between a couple of trees just to continue further, meaning that there was a lot of annoyance. Time ans time again Arlo would get through just in time for the tree to sway back at Libby, a thing that was starting to get too painful. Libby soon had enough of trees hitting her \"Okay, can we actually cut down these trees? They're starting to get annoying.\" She said argument \"Sure thing Libby.\" Arlo replied, before the two made their paths by using their tails to cut down the trees. It was slightly slower then just getting through, but at least it would be quicker on the way back. Eventually, the trees gave way to flattened trees, an advantage for them in terms was walking speed. The area that had been flattened was far larger than they thought an explosion would do, as it was a whole minute before they found the crater. A large, round hole, about 50 feet (15 meters) wide and 45 feet (13.7 meters) deep, and was formed so that there were streaks of soot and ash branching from the middle. \"Whoa.\" Was all Arlo could say as he saw what was in the middle: A large, deformed ball with thousands of holes of different sizes scattered around it, the object itself was a bit smaller than Arlo himself. This was definitely gonna take more than one of them to carry it. Placing one of his feet on it, Arlo found that it was still warm, probably from the sheer speed it hit the ground. At least it wasn't too hot to not carry he thought. Arlo tried pushing it with his head, and eventually it started to roll, Libby then helped, which made it roll faster. However, the problem was getting it out of the crater, the slopes near the edge was so steep it would roll over the two. So they decided to push it backwards, by using their tails instead. As they got to the edge of the crater, the object rolled onto their backs, but not so that one of them would be crushed. It was in a position so that both of them could carry it back home. Interested by it, Libby asked \"What do you think it is?\", \"Was just about to ask you, I have no idea, but it sure is heavy for it's size, that's for sure.\" Arlo replied. They were almost at the edge of the flattened area when all of a sudden, three shadows over-cased the two apatosaurs. Arlo and Libby both tried looking around without letting the object fall off them, but as to their utter surprise, a larger creature bashed into Arlo on the left, making the two loose their balance. Arlo had enough time to see what had hit him: A familiar winged-creature with eyes that belonged to only one. \"Thunderclap?\" Arlo asked in worry as Thunderclap and the two others landed. \"Who else? Definitely not these two over here but still. You still haven't given us tha- \"Spot? Oh right, him. He's gone with his family past the mountains, he's not here with me and Libby.\" Arlo explained, Thunderclap Laughed once before saying \"Libby? Oh, you mean this one, sister I presume. Well then, it appears our delightful meal has gone to his home. Looks like we'll have to feast on something else then won't we guys? Hmm, lets see... Ah yes, how about you Arlo!\" Downpour and Frostbite grabbed hold of Arlo, before picking him up. As they got Arlo beyond Libby's reach, she went to one of the small trees and threw it toward the two, enough to make them let go of Arlo. Thunderclap and Downpour then went to get Libby instead, but Arlo got a much larger tree, surprising them again, it appeared that two of them were needed to just carry one of Arlo or Libby, and there were only three of the winged-creatures. Thunderclap was showing is annoyance \"Agh, you won't quit will you? We tried asking you to give us the critter, you run with it away. You go against our moral code and swept us down the river, and I'm still recovering from your friends bite. And now you won't even let us take you instead!? Just when are you going to let us have a decent meal for once.\" He argued, Arlo thought for a moment, before realizing something he, Libby, and them didn't think earlier. \"There's rumors going around saying a storm unlike any other is coming in a couple of days, when it comes a wave will sweep the land up to these mountains. And when the wave recedes, then you will have a meal of a lifetime. However, before that happens, how about a truce in terms of land usage. We've recently been getting a lot of critters trying to take our corn, and it's gotten to the point at which not all of us can help. Maybe you can help us with that problem, and it'll give you a meal or two. I guess the corn provides this time, doesn't it? What do you say?\" Arlo negotiated, Libby liked the idea, nodding a couple of times while he was speaking. In all fairness he wasn't lying as the critter problem had gotten worse, critters that Arlo didn't even know about would come here and there to try to take some. Thunderclap thought for a moment, before turning around to the others. They sounded like they were discussing things both related and not related to the topic before they turned back around. Frostbite leaped nearer to Arlo \"I do recall that you are not the owner of that, farm is it? You have a mother that probably won't allow us to be anywhere near the place. If you can get her to allow us to do so, then we'll accept.\" \"Okay then, me and Libby were just moving this object back home so the others can see it. Do you think you can lift the thing? It'll make things quicker on our way back home.\" Arlo replied, the three got to the object before lifting it, surprised at it's actual weight \"Well then, this is one heavy mother-\" He stopped as he saw Arlo and Libby walk faster than they could move in the air, which was almost too annoying for them. It took about ten minutes before they managed to get home. Arlo and Libby climbed the tree to get over the wall, whilst Thunderclap and his friends dropped the object, hitting the ground with a loud thump. Buck came over immediately afterwards, only to find the three who dropped it. \"Arlo, Libby, did you bring these guys here?\" Buck asked in a serious manner, Ida then came around the corner to see the same thing. \"What is the meaning of this Arlo? You know these types of creatures aren- \"Momma, you know how we've been getting a lot of unwanted critters recently? Well these guys have offered to help with that. They get to take care of the critters and have agreed to not harm any of us, but we need your say on it.\" Arlo explained. His mother was in deep thought, before replying \"Okay then, as long as they don't harm any of us, they can stay.\" Thunderclap, Frostbite and Downpour were quite surprised to hear that. \"Very well, truce it is Arlo, for now. Once that storm comes over we'll be leaving.\" Thunderclap responded. The sun was setting by now, and Arlo had only just realized what he had done: He made a truce with the ones that not only tried to kill his best friend, but also tried to kill him too. A/N: Okay, I must admit I actually didn't plan this part of the story, but now that I have, the near-ending has been changed to fit these characters in, so there's that. I'm also looking to change the thumbnail of the story so it's not just a render of Henry, to give it a bit more depth. Any ways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy), and if a review/PM is helpful enough, I'll send a PM of 5 lines of the next chapter. I'll see you next chapter! Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, Jake, Ethan and Fifi are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Next Chapter title: Is it Arlo or Henry?[Chapter 15] Chapter 15: Is it Arlo or Henry? Day ten came by, and already the sky was covered in clouds; none of them brought rain. Arlie was the first to wake up, to find that Henry wasn't near them at all, but rather in the cave-like area. Walking slowly as to not wake the others, she got to where Henry was still sleeping. She looked at the sticks, before nudging Henry slightly. \"Henry, wake up.\" She whispered, nothing much happened. Arlie rolled her eyes, before nudging him slightly more \"Henry. C'mon, we need to keep going.\" She said, raising her voice, Henry moved a bit, but alas wasn't any closer to waking up. She soon lost all patience, and decided to jump from the arch down onto him. Her small plan was going well; he hadn't woken up by the time she got to the top of the arch. But it was when she jumped, that's when things went wrong. Henry quickly got up and moved so that Arlie would miss him entirely, falling onto the hard sand. Laughing, Henry asked \"Oh, you didn't think I was awake? Looks like I can fool you better than you can think.\" in a teasing manner. Arlie ignored his comment so that she wouldn't be more annoyed than she already was. It wasn't long before everyone else was awake, and laughed when Henry talked about what Arlie tried to do. \"Hey, what goes around comes around.\" Ben argued. After the moment, they began walking again. The hills started getting higher like before, but still allowed some space for a flat path. The group couldn't risk walking at the river bed, in case another flood washes them away, and the forest/hills would slow them down too much. Sure enough the river flooded once again, back to it's normal depth, however, it now wasn't possible to just go down the river like last time, as Ethan and Fifi's size mean that the river would be too shallow for them to float down; they'd have to walk. Once again, the journey was starting to get a little boring, \"How about we play a game, hide and seek?\" Ben suggested, however no one even looked at him in response \"Go fetch?\" Another idea, no answer \"Um, truth or dare?\" His final question before he would give up, this time Chris and Mike wanted to play. Soon, Jess also wanted in, and then Arlie decided to join. \"Okay then, I go first. Chris, I dare you to... Hmm, aha, I dare you to climb that hill there.\" Pointing to a very high hill, Chris raced up there, and within ten minutes came sliding down. \"Um, wow, you look tired. Right then, your turn Chris.\" Ben said, Chris looked at anyone to choose, before saying \"Mike, truth, what are you going to do when we meet Henry's family?\" Henry frowned slightly, but didn't turn around to argue anything, interested to hear what he would say. \"Well, I'm not really sure at the moment, but I'd probably thank them for being such a great family of his. I mean, if he's nice them I'm sure his family is too.\" Mike answered, Henry couldn't help but smile at the compliment, making sure no one could see him smile. \"I dare Arlie to try and balance on top of Ben, with only one foot.\" Ben gulped, before Arlie climbed, only just managing to succeed for a split second by the time Ben fell to the ground. \"Don't do those sorts of dares Mike, it could lead to someone getting injured.\" Ben warned, then added \"Your turn Arlie.\" \"Ha, I dare Jess to do the most impossible thing to do.\" Arlie said aloud, before whispering to Jess \"I dare you to scare Henry!\". Jess frowned, as she really didn't like the idea of scaring someone she had just befriended. Jess nodded in reluctance, before walking over to Henry. \"What does she want you to do?\" He asked in a flat tone, lifting Jess by his tail so that she was closer to him. \"She wants me to scare you, but there's no way I can do that to someone I like. And even if I did, you're un-scare-able.\" She argued quietly, so that no one else could hear what she was saying. \"Ha, I know just what we can do then.\" Henry responded with a nasty smile. Lowering Jess down after a minute of explaining, Jess ran in front of the group, going up the hill that they were going to pass by. At the top, she could make out the group, who looked so small from where she was, the amount of hills everywhere was slightly overwhelming, but the river showed where they had to go. Clawtooth still wasn't visible from their current location, but it felt near, near enough to keep going. The plan was simple: Make a small landslide that would only just miss the group down at the bottom, and them come back down. It felt like a good plan, as the rocks up there soft and weak enough to create one, the real issue was which direction to send the landslide. Too far to the left and she could actually hit them or even miss, too far to the right and she would miss entirely. After looking at which way the wind was going, the shape of the hill, and where the group were then, she decided to estimate a bit, before knocking as many rocks down as possible. The rocks hit other rocks, which made even more rocks get pushed around. Slowly, a true landslide was being formed, however, a tree was then knocked over, with one of the vines from it wrapping around Jess' foot. She was quickly pulled into the landslide, a thing the group did not see. The landslide got bigger and bigger, until it's rumbling voice was so loud that they could hear it. A split second later, the landslide whizzed passed them, and into the river, in fact the landslide was so big that it filled up a section of the river, with even more dirt, stones, boulders and trees making a pile on top of the filled-in river. Everyone, including Henry jumped when they saw just how massive it was, and everyone was waiting for Jess to come down. However, they were mortified to hear a muffled call form inside the landslide. Before anyone could even think, Henry rushed over to find her before it was too late, lifting boulder upon boulder behind him, the pile got smaller and smaller. After every boulder had been moved, he went onto trees, and eventually found Jess coughing from what just happened. \"Okay, lets never do that thing again . I'm sorry Jess, for what happen-\" \"Don't be so sorry, I was the one who agreed to your plan.\" Jesse responded, coughing a few times afterwards. \"Plan? You mean Henry intentionally wanted you to make that to scare him?\" Arlie asked. Henry instantly turned around \"Yes, cause that's another thing I fear!\" He argued, his voice raised above normal, Arlie stepped back at the sudden comment, both confused and annoyed. \"Okay seriously, you have the most weirdest fears I've ever heard of.\" Everyone turned to Arlie \"You call fearing a landslide weird? Next time a landslide happens I'll push you in front of it and see if you fear it then.\" Ethan argued, backing Henry. \"Okay guys, lets not get into an argument now, we can argue when we at least get to Clawtooth, but for now we need to keep walking!\" Ben was almost shouting, everyone went quiet, before they all started walking again. A few hours went by, and they were getting closer and closer to home. The clouds still covered the sky, but that didn't stop the light from darkening, signaling the end of the day. They had found another clearing to rest for the night, and hopefully they could make it back home by tomorrow. \"Right then guys, Clawtooth Mountain should be anytime near, so this should be our last resting spot before we get Henry back home. Three-peaked mountain here we come!\" Arlie said, everyone sat/layed down. \"Clawtooth Mountain, reminds me of this fellow who almost got killed, he had a little critter with him and named it, um, Spot was it?\" Woodbush said, catching the attention of Henry, Arlie, Ben and Jess. Everyone else was confused, \"Wait, you encountered the brave dinosaur?\" Arlie asked. \"Sure did, can't remember what his name was. I think it was-\" Jess interrupted quickly \"Henry!\" Arlie expressed an emotion similar to one raising an eyebrow, before glancing at Henry. \"Hmm, ah well. Good night guys.\" She said, her suspicious tone transforming to sweet and soft near the end. Everyone fell asleep pretty quickly, apart from one member. Henry woke up to find that he and the others were walking up a mountain with two distinct peaks. \"Wait, did I sleep late again? Where are we?\" He asked, Arlie came up to him shortly afterwards before explaining \"You don't know? We're going up Clawtooth Mountain!\" as they walked further, Henry looked at the mountains, to find that a third peak was in front of one of the other two. He was finally coming home, they got to the top to look down at the farm. There was no corn left in the fields, and he could see four figures near the farm house. \"Whoa, slow down!\" Arlie said as Henry started to run down faster than the others could. He raced down to the bottom within a minute, and continued to fun through the trees if it meant seeing them again after so long. He didn't care if the trees hurt slightly or made slight cuts on him, the faster he ran would mean the sooner it will be for him to meet his family. And sure enough, he broke through the edge of the forest, not looking back to see the clearing he made behind him. The farm was about a couple hundred feet from where he stood, and the figures were more distinct. He could see Libby, Buck, Ida, and finally, Arlo. It didn't take long before his presence was felt by at least one of them, and at first he thought they wouldn't recognize him. That was, until Arlo shouted \"Poppa!\", which was enough to set Henry and Arlo running to each other. When they met, they quickly embraced, Ida, Libby, and Buck quickly followed, leaving all five in a solid family hug. \"We missed you so much.\" Ida said, nearly in tears. \"I thought you had been swept by that river.\" Arlo followed. \"I thought so too, but a few friends came by and helped me back home.\" Henry replied, Arlie, Ben, Mike, Chris, Jess, Ethan and Fifi came into the area, the family stood in awe at the size of the sauroposeidons. \"Thank you guys for bringing him home!\" The four said, \"I can't thank you enough Arlie for what you did. Getting to finally see my family was something I thought I could never do. Which is why I'll offer you guys to stay here.\" Henry added. She and the others accepted, saying that they would do their part in helping with any crops after winter. \"Henry, while you were gone some others like you and us came and wanted to stay for a bit. I hope you don't mind, do you?\" Ida asked, Henry couldn't see them anywhere, but realized they would be in the farm house. Walking over there, he noticed that there was a fifth mark on the silo, and went over there first. \"Arlo, you got your mark?\" Arlo smiled \"Earned it, like you wanted. Too bad you weren't here to see me place it, you would of been so proud.\" He replied. \"I'm already proud of you Arlo.\" Henry said, before turning around to see the farm house. Just who was in there? Walking slowly, not wanting to go away from his family, he went over to the farm house. The area around the farm hadn't changed much at all, and the river flowed in the normal direction as it would. He took note that the sky was also it's clearest, with no clouds or anything to be seen blocking the sky. The sun was low down, and there was no sign of it being blocked. Henry went around the corner to get to the entrance, but once he did, he saw five apatosaurs that he made him shiver. It was his family, not as in Arlo, Buck, Libby and Ida, but his old family. His mother, father, and his three siblings. \"Um, why are you guys here, you should be gone!\" Henry said, raising his voice, flashbacks to times when he was with his family appeared before him. And then it was their look that made him afraid most; they had a look that ultimately said \"please save us!\". None of them even said a word or even moved, they just stood where they were like statues: lifeless, and ever-more creepy looking. Henry launched off the ground, heavily panting. Looking around, it was still night time, his friends were still sleeping, and Clawtooth Mountain was no where to be seen. Sighing in relief, he walked over to a nearby hill to see the many stars that showed in the sky. His heart was still pounding from what happened a mere moment ago, but at least he knew it was just a nightmare. \"Hey!\" Jess said, slightly too aloud. Henry leaped up in surprise. \"Oh, sorry, I didn't know you were this timid right now. I'm guessing you witnessed something you didn't want to see.\" Jesse added. Surprised, Henry said \"Yes, how did you kn-\" Jesse interrupted \"Because I'm normally like that after I had a nightmare, we all get them you know. Henry, we both know Clawtooth Mountain isn't too far, which means that a certain someone will be expecting you to tell your little secret after you greet your family. You know you don't have to, but I can tell you're stressing from what might happen if you do say.\"Henry felt a bit more relaxed and calm hearing what she said, as it was true. \"Jess, I want to say thank you for covering up what Woodbush could of said, I don't know what to do in return to be honest.\" Henry said, Jesse replied \"You could give me a hint at something you don't want to say. Unless that's too mu-\" \"Actually, that's a good idea. I'll only say a few of words, but I'm sure you can easily figure it out when I go back. Landslide, wave, sun blocking, family. I best be off then, good like figuring how they connect.\" Henry said, a more cheerful tone for the last sentence, as he walked away, Jess sat down on the ground and looked up at the sky, before \"Oh, oh my god Henry, that's your secret!?\" she said in a very worried tone. \"I just hope Arlie doesn't push him too far, she doesn't know what's gonna hit her if she does.\" A/N: So Jesse sort-of-understands Henry's past, but hasn't really got any confirmation on it. This chapter was meant to isolate the fact that Henry hasn't told anyone that he's not the 'brave dinosaur', and that his lies are starting to crack. Also, I managed to link this chapter with the end of the story, and I got to say that there's not too many chapters left, unfortunately. Any ways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy), and if a review/PM is helpful enough, I'll send a PM of 5 lines of the next chapter. I'll see you next chapter! Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, Jake, Ethan and Fifi are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Next Chapter title: Rustler Storm[Chapter 16] Megalex: Oh hey there, I just wanted to say thanks for the amount of views this got, I actually never expected to get this many from this story. Maybe if this gets enough I might think about another story, not related to this one though. Any ways, I got Arlie here to read some of the questions you have sent in. First is by Lord Candycane and AJ (finally another reviewer! ^-^) who both ask if we're gonna see the T-Rex's soon. Arlie: Well, we're actually gonna see them pretty soon in this story, very soon. So um, what's the next question? Megalex: Well, again it's by Lord Candycane, and they wonder what'll happen when Henry's secrets are revealed. Arlie: Ugh, don't remind me of what happened when he finally said it, it was just so h- Megalex: And that's all the questions we have left. Time for the next chapter! Chapter 16: Rustler Storm Jess looked back at the star-filled sky, there were so many up above one couldn't count every single one of them, some were brighter, some were redder, some of them didn't even twinkle. But they all shone brightly, and looking closely one could see a thin band where there were more stars than the rest of the sky. Every now and then a bright streak would shine for a mere moment, like a thin cut that would close itself. Crickets chirped throughout the grass and bushes, and the peace that hung was spectacular. However, like always, the peace couldn't last forever. A voice behind, one that she could recognize. Followed by another, more distinct reply. Jess quickly hid inside the nearest bush, before peaking through the hole that she made. The two voices belonged to Arlie and Ben, who were probably woken up by Henry when he went back down the small hill. She was close enough to them so that she could hear, but not too close so that they could see her. \"So Arlie, why did you bring me out here.\" Ben asked quietly, knowing that they could easily wake the others up. \"As I said when we came up the hill, I wanted to talk to you about, well, a few things. First off, what exactly do we plan on doing when we get Henry home?\" Arlie asked \"Like, we can't just stay there, his family probably has enough trouble with feeding themselves for this winter without us.\" \"Arlie, if we can't stay there then we can just find somewhere near to stay, so we can visit them often. They'll probably want us to stay anyways.\" Sighing, Arlie looked at Ben \"Okay then. Second thing, I need to get this off of my mind. Henry he's um, not the usual dinosaur I've met before, like, where I live no one just keeps something to themselves like this. I don't know, I just want to help him, but I can't unless he tells what he's dealing with.\" \"To be honest Arlie, I feel same. He is definitely not like any others we've met. So what are you going to do tomorrow?\" Ben asked. \"Ben, I don't have a clue what to do, but if he's not busy I'll try asking him. I wan't to help him before he gets home, and with Clawtooth Mountain probably being a days walk away there's not much time to ask.\" Jess had enough of what she was hearing, and decided to go out of the bush. \"Well if you do then Arlie, make sure you don't pressure him too much.\" Jesse warned, both Ben and Arlie were surprised to see here come out of no where, and was confused by what she was saying. Just realizing what was happening, Ben asked \"Jess, were you eavesdropping on what we were saying?\" \"Yes, 'cause I wanted to know if you had anything about Henry. You don't know what he's been through Arlie, and if you push it too far, you're not going to like what'll be thrown back at you.\" Jesse now had a much more serious tone, but her second attempt at warning them only made things more bad than good. \"Wait wait wait, did he tell you what happened?\" Arlie asked, Jess quickly moved forward a step before replying \"No, not directly, but he said a couple of words and I sort of got what he meant, not too sure so you can't go by my word. And before you ask, no, I'm not going to tell you what words he said, 'cause unlike you I actually trust him.\" Jess turned sharply, before walking down the hill. Arlie and Ben glanced at each other in slight worry, then looked back at the sky. Day 11. The group had started walking alongside the river, which had already drained throughout the night. This time the weather was slightly more harsh, with the wind picking up and massive clouds rolling by, some of them being thunder clouds. Hills towered over the group just like the day before, however these were more covered in trees than before. Nothing too much happened for a while, at least, nothing out of the ordinary. One particular stormy cloud started drifting their way, a very large one in fact. The wind got faster and louder as any other storm would, and the odd thunder and lightning occurred on the hill opposite to them. Things got stranger when the river filled back up again, however this time it over filled, and the path that the group were taking was soon flooded. Ethan started to worry due to the thunder and lightning, but a reassurance from Fifi and Ben compensated for that. It was only then things got extreme, a large twister was forged on the same hill as the lightning, large and fast enough to probably pick Arlie up, but not enough to pick Henry up. \"We should probably go up that hill over there.\" Ben suggested, pointing to the hill on their left. They were influenced enough by the flooding river yet alone the freak weather. The twister soon got bigger, making Arlie, Henry and Fifi uncomfortable. Half way up the hill they were when the second twister came down, followed by a loud rumble of a landslide, and the deep roar of a wave. All of these things influenced everyone enough to go behind the hill, away from the river. By the time they got down the hill, the storm had picked up a lot of the dirt and dust. The storm had made it so that the group couldn't see where they were going, and unfortunately they were going further from the river than before. Winds were still picking up, and some of the dead trees started being thrown around. Sounds of lightning hitting nearby emerged around them, but nothing was to be seen; the storm was that thick. It took hours before the storm ended, and by the time it did, they had already found a shelter for most of them. The event was so bad that most of them were underneath a few large trees, which were easily taken off of them by Henry. \"You all right guys?\" Henry asked to the three kids, Ben and Arlie, shaking off some twigs and sticks, they all nodded. \"Well then, now to find the- oh right we lost it.\" Ben said sarcastically. \"Hey, none of us are to blame here.\" Arlie responded \"The storm was too intense to stay down there, plus the river was flooding, no doubt it's already drained, again .\" Looking around, there were some salt ponds; hot springs almost. More to the right there were medium-height trees that scattered the area of soft dirt, the average distance between each tree being the length of Arlie. \"Right then, lets see if we can find somewhere that could tell us where Clawtooth Mountain is or which direction is.\" Ethan announced. \"Or maybe we could ask them for directions.\" Chris suggested, looking over to several small, but slick figures who happened to noticed them just when they all looked over. They ran almost as fast as Ben could towards the group, and when they got close enough, they could easily be identified. They were a bunch of raptors, each with a distinct look, but all had blue feathers on their back and sides. And what made it worse was that these ones looked hungry, as is they hadn't eaten in days. \"Howdy.\" Ben looked behind to see one of them just behind him. Cautiously he backed away from them as they advanced, looking as if they were about to pounce. Ethan and Fifi roared toward them, which was effective in terms of making them move back, but not effective enough to fully scare them. In fact it mildly amused them. \"Looks like someone's in a fit.\" The female said. \"Yes Lurleane, a bunch of trespassers ready for the taking. What be your names?\" Another replied, most likely the alpha male. Slightly annoyed, Arlie replied \"The two that roared at you are called Ethan and Fifi, the fast one here is Benjamin, Ben for short. These three here are Mike, Chris and Jess, and behind us is Henry.\" The raptors grew curious at the last name, as they couldn't see anyone behind them. But sure enough there he was, as Ethan and Fifi went back they could see him behind them, and almost instantly upon seeing him they backed up. \"You got him with you!?\" A third said, slightly more jittery than the first two. \"First, what are your names? Second, you know him?\" Arlie snapped. \"The name's Bubbha, leader, over there is Lurleane, the smart one, we have Earl the crazy. And finally there's Pervis the clown. And we will certainly make sure to have you all before your friend here doesn't strike us out again with his three friends and mangy critter.\" Bubbha replied, however, Henry had enough. Walking forward, they all backed up. \"And I will make sure you don't escape a second time. My advice to you is to beat it before you get what's really coming.\" Henry said sternly. \"Wait a moment, you're not him are you? You're definitely much taller and deeper in voice, plus you're not as afraid.\" Lurleane said. \"Our species grow pretty quickly if you didn't know, and I'm not afraid of a bunch of rustlers anymore.\" Henry quickly explained before any conflict between him and anyone else, and sure enough they bought it. Henry walked faster than normal, enough to make them run out without looking back. Everyone looked stunned when Henry looked back to check on them. \"Henry, holy wow. Thanks for saving our butts back there. Too bad we couldn't get any directions from them. Well, lets keep searching.\" Ben said, and so they kept searching for anything, or anyone that could give directions to Clawtooth. Turns out finding those things were more difficult than they expected, in fact it took them most of the day to find anything at all, and when they did, it turned out to be the wrong mountain. \"Look, we're not going to find anything, let's just walk in a certain direction and see where that takes us.\" Ben suggested, but Jess noticed something out in the distance. \"Um, guys, is that what I think it is?\" Jess called out, the group looked where she was looking at. And saw the silhouette of another long-necked dinosaur. It seemed to be looking a bit to the left of them, but behind it was another figure. This one was more carnivorous-looking, a shadow of a T-Rex, and it looked to be moving toward the long-necked dinosaur. \"Oh no, the creature doesn't know what's behind it, lets get to it before that thing does!\" Arlie suggested, but they wouldn't expect what would happen next. A/N: Well, I wonder what's going to happen next, too bad the next chapter is back at the farm, oh and, lets just say the next two chapters are very, very surprising. Any ways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy), and if a review/PM is helpful enough, I'll send a PM of 5 lines of the next chapter. I'll see you next chapter! Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, Jake, Ethan and Fifi are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Next Chapter title: Emotional Weather[Chapter 17] A/N: This chapter happens on the same day as chapter 16, and the same night as chapter 18. Chapter 17: Emotional Weather The weather over at the farm was better, with almost no clouds in sight, and no haze near the horizon. Any clouds that were around were mere wisps; light clouds easily shaped by the wind. Clawtooth stood tall and strong as it always had been, with the snow covering more of the top, and for once, the river was available for around half an hour, enough time to have a good drink. Thunderclap and his friends were soaring above, a morning flyby in other words. From up there; higher than the tops of Clawtooth, they could see just about anything down below. After reaching a high enough height, they dived down, exiting from their dive just before they were too close to the ground. Arlo and his family watched in amazement at their stack of flying tricks. As Thunderclap and his friends landed, Arlo said excitedly \"Wow, you guys are good!\" \"Well it's just a thing we do when we're not searching for food. Now what do you have here?\" Thunderclap asked as he laid eyes on what they were working on. \"Oh, that, we're making a replica of someone really special.\" Arlo replied, trying not to think about it too much. Taking it the wrong way, Thunderclap offered \"Ah, lemme guess, father? Where is he right now? We can search for him if he's lost.\" Thunderclap and the others started to fly up, but Arlo quickly said \"No, it's not like that. He's um, not here anymore.\" To which they came back onto the ground. \"Oh, oh I'm sorry for your loss, I didn't mean to-\" \"No, it's okay. You didn't know.\" Arlo said coldly. \"But uh, can you tell us how he died?\" Downpour said, Thunderclap was about to hit him when Arlo came in between the two \"It's all right, I can explain. If you want to know then it's fine, honest.\" He said, reluctantly they moved away so that the rest of the family couldn't hear. Arlo explained everything that happened on that day, which didn't really take that long to explain. By the time he finished, the family had attached the body piece to the leg pieces. However, there was one problem they quickly realized; because of the way they had first planned the replica to look, they wouldn't be able to attach the neck piece to the body piece properly, which could result in the two pieces eventually breaking apart. Something that was not needed as of now, and to make things worse there looked to be no way of solving this, moving the thing so that it was on its side wasn't going to help either. The tail piece wasn't so bad in this case, it could actually be added on easily, so they focused on that. \"Look, we can't finish the thing if we're not able to fit that part on. Yes we can make it, but since we can't put the thing on it's not going to be finished until we find a way to do so.\" Libby argued at Buck, who had offered to try himself. \"We could help.\" Frostbite offered, to which the family looked at them. \"Since we can fly, isn't it possible of us to lift the piece, then you can fit it on properly.\" He explained, and it was a good idea, though the only idea that could actually be done. \"Thanks for the offer, but we have to make the pieces first. Why not explore the area while we're busy, maybe go up the river and see if you can find anything that could be of use.\" Arlo suggested, before winking. It took a bit of time before they knew what he meant, and left the family to their business. Over across the mountain, Thunderclap, Frostbite and Downpour glided down. \"So what is it we're looking for exactly?\" Frostbite asked, Thunderclap rolled his eyes \"The little squirm implied that we could search for his father, and that's what we're looking for. Just look for a creature with a long neck and is green. He'll probably stand out against these trees.\" He explained, and so the search began. As the day went by, they followed where the river used to be, seeing if anyone was near that resembled what they were searching for, or if they encountered/knew where he was. They met a lot of creatures, but they mainly gave the description more that of Arlo than anyone else. \"Well, that's over ten miles of river and no one here can give a good description. Let's go back, but this time, diverge from the river just before we hit Clawtooth, we might find something if we go away from it.\" Thunderclap ordered, they turned around and headed back, this time however they noticed more critters going in the same direction as they were. Five miles from Clawtooth and they diverged from the river, still keeping a close eye on the river just to make sure it wasn't fully out of sight form a certain height. Many more hours went by, and the evening sun was soon to go over the horizon. But in the distance, they saw a heard of longhorns, and in the middle was a group of ten figures. Three of which happened to be the same T-Rex's they encountered a while back. Not wanting another dispute, they left the area just as the figures saw them. Heading back to Clawtooth unable to find him, they almost worried what Arlo might think. Clawtooth looked different from behind, mainly because there was actually a fourth peak that's hidden from the front, and going over them was even weirder. The farm at a distance stood to it's natural presence, and the walls around it looked tiny from where they were. Landing down, it was evident that they had finished all pieces. \"What took you so long, we've been waiting for a good couple of hours!\" Buck complained, Thunderclap assured them \"Ah we had gotten carried away and went too far, we thought we saw something but unfortunately we couldn't get to it, sorry for the long wait. Now, you got the pieces made I see, lets do this before the sun goes down.\" He and his friends grabbed hold of the neck piece, a little heavy at first, but proceeded to lift it up. The piece got to a height at which it could then be adjusted into place, and then afterwards be tied together with the main piece. Now the only thing that was needed was the head, a task that was too high for Ida to do, Downpour looked at the way the other pieces were tied together, before doing the same with the head and neck. After about two minutes, the head piece was finally fixed into place, and the replica was finished. The replica was taller than the farm house, and only just smaller than the silo. It captured Henry's usual pose, head high in the air, and a big smile across the face. Light green leaves were placed on the surface of the replica to make it even more similar, and it was placed so that the replica, the farm house and the highest peak of Clawtooth Mountain were aligned. Unintentionally, the sun was also in line with all three; a long shadow casting from the replica. Buck, Libby and Arlo awed at the sight, while Ida, Thunderclap, Downpour and Frostbite stood proudly at what they had made together. However, the moment suddenly came to a close when the clouds opened up, releasing an enormous amount of rain, forcing everyone to get inside. \"Aw shoot, it had to rain on our parade didn't it?\" Buck complained, however it meant nothing to Arlo, the replica was made and that's all that mattered to him. \"Ey Thunderclap, did you find anything else 'interesting' along the way?\" He asked, to which Thunderclap shook his head. This meant to him that his father was no where in the area they looked, and no one had any knowledge of him at all. That may had made him loose most of his hope, but not the beliefs his father told him. \"Hey, once upon a younger year When all our shadows disappeared The animals inside came out to play Hey, went face to face with all our fears Learned our lessons through the tears Made memories we knew would never fade One day my poppa he told me \"Son, don't let it slip away.\" He took me in his love I heard him say \"When you get older Your wild heart will live for younger days Think of me if ever you're afraid.\" He said, \"One day you'll leave this world behind So live a life you will remember.\" My poppa told me when I was just a child These are the nights that never die My poppa told me When thunder clouds start pouring down Light a fire they can't put out Carve your name into those shining stars He said, \"Go venture far beyond these shores. Don't forsake this life of yours. I'll guide you home no matter where you are.\" One day my poppa he told me \"Son, don't let it slip away.\" When I was just a kid I heard him say \"When you get older Your wild heart will live for younger days Think of me if ever you're afraid.\" He said, \"One day you'll leave this world behind So live a life you will remember.\" My poppa told me when I was just a child These are the nights that never die My poppa told me These are the nights that never die My poppa told me My poppa told me\" \"Nice singing you have Arlo. Where did you even learn do do that?\" Downpour asked. \"Just the same way you learned those tricks, when I wasn't too busy being scared by everything, I was learning how to express other emotions, eventually I found that singing was pretty neat and started practicing, and now it's more of a hobby. I just thought now was a good time to lighten the mood a little.\" Arlo explained, before looking outside, the rain was getting worse. In fact there was more rain pouring down than any of them had ever seen. \"You know, when I was young-\" \"You're still young Arlo.\" Ida corrected. \"When I was youn ger , I used to always think of weather as a series of emotions. When it was sunny I'd see it as happiness, when there was a rainbow I'd call it hope. You get the idea right?\" Everyone around him looked confused, not understanding how he saw it. \"Like, if someone up there were to give a sign of what he or she was feeling, the weather in the sky is their sign.\" he tried explaining a bit better. Sort of getting by what he meant, Libby asked \"Arlo, if that's what you think the weather means, what about that?\" Pointing to the monsoon-like rain, Arlo simply said \"I see it as sadness. Despair, grief, sorrow, you know.\" in a flat tone. Still, no one seemed to understand. \"You know that's not how things work, right?\" Frostbite asked. \"Of course, as I said before, I only thought of it like that when I was younger. Besides, I'm sure this rain will easily g-\" Arlo was interrupted by a sound that they from then on would never forget: A distant sound of a roar, not just any roar, but a mixture of both rage and depression, both a cry for help and an almighty fury to be reckoned with. The roar lasted for a few seconds, but seemed like so much more. A second roar, this time more feeble, which echoed for a shorter time. Then, lightning flashed erratically around the mountains, which only meant one thing. \"It's angry.\" A/N: Okay, now I have to admit that the story may not have as many chapters left, but to compensate for that I'm having a better ending to the story, including what happens next chapter. Any ways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy), and if a review/PM is helpful enough, I'll send a PM of 5 lines of the next chapter. I'll see you next chapter! Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, Jake, Ethan and Fifi are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Next Chapter title: Never Make Henry Hate You[Chapter 18] Chapter 17: Never Make Henry Hate You Just before the group could even start getting to the long-necked dinosaur, Henry was pulled to the ground by the raptors, who had surprise attacked him when the others weren't paying attention. The group stopped and turned around just as he fell to the ground, the raptors trying to cut him. Ben was fastest as usual and bashed a couple of them off, then Arlie came along and swung her tail at another, before Chris, Mike, and Jess managed to take down one of the smaller raptors by surprise. Getting up, Henry had an enormous gash across his left side that was starting to bleed. \"You should stay behind us Henry, just so that thing over there won't target you first.\" Arlie suggested, to which Henry stayed behind Ethan and Fifi, who were large enough to hide Henry behind them. The group went at a medium pace toward the long-necked dinosaur, not wanting to push Henry above limit and not to direct attention to the T-Rex. But just as they were a few hundred yards from the long-necked dinosaur, it split into two more T-Rex', it turned out that the silhouette was just an illusion from a distance. The now three Tyrannosaurs had their attention turned to the group, who were only just now realizing their mistake. They slowly backed up, not wanting to anger them too much, but they were already walking toward them, roaring at them. However, just when they were too close for comfort, they split and went around the sides, going after the raptors that were about to come from the sides instead. It didn't take long for the raptors to run for good, who were all too familiar with what happened last time they tried to attack. Roaring one last time at the direction the raptors ran to, the T-Rex's turned to the already frightened group. \"Hey, you okay there?\" One of them said, this one was more round than the other two, and had more light orange scales too. \"Um, yes... Thanks.\" Ben said, still a bit timid from the possibility of what could happen next. \"Ugh, I hate those kind. Nothing but a bunch of lying rustlers picking on a group of kids.\" Another said, this one had a more rust color to it, and a more defined head. \"Well, the only kids here are these three here, but we see your point.\" Arlie corrected. \"If you want to eat us now then what's holding you back?\" \"Eat you? Ha! We're not into your kind, any of you actually. We have a herd of longhorns a short distance away, so there's no point in killing innocents like you guys.\" The second one explained, before the much bulkier-looking one came up to them \"What business do guys like you have in these areas?\" They asked in a serious tone, the group slowly backed up while Ben said \"None, sir. We're trying to get a good friend of ours back home but lost a river. Please, his family needs him right now.\" They stopped moving toward them at that point. \"A fellow we mat a couple of weeks back said something similar, are you heading to Clawtooth Mountain? The one with three peaks?\" They asked, surprising the group. \"Yes, how did you know that?\" Ethan asked. \"We met a friend who also wanted to go their, saying their momma needed them. In the end they found it and went in that direction. And right now actually we're going over there too. My name's Nash, my sis there is Ramsey and our pa here is Butch.\" Nash said with delight. The group felt more better being near these guys than alone in honesty, and what's more they might actually help them with any Allosaurs that may come by in the future. Arlie felt more pleased to be with them than the others \"This one here is my personal friend Benjamin, though he likes to be called Ben, he may be small but he's very quick. These three here are Chris, Mike, and Jess, small and young, but brave and smart. Ethan and Fifi are the long-necked friends we found in the desert, their a bit slow but their size isn't to be messed with easily. And our friend at the back is Henry, there's not much actually to say about him, apart from how he's much less scared of things than any of us. And I'm Arlie, I found Henry at the beach after he was swept from his family, and since then we've been getting him back to his home.\" Arlie explained. Nash, Ramsey and Butch offered to help them get to Clawtooth, as they knew where it was. The group, who had no idea where it was, took this as the greatest opportunity and accepted. Afterward, they all agreed on finding a place to rest and chat during the night, which was an easy thing to do, as there was a place where all of them, and the longhorns, could do just that. The sun was nearing the horizon, but the place was still lit up, there were no trees or hills nearby to interrupt the perfect flat ground. As Nash, Ramsey and Butch were slowing down the herd of longhorns, three winged-creatures were flying toward the group, turning around just as they all saw them fly by. \"Who were those things?\" Chris asked. \"A group of crawdads, they follow storms and eat any critter that survive said storm, nearly took out a friend of ours.\" Ramsey explained, they had soon started a fire for them all to circle by. As Henry got near he noticed their faces, of course, they hadn't seen Henry as he had been behind the others, but now they could have a good look at him. \"And you are?\" Butch asked. \"H-Henry, nice to meet you B- ouch! Arlie, you know that hurts.\" Arlie tried to ease the pain of the gash from earlier, unintentionally making it worse. \"Sorry, but if it doesn't heal any faster it might scar.\" Arlie explained. \"Sometimes a scar is good, it shows what you've been through on your journey. A scar like that however is nothing, I mean, look at this. I ran into fifthteen outlaw stegos, they're all bigger than me, and meaner than me. Fought 'em off of course, was winning until one gets spiky tail in my leg, and pulls. Still can't feel my toes.\" Nash told, followed by Ramsey \"Which comes in handy when you're kicking piles of bull-\" Nash interrupted \"She's jealous.\" \"Jealous? Ha! Once, a stampede of longhorns was coming right at me, got my tail stuck between a rock and a hard place. I was dead for sure, so I chew the damn thing off.\" revealing her chewed off tail, everyone laughed as they kept speaking \"Who does that? Nobody does that!\" still laughing, Henry noticed the scar that ran across Butch's face. \"Butch, how did you get that scar?\" He asked. \"I don't know if these kids here are ready to hear that story\" \"We can take it!\" Chris, Mike and Jess answered at the exact same time. Butch told his story about how he fought off three crocodiles, reminding some about how Henry fought off two. \"You know, Henry did something similar to what you did, though he looked absolutely fearless.\" Chris said. \"Chris, I was actually quite fearful of that moment, I just have a good way of keeping my fears from showing.\" Henry explained, to which Arlie said under her breath \"I'm sure you do Henry.\" \"Ah, you know, this reminds me of that time that little fellow and his critter came along and met us. What was his name again? Sounds an awful lot like yours.\" Ramsey said, pointing to Arlie. Both Arlie and Ben looked at Henry, who was just realizing who they might be talking about. Henry stood up \"I think the answer to that question is 'Arlo', is it not?\" Henry asked, they looked at him awkwardly \"Yes, that would be his name. You know him?\" Butch asked, Henry grew ever more annoyed \"Know him? He's my son for crying out loud!\" he said. The tyrannosaurs looked at each other in worry \"Uh, what's wrong?\" Henry added. \"Henry, when we talked with Arlo, he said how you weren't scared of anything, and that we would of liked you. But he said in a way that sounded like... well-\" Butch was interrupted by Ramsey \"He sounded like you weren't here anymore. As in he thought you were-\" \"I think I get the picture, I can't say thanks to you guys enough for letting me know he survived that wave. Did he tell you anything about what he did before he met you guys?\" Henry asked, unfortunately for him, they knew nothing of that kind of information. \"But we can tell you he is a very brave dinosaur, he fought off some of the rustlers when they took down our pa, and his critter found us the herd again. We can't thank him enough for that!\" Nash said, and that was when it clicked in for Arlie. \"You're not the brave dinosaur, are you Henry? It was your son that went on his adventure while you were washed away to that stupid beach, am I correct?\" Arlie asked, Henry gulped. \"I don't know if or how Arlo went on an adventure away from home. But yes, you're correct about who the brave dinosaur is. I'm surprised Jess here hasn't told you, I gave her every chance to tell you and she didn't.\" He finally gave in. Arlie turned to Jess \"You knew about this!?\" Jess stood up in defense \"Yes, I asked Henry if he was, and he said he wasn't. He said his reasons why he wouldn't tell anyone and I was tempted to tell you all, however I wasn't going to do that to a friend I've only known for a week at best.\" \"Henry? Why didn't you tell any of us but proceeded to tell her?\" Arlie asked. \"A few reasons actually. First, I didn't tell you because you were so pushy about it, I didn't tell Ben because I know how he handles secrets, yes Ben, I know you told her about what I said on that night. I didn't tell Chris and Mike 'cause they're more talkative about things, and I didn't really have time to tell Ethan, Fifi and Woodbush. Jess was the only one who I could trust and have the time to say away from the rest of you all. Second, I had to lie, I was worried at the very start that we wouldn't make it to Clawtooth in time for the first snow, and by the time I knew I was already too late for that, I couldn't stop lying to you all. Third and finally-, wait, actually no. I won't tell you that reason.\" Henry explained. However, did that make things any better? \"First, I would have taken you back home at the same speed if you weren't the brave dinosaur, everyone's equal when it comes to that. Second, I'm tired of this secret stuff crap. We want to help with your random outbreaks, but we can't unless you tell us what is making you like this and how it happened. What was it? Your past? Was it when you were young or when you were older?\" Arlie kept asking, question upon question. All of them Henry could hear, but to process them was impossible with how many questions there were to answer. And then, without knowing about it, somehow the questions reminded him of his past, and not just a day or two, I mean every moment of his life; all of his wins, all of his failures, from the very first thing he could remember to the moment of being swept from Arlo. Every moment took it's time, but overall the amount of pain in each moment was overwhelming, and it was starting to show on his outside. As Arlie kept asking, everyone else was starting to worry about what could happen, some even asking Arlie to stop. But there was no stopping, and it seemed like it was going to stay in a cycle. Flashing images of a day Henry never wanted to remember flew by, just making things worse and worse. The last thing Henry saw inside was the sun being blocked out completely, with it's former glory of a halo branching out, raining only terror. No one could of prepared for what happened next. Deep inside, something snapped, and shattered, it was his temper. A thing even Henry thought could never be broken, and it did. Henry let out the loudest of a roar, a roar of fury, anger, and hatred. So loud that almost everyone turned around, not wanting to see. By the time Henry stopped, the echoing of the roar from all hills around sounded, the further the sound, the more weaker it felt. Henry let out another, though not as loud roar, this one being more weak and more of a cry for help than anything else. Again, the echoing sounded form all sides. \"Henry, I just want to h-\" \"Help? HELP?\" Henry asked angrily. \"I'll tell you what's not helping: YOU, asking me every single thing about me just so I can get some sort of pain away. Hadn't it occurred that just not talking about it would of made things better, or even more helpful, not talking about it in the first place, then I wouldn't of been reminded. And yet, YOU and your stupid thing of over-analyzing everything wasn't satisfied by that option. YOU think you can help any, every creature, including yourself, just because YOU learned something that no one else bothered to learn? YOU can't save, or help everyone you wish to help, 'cause YOU are so naive about it. For example, you find me, and you see me in pain. You help me with my physical scars, and you offer to help me get back to my family, that's all I wanted. I never asked YOU to try to help me recover from something much bigger than physical pain. YOU think you can help someone who has spent his entire life in pain from what he did? AND YOU THINK YOU CAN HELP SOMEONE WHO LOST HIS FAMILY TO A GIANT WAVE WHEN THEY WERE TRAPPED IN A LANDSLIDE? YOU THINK YOU CAN HELP WHO HAD TO WATCH THAT HAPPEN, WHO MADE IT HAPPEN? I'LL TELL YOU THAT YOU CAN'T HELP ME FROM THAT, ARLIE! IF YOU THINK YOU CAN, YOU MIGHT AS WELL GET OUT OF MY SIGHT!\" Henry shouted in rage, and was ready to physically leap up and step on Arlie. But there was something in him that just wouldn't give him the nerve to do such a thing. Henry breathed heavily, looking at everyone, they all had frightened faces. Even Butch was starting to worry about him. \"AGH, I can't do it, you know why Arlie? Before my family were killed, I was just as afraid of everything as my god damn son. Now I only fear what I did on that day. My true fear is myself Arlie. You could have saved me from having to tell a secret that I haven't even told my family. Yes Arlie, it's that personal! \" Henry was starting to calm down, and refocus on his surroundings. \"You know Arlie, you got me shaking from the way you were talking. My heart is breaking, but there's no use crying about it, you're not going to learn from what's happened. Don't mid me guys, I'm just spilling my thoughts. So Arlie, is this what friendship is really like? 'Cause if this is friendship I don't want to be friends, and I don't like hanging by the neck in front an audience of... Never mind. But I just want to say one last thing to you Arlie.\" Henry said, this time, he stretched his neck so that his head was close to Arlie, just so that no on else could her him. \"I hate you, and everything you stand for.\" Henry said coldly, moving away from Arlie, he had one last wave of anger. \"Does anyone here know which direction Clawtooth Mountain is?\" Henry raised his voice, it was more of a direct order, almost threatening. Butch looked over to behind Henry, and turning around there it was. Massive bolts of lightning flashed rapidly and randomly, lightning up the mountain during this time of night. Henry heavily sighed, \"Thank you, I needed to know so that I don't just run off out to no where.\" He said, suddenly calm. No body knew what he meant by what he said, until he raised his tail, that was when they knew what might happen. Nash looked worried \"Henry, sir, I know you're going through a lot, but these longhorns are really tough to slow down once they start.\" He warned. Henry only smiled before saying \"Good, it'll make it longer for you to get to me then.\" Before whipping his tail, the crack being loud enough to provoke the longhorns. And boy did they run, in the opposite direction to where Clawtooth Mountain was, almost too perfect for Henry. Arlie for the last five minutes had been standing still, not even moving a muscle, and when the odd longhorn bumped into her, she remained still. She watched as Henry ran away, heading toward Clawtooth, and before they knew it he was out of sight. \"All right everyone, lets slow these longhorns down.\" Butch ordered, everyone but Arlie moved away to attempt to slow them down. However, no matter what happened, Arlie remained in that one position until all the longhorns, and the others, were out of the area. A/N: ... Disclaimer : ... Next Chapter title: Three Points of View[Chapter 19] Chapter 19: Three Points of View Leaving the area couldn't be easier for Henry, his former friends were too busy with the longhorns to worry about him, and Arlie wasn't gonna move for a while it seemed. He ran fast from the area, and kept running when he couldn't see them, and kept running when he didn't want to. Hills came and went before he could even notice they were even there. Every minute Clawtooth Mountain got closer and bigger, no longer just a tiny mountain in the horizon, now it was a decent size; a few miles away. The only thing that could, and eventually did stop his running, was his stamina. He found a nice big cave to rest for the hour, and then head back up to Clawtooth. Tiredly wandering to the cave, it was three times higher than him, and how deep it went he couldn't tell, and couldn't care less. This was only a temporary spot and nothing was gonna avert his attention from what had happened. However, he did have a look at the entrance and what was outside. It was quiet and peaceful outside, a mirror opposite to how Henry was feeling, and the cold rock of the entrance was enough to instantly send shivers, a feeling that was not going to help him. No one was around Henry to bother him anymore, and for a moment he thought twice about going back home. If he went home now he would act and feel so different from when they last saw him, they might even ask what's bothering him, a chilling reminder of what Arlie did. But, his family is different from Arlie, they could understand better than she did, right? Henry looked at every outcome if he went back home and if he didn't, they were evenly matched in terms of which would be better. He wanted, needed something that could express his thoughts openly, but just saying it to himself now wouldn't help. Something reminded him of his current family, and all the fun he had with them; all the jokes, laughs, and fun. There was also the times that he didn't pay much attention to, like why was he so angry at Buck when he made fun of Arlo, or why he unintentionally smiled at Arlo when he reached out to him. The answers to those weren't how he felt back then, but how he felt before then: as a child himself. Regaining all control and intellectual thoughts at his current situation, he remembered that Arlo would always do something to help himself when he thought no one was listening, and Henry felt like he could do the same. \"Hello darkness, my old friend I've come to talk with you again Because a vision softly creeping Left its seeds while I was sleeping And the vision that was planted in my brain Still remains within the sound of silence In restless dreams I walked alone Narrow paths of yellow stone 'Neath the halo of a sun lamp I turned my 'ttention to the cold and damp When my eyes were stabbed By the flash of a solar light That split the night And touched the sound of silence And in the naked light I saw Ten thousand creatures, maybe more Creatures talking without speaking Creatures hearing without listening Creatures writing songs That voices never share And no one dare Disturb the sound of silence \"Fools,\" said I, \"you do not know Silence, like a fear it grows. Hear my words that I might teach you Take my words that I might reach you.\" But my words like silent raindrops fell And echoed in the wells of silence And the creatures bowed and prayed To the major God they made And my soul flashed out its warning And the words that it was forming And my soul said, \"The signs of the prophets Are written on the mountain walls And sentiment calls.\" And whispered in the sound of silence\" As Henry finished his song, he looked down in despair, there was no way he could face the group without having another mental breakdown, and meeting his family might be even worse. All hope that could have survived his previous blow was now officially extinct from him. But then, he felt something behind him; a nudge from something small. Turning back so he was facing into the cave, he looked down to find... a critter? But critters don't normally go near ones like Henry, especially ones like Henry, so why was this one so interested in him? Looking at it closer, it had two legs, two arms, and a very rounded head with messy brown hair on top, along with some fur clothes around it's body. It panted heavily like any other critter would, but it was also smiling at him as if it knew him closely. \"Uh, hello?\" Henry asked, knowing well it couldn't understand him. However, it breathed even more heavily and looked more excited when he spoke. It was then he remembered both Woodbush said something about a creature like Henry and a critter that went with him, and the tyrannosaurs talked about how Arlo went with a small and cute critter that found their herd of longhorns, could this be said critter? 'Agh, what was it's name again?' Henry thought, he heard a name for it a while back, but couldn't quite remember. He glanced to a side of the cave that just so happened to have circular stain marks on them, almost like- \"Oh, is 'Spot' you name?\" Henry asked. The critter directly looked at him and started jumping as if congratulating him. If it had a name it definitely had a family then, were they further into the cave? Henry followed Spot into the cave, which surprisingly didn't get smaller as he kept walking. Moving around a bend, he saw a glow coming from a source of fire in the middle of the cave, with four other critters sitting around it. They looked surprised when they noticed Henry; a literal elephant in the room. \"Um, do any of you know someone named Arlo?\" Henry spoke quietly, as if embarrassed talking to critters that might never understand what he was talking about. However, he was wrong a second time, as once again, Spot jumped and bounced and panted heavily. Spot took five sticks from the cave and placed them in the exact way the other sticks Henry found in the cave with Jess. Once Spot started carving a circle around the sticks, Henry knew Arlo had taught him about his family. But then, Spot took the biggest stick, placed it down, and covered it slightly in the surrounding dry dirt. At that moment, Henry knew what that meant; the biggest stick represented Henry himself, and the mere fact that it was placed down and buried meant that at the time Arlo taught Spot, he thought Henry had died from the wave that washed him away. It was a pain to know that fact, but it also did something else, it made Henry want to go back to his family, since the reason he wanted to go back in the first place was to show he hadn't died from that tragic day. The only thing nagging him now was, is it too late? Quickly, he brushed it away, it didn't matter whether their hopes of him coming back had faded, he was going back either way. Just before he could leave, he was tugged back by all five of them, their force surprising enough to nearly make him topple over. Fortunately he had already gained his sense of balance. He reluctantly followed them even deeper into the cave, a part that was going further and deeper underground. When they finally stopped, the cave was massively big compared to what it was before, and on the walls were... paintings? Inspecting them, Henry soon came across a painting of what looked to be five dinosaurs that represented his family: Arlo, Libby, Buck, Ida, and Henry. The next one was that of Henry taking Arlo into the mountains and so on. Painting upon painting showed how Spot looked upon the supposed death of Henry, and how Spot and Arlo made it back home, from Arlo getting washed out in the river to Arlo and Spot parting, it was all there. And the storyboard of paintings seemed to be very plausible by Henry's logic, very, very plausible. \"So this is how Arlo became the good, brave dinosaur everyone was talking about? Thank you, for showing me this. But there's something you need to know, I'm Arlo's 'Poppa', and I'm going to tell you what happened to me after I was swept.\" They looked interested, enough satisfaction for Henry to continue, for the next hour he explained everything that he did when he recovered, right up to the moment that he got into the cave. And it was then he was ready to ask one more question. \"Would you like to come with me, or even stay with us, at Clawtooth Mountain with Arlo and my family?\" Henry offered, slightly worried about how his family might react, he once again didn't care. Spot saved Arlo's life, a token Henry could never repay for, so allowing the family stay there and have their share of food was the best, and honestly only thing he could offer. It didn't take long before Spot and his family agreed in the form of climbing on Henry's back. Henry happily sighed \"Well then, lets get going.\" before walking out of the cave. Meanwhile, stopping a massive herd of longhorns took quite a long time, even if the tyrannosaurs had five others helping them, these were behaving much more aggressively than before. It took several hours to finally gain control and slow them down, and it took a couple of hours to turn around and get them back to where the problem started. When they got back however, they saw Arlie in the same position as before, she had not moved an inch for hours on end. Jess was the only one who volunteered to get closer than ten feet to her. When she got to about two feet, nothing had happened, when Jess walked in front of her, nothing happened. \"Arlie, are you all ri-\" Jess was interrupted quickly, noticing how Arlie was shaking, shivering in fear, and looked as if she was about to burst into tears. And sure enough, not even ten seconds later, she did just that. Laying down on the ground while sobbing, she kept muttering and repeating the words \"I'm sorry\" over and over. However, only Jess in the area showed signs of sympathy towards her, for as no one else shared the same emotion. In fact, Ben, Chris, Mike, Ethan and Fifi were looking down at Arlie in shame and anger at what she achieved. Ben was the first to speak \"Arlie, what the hell is your problem!? You managed to break Henry, and even made him hate you. I don't know about any of you guys, but I'm sure no one has ever made him hate someone. You're the first, and should be only one to do that. What was you bloody thinking when you tried doing that? Huh? You crossed the line Arlie, never speak to me, or any of us again!\" Ben was in a rage, and started walking toward Clawtooth. Soon, Chris, then Mike, before Ethan and Fifi followed. \"Um, what in tarnation was that about?\" Ramsey asked, no one but Jess listened to her. \"It's a long, long story. Arlie, you're coming with us to Clawtooth Mountain.\" \"No she really isn't\" Ethan responded in a angry-serious tone. \"Well, when she gets to Clawtooth, you can all watch her apologize to Henry and his family for what she did, does that sound fair?\" Jess asked, reluctant, they all admitted that that would sound fair, before they all started walking with the herd. Jess continued \"Any ways, so Henry was swept away from Arlo, about a week later he wakes up to find that he's on a beach, I think at least. Arlie finds him and offers to help him get back to Clawtooth and obviously he agrees, along the way they meet Ben, me, Chris, Mike, Ethan, Fifi and Woodbush. Now, we all talk about what we're like and stuff, but Henry, he acted pretty weird when asked certain questions. For example he got all emotional when asked about his past, he made a speech when asked what happened to his parents and siblings, and you can tell we were starting to worry about him. Arlie; who was his closest friend at the time, wanted to help him from this, but couldn't do so without him explaining why he acted like he did. And last night she had enough waiting and wanted to help him before he got to his family. You know how that tragically failed.\" \"I heard that.\" Arlie quietly said, loud enough for only Jess to hear. \"Well then, that is not what I expected from you lot. You seem like a great team, but lack the stability.\" Butch said, again, only Jess listened. \"I see what you mean, Arlie and Henry were great friends, but things got uneasy as more of us joined, to the point where it finally collapsed. We should be at Clawtooth by the afternoon.\" Jess said, the sun was already rising from the tops of the hills, and Clawtooth was coming ever closer. \"Mind if I sing a song?\" Jess asked. \"What is a song?\" Nash replied, Jess tried explaining \"It's like a tune, but you say words along with it to express how you feel, for example, if I was sad I might sing a song about how sad I was, or a happy song if I'm happy.\" Chris argued \"A song will not make things any better here Jess.\" \"No, but at least it could calm us all down.\" Jess argued back. \"He's never satisfied He's pulling strings of life tonight So many tears he's cried I wonder what he's thinking His hatred face is all I see They're always haunting me He's pulling strings of life tonight He sleeps Please buy us time Oh please rewind A tainted rhyme A story every vile Such hurtful thoughts behind his smile They wander all the while I wonder what they're thinking His hatred face is all I see They're always haunting me He's pulling strings of life tonight He sleeps Please buy us time Oh please rewind A tainted rhyme Silence breaks the cage tonight He then becomes awake A painful plague of rage He stains the night until the day... He's never satisfied Hes bringing thoughts of vengeful life So many tears he's cried I wonder what he's thinking His hatred face is all I see They're always haunting me He's pulling strings of life tonight He weeps A selfish Oh please rewind We're out... Of time...\" Meanwhile, the day was just starting for Arlo, and already things were out of hand. During both the night and the morning, both critters, animals and visitors came over the mountain and to the farm. The critters could easily be taken out by Thunderclap and his friends, but the animals and visitors were harder to help, as the space Arlo and his family made for any visitors to be protected was already full and packed. And to make things worse, more were coming over. \"They must know what's about to come\" Arlo tried to call out over all the voices, his family only just hearing. \"Well what should we do about this?\" Buck asked. \"Maybe we can have everyone go into the forest nearby, it's not going to fully protect them but it's better than nothing.\" Libby suggested, it was the only option available. Arlo, Buck, and Libby breathed in, before shouting \"EVERYONE QUIET!\", loud enough to make everyone in hearing distance go silent, over the next moment the entire population listened in on what they had to say. \"Okay, so as you may see the area that we made for you guys is full, and we can't fit any more of you. If you are outside the walled area please go into the forest, there you should have some protection in case the dam fails slightly.\" Arlo called out, muttering could be heard throughout the crowd. The sun was already high in the sky, and no clouds could be seen anywhere, no water flowed in the river, and it appeared that soon it will begin. A/N: Sorry about not posting a chapter yesterday, I was on a holiday over at Swanage and was too busy unpacking to do much about it, so sorry on that part, however, the same thing might happen for the next week, so yeah. Any ways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy), and if a review/PM is helpful enough, I'll send a PM of 5 lines of the next chapter. I'll see you next chapter! Songs used: * The Sound of Silence - Disturbed (Please listen to this song, the way it's presented it is why I gave this song to Henry) * Painted Faces - Trickywi (A fan-song of a game yes, but I still find it relevant to the story) Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, Jake, Ethan and Fifi are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Next Chapter title: Trapped[Chapter 20] A/N: Just here for review replies. First off, yes, that is quite the coincidence LordCandycane. Second, I've made a structure between certain types of characters. Dinosaurs are referred to as their species name, their name, or just 'visitors'. Creatures that are not really critters but also not like dinosaurs (for example the longhorns), are referred to as 'animals' (which is what Arlie describes about in chapter 3 'Guest'). And Critters is a name for the small creatures like Spot. Creatures is a term in this story that refers to any or all of these groups mentioned. Any way, into the chapter. Chapter 20: Trapped Henry walked across the hills for the next hour, and soon, Clawtooth was standing right near, it's shear size so daunting. Henry had made it to the bottom of Clawtooth Mountain, and it was literally the only thing between him and his family, a single mountain. Obviously one would not dare to go through the mountain, that would take years, one wouldn't go under, as that would take even longer, and one would definitely not go around the mountain, as that would still take up to three hours to do. Like any other dinosaur would, Henry went straight up the side, walking higher and higher on the face of the mountain. The rocks were getting harder, but also more unstable, as the slope he was going up was getting steeper and steeper. \"You know, walking up this mountain isn't my first time, I did this exact route a long time ago, though it didn't go as well as this did.\" Henry said, knowing he was most likely talking to himself. He was soon finding that climbing the mountain was harder than expected, here and there some rocks gave way under Henry's weight, reminding Henry of when he tried to save himself from the wave that swept him away. Spot and his family got off his back before climbing themselves, allowing Henry to not worry about them when trying to climb himself. This made things easier, as he could then climb at parts where normally he couldn't if they stayed on his back. After several more mishaps, he and Spot and his family had made it to the top, and could look down at- Henry looked as the farm was covered in animals and visitors, so many he couldn't count. \"Oh no, this is just like last time.\" He said to himself, down there, each creature moved their mouths, but nothing was heard, others responded, but didn't look as if they were listening. Everything about what he was looking at reminded him of his past, but he quickly brushed it off. Suddenly, rumbling could be hear from just below him, looking behind, Spot and his family were also looking at what was happening. As quick as he could, he picked up Spot and his family, before placing them in front of him. However, the timing of nature was a bit too cruel, for just as they got off, the landslide became big enough for Henry to loose his footing. The landslide quickly consumed Henry, with the landslide; and Henry inside it, being sent halfway down the mountain. Over on the other side, Arlo was trying to tidy up the way everyone was in place, so that more visitors and animals could fit in the area. Suddenly, a large rumbling sound could be heard from the other side of the mountain. \"What was that?\" Libby asked. \"Sounded like a landslide on the other side, at least it wasn't on this side of the mountain.\" Arlo replied, before they all returned to their work. Henry was dazed by what happened, almost loosing consciousness, but focused enough to have some control. Trying to move, he soon found where he was: stuck in the landslide, with only his head poking outside. At least it was useful for breathing, but his breathing was also limited by how much his lungs could expand, and so could only get in half as much air, not a good thing when you're on the verge of going unconscious. Looking up, he could see Spot come over in an attempt to help Henry, though it was pretty clear that if Henry couldn't move the boulders on top of him, they couldn't. But, maybe Henry's family could. \"Um, Spot, your family, you can't move these rocks. I know however that Arlo and his family will help you and me, so go over this mountain, find Arlo or his friends, and get them to get to me and help. Think you can do that?\" Henry asked, Spot made a sound equivalent to a wool howling, before he and his family walked away, leaving Henry behind. \"Well then, while I'm alone again , might as well contemplate over what may happen next.\" Henry said to himself in an almost cheery, but sarcastic mood. At their fastest pace, Arlie and the group got to Clawtooth in about two hours, a speed that proved to be too much for Ethan and Fifi to continue moving at. It was agreed that they all would move more slower, and take a safer route for going up the mountain. \"These longhorns won't survive the wild rocks, we need to make a detour around so that none of us get hurt. In other words, we need to go more to the left of Clawtooth Mountain, which is less steep and safer for us all to get to.\" Butch explained, the group walked more to the left and began walking up the side of the mountain, the part they were walking on had more grass and was less steep, the ground that they walked on was much more stable and the group felt confident about finding Henry on the other side. When they got to the top however, they couldn't believe how many had came before they did \"Looks like we're not the only ones who knew this event was happening today, looks like getting to Arlo and his family is going to be harder than we thought.\" Ben said, before Butch came to the front \"Not if we show them our importance, if we can get the longhorns moving down this side, everyone there will see it and know we mean business. Arlo might also allow us to come through as we've met before.\" A good idea it was, and everyone agreed. Look, there he is!\" Chris pointed out to the statue of Henry, but from this distance, it was too hard to tell, and so they misinterpreted it for Henry himself. \"Well what are we waiting for, lets get to him!\" And soon enough, Arlie slammed her tail on the ground, enough to provoke the longhorns. Meanwhile, Arlo was having too much trouble to be the first to notice the second rumble, that went to Libby \"Arlo... look.\" She said, he and the crowd turned to find a massive herd of longhorns racing down the mountains, but moving not toward them directly; more to the right. And sure enough Arlo immediately knew who these longhorns belonged to, the longhorns slowed down just as they got near to the crowd that was in the forest, and the group got to the edge of the crowd, Ethan, Fifi, Butch, Ramsey and Nash were the only ones Arlo could see. \"Looks like your pals made some friends.\" Ida said, Arlo smiled as they came through, although was confused as there was more of a gap at the front than was expected. The answer to that problem was soon revealed as they came close enough for Arlo to see Arlie, Ben, Chris, Mike, Jess and Woodbush. \"Oh my goodness, you made quite a lot of friends since I left you guys. What are their names?\" Arlo asked. \"Well, we have Arlie down here, with Ben, Mike Chris, Jess, Ethan and Fifi are these two, and you know Woodbush right?\" Nash asked. \"Yeah, nice to meet you guys, I guess you heard about what's happening today...\" While Arlo and the others were greeting and chatting, Ethan and Fifi noticed something strange about the statue, it hadn't moved since they looked at it from the mountain, and it was, covered in leaves. \"We came here to look for H-\" Arlie was soon interrupted \"Guys, we need to talk, in private. Sorry Arlo can you give us a moment?\" Ethan asked \"Sure, we gotta order everyone here so I'm busy myself, see ya soon.\" As Arlo walked away, the others were pretty confused as to why Ethan ended the conversation that fast \"Ethan, what the crap was that ab-\" \"Look, that Henry you see there is not him, it's just a statue.\" Ethan talked quietly enough so that no one else but the group could hear. \"So where the hell is he?\" Ben asked. \"Not here, something must of happened to him.\" \"Okay I'm back, Libby said she'd take care of my work for the next five so I'm free.\" Arlo said, an awkward moment for the group as they had to leave. \"About that Arlo, we actually forgot a friend of ours back at the mountain, so um, we need to go there.\" Fifi tried explaining. \"But, surely they know where you guys are, all they need to do is get over the mountain and get here. Simple.\" Arlo argued back. \"No, this is a very special friend of ours, and he went in front of us. So he should be here, but we can't see him anywhere. So we think something bad must of happened while he was coming to this place, and also, I kind of said something horrible to him that made him leave us. So we've got to go.\" Arlie said. Arlie thought about every word she said, before reluctantly saying \"Okay fine, but please, come back before it starts. We don't wan't any of you to get hurt.\" As he said that, Butch turned around and said \"Oh don't worry partner, if anything happens while we're up there, I'll give you a roar. Okay?\" Arlo nodded, and everyone was about to leave, when Spot jumped up onto Arlie. \"Spot!\" Arlo exclaimed excitedly, he and Spot embraced before the others had a wave of confusion \"I don't think they're here to just meet you, it sounds like they need you or us.\" Jess said. \"Wait, you know what their saying? But you're what, a few weeks old.\" Ben argued. Jess rolled her eyes, before explaining \"Yes, I am young, but while I was lost from Chris and Mike one day I found some critters, from them I knew a bit of sign language and a basic understanding of what they were saying. I don't exactly know what they're saying specifically, but I can make good guesses.\" Spot kept jumping on Arlie, while his family got closer to Arlo, making some noises as well \"Hmm, well, don't carve my words on stone, but from the way they're making noises, they want to take us to somewhere? Someone? Not sure which.\" \"Maybe it's our friend they found. Arlo, they could take us to our friend, and then they'll come back to you, just so that nothing happens to them. How does that sound?\" Ben suggested. \"Okay fine, but please make sure they do come back. The last thing I want is for my best friend to get hurt out there, and me not being able to do anything about it.\" Arlo warned. \"Wait, can't you come with us?\" Mike asked. \"No, me and my family have to keep everyone safe within these walls, only problem is it's already full. And even if we could leave, we don't want to be out there when it starts.\" Arlo explained. Arlie and the group, along with Spot and his family left Arlo in search of Henry. Jess soon realized something \"Hang on, why didn't we say anything about Henry to Arlo?\" \"One, would he actually believe us if we straight up said his father was alive, and two, if we do get Henry back here, telling Arlo about Henry would spoil the surprise a bit, right?\" Chris explained. And they continued heading for Clawtooth. There was however one small problem they were oblivious to... It had begun. A/N: So we're nearly at the end of this story, and I'm going to guess that it'll end up at about 23-25 chapters in total, but that doesn't mean I won't stop with making stories on The Good Dinosaur. I've decided to make a new story after this one that won't be related to this story, and will definitely be something different. Any ways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy), and if a review/PM is helpful enough, I'll send a PM of 5 lines of the next chapter. I'll see you next chapter! Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, Jake, Ethan and Fifi are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Next Chapter title: Eclipse and the Apocalypse (Part 1)[Chapter 21] A/N: Again, sorry for not uploading yesterday, I was quite busy and didn't have the time to do much. Hopefully this will make up for it. Chapter 21: Eclipse and the Apocalypse (Part 1) Heading back up Clawtooth Mountain would be too much of a task for Ethan and Fifi, as they would be too slow going up. Fortunately they were allowed to stay so they didn't have to go through that, but everyone else still had to go up. If they did find Henry it was agreed that some of the group would go back to let the others know and to get Spot and his family back. The hard part was going up the side of the mountain, an indication that where-ever Henry was, it wasn't going to be easy to get there. The amount of times each of them slipped up just to get to the top was uncountable, with some being almost too great to recover from. Looking back, the farm once again looked tiny, as did the many visitors. \"Why does everything look like it's getting darker?\" Mike asked, Ben looked up to find the answer. \"Look up, the sun is already half blocked, if we act now we might just get Henry back before whatever happens.\" They turned back to where they were going to go, before slowly climbing down. The path down was harder to find than actually trying to stay balanced, but somehow Spot and his family were already down the hill. Jess noticed how they stopped \"That's him down there, under all those rocks.\" She said with a serious tone. The good news didn't help for Arlie, distracting her from where she was supposed to walk, instead missing it entirely and falling down to where Spot was. \"Well then, meant to do that. So where is Henry?\" Arlie asked, the rocks beneath her started to move, but then went back to their original place. \"Arlie, you're standing on top of him.\" Ben said. Moving further downward, Arlie soon found a hole in the rubble, but before she could even look what was through it, Henry's head popped out. \"Oh, it's you Arlie. Aren't I glad to see you guys here.\" Henry said with enthusiasm as Ben and the others came down. \"You guys take Spot and his family back to Arlo and tall them we found him. I'll stay here and try to help him.\" Arlie ordered. \"Arlie, these rocks are too heavy for even Henry to get out of. How do you think you can help him?\" Ben asked \"Well, then ask for help then.\" Arlie responded. Ben and the others realized they came down here just to go back up, and slowly went back up. Arlie observed the rocks Henry was under, before hitting one of them with her tail. When she did, the rock broke into a couple of pieces, rolling down. However, it was very near to breaking Arlie's tail bone, which would leave her unable to use the end until it healed; a problem she did not want in this situation. Instead she decided to try to move the rocks, starting with the small ones and working her way up in size. Eventually, this worked, as the small ones were heavy enough overall to keep Henry from getting out from the landslide. \"Thanks Arlie, I wouldn't be here if it weren't for you.\" Henry said sympathetically. \"Henry, I'm sorry for what I did last night, I was very stupid for doing that to someone like you, and you were right when you said it would of been better if I didn't mention it first. But I've already done enough to make you hate me so, I get it if you don't forgive me for that.\" Arlie apologized. \"Arlie, I forgive you. While you learnt from what happened then not to do things like that again, I learnt how much of a fool I was to keep everything to myself. I should of told you, or even more importantly my family about my past earlier on. None of this would of happened if it weren't for-\" \"Look out!\" Arlie interrupted, pushing Henry slightly to the side. However, it wasn't enough. The two got trapped by a second landslide, this one coming from no where. Fortunately, they could breathe properly this time. Looking up, the sun was now three-quarters blocked, and it was starting to get even darker. \"Help!\" Arlie and Henry called. On the other side of the mountain, Ben and the others heard the call. \"Oh no, something must of happened while Arlie tried to save Henry. We need to go back down there.\" Ben said, but then, a loud crack sounded from above. Looking up, the highest point of the mountain was snow-capped, but the extra snow that layed down on the surface made it too heavy to support itself, and thus gave way. A large, ferocious avalanche was heading for Ben and the others, and they knew they weren't fast enough to get to Arlie and Henry or fast enough to outrun it. Meanwhile, Arlie and Henry also heard the loud rumble, but no avalanche came on their side of the mountain. \"Great, there goes our only chance of getting out of this place, you got any ideas Henry?\" Arlie asked, hoping that at least Henry would have a plan. \"Lets see, we have rocks that none of us can break or push out of the way, we have a snow-capped mountain above us that's likely to have another avalanche, I got nothing Arlie, for now.\" \"What do you mean \"for now\"? You expect something to happen soon?\" Arlie questioned. \"No, but it would be helpful if something did happen before whatever is making that rumbling sound comes here.\" Henry replied. \"I don't hear any rumbling.\" Arlie argued \"Because you're not quiet, which you should be.\" Arlie stopped talking, and could faintly hear a rumbling sound from somewhere in front of them, looking back on the sun, there was still some light, but it felt more like the evening than anything. It was then the ground started shaking; another, louder rumbling, coming from behind them. The snow-capped mountain released another avalanche, and this one was very much bigger than the last one, in fact, the entire section of snow went down. All the two could see was a wall of snow heading straight for them. \"Henry, duck!\" Arlie went down so that some of the rocks could protect her from the avalanche, but she said it just as the avalanche was near. This was not enough time for Henry to react in time, and the wall of snow hit him hard,with the last thing he saw before going unconscious was white. Waking up, Henry looked around to find that he was alone in a world of white, there were no walls, but there was a white floor that he could stand on. Walking around for a bit, this world had nothing to it, all he could see was white, and nothing else, he couldn't even see where the floor ended and a possible white sky began. However, it wasn't long before he saw something in the distance: five figures, none of them resembled Arlo, Libby, Buck or Ida, or any of his friends. But they were apatosaurs, like him. Getting closer, their shapes were more familiar to him, but it was when he was very close to them that they turned around, and he knew exactly who they were. The first one was Henry's brother, named Luke, he was about the same height as Libby, but unlike Libby he had a more Buck-like face, and had brown eyes. The second one was his first sister, which Henry knew as Mallory, she was between the size of Arlo and Libby, and had a face similar to Ida, but was less rounded and had more defined features while having green eyes. Figure number three was his second sister, named Odina, she was slightly larger than Buck, had brown eyes, and had more apparent stripes on her back. The final two figures were Henry's parents: Tabari being the father, and Zarla being his mother. Tabari was a head taller than Henry, and had a more older-looking face, but was nonetheless just as prominent, if not more. Zarla was only just smaller than Henry, had a very feminine body, and her eyes were of a light brown. Henry couldn't believe that they were here again, meaning that where-ever he was, it wasn't real. \"Henry, we're really disappointed in what you've done to us.\" Tabari strongly spoke, his voice very masculine, and a heavier accent than Henry's. \"Yes, I know. I'm sorry for what I did back then, you would be here with me and my family if it weren't for my actions.\" Henry apologized, but Zarla shook her head. \"He doesn't mean about you doing that. He's talking about the fact that throughout all your life, you never once mentioned, or spoke about us. You even denied any more questions the first time they wanted to know about your parents or siblings. We're disappointed because you've been trying to forget about us, as if we're really dead.\" Zarla said in a worried manner, her voice being slightly posh-sounding but not too heavily to be noticeable at first. By this time, Henry was more confused than understanding, \"But you are dead, right?\" He argued. \"Yes, and no. We're not alive anymore physically, but we're still alive in your mind. You, Henry, are the only one who has a live memory of who we are and what we are like. If you forget us then, we're no longer alive. Tell me, when you woke up and thought that Arlo and your family might think you died, what did you do? You wanted to go back if I recall, because you, Henry, didn't want them to do to you what you did to us. You feared that they might forget you just like you almost forget you.\" Tabari spoke, his voice slightly more serious and raised. \"I was, but I know now that my family would do their best to never forget me. Look at Arlo, he thought of me as something more than just a family member-\" \"Yes, just like what you thought of us. And now look at you, thirty five years have passed and look at you, who nearly won at forgetting the one thing that cared to him before he lost it. If Arlo was to go away from the farm, again, what would he say to any friends he might meet. Would he say how brave you are? Would he try to say how you are still alive? Would he mention how he killed you, like you said to Arlie how you killed us? Or, like you, would he try to find every nook and cranny to get out of any situation or topic of the sort? Do you see now why we're disappointed in you?\" Zarla said, Henry took the time to collect his thoughts while she spoke and realized what he did wrong. Lowering his neck, and tilting his head down, Henry felt more shameful of himself than ever before. \"I'm sorry. I'm really really sorry for what I did.\" \"Henry, you don't have to act like this anymore.\" Luke said. \"Yeah, it's going to be all right now.\" Mallory followed, \"You don't have to forget about us, just think of all the happy things we did.\" Odina finished. \"But, there are no good memories, all I remember is me being beaten up by you guys because of my fear of literally everything.\" Henry argued. \"And that's where you're wrong Henry, son. You've already forgotten about the good memories we had, remember when you got over your first fear? We were so happy for you. Or maybe when it was your first birthday, we all celebrated that. The time when we had water fights by the river and I saved you four from nearly falling in? You and us laughed so hard at that. There's many more where that came from Henry, you just got to remember there's more to us than the bad.\" Tabari said, more calmer than usual. The five of them started to fade, prompting Henry sharply. \"Wait! Before you leave, two questions. One, am I dead?\" Henry asked. \"Of course you aren't dead, but whether we are depends on what you plan to do once you get back. I'm sure Arlo has made something that'll give you some inspiration, just like you showed him something that inspired him.\" Zarla replied. \"Final question, do you forgive me for what I did, back on that day?\" Henry asked, this time more quiet and nervous-sounding. \"Henry, we forgave you many years ago. The real question is: Do you, forgive yourself?\" Tabari calmly said. They all smiled at him, before fading completely. The white world faded into a place that felt so much familiar; the woods that was adjacent to the farm. Looking up, the sky was covered in cloud, and the rain that came crashing down was enough to put a mirror shine on Henry in a matter of seconds. \"Who are you?\" A small, feeble voice asked. Looking down, Henry saw an apatosaur smaller than Arlo, but looked even more terrified of just the presence of someone else. This wasn't like anyone Henry previously met, but looking at it, he had similar features to Henry, only much less defined. \"I am Henry. What's your name?\" Henry asked, the little one went slightly wide-eyed, before replying. \"My n-name is also H-Henry, why are you here?\" Henry asked, at first, this was much too confusing for Henry. But then, remembering what his father told him to do, he suddenly realized who he was talking to. \"I'm not sure why I am here. But believe me when I say this, I am you in your future.\" Henry responded, the smaller Henry went almost horrified over the thought \"A-Are you sure, is this w-who I become when I'm o-older?\" Henry took that into thought, before replying \"Yes, I'm sure. I remember what I did to my parents, my family, and, like you, I hated it. I, you-um, we, both know what we did to our family. But I can tell you that you do indeed become much braver than who you are right now. However I, like you, am not keen on talking about what happened, I need to tell my family that.\" \"You have a family? As in a son and daughter?\" Little Henry asked, \"Yes, I have a family, and you will have one too. There's Libby, Buck, and a really special son named Arlo, you're going to have a bit of trouble with him, but also have some great fun with him.\" Henry responded. \"Why are you telling me all this?\" \"Because, to show you that you do change. You need to stop worrying about the past and think about what to do now. Be brave like I did, and I know you can be something more than who you are. Just like Arlo, you were, or still am afraid of everything. But, you will become much more. I know Arlo is like me, but greater, and I'm sure you can be me, and so much more. In fact, I think you are. Me, and more.\" Henry said, he knew his words had done something. \"I will make sure to not be afraid of anything form now on. I will make you proud Henry.\" Little Henry said. Henry smiled slightly, before fading. Everything faded again, this time returning to an area that wasn't so much familiar. The rain still poured, and the trees were much more pf a purple-grey, but there was something in front that was so much familiar. It was Arlo, trapped in a tangle of vines. Moving slowly in a slight wave of nervousness, Henry walked over to Arlo, and untangled the vines. Henry smiled at just the sight of Arlo, but deep inside he didn't know what to say. \"Poppa? You're alive?\" Those words were said in a way that pained Henry, stopping him from saying anything else. He moved his tail so that it went around Arlo as they walked away. \"I-I can't believe it. It's you!\" Henry could feel Arlo's head resting on his left side as things seemed to turn out well. However, a bolt of lightning soon made sure that Arlo wasn't resting anymore. \"M-my friend, Spot. He helped me and... now he's in trouble.\" That didn't seem right, Henry could of sworn that he saw Spot being taken back to the farm by Ben and the others, what had happened between the avalanche and now seemed to cross over hard. \"We have to go back. Poppa stop. Stop!\" Henry couldn't help but keep moving, too focused to even think about what was actually happening. However, as he continued walking, he was beginning to realize that even this place he was in right now wasn't all too real. \"Poppa?\" Arlo asked, Henry ignored the comment, still too deep in thought to think about it much. \"You're... not here.\" Arlo said quietly, but it was still enough to throw Henry out of thought and stop in his tracks. So much Henry wanted to tell Arlo about, but the fact there was too much to tell was a reason why he didn't know where to begin. He calmed before Arlo could say anything else \"I'm scared... But Spot needs me. I blamed him for what happened to you but, it wasn't his fault.\" Henry slowly turned around to see Arlo again, slightly saddened by both what Arlo was saying and how he didn't have the nerve to say anything. \"So I got to go help him, because... I love him.\" That was enough to convince Henry on what to say next. He realized that Arlo was as much unconscious as he was, and both were thinking the same thing. \"I knew you had it in you.\" Henry said quietly, he cracked a smile, enough to gain a smile from Arlo. \"You're me, and more. Now go take care of that critter.\" Henry added, he felt himself fade with the rain, seeing Arlo smile more than ever knew he had done something right. Meanwhile, Arlie woke up to find Henry half in the snow. Trying to get out to help, she couldn't; the snow had already hardened. Looking over, she knew Henry had bene knocked out hard by the avalanche, and how long it was until he would wake was a question she had been asking. Henry suddenly woke up, turning to see Arlie. \"Oh Henry, you're finally awake! So the avalanche freed us from the landslide but managed to knock you out for a bit, and I was starting to worry that you were-\" \"Arlie, look.\" Henry noticed that the sun was almost completely covered; a tiny slim of light remained, but was fading ever more faster. \"The rumbling sound Henry, it's a wave.\" Arlie gestured to a massive wave that was going to sweep them away \"Any way out of this Arlie?\" Henry responded. \"No, we're too slow to out run the thing, the dam is just around that corner, and the river is down there below. All we can do is pray.\" Arlie responded, Henry looked over to Arlie before smiling \"I don't think we need to pray.\" \"Oh, and what makes you think that?\" Arlie wondered. \"Lets just say I had a few recalls, and they've taught me well.\" Henry calmly responded, before adding \"Arlie, do you forgive yourself for what you said to me?\" Arlie was about to say something, but ducked under instead, and this time, Henry ducked too, knowing what she was ducking from. The wall of water came around and hit them both. Meanwhile, Ben and the others got back to Arlo, before a huge splash went over the mountain slightly, moving over to the dam. The dam got impacted hard, but remained fairly in place fortunately. However, Jess was starting to worry over whether or not Henry and Arlie made it in time. And just before they could say anything, the sky went pitch black. The last slim of the sun went out, leaving behind a large, distinct halo. The eclipse was at it's full, and the sight only rained one thing down on everyone: Fear. A/N: Well, there's part 1, I decided to split the chapter into two parts as there was going to be so much in one chapter it would of been maybe 5-7k words (which would of been the most words put into a chapter that I've made). Any ways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy), and if a review/PM is helpful enough, I'll send a PM of 5 lines of the next chapter. I'll see you next chapter! Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, Jake, Ethan Fifi, Luke, Mallory, Odina, Tabari and Zarla (Holy crap I've made quite enough OCs for this chapter) are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Next Chapter title: Eclipse and the Apocalypse (Part 2)[Chapter 22] Chapter 22: Eclipse and the Apocalypse (Part 2) Water behind the dam waved around after it collided, and took some time to eventually calm down. Trees floated like boats, moving slowly across with some hitting each other. The dam was much higher than the surface of the water, about ten feet higher. Rocky sides of Clawtooth Mountain were shiny from the water when it splashed over, and there was now little snow at the top. However, the water was starting to fall, though very slowly. Arlie popped out of the water with a small splash, turning around, Henry was no where to be seen. That is, until Henry also popped out of the water. \"Well what do you know Henry, you were surprisingly right! Unfortunately we have a small problem here Henry, can you see what it is?\" Arlie asked, Henry looked around and saw that getting out of the after was going to be much harder than before. The dam was too high to get to the top, and the land nearby had cliffs that were also impossible to get to the top of. \"We're trapped in this water. Great, once this thing stops the water will pull us back out to where we started, so we need to get out before that happens.\" Henry replied. \"And how do you suppose we do that then?\" Arlie quietly asked. \"You know, I don't think my family planned this, but every tree-dam has something called a master-log, it's a part of the dam that, if pulled out, makes the entire dam collapse.\" Henry suggested. Arlie shook her head \"The dam looks too thick to have just one master-log, and besides, if there was only one, it would have to be down there.\" Arlie gestured to the bottom to the bottom of the dam, which was so far underwater that Arlie couldn't go down there. \"I guess that means I got to go down there and see, and speaking about seeing, why is it so dark?\" \"The sun is blocked out, remember?\" Arlie reminded, Henry dived down under the waves, or what ever waves there were. Arlie couldn't do anything to help him, and it was too dark to find any way out, so the only thing she could do was just keep swimming. Meanwhile, Ben and the others were by Arlo still waiting for Arlie and Henry to come down the mountain, but no one came. \"Ben, where's Arlie and that friend of yours?\" Arlo asked, \"I'm not sure they made it back, Arlie and our friend got trapped by another landslide, but before we could help an avalanche sent us down here. So either they made it out of the landslide before the wave came, or they didn't.\" was all Ben could answer, Arlo used the tube that Buck made to look at the dam, there was no one near it at all. \"Well, if they were still trapped in that landslide when the wave came, I'm sorry to say Ben that they might not be here anymore. However, we need to keep our hopes up and say they did make it out. They might of gotten out just before it came and they've been washed out to the dam, but we can't help them there. Me and my family don't really want anyone else to get hurt from this.\" Arlo warned, and it was true, no one here wanted anyone else to get hurt, but there was someone else who had a brilliant idea. And it was Jess. \"If they are still alive, they wouldn't even be able to see anything since it's so dark. So what if we light the place up for them?\" Jess suggested, confusing the others. \"We have nothing to light up the area. If you're thinking about making a large fire then that's impossible to so before this thing ends.\" Ben argued, but then, Jess ran in a circle, provoking a few light-bugs to shine. \"I say enough of these should do it, but there's not going to be enough if we do it. We need everyone here to move around if we want enough of them, and by everyone I mean everyone . Every animal, visitor, and critter needs to move, walking's okay, running is better and jumping would be enough.\" Jess proposed her idea, and it was the only option they had for now. Arlo went up to the top of one of the walls \"All right, everyone!\" he called out, the small, quiet talking everyone had among themselves quickly subsided \"There are two friends that are trapped by the dam, and there is likely to be a way out, however, they can't see as it is basically pitch black. We have come up with a plan that will hopefully light up the area enough for them to see, but there's one thing we need: All of you, yes, all of you need to move around the area, the faster the better. That applies to you guys in the forest there, and if you don't feel like running or walking, a simple jump would do.\" Arlo announced, for the first few seconds, no one bothered to run, as no one knew how doing something like that would light up the area. \"Guys, it's easy, just do what we do.\" Jess, Mike, and Chris said. They ran across the grassy fields, and behind them, a trial of light-bugs emerged, lighting up a small part around them. It didn't take long after that for a couple of the the visitors to do the same, then, one by one, more of them started to move. The result was a large amount of light-bugs forming around the area, light enough for them, but not enough for anyone at the dam. \"Ethan, Fifi, I need you guys to jump.\" Chris asked, \"I'm sorry, but we're just so large to actually jump off all of our feet.\" Ethan argued, but that wasn't going to be enough to stop them. \"Then just leap off your front two feet and then slam hard on the ground, just make sure no one is under you though.\" Chris asked again. The two worked out where no one was at, before both standing up on their back legs. \"Ready?\" Ethan asked, \"Ha! Always.\" Fifi replied, the two sauroposeidons went back down on all fours, hitting the ground with such force that it almost felt like a little earthquake. Out of the bloom, a massive cloud of light-bugs formed from the two, radiating out across the fast area. By now, almost all the light-bugs that could be out were out, everyone looked up in awe as the cloud of light-bugs just stayed, with each single one in it moving around. However, it wasn't going to be this way forever, as Thunderclap, Downpour, and Frostbite flew into the cloud, disturbing it. \"What the heck are you doing!?\" Arlo called out. \"Oh nothing kid, just thought that if your friend is really trapped behind the dam it would be hard for them to see it on this side. Time for these little things to get to a higher relevation.\" Circling around the cloud, they moved it along over to the dam, lighting it up. Meanwhile, Arlie was still swimming in the water, when all of a sudden Henry poked out of the water \"Nothing yet. Just came up for a quick breath, let me know if anything happens up here.\" Henry went back down again, before Arlie noticed things were getting lighter. Looking up, the sun was still completely blocked out, but it felt like the light was coming from another direction. Her thoughts were proven right, when a massive cloud of light-bugs went over the dam and onto her side, lighting up everything around her. \"And who are you?\" Arlie asked, noticing Thunderclap's presence. \"Oh, hey there, you must be one of the friends they were talking about. Where's the other friend of yours? Is that him there?\" Thunderclap asked. Arlie looked in front of her, only to see in the distance a large dinosaur with a crocodile-like jaw. How long had it been staring at her she didn't want to know, but it was what was on this dinosaur's back that was strange. It had a large sail-like structure on it's back, composing of a thin sheet of skin that covered it's many bones that would stick up from it's spine. This was a dinosaur Arlie knew, but from a time she did not want to see again. \"No, definitely not him.\" Arlie said in a worried manner, she knew what this thing was and what it would do to her, as this was the same dinosaur that, in Arlie's past, had killed her family. However, instead of it going toward her, it went down, underneath the water, which could mean two things. One; it could be going down, before rising back up and getting Arlie form below. Or two; Arlie wasn't the target. \"So if that wasn't your friend, where is he?\" Frostbite asked, \"He's down under the water trying to break the dam. You might want to go and report that to Arlo, just in case he and his family don't want that to happen. Frostbite turned around, before leaving Arlie, Downpour, and Thunderclap to themselves. Frostbite flew down the mountain, and glided over Arlo and the others, turning around and landing just in front of them. Ben was the first to ask \"So, did you find anyone?\" which prompted Frostbite for a bit, before he could reply \"Y-yes actually, we found one of your friends, and she says that the other one is underwater trying to break the dam.\" He reported, before Ben could even reply though... \"Wait, why is that friend of yours trying to break the dam, you know what would happen if the dam breaks, go back and tell them to stop doing that.\" Arlo said in a serious tone, just as Frostbite was ready to fly, Ben intervened \"No, don't report that. Arlo, if they're breaking the dam then it means they've tried looking for a way out and couldn't find one. If they tried looking for one now, the sun could start to come out and they will be swept by the current back to who-knows-where.\" \"Ben, I know you mean well, and I hate to do this to two friends and someone you haven't told me the name of yet. But we can't just let them take down the dam, if they did that then the water will come out and flood the area. Do you want to potentially save two but wreck hundreds, or do you want to sacrifice two and keep these visitors and animals and critters safe?\" Arlo asked in argument. \"Yes, but this is Arlie we're talking about, along with a really special friend of ours.\" \"Ugh, I've had enough of this 'special friend' of yours, why don't you just refer to him by, oh I don't know, his actual name? \" Arlo said frustratingly. \"Because if we did you would want to save the two over there. Why can't you just trust us and realize this is someone important?\" Ben asked. \"Well, I have only met you guys for less than a day, and this is still everyone here's lives we're talking about. What is so important about him then? Surely you can answer that.\" Arlo argued. \"Oh boy, you're more bossy than I was told about you. Look, I'd love to tell you everything about how much our friend has been through to get here, we've helped him so much he doesn't know how to thank us properly, but he's been wanting to come here for so long now. And you're just gonna waste all that time over this?\" Ben asked, things were not getting better between the two of them. \"Ben, I don't know who told you I was nicer, and yes, I was. But ever since thing has been told to us, I've been acting more like this. Maybe when this ends I can be my normal self again. But that doesn't change the fact that there's still hundreds of us and only two of them. What would your father do?\" Arlo asked, the question was enough to provoke Ben. \"What would my father do? What would your Poppa Henry do!?\" He shouted, Arlo and his family stopped in their tracks and looked at him \"Ben, how do you know my poppa's name?\" Arlo asked worriedly, Ben decided to lie \"Um, Nash, Ramsey and Butch told me.\" \"No, they couldn't, I never once mentioned his name to any of these guys I met. And I'm sure me and my family haven't said his name to you or your friends, so I ask again, how do you know his name? \" Arlo asked, more of a worry-anger tone. Ben sighed, before replying \"You really want to know how? Then allow our friends to break the dam.\" Arlo thought deeply, the pain of not knowing how Ben knew his father's name was so overwhelming, he gave in. \"Okay fine, I give up! Go on then.\" Ben smiled \"Thank you Arlo. I'm sure you'll thank us for this decision once you see who our other friend is. But, you need to see him first.\" He explained, looking over to his left, he noticed a large, shiny rock that was slightly smaller than Arlo. \"Hey Arlo, what is this?\" \"Oh that, it landed in the forest a couple of days ago, it's pretty heavy though so don't try lifting it.\" Arlo replied quietly, Jess ran over to Ethan and Fifi, calling them over to where Ben and Arlo were. \"Ethan, Fifi, can you two lift this rock?\" Jess asked, and sure enough, using the front of their heads, Ethan and Fifi lifted the rock, having it resting in the middle. \"Okay, now, when you're ready, throw it.\" Jess said. \"In what direction, where to?\" Ethan asked. \"The dam.\" Ben and Jess said at the same time. Frostbite launched into the air, flying over the mountain to get back to Arlie, \"You might want to get out the way, they're going to throw a rock into the dam!\" Frostbite warned, Thunderclap and his friends moved the cloud over so it would light up the front of the dam, allowing Ethan and Fifi to see where to aim. After a few seconds of adjusting, they moved back slightly, before launching the rock like a catapult. It whisked through the air, and eventually, it hit the dam, dead in the middle. The rock went straight through the dam, to the other side. Water rushed out, and after sometime, the entire dam gave way. A large amount of water roared in toward the farm, however, the flat area meant that not the entire wave was heading for it. Most went out to the sides, and a lot of it went up the river bed. Only the very front of the wave made it to the walls and forest, though it was enough to move the walls and knock down some of the trees, it wasn't enough to destroy the walls or fully flatten the entire forest. Eventually, the water drained back to the river, which was still flowing backwards. \"Libby, the net!\" Arlo remembered, pulling the string, Libby lowered the net into the river, hoping that at least one of them would hit the net. Fortunately, it didn't take long for the net to be pulled by something. Ethan and Fifi moved toward the river, and, after about five seconds of having their heads underwater, raised up to reveal that it was Arlie. Everyone in the area cheered that they saved one of the two friends. However, there was something wrong... \"Um, guys, where is he? Did he come out before me?\" Arlie asked Ben and Arlo looked at each other worriedly, before moving over to Arlie. \"No, he's not. Still, he might be along next, just give it a moment.\" Ben assured, and then, the sun finally poked out from the moon, the total eclipse had ended, and the sun was lighting everything up. The light-bugs went back to their places, and all the visitors started to leave the area back to where they came from. All except Arlie, the others, Spot, his family, Butch, Nash, and Ramsey, who were all waiting, and waiting, and waiting. A/N: The end of the two part chapter! All together this would of made a 6k, nearly a 7k word chapter, which would of been a record for me. On another note, this story only has three chapters left: two full chapters, and a epilogue. But don't leave just yet, as once the story is done I will release a 'Special Features' chapter with a week after the story's completion that will contain deleted parts, a commentary, and more! Any ways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy), and if a review/PM is helpful enough, I'll send a PM of 5 lines of the next chapter. I'll see you next chapter! Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, Jake, Ethan Fifi, Luke, Mallory, Odina, Tabari and Zarla (Holy crap I've made quite enough OCs for this story) are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Next Chapter title: Family Acceptance[Chapter 23] A/N: Brackets such as \"(Name)\" show which character/s is singing. Chapter 23: Family Acceptance To know what happened to Henry, lets go back a bit to when Henry last appeared. Henry poked out of the water \"Nothing yet. Just came back up for a quick breath, let me know if anything happens up here.\" Henry went back down underwater, diving deeper into the water. The water had calmed enough for trees to float up or sink down, meaning there weren't as many obstacles. Suddenly a light from above lit up the water, allowing Henry to see what was near him, including the dam. Now having a visual, Henry looked for a log that was larger than the others. There were logs of all different sizes, none were what he wanted, and he could only be down there for so long. A massive figure pushed Henry back, leaving before Henry had the chance to see what it was. Then, another figure came from the other side, leaving slow enough for Henry to see what it was. Suddenly, not one, but three figures emerged from the murky water, ramming into him with a force so painful he tried not to let any air out in pain. These were the allosaurs that had followed Henry and his friends, and they too survived the wave. It seemed like any more and he would loose his breath, but then, one of them was dragged back. Just before the second allosaur could attack, it too was dragged back by something, and the same fate happened to the third. Whatever dragged them was stronger and thus larger. Henry tried swimming back up before he could loose his breath, but a gigantic monster pulled him by the tail back down to the bottom. This creature was definitely adapted for the water, as it swam almost twice as fast toward him, fortunately, Henry moved fast enough for it not to hit him directly. However, it instead hit him at a glancing blow with some of it's teeth, leaving a large cut. Henry tried going back up again, desperate for air, but the monster just kept pulling back down, this time biting harder on the tail, going up a third time might mean it actually biting his tail off. That worry was enough for Henry to resist going back up, he felt he was going to die either by the drowning, or by the figure that was in front of him. It swam straight for him, it's aerodynamic shape only making it faster, and then just before it hit, a large sound from above stopped them both. A sudden current lifting them up meant only one thing: the dam had broken. Henry and the monster in front of him were swept out of the dam, and thrown into this new flood. Looking back, the dam had fully collapsed, and to think he had only just came out and was already so far from it. In front of him he saw his home, and with all effort he had he tried moving toward it, that was before the thing dragged him back down underwater. Strong currents from the collapse had sent the river going upstream, with Henry being in this current, he looked back out of the water to find that he had already missed the opportunity to get back home, and was now being swept away, the only difference was that it was upstream. \"This is all your fault, I would be back at home if it wasn't for you!\" Henry shouted at the monster, thinking that it wouldn't reply due to the water. \"At least you have a home to be safe about, to worry about. When I get out of this water, I'll target that first. But for now, my only target is you.\" It stared at him with it's cold black eyes, ready to attack again, and it did. Not a bite, but moving it's upper teeth along Henry's left side, leaving behind a series of parallel gashes. Henry fought back by using his tail as a whip, swinging it as it's head. Slightly dazed, it easily recovered \"Pathetic attack, we all know you can't do anything here in the water, especially not with those blunt teeth. I on the other hand am designed for this, what chance do you have to stop me killing you?\" While he was talking, it somehow didn't notice Henry diving down, that is, before Henry darted straight up at the monster, like a predator would normally do in the water. \"I must admit, you are quite the learner, but that doesn't make you any more of a coward than a group of club-tail animals. I managed to kill a family of those a long time ago, but one managed to get awa-\" \"That was Arlie, my friend. And she's safe from you.\" Henry interrupted. \"Let me guess, at your home too? Well, looks like I can finish the job after all.\" The monster replied. Henry couldn't help but notice the sun was starting to come out, meaning it wouldn't be long. \"There's just one thing you've forgotten about me. I know when to move out the way.\" Henry quickly moved to the left, he saw the river split in two, and left the monster away to it's demise. \"Stupid thing, if only he knew where he was going.\" He said to himself, smiling innocently. The river current was still sending him upstream, and it did for another hour. Then, and only then, did the current slow down, and move back. Henry quickly got hold of a large rock in case the monster did in fact survive, but getting to the point in which the river split, he wasn't there. Sunset over the farm was not a good sign for today, everyone was not so happy at the thought of their friend not coming back \"If your friend isn't back before sun sun is fully down, can you then tell me who your friend was?\" Arlo asked, Arlie gulped \"Yes, but you wouldn't believe us.\" \"I'll be the judge of that when you tell me.\" Arlo replied. Suddenly, the net tugged again, surprising everyone. Quickly, Arlie and Ben rushed over before anyone else could. And, getting slowly out of the river, Henry got back onto dry land. \"Henry!\" Arlie, Ben, Jess, Mike, Chris, Ethan, Fifi, and the tyrannosaurs all said at the same time in excitement, running toward and embracing him. \"Where did you go?\" Ben asked. \"Don't worry, I was swept upstream and then the current changed back. Oh and Arlie, when we're done here I got something to say.\" Henry replied, before looking back at his family, sighing. \"It's been quite a while since we've seen each other.\" Walking toward them, Henry expected them to all embrace him. However, he was surprised to see them back away slightly. \"Uh, guys, what's wrong? You look like you've seen a ghost. Come on, it's me, Henry. Your... Poppa?\" Henry said, a bit more slow and saddened at the end, Henry's friends looked at his family confused by what they did. \"Oh come on guys, it's actually him, why aren't you welcoming him back in tears of joy?\" Arlie said impatiently, Ben nudged her, reminding her of what she did when she was last impatient. It was soon apparent to Henry what was going on, his family hadn't seen him for a month. In that time, a lot might of happened to the family, and their hopes of him coming back had faded. What was going on now was that they had already accepted the face that Henry was no longer here, and so seeing him again would not only be impossible for them, but it could lead them to trying to find a way of explaining why it's not actually him. \"You're... so different, your personality, your voice.\" Arlo said, no one could have said it worse, not because of the way he said it, but because it was Arlo that said it, the one member of the family who wouldn't let go of Henry, and he had already accepted that his father wasn't here. \"Son, a lot of things have happened between then and now, I mean, look at you, so brave and confident. I'm not the only one who's personality has changed here. But you've got to believe me when I say I'm your Poppa. Has it actually come to this, I've walked for weeks on end, been through so much you couldn't believe it, and for what? A family that doesn't even think you're actually here. What am I then, some kind of ghost in a dream that's still haunting you of me? No, this time, it's actually me. Please, just believe me!\" Henry grew every more tired and saddened by the thought that the thing the walked back to had already been missed. Walking around, he soon saw the statue of him. Moving next to it so that they were in the same position, he looked at his son. \"Tell me now, is the old me, and the new me, so different that you think I'm someone else entirely? Don't even answer that. I'm going back.\" Henry walked away, confusing Arlie \"Henry, what are you doing?\" she asked. \"If I really did come back for nothing, there's no point being at home anymore.\" Henry said, moving toward the river. He knew that if he were to go into the river, there would almost be no way out, and would be dragged away back to where he started, if not even further out. This action did something, it made Arlo think twice. If this was really Henry, then this was going to be terrible news. \"Wait!\" Arlo called out, jest before Henry could put his first foot into the water. Turning around, he had no positive expression at all. \"Maybe you're not Poppa, maybe this is just a second dream, or just a hallucination, but if you are him then, I want to see if you can answer three questions. Get all three right, and you really are him, as these are personal only to you and my family.\" Arlo said, it was an opportunity that could not go to waste. \"Question one, what was the last thing Poppa said to me?\" Arlo asked, this was definitely personal, as only Arlo and Henry knew the answer. But, thinking about it again, Henry realized that there was a chance Arlo could include the dream the two had. \"Well son, the last thing I said to you before I was swept away was... 'run Arlo'. However, something tells me you're talking about the time you were trapped in vines, to which I say the last thing I said to you was... 'now go take care of that critter'. Am I right Arlo?\" Henry asked, looking at a slightly shocked Arlo. \"Question two, what was the last thing you and I did when we had fun?\" He asked, this one was only easier. \"Arlo, why answer when you can show.\" The sun had gone down, and it was going dark again, perfect for when Henry swung his tail slowly on the grass, a few light-bugs lighting up everyone. Once again, it felt like things were going great. \"Final question, what are our names, and anything about us that you know?\" There couldn't be a question any easier than that, \"Oh, and this one's for your friend Arlie.\" it was then Henry knew it was going to be difficult, the last time he said all of his family names to Arlie was when they first met. And for Arlie, it wasn't any better, she knew Arlo's name from how similar it was to her's, and she could recall Libby's name from when Arlo said it earlier, but the others she couldn't remember. Looking at Henry was the only thing that triggered her memory once again, back to when she and him first met. \"Okay then, lets start with you then; Ida, a loving mother who worked for the whole family and herself, raising her sons and daughter, she would not loose faith in them, even when some did things to others. She grew concerned of one of her sons when they didn't show signs of developing, and was surely saddened when Henry was swept away and Arlo went out next. Then we have Buck, the strong and potentially alpha male of the three siblings, he grew to be more braver than his brother, and was so proud at it he rubbed it in with pranks that would only scare his sibling even more, however, he too was struck with grief when Henry and his sibling went away... We have Libby, the sister that didn't want to scare her brother, but also didn't stop Buck from scaring or even help her other brother, just like Buck and Ida, she too was not happy when Henry washed away and her brother went next. And finally, Arlo. Born scared of everything, you grew up to want to be just like your poppa, but there was always things in the way that would stop you, like Buck for instance, when your father introduced the 'mark', your was even more determined, but even then you couldn't stop being scared. Your father being devoted as he was tried everything to help, and eventually, he grew impatient and tried to force you. However, that only let to your poppa being swept away, you were hit hardest with grief as you were there when it happened. And to make things worse, soon afterward you got swept out yourself, but on your adventure you grew brave and was willing to sacrifice yourself to save your friend... That's all of you, right? Not by a chance. We have one more member to go through, my friend, Henry. A father so devoted to teaching and caring Buck, Libby and especially Arlo. He introduced the 'mark' to allow them to develop, however one of the siblings; Arlo, couldn't, either something was too scary or Buck scared him. He eventually grew impatient and was willing to sacrifice himself to save Arlo. However, Henry didn't die from that wave, he was washed away a long way from here. He found me and we became friends, and on our journey back we had even more friends join us... But then one day I said something and Henry didn't like it, so he ran from me, desperate to get to you guys he trapped himself, we eventually found him and tried freeing him, but the wave came and washed me and him up. The dam collapsed and, well, you know the rest. So I ask you Arlo, is that a good enough of an answer?\" Arlo and his family were left speechless, Arlie knew basically everything about them, and there was only one way of explaining that. None of them had told her about their past, so only Henry could of told her, but that would mean... it all started to fit together. (Arlo) \" Heart beats fast Colors and promises How to be brave? How can I love when I'm afraid to fall? But watching you stand alone, All of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow. One step closer I have died every day waiting for you Poppa, don't be afraid I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more Time stands still Beauty in all you are I will be brave I will not let anything take away What's standing in front of me Every breath Every hour has come to this One step closer (Arlo, Libby and Buck) We have died every day waiting for you Poppa, don't be afraid we have loved you For a thousand years We'll love you for a thousand more (Ida) And all along I believed I would find you Time has brought your heart to me I have loved you for a thousand years (Arlo, Libby, Buck and Ida) We'll love you for a thousand more One step closer One step closer (Arlo) We have died every day waiting for you (Libby) Poppa don't be afraid we have loved you (Buck) For a thousand years (Ida) We'll love you for a thousand more (Henry) And all along I believed I would find you Time has brought your hearts to me (Family) We have loved you for a thousand years We'll love you for a thousand more\" They got near enough to embrace for the first time in a month. And you can probably tell hugging a family after a month of being way from them would be emotional for them all. However, the embrace couldn't last. Henry was once again reminded that he was back home safe and sound, meaning he had to tell them all. His worry about what might result from it was so big that Arlie and Arlo noticed something was wrong. \"Something wrong?\" they both said, Henry sighed. \"After a month of searching, I've finally found you. I'm so happy to be with you again. But it's not over... There's something I need to get out of me.\" \"And what would that be?\" Arlo asked, Henry looked at Arlie, who knew what he was going to say. A/N: Two more chapters left, the end is near! But remember that there's going to be a bonus chapter after the story is done, so stay tuned for that. Any ways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy), and if a review/PM is helpful enough, I'll send a PM of 5 lines of the next chapter. I'll see you next chapter! Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, Jake, Ethan Fifi, Luke, Mallory, Odina, Tabari and Zarla (Holy crap I've made quite enough OCs for this story) are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Songs in the chapter: A Thousand Years - Christina Perri (It's one of my favorite, despite the fact that it was used for a movie series I will not name here) Next Chapter title: Henry's One Secret[Chapter 24] A/N: Again, brackets such as \"(Name)\" show which character/s is singing. This time however, brackets such as \"[Action]\" show what the character does during a line (this won't be used for many lines at all). Oh and a lot of this chapter is in 1st person, I've usually only done sections of a chapter in this but since the majority of this chapter is in 1st person it might be slightly weird, as it's my first time making almost an entire chapter in 1st person. Chapter 24: Henry's One Secret Arlo and his family were all confused by what his father meant by that; a moment of thick, awkward silence filled. \"Arlo, remember a long time ago when you asked what my parents were like, and I walked away? Buck, remember when you asked what I was like when I was young, and I told you it didn't matter? Libby, you remember when you wondered if I had siblings, and I said I used to? And Ida, when I first met you you wanted to know where my family was, and I grew angry? All of the things you guys asked me and all the ways I acted, they're all relevant.\" Henry finally said. \"Poppa, what are you trying to say?\" Arlo asked, and once again Henry sighed \"What I'm trying to say is, the things I did tell you about my past weren't true. I didn't want you to find out what my life was actually like before you were born, or before I first met you Ida. My past isn't as good as I led you to believe, but rather it was a horrible and tragic one. I never wanted to tell you all because I was afraid you would think of me as someone else entirely, almost like how you thought I wasn't actually Henry a few minutes ago.\" \"But Poppa wh-\" Arlo was interrupted when Arlie nudged him \"You probably don't want to keep asking questions, last time I did that he roared at me and ran off in despair. So don't do what I did.\" She warned, Arlo smiled innocently, before wondering why Henry did that. \"Okay then, so what now?\" Arlo added. \"I think it's time I told you the truth. I feel that's the only way for me to stop feeling guilty.\" Henry replied. The sky was pitch black, and nothing was lighting anything. Ethan and Fifi both leaped and landed back down on all fours, providing enough light for a long time. Henry's family and friends gathered around, this including the Tyrannosaurs. \"Right then, where do I even start, there's just so much I can now remember I don't know... or maybe I do. Okay, lets go all the way back, to when I was born... My life began about forty years ago, but I wasn't born here near Clawtooth Mountain. No I was actually born far away on the edge of a dense jungle forest. But I'd like to say how my siblings were born too. The first to be born was my older sister, and when she was born she was able to run and hide in no time. My parents named her Odina, and she really enjoyed having the name. Father only just got her to stay still before Luke was born, and already the two siblings played around the home we were in. Mallory was next, but the time it took for her to break the egg was longer than it did for me. Everything was going well, but all three eggs had hatched, so where did I come in? Well, one of the eggs was slightly larger than the others, only slightly. And upon checking it they found another, it was me. \"Hello Henry.\" Were the first words I ever heard from my mother. Slightly worried about my father I was weary to come out, and eventually I did. Walking for the first time felt so hard to do, but already my sisters and brother could do it so easily. I looked around and saw just how big things were, and it seemed impossible that one day I would be as high as my parents. Before I knew it I had walked outside the home, I could see just how dense the forest was, and how open the fields were. Food wasn't a problem to deal with around here, the forest provided most of the food, from the common leaves to the sweet fruit that came off form the trees. However, the trees don't provide that food in the winter, so my parents taught us how to make food from the ground. Luke and Odina were the ones that would plow through the ground, Mallory would plant the seeds, but I had no idea what to do, that was, until I went near the river. \"I got a job for you Henry.\" My father spoke, I nearly jumped into the river in shock, he chucked back at me. \"Do you think you can water the crops?\" He added. \"Uh, can you show me?\" I asked nervously, watering plants was not a thing I thought was needed. Besides, if it was, how was suppose to water them all when there was no way to carry the water back? That question was answered when my father put his mouth in the water and held the water there. Rising back out, he still had the water in his mouth as he walked over to the crops. To my amazement he sprayed the water over every single one, there wasn't a plant that weren't wet. \"You think you can do that on the other field?\" He asked, I was determined to achieve something for once like my siblings. \"Yes dad, I know I can.\" I walked down to the river again and like my father I got hold as much water as I could. Walking over to the next field of crops I managed to spray about a quarter of it, it wasn't as good as my father but it was something. \"You're pretty good at this, when you're older and stronger you'll certainly be able to cover the lot.\" My father told. That was one of the good days. However, there was one thing I was afraid of at the time: The forest, there was something about it that felt disturbing. But nonetheless it didn't take long for my family to notice said fear, and one day before I was a year old, I was tasked to go into the forest. If I could make it into the middle of the forest, marked with a distinctively large redwood tree, and back home before an hour had passed, that would of hopefully ended my fear. So I started walking into the forest, a clear path to the middle meant that it would be easy, but every time the wind blew or I broke a twig I would almost jump thinking it was someone else behind me. Somehow, it only took me ten minutes to get to the middle, on the bark was a small blue rock. Thinking it was the thing I needed to prove I did in fact made it to the middle, I walked back. The forest wasn't as bad as I thought, and it seemed that my only fear was to fade this early in my life. But then I noticed on the way back something was out of place; one of the trees had fallen down. Looking around it I put two on two that the tree had just fallen down because it was old, the trees around there were said to be almost a thousand years old. But behind me was something much larger than anyone I've met before. It was so large and had so many teeth I instantly called it 'the monster', it's large sail-like spine changed color, from a deep brown to a medium red. I ran away from the monster as fast as I could as it ran ever faster. I managed to think right and turn a sharp bend, and it proved harder for it to turn corners than straight. Using that exploit against it, I turned at sharp bands so many times it couldn't keep up. But just before I got to the edge of the forest, it came back up and grabbed hold of me by the tail. So much I wanted to be back home, and seeing it's mouth open was enough to scar me for quite some time. Just before it could start swallowing me, it was bashed to the side by my father. He roared so loud it nearly made me go deaf, and it was loud enough to scare the monster away. \"Maybe the forest isn't such a good place for you, you all right?\" He asked, but I was just too scared to ask. \"It's okay Henry, I'll always be here in your life to help you, only when you're ready will I let you be. For now you just got to adapt to things, okay?\" He wrapped his tail around me, allowing me to feel more calm. We both got back to our home, and everyone was happy to see that I actually had half an hour left. The next day was the more special, we celebrated our birthday, everyone was happy then and it felt like my life was going to be great. \"Well well, if it isn't Henry the scared of a 'monster', oh please, spare me your excuses on that.\" Luke and I were out of hearing distance from home when this happened, he was the older brother and felt that attention should be spread equally. He hated how I seemed to be my father's favorite sibling, even though he never said anything of the sort. When he was told about what happened in the forest, he saw an opportunity to mock me for it. \"Luke, I'm not joking when I say it was a monster. If you were there you would of-\" \"I would of actually thought of an idea and hide.\" He interrupted. \"No that wouldn't work, it could smell me and you a mile off.\" I argued back at him, one of my mistakes. \"Ha! So you thought running from it would help you escape? If it wasn't for our father you'd be dead meat.\" Luke then pushed me onto the ground, and then put one of his feet on my neck, knowing that it was all he had to do to stop my breathing. \"LUKE!\" Odina ran to me and nudged Luke out of the way, helping me get back up. \"You all right Henry? Okay. Luke, what the hell was that for?\" She asked angrily. Luke only moaned \"Oh great, now you're on his side?\" \"Yes I am Luke, but only because you shouldn't bully him for something that wasn't his fault.\" She argued back. Soon afterwards she told my parents about what Luke had done, and he was punished. And that's when things started to go wrong. From then on Luke would bully me, the next four years were only getting worse and worse. Luke managed to convince my younger sister, Mallory, to bully me as well. That only made things worse for me and Odina, and it made me so scared of everything because anything could happen. One day, my father and mother noticed something about the river. It was draining faster than normal, I couldn't help but listen in on what they were talking about. From what I could hear, they were planning to move to some location on a mountain. But it was the next day we knew what was going to happen. \"We have got something to say to all four of you... We're going for a little walk to a place me and Zarla went a long time ago. It seems something bad might happen here soon and the place we're going to is the only place we know that's safe.\" My father announced, it wasn't long before we had to move out. I said one last goodbye to the place before we walked over the first hill, and that was the last time I saw my home. A couple of days went by, and we managed to find a mountain with three peaks, never before had I seen something that high. \"Welcome, to Clawtooth Mountain. It's name comes from how the mountains are shaped like teeth, but also like claws. It's not an original title but at least it's better than other mountain names such as the valley of ten peaks. Anyways, we need to get to the other side, and the quickest way to do that is by going over on the left side.\" My mother explained, I stayed behind the others when we got to the base of the mountain, so if there were unstable rocks they could find them before me. And it worked for most of the way up. However, my father thought it would be best if I went to the front with my siblings, not good for me that is. The first few moments of being at the front were fine, they didn't really notice me too much. All four of us siblings were the first to get to the top. \"Ugh, you again? Why are you here? Go back to our parents and have them comfort you, you wouldn't want to be so scared you fall down the mountain now would you?\" There was something wrong, everything was going dark, and none of us knew where it was coming from. The sun was still up, but only a third of it was shining, the rest had been blocked by something. \"Aww, what's the matter? Too scared because the sun is going dark? Ha, you're more pathetic than I thought.\" \"Leave him alone Luke, this whole four years of bullying started because you wanted more attention than he did.\" Odina argued back, Luke however replied by spitting on her face \"I now know why you like him so much, because you just want to be the goody two feet. Well to that I say that you can't be like this forever, one day you'll realize that being with cowards isn't the best way to live.\" Two things in that moment made me angry, the first was the fact that he called me a coward, and the second was that he actually spat in her face. \"Luke, did you just, spit in her face?\" I said, they soon noticed that I twitched my eye a little. \"Whoa, dude, you okay?\" Mallory asked. \"Am I okay? Am I okay!? No I'm not okay. You know why? Not only has Luke here been beating me up because of the most stupidest reasons, but also... No one, spits in my sisters face...\" I said angrily, Mallory started backing away toward our parents, meanwhile Odina smiled at my distinct liking toward her, and Luke was only now just starting to realize his mistake. \"I have to go through a lot of pain from you just so I can actually live, it doesn't help when you start abusing others because they want to help me get through it too.\" \"What a noble thing to say... Henry the Coward, that should be your new title, puts a nice ring to it too.\" Luke smirked, however the true rage I kept for four years had only now become too great. I roared aloud right in Luke's face, loud enough for him and Odina to start backing away. \"I am not. A. Coward!\" I leaped up on my back two legs, before landing down. However, I landed in the wrong spot; a loose part of the mountain. A rumbling from below grew louder, and just when our parents had got near, their weight combined was the last thing needed for the landslide to commence. Everyone but me was dragged into the landslide, some were trapped deep inside it, and others were trapped on the surface. Looking beyond them, I saw a large wave, which would of headed straight for my family and kill them. It charged closer and closer, \"For goodness sake Henry, save us now or be called Henry the Coward for good!\" Luke shouted, I had plenty of time to save my family and still make it out, but there was something I feared, a nagging feeling. I was too afraid to go down, and worse, I turned around from my family and started walking away. I looked up just in time to see the sun become fully blocked, and then from behind, several screams echoed from below, followed by a large splash from the wave. I walked to see where my family were, but alas, they weren't there. The wave bashed the rocks together and ultimately my family was killed by either drowning or by the impact of the rocks. There was nothing I could do now to save, or anything, they were gone. They were actually gone. It took a very long time for that thought to sink in, and when it finally did, I wailed a loud, long cry of despair. It wasn't long however that I had to stop, I breathed in again, and started all over again. Eventually I could feel my voice start to break, any more and I would loose my voice permanently. All that time I spent, and I didn't notice how a large wave went through to the other side. When I finally looked at the farm, it was intact, but it also had some damage done. Creatures, animals and critters spread out from the forest; a place where they too could hide from the wave. When they all left, I felt it was time to at least see what was there. Walking down the mountain was slightly easier than going up, and getting to the bottom, I could see the farm and it's inhabitants. Once again, I feared what would happen if I were to go other there, the ones that lived there were like me, but would they accept me? I hid in the forest when it started to rain heavily, and there seemed to be no way I could ever get my confidence back. The mere thought of what I had to do now was driving me crazy, so crazy I thought I could see someone next me. but then I realized, there WAS someone next to me. \"Who are you?\" I asked, he didn't seem to notice me until then. \"I'm Henry. What's your name?\" He replied in a deeper voice than mine was at the time. I had never heard of anyone with the same name, so the thought of it made me sort of terrified. My n-name is also H-Henry, why are you here?\" I asked, wondering why he was next to me in the first place. \"I'm not sure why I am here. But believe me when I say this, I am you in your future.\" Is what he answered with. But how was that possible, was I really seeing what I would be like in the future? \"A-Are you sure, is this w-who I become when I'm o-older?\" I asked in deep wonder. \"Yes, I'm sure. I remember what I did to my parents, my family, and like you I hated it. I... You-um, we both know what we did to our family. But I can tell you that you do indeed become much braver than who you are right now. However I, like you, am still not keen on talking about what happened, I need to tell my family that.\" He explained, it has just occured to me that he said he had a family. \"Wait, I- you have a family? As in a son and daughter?\" I kept asking, the older version of me nodded \"Yes, I have a family, and you will have a family too. There's Libby, Buck, and a really special son named Arlo. You're going to have a bit of trouble with him, but you're also going to have some great fun with him.\" He answered. There wa something missing in all of this though. \"Why are you telling me all of this?\" He sighed again \"To show you that you do change. You need to stop worrying about the past and think about what to do now. Be brave like you will eventually be, and I know you can be something more than who you are. Just like Arlo, you were, or still are afraid of everything. But, you will become much more, I know Arlo is like me, but greater, and I am sure you can be me and so much more. In fact I think... you are, me and more.\" He said, it clicked in my head that he, I was right to myself. I needed to stop worrying anymore. \"I will make sure to not be afraid of anything from now on. I will make you proud Henry!\" I said, and thus, he dissolved into thin air while smiling. It was now official, stop worrying about things or bust. I went to the farm, and soon met Ida. They asked where my family was and I lied, they agreed they would keep me as a guest until my family would come back but, they would never be back, I knew that and they didn't. More years went by, and I was starting to forget about my past. When you were born Arlo, your actions reminded me of myself, Buck reminded me of Luke sometimes and Libby reminded me of Odina. But Arlo, there was one event that made me see you were already greater than me. When the wave was about to wash me away, I noticed you were trying to help, a thing I never did when my family was in the same situation. And so, that's my life story...\" (Henry) \"What cause have I to feel glad? I've built my life on judgement and causing pain. I don't know those eyes I see in the bloodstained chrome. Now everything that I've had and everything I've known have been thrown away. And with time I've come to find this isn't my home. I've stroked the fire, seen more pain that you can know. The tears of the broken have washed away my soul. Pushed by desire to change the way my stream will flow, now I've awoken, and I'm taking back control. I try my best to block out the screams, but they're haunting me in my dreams. Please break my shackles, I want it to stop. (Young Henry) I watch these repeated dreams. Day in, day out, the grinding wears on my brain. Undermining my sanity, making me question my reality. But life is not as it seems. Should I take a chance of freedom and throw it all down the drain? I've been imprisoned, please burn my transgressions away. I've stroked the fire, seen more pain that you can know. The tears of the broken have washed away my soul. Pushed by desire to change the way my stream will flow, now I've awoken, and I'm taking back control. I try my best to block out the screams, but they're haunting me in my dreams. Please break my shackles, I want it to stop. (Henry) I've stroked the fire, seen more pain that you can know. The tears of the broken have washed away my soul. Pushed by desire to change the way my stream will flow, now I've awoken, and I'm taking back control. I'm sick of hurting, sick of thinking it's all I do. [Points to Arlie] I break those around me, those spared are very few. [Points to his family] But the bright sun is burning, and my sky shines ever blue. Friendships surround me, I'm becoming a part of you. I try my best to block out the screams, but they're haunting me in my dreams. Please break my shackles, I want it to stop.\" Henry was suddenly embraced by everyone \"Henry, you don't have to worry anymore. You've got us.\" Arlie said. \"Yeah, and as long as you've got us, we'll make sure the rest of our lives are better than before!\" Arlo added. A/N: Holy... the planning alone for this took too long, not to mention how many times I had to redo Henry's story, so sorry if this is so late. Any ways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy), and if a review/PM is helpful enough, I'll send a PM of 5 lines of the next chapter. I'll see you next chapter! Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, Jake, Ethan Fifi, Luke, Mallory, Odina, Tabari and Zarla (Holy crap I've made quite enough OCs for this story) are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Songs: Awoken - Woodentoaster Next Chapter title: Epilogue[Chapter 25] A/N: This is the last chapter of the story. Chapter 25: Epilogue One year later... A near-winter day started nicely, the clouds that were in the sky were fluffy-looking and moved slowly toward Clawtooth Mountain. There was little wind to touch the ground, which made it easier for everyone to work. Arlo, Arlie and Buck first worked on removing nearby trees, cutting them down using their tails. Nearby, Libby and Ben worked on ploughing the next field, this being the seventh field in the farm, and Arlie would sometimes help if one of them was a bit tired. Ida and Libby would then later work on planting the seeds for the new field of corn. Some of the other fields were still growing, which was where Henry, Ethan and Fifi would spray water on them, soaking the plants with enough water for a few days. After that, the three moved onto the fields that were already ripe, and would carry the crops over to the second, newer silo. Jess, Mike and Chris would then strip the corn and place them in said silo. When they weren't busy, Arlo, Ida and Ben would work on other chores to keep the place fine-looking, feed the chickens etc. A production rate so great they had enough food for a long time. Plans to have more than just corn was thought of a few months ago, and there were plans to find seeds that would provide extra food. It was agreed that Spot and his family could stay, as they could have the remaining food that wasn't eaten. Working for all the day was hard, but it was worth the while of having more food than ever before. The best part? Butch, Ramsey and Nash were only a few hundred meters away. Everyone helped clear a large section of the forest out for them to put their longhorns in. They didn't help much, but every few days they would come by, and when it was time for drinking they would also come by the farm for the water in the river. By the end of the day, it was almost time. Everyone gathered near the farm, walking past the statues of not only everyone, but also of Henry's past family. \"It's great to see you all here. One year ago a lot of you thought I was no longer here, some of you didn't even know I existed. In a matter of weeks we've all learned some lessons, either the easy or hard way. And now look where we are, I'm here with my family and friends and I couldn't be any happier. However, there are some things to address today. First, it's been found that the farm is in fact over two hundred years old today, so that's something. Also, tomorrow we'll allow three members to venture beyond Clawtooth Mountain to find more types of food. Arlie, Arlo and Spot have been chosen by the majority to be the first ones if they would like. Finally, I would like to say that tonight we're hosting a party near to celebrate the anniversary.\" Henry announced, a few cheers here and some applause while he spoke. Later that night, everyone gathered again and had started to have a great party. Henry found a way out of it to find a calm space, with Arlie following. \"What are you doing out here Henry? I thought you wanted to have a good time.\" She said. \"You know, It's just hard to think about it all, it was only a year ago I got swept from Arlo before finding a way back whilst re-discovering my past, and here we are thinking it's like nothing. Why do things change so fast?\" \"Henry, sometimes it's good that times change fast, it allows us to adapt and be used to more things whilst still learning from our mistakes. You've already done a good job at adapting to things and I think Arlo is gonna be just like you, even if he was born differently.\" Arlie said, her last statement reminding Henry of one last thing. \"Arlie, there's something you haven't told me. When we first met I told you about how Arlo was born and you looked worried, I tried asking what was wrong and you said you would tell at a better time. Don't you think now is a better time?\" Henry asked, it took a second for Arlie to remember. \"Ah yes, you told me that Buck had hit the egg a couple of times making a large crack. What I wanted to say on that day was that; Hitting or opening an egg can lead to a major disability in development, meaning that Buck hitting the egg is probably the reason why he was so small and why he was afraid of anything.\" Arlie explained, thinking about it, Henry thought about what it would of been like if that didn't happen. In response, he chuckled \"If Buck hadn't hit the egg, Arlo probably wouldn't of been scared of everything like I was. But that would also mean I wouldn't of been swept away, our family would of never met you guys, and I would have forgotten about my past all together. So in reality, I would actually like to thank Buck for that. 'Cause if there's one thing I know from now, it's that... ...I wouldn't have it any other way.\" A/N: The End. No seriously, this is the end of the story. However, I'm doing a Bonus Features chapter later this week, which will contain a lot of things such as how I planned the story, deleted scenes, and maybe a preview of the next story :D . Any ways, I hope you liked the chapter, or even enjoying the story so far! To the new people here, I'll be uploading a chapter every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (Unless I'm busy), and if a review/PM is helpful enough, I'll send a PM of 5 lines of the next chapter. I'll see you next chapter! Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, Jake, Ethan Fifi, Luke, Mallory, Odina, Tabari and Zarla (Holy crap I've made quite enough OCs for this story) are the only characters owned by me. Every other character is owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'. Final Chapter: Bonus Features[Chapter 26] A/N: Since this Bonus Features is so large, it's been split into two. Chapter 26: Bonus Features Part 1 Contents: 1. Commentary 2. Opinion on The Good Dinosaur (TGD) 3. Character Info Commentary Hey everyone, I'm Alex; the writer behind Henry's Long Adventure, and I just wanted to give a basis about how the story was made and all the different plots and versions that went through for this final piece to be made. Right at the very start I wanted to have a story- a what if story, kind of like the movie except instead of a historical event it's a what if on the movie: What if Henry didn't die? For this I had to figure out one thing in particular, and that was if Henry didn't die in the movie why didn't he come back in the movie. Eventually I found that if he was swept out much further down the river than Arlo it would of taken more time to get back home than it did for Arlo. Next was how far Henry traveled, to which I needed to know how many days went by in the movie since Henry's 'death'. I put an estimate on about two weeks went by in the movie, but it could of been more due to not knowing the duration of time that passed between the last shot of Henry and the first shot of his grave. A solution to this I thought of was to actually have Henry's Adventure last a year, hence the original title of \"Henry's Year Adventure\" and the error in the Prologue Chapter (you can still see it if you want). At the time I made the prologue it was about a month before it would of been uploaded, as there was no plot to the story in the prologue. So the summary of the plot I had was that Henry was a far far away from home and would eventually find his way back, but there was nothing in the middle. The first idea was actually to have the story as a musical, where about 70% of the story was literally singing. However there were things I noticed that didn't make it seem right, for example I had to put enough background during singing to give a story and not every character could sing, so eventually the idea of a musical was put to rest. Version 2 of the story was more complicated than a musical, since I actually analyse the personality of Henry. I noticed that he had a variety of positive emotions presented in the movie (Happiness, love, laughter etc.), but only had a few negative ones. For example he would only get angry when Buck did something bad to Arlo, he would be sad if he'd done something to Arlo or if Arlo was giving up (notice how a lot of these things relate to Arlo), Henry was only ever annoyed when Arlo couldn't stop fearing everything, and last but not least, Henry was scared when the wave showed up. That last negative emotion got me thinking, as his sudden reaction meant to me that he had seen this before somewhere (I now see that he could have been scared for Arlo's safety). The emotion of fear and the scene where Henry; the brave, wise character of the family is scared meant a lot for me. So I based Version 2 of the plot around Henry's incapability of fear, how he's only just starting to fear things, and getting used to it. As Henry met new characters each one would give their opinion on fear, some outrageously stupid and others more wiser than Henry. Eventually Henry would get to terms with what fear is and see why Arlo was afraid of everything before Henry finally makes it back home. There was only one thing missing: A twist to the story for the viewers and the other characters. A twist for the characters was soon found, this was that word of Arlo; the brave dinosaur, had spread everywhere, and when the characters saw Henry they would mistake him for this brave dinosaur. There would be a point at which Henry would have to admit he's not the brave dinosaur, that was the twist for the characters, but what about the twist for the audience? The answer to that was again by looking at the movie and the story. Since Henry was now alive this meant the cliche of the parents dying was removed, so I decided to see if Henry had parents of his own, of course I found nothing because Henry and his current family were the only apatosaurs in the movie. Which got me thinking, what if Henry's parents and possibly siblings too had died sometime in Henry's past, and Henry felt guilty of not doing anything to save them? This felt like the perfect twist in the story, there would be scenes where other characters would ask about Henry's past and his family and he would do random things in response, with this twist explaining why. The significance of the wave came back and had it so that Henry's older family died by a wave (which to me would have explained Henry's sudden reaction to the wave in the movie). So there we have it, Version 2 was about Henry coming back home, and in the process would meet new characters, get used to fear, and eventually explain what happened to his family. And then one of my friends pointed out something that made me throw some sections of the story out; how many different personalities would have to be shown in the story. This eventually led to me lowering the duration of Henry's Adventure from a year to about a month, and the amount of characters Henry met went from about 20 (Yes, I was going to have THAT much) to 7. And it was then I had a good single-plot story, it was time for the personalities of the other characters. The first was of course Arlie, an ankylosaurus who had a serious personality. This was a character that I thought would be good at changing the plot of the story, so that she would eventually lead Henry to admit about him not being the good dinosaur. I used the idea of over-analyzing everything as a defense Arlie would have, that and her tail. Her backstory was that she was when young captured by human critters due to traps, and escaped. This was changed to her family being killed by a spinosaurus. Next was onto Arlie's friend: Ben, like his Dryosaur counterpart, Ben was fast and wiser than Arlie when it came to meeting friends. The relationship between these first two characters was that Arlie and Ben had been friends ever since they met, and the backstory behind Ben was that he was abandoned by his family, before nearly being eaten by a spinosaurus. This was the beginning of Version 3, the final version. However, there was something missing that I needed: A sub-plot. Again, my friend solved this when they mentioned I had not so far included Arlo and his family. I came up with a crazy plot of an eclipse and a tsunami, and how every so often this would happen. Arlo and his family had to prepare for it by making a dam, Henry and his friends had to get to Clawtooth Mountain before this happened, and how Henry's family was killed by this event. And that was the final version, I then added the triplets Mike, Chris and Jess; The triplets with different personalities. And finally adding Ethan and Fifi: The loving couple, to the plot (one day before the prologue was uploaded). However, there were still things I felt could of been added to the plot, or things that could of been taken away. I want to say that I'm not doing a remake of this story. It would be nice to see a much more polished story, but there's not much to add or take so for now, no remake on the story. Thoughts on TGD Part 1: Thoughts on the movie itself I have to say it, TGD is in my opinion one of the best movies I've seen so far compared to other Pixar movies. It's ability on the animation was far beyond fantastic and realistic looking, and the emotions presented are also stunning. The music had fit very well with the scenes, and all of these things are what inspired me to make a story like it. However, I can see what others meant when they said it felt more like a Disney movie than a Pixar movie, there was something about it to this day I can't seem to get is wrong with the movie, there's just something about it... Any ways, I personally would recommend this movie, maybe not to smaller kids as this movie does indeed present a lot of dark situations, other than that I love the movie and always will, nothing will change that. Thoughts on TGD Part 2: Theories behind the movie 1: Sequel? The answer in my opinion is more complicated than it seems, Pixar has made sequels from 5 of 13 franchises, and 8 of 23 movies are sequels, so the chance of TGD having a sequel is already lower than 50%, but not to worry, as that's just in general. Plot wise, TGD has a higher chance than in general, as franchises like Cars (Yes, I'm talking about THAT franchise) had it's first movie wrapped up nicely, but then went on to make Cars 2 (I'll talk movie on this movie soon), so a sequel to TGD could be likely from that. Next we have money, and TGD made the least amount of money in all Pixar films, but to be honest, a sequel isn't determined by how much money it made. Look at Toy Story, the second worst movie in terms of Worldwide gross profit, but it gets 3 sequels. So that doesn't change much on the overall on if TGD will have a sequel or not. Back to plot, this time for the ones which haven't yet got a sequel, most of the films which haven't got a sequel have had nice endings which wrapped up the plot very well, WALL-E and Up ended nice, and so did other films. However, some films that had a nice plot ending, for example Cars and The Incredibles, have/will be having sequels in the not so long future, and there's no way of knowing if the films that haven't had sequels will be getting sequels. So plot wise, TGD is 50/50. All in all I can say that it's not likely TGD will have a sequel, but you may never know, it's better to be optimistic than pessimistic, right? So what will be in a sequel if there will be one? My first thought about a potential sequel would be another adventure, maybe with more than one member of the family or another Arlo and Spot adventure. It would be nice to see a bit more light shed on the siblings, as they really didn't have much to say in the movie (Buck and Libby only have a couple of lines, and most of them are when they are in child hood). Another idea would be like the story I had, about Henry actually not being dead and finding his way back home, in fact that's what I first intended this story to be: A theoretical sequel that Pixar could make. Or, the sequel could actually be a prequel, maybe an adventure Ida or Henry had in their past that made them who they are now in the first movie. That would be nice too as it would mean more personality and life would be seen on the parents and even their parents, how they grew up and what challenges/inspirations they went through to be. Or even have a 2-plot prequel, where you see both Henry's and Ida's past, and at the end they meet up with each other. Pixar, make it happen! (I would very much doubt a member of Pixar searching up fanfiction on TGD and finding these ideas, maybe I should do a comic on this story. Eh...) 2: Did Henry actually die ? Now, you might ask why I would bring this up for something like TGD. However, it makes a lot of sense to question it, one of the things people complained about the movie was how Arlo survived the wave (and the waterfall) twice, but Henry couldn't survive one of them? There were two explanations I, and some people had to choose between, either the makers of TGD made it like this because Arlo was the main character and to bring the metaphor \"you're me and more\", or Henry didn't die from the river and falling into the river isn't so dangerous as the movie makes it seem. Only a few people I've seen/met have turned to the second choice, and one of those was the channel \"How it should have ended\". About 95% of people who watched the movie chose the first option because it was the most logical, and it is... But, there's actually good reasoning behind why Henry didn't die from the wave. The first is actually a mention \"How it should of ended\" made. In their video for TGD, they pointed out that Henry was high enough to have his head above the water (in the movie he's not really stretching his neck, so their theory is possible). Another reason is that is they did indeed survive, a sequel based on this would overthrow everyone who thought he did (the grave shown after it cuts to black doesn't mean Henry's body is under it). The third reason is Finding Dory... no seriously... (SPOILERS!) in Finding Dory, it's teased that Dory's parents died trying to find Dory in the quarantine room. But then in the next scene, it's revealed that they only left the place, which shows how even Pixar can tease at the parents dying cliche. (END OF SPOILERS!) ...There's also another thing that relates to Henry not dying. People have made claims how the Henry death scene is similar, if not exactly the same, as when Mufasa dies in The Lion King (Does that need to count as spoilers?). But there's things that show that it's not. When Mufasa dies, stampede is already half way. In TGD Henry is hot by the very front of the wave, not halfway into the flood. Mufasa dies because Scar pushes him into the stampede, but Henry stops trying to get out of danger. And the last, but most important difference, after the stampede, Simba goes to Mufasa to try to wake him up. But in TGD, Arlo does what exactly to Henry? Nothing, because in The Lion King, you can actually see Mufasa's body and confirm that he's dead. But in TGD, Henry is swept away, and is never physically seen again in TGD, and that means you can't fully confirm Henry's death because you don't see Henry's body to confirm that he's dead (One person once told me, if you can't find the body, they're not really dead). So if people are comparing TLK to TGD, then it's safe to say that you can say Henry is not dead because of the things mentioned just now. And the scene Arlo has of Henry still being alive but then realizing that Henry is not here anymore is only a vision, it's not a confirmation. Okay, so that's the reasons why Henry could still be alive, but what's to say he isn't alive? Well as mentioned before, we never see Henry again (physically) in the film. It would also make sense of the parent's dying cliche, but then again we did just cover Finding Dory. But there's a theory I have that could disprove all of the evidence for Henry NOT dying. I looked at all three scenes where Henry gets hit by the wave, Arlo falls into the river, and Arlo gets hit by the wave. First off, let me remind you that when Arlo is first in the river, the river isn't as rapid and dangerous as when the wave hit; where the water was full of trees. So for now lets look at where Arlo is in the wave and when Henry is about to get hit by the wave. Right away there's one thing that's different. Henry is hit by the wave when the river is in a tight, narrow cut through the mountain range. Arlo gets hit by the wave when the river is in a flat, wide valley behind Clawtooth Mountain. The positions Arlo and Henry are when the wave hits them are also different, Arlo is stretched out as he's half way into jumping, while Henry is standing. This means Arlo has less force of the wave than Henry does when it hit's them. The wave that hit Arlo came from a massive landslide, while the one that hit Henry is unknown, but likely to have been made from a smaller landslide. This means less trees are in the wave that hit Henry, but because of how narrow the river was then it would have a similar density of trees. The speed of the two waves are also equal, as while the wave that hit Arlo is much more spread out, it has more energy due to the larger landslide. So the tree density and wave speed are same. The only differences are the positions Arlo and Henry is in, and two other things. Firstly, Arlo has his head in the middle of the wave while Henry has his head slightly higher than the top of the wave. This is actually key, as having all of you being moved instantly and all but your head moving instantly are two different things. Arlo is slightly dazed while we only get a yell from Henry. Second, Arlo is in the middle of the wave, and Henry is on the side. There's less energy at the sides of the wave, but it's actually more dangerous to be near a wall when a wave comes. The theory behind why Henry dies is that Henry hits the side of the mountain almost straight after he's hit by the wave. Remember the first time Arlo went in the river, he hits his head on the side of a rock and goes unconscious. And that's when the river is not in a flash flood, for Henry we have a rapid wave pushing him into the side of a mountain. Now that's bound to make someone unconscious, but that doesn't kill him right? We see Arlo knocked out in the river and yet he survives the water fall. Yes but that was when the river was still calm, when the river wasn't calm and Arlo was hit, he swam to Spot and went in a tucked in position when they went down the water fall. For Henry however, the wave would have lost a lot of energy when it went over to the more wider area that Arlo was in, and so when it got around to the water fall, the wave would be slower and less powerful. I think that if Henry was to die, it would be from the waterfall, as there wouldn't be enough water at the bottom, and since Henry is unconscious he's not going to go into a safe position when landing at the bottom. So how Henry would die is by either drowning, or due to the fall. So, which is it? Henry isn't dead and might be close to home by the end of the movie, or did Henry die due to drowning/being unconscious when he fell down the water fall? To be honest I'm stuck in the middle here. Character info If you ever look up on google images 'the good dinosaur', you might notice a blue picture featuring one of the main characters along with text showing their name and a bit on info about them. This is like that but for this story. Henry: Swept from his family and home, Henry has yet to find a way back home. When he meets Arlie and take a treacherous journey back, Henry find the one thing he's ever feared in his life: Himself. But as the days go by personalities change, friendships are tested, and secrets left for decades will be unlocked with dire consequences. Arlie: Lying to this one is not easy, unless you're Henry. Arlie is a sweet and kind when it comes to friendships, but her analyzing of everything is the only thing that can get in their way as their journey back to Clawtooth Mountain reveals more to Arlie as she wants. Time will come when her skills become her downfall, and only then will she understand the meaning of secrets. Ben: He thinks as fast as he moves, and beating him in a race is bound to be surprising. Ben is open-minded and likes to think about others' actions. Already friends with Arlie when he sees Henry, Ben realizes there's a lot more to this journey than the other two can see, and when things start to turn, he knows there's going to be a braking point. Chris, Mike, Jess: The small trio that have not too long been born. In need of water when they find Henry, they soon become friends. However their different personalities soon allows them, and especially one of the three, to be wiser than most of everyone. Jess being the only girl has to sometimes think on her own, and one can be surprised to see the ideas she comes up with. Ethan and Fifi: A loving couple that will walk the Earth together, Ethan and Fifi are keen to get to Clawtooth when they encounter Henry's friends. As tension between the others rise, their love for each other is the only thing that seems unchanging. But behind it all another, oncoming force is also unchanging, and this time it's not the storms... Arlo: Without his father to control how to defend the place, Arlo fills the gap to make sure everything goes smoothly. But as things get complicated and unwanted faces turn up, he's soon pushed to the point of extremes. Adapting with stricter personalities, one event will surprise him for the rest of his life: the return of his beloved father. A/N: Part two will be out soon. Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, Jake, Ethan Fifi, Luke, Mallory, Odina, Tabari and Zarla (Holy crap I've made quite enough OCs for this story) are the characters owned by me. The other characters are owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'.[Chapter 27] A/N: There will be no more updates on \"Henry's Long Adventure\" after this. Chapter 27: Bonus Features Part 2 Contents: 4. Songs 5. Deleted Scenes 6. Bloopers 7. Preview Songs Part 1: Song Meanings While the musical idea was thrown out, the idea of having songs was thought about again and was accepted. While there may be a lot of songs sang in this story, the musical version wouldn't of had any speech in it, try imagining that with the story plot. So what did the songs shown in the story have to do with the story anyways? Personality. Notice how the only characters who have sang more than one song is Arlo and Henry, this was put in purposefully to show that while Henry and Arlie are the main characters, Arlo and Henry have the most personality in them. It's also a hint at how the two were the main characters in the first act of the film. The first song ever shown is that sang by Arlo called \"Can't catch me\". In the song, Arlo first sings about his fears, how his parents have helped him, and how he's now brave. Next, he then sings about his hopes and goals while he was lost with Spot. In the third verse, 'they' means the fears Arlo had before, and he sings about how now his fears can no longer get to him, and if they do he'll adapt quickly. Fourth, he sings that he was born and raised to be like his father, and how he had to 'blend' in with his other two siblings. Song number 2 was a re-worded version of \"Let's Kill Tonight\" and was sang by Buck. As sang in the song, Buck goes to each member of his family and tell them what they can do to make he statue Arlo planned to make. There's not really much of a personality meaning behind it other than Buck wanting to make teamwork out of the chaos of building the dam, which shows that he has changed form what he was before. The third song is once again sang by Arlo called \"The Nights\". In it, Arlo describes about the younger years when they had to learn from their fears, and hoe his father told him never to give up hope. This shows that Arlo still has a strong connection to his father even though they all think he's dead. The song also is ironic, as in the next chapter all hope Henry has is lost, and his fears come out. Now, chapter 18 did not have any songs in it. But it did have a few references to a song that went by unnoticed. After Henry gets through his wave of anger and before he tells Arlie he hates her, he says some things that don't really fit together. Most of what he says there are actually lines from the song \"Sarcasm\" By Get Scared (Even the name of the Artist is relevant, heh). In the song, a man is sad by what someone else has said, but throughout the song he slowly goes into madness, kind of like what Henry might of done (yes, Henry going mad was a thing I was considering doing). The song shows how Henry is nearly at breaking point, and if he was pushed any further his personality would have turned dark forever (maybe even becoming a villain). However, he stops saying more lines, and gets the idea about a way to escape this madness. Chapter 19 has two songs, the first is by Henry, and it's a pretty emotional one (if you listen to it). But reading just form the lyrics, Henry talks about how things in his past haunt him again, and describes one of the dreams he has. This is a full change from the maddening song references in the previous chapter, which goes to show how quick Henry can change and that he might actually be scarred from something. The second song is sang by Jess. In the first verse she's saying how Henry was never satisfied by Arlie, and how he was changing everyone's lives by being swept from his home. The second and third verses are about how she remembers Henry when he was angry, and goes on to say that she wants to turn back time and stop it from happening. By the end of the song she realizes there's nothing they can do anymore, and have to go with the flow. One of the final songs is sang by Arlo again, but also joint sang by his family including Henry. It's explained in the song, but Arlo talks about how he has secretly missed Henry and knew one day he would come back, despite all the signs that said he was dead. Throughout the song Henry and his family walk closer, symbolizing just how much it takes to reunite after so long (I know it's only a month, but still, grieving about someone for a month only to find that they're not dead would feel much longer than a month). The final song is after Henry tells about his past, in the song, he explains how he's experienced more than they could ever imagine and how he feels like he's forever trapped in this emotional state. However, near the end he sees that things are looking better, and when he finishes singing he's freed from the emotional state when his family comfort him. Songs Part 2: Deleted songs This might sound crazy, but I was planning to have 5 more songs (not including the actual song of \"Sarcasm\", so 6). The first two songs I decided to not have were both going to be sang by Henry and Arlie after chapter 18. \"Up\" By Demi Lovato, was going to be placed at around the end of chapter 22, and it would have Arlie and Henry, although far away, forgive each other for what they did. \"Enemy\" By Aaron, was to be shown at the beginning of chapter 22, with Arlie and Henry sing about how they're both the enemy of their friendship. A song that was going to be placed in chapter 14 was \"Faded\" by Alan Walker, this would of shown hoe Arlo thought to himself how Henry could still be alive, but there was something between the two that blocked them apart. \"Monster\" By Skillet, was to be sang by Henry in chapter 15 before Jess found him at the hill. In the song, Henry would of sang about how there's a 'beast' inside him that wants to get out, and he's trying his best to hold it in. The final song is \"I Believe\" By Christina Perri, and Arlie would of been the one to sing it in Chapter 21 before she and Henry got hit by the wave. She would of sung her opinions on the fears and hopes everyone had throughout their adventure, and would of given hope to Henry just before the wave came by. Deleted scenes Yes, there are scenes that never made it to the cut due to a change in plot or a plot issue, along with some extra scenes that weren't in the original chapters. There's 5 scenes in total. #1: Angry Arlie So this scene was being worked on as part of a plot for the ending. This plot had it so that instead it was Arlie that got mad at Henry while convincing others that Henry should be left behind for lying to them. This would have made it so that Arlie and the others got to Clawtooth first, and would lead on to the second deleted scene. This was cut when the plot had to be changed to the one you see in the story. However, did that make things any better? \"So first you lied to me the moment we show up just so that I could get you back to your home faster, and then proceed to lie to us ALL just to make it believable? Look, I don't know about you, but I never, EVER, asked for this when we first showed up. I helped you get this far and what do we get from you? A bunch of weird responses and lies. You never intended to keep us as your friends when you got back home, all we are to you are puppets on strings, with you controlling us. When we've done our job you'll just throw us out the way for your family. If that's the Henry that's in front of me now I do not want to be your friend.\" Arlie said, during this, she was starting to get her point across to Henry's other friends, except Jess. \"Arlie, that is not who I am. If we get back to Clawtooth Mountain I can explain everything to you and my family why I've been acting weirdly.\" Henry said nervously. \"Why wait for that? You can tell us now and you're family in private when we get there. But no, you want to save it for the last thing so we get impatient of it. And then when you tell us it's actually something that makes no sense what so ev-\" \"Arlie it does make sense when you get to know what happened. Henry's been through a lot more than you think in is past so please stop this now!\" Jess warned, however that only further provoked Arlie. \"Oh, so not only does Henry trust you enough to tell you he's not the brave dinosaur, but trusts you so much as to say what happened in his past!? You're not wise, you're not brave, you're the exact opposite of those things. If you're lying about that then you might have even lied to Jess, or even everything you said about your family. Or even the reason why you want to get back there in the first place. Who knows how much you've lied to us. And if that's all I see of you, I think you don't deserve to have friends!\" (Note, all of what Arlie said would of been in caps since she's shouting, so try to imagine that) Arlie shouted. Her points as for what Henry could be lying about was enough to overthrow nearly all friendships of Henry's friends. First Arlie started to walk away, then Chris and Mike followed, before Ethan and Fifi. Henry was sat alone with Jess and the tyrannosaurs before sighing \"Why do these thing happen in our lives, just when things are golden it all falls down to the bottom. I've got nothing now...\" \"You got me still...\" Jess said. \"...You may have lost your friends, but that doesn't mean you can't get them back. Nash, Ramsey, Butch, follow them to make sure they do indeed make it, and stay, at Clawtooth mountain. I on the other hand have to follow them too Henry, I can't leave my brothers to themselves. But before I do leave, just remember that not all hope is lost. You still have your family and me to see again.\" Jess added, before leaving Henry to himself. #2: Arlo Helps This one is the result of the previous deleted scene, so Arlie and the others get to Clawtooth, Henry gets trapped, and the others start to worry about where Henry could be. So they go back to the mountain and find Henry, however unlike the story, Arlie asks the others to get Arlo to help with her. This gets complicated as now they can't mention Henry to Arlo or his family. Again this scene was cut when the plot changed. Arriving back at Arlo's home, they soon found the one they needed to help them. \"Guys, remember that we can't tell them about Henry, if we do then they won't believe us.\" Ben pointed out. They got to Arlo more quickly than they first thought. \"You're back already? That's great news, now where's that friend of yours again? Wait, where the other one, Arlie if I recall?\" Arlo asked, this was going to be one awkward moment they probably would laugh back at sometime in the future, but it wasn't time for that. \"Arlo, we found our friend, but the rocks are too heavy for us to lift. We need your help to save him.\" Ethan explained. \"So uh, who is this friend again?\" Arlo asked once more, which gave Butch a great idea. \"It's that critter of yours, the one you had with you.\" He said in a serious, convincing tone. Everyone else apart from Ramsey and Nash, who were grinning slightly, was confused by what Butch said. However, they were surprised when Arlo suddenly agreed to come with them. Getting up Clawtooth was a bad as it could be, especially the way they were walking up. But it didn't take long for Arlo to see that whatever was trapped in the landslide wasn't Spot. \"Wait, why did you say it was Spot. This is too large for it to be Spot, so if it's not him, who is in here.\" Arlo was starting to get agitated and impatient, Arlie came around and moved Arlo in front of the hole. \"If you want to know so bad, just say hello.\" Arlie said, before Henry's head came out from the hole, scaring Arlo so much he almost ran away. But looking back, he thought better than to do that. \"Poppa?\" He asked curiously. \"Arlo... It's really you. Oh you have no idea how glad I am to see you!\" Henry said excitedly. \"How glad you are? I'm speechless...\" Arlo was now crying in joy, running over and trying to embrace Henry. However, he was stopped by Ben, who reminded him that it was not the time to do this. #3: Ben Reunites This was actually a scene for the final plot, but was scrapped due to how it effected the ending. So in this scene, Ben and the others are back with Arlo after the avalanche sends them down the mountain. But before the wave comes over, Ben gets a little surprise from something he never expected to see at a time like this. Ben and the others had just got back to Arlo and his family, going through the crowd of visitors just to get back was challenging enough. \"Where's Arlie and you're friend?\" Libby asked. \"Arlie got trapped, we tried to help but an avalanche pushed us back down here. It's too late to go back up there before the sun is fully blocked out.\" Ben said, he had to shout against all the talking from the crowd just for Arlo to hear him. However, his shouting also got noticed by someone else. \"Ben? Is that you?\" A familiar voice for Ben asked, turning around to try to see who had said it to him, he was surprised to see three dryosaurs leap up on to him. \"Oh it is you sweetie! Oh We've missed you so much.\" It was Ben's family, somehow they too had heard of what was about to happen and came at the right place at the right time to meet Ben. Happily, Ben asked \"Where had you gone? I thought you left me behind.\" \"No, of course we didn't. We only went out to see what was happening some where near, but then we came back and found you gone. We were so worried, and for many years now we thought you were taken by something. But here you are safe and sound!\" His father said, everything for the four members of the family where happy. \"Ben, and your family, now's not the time...\" Fifi warned, pointing to the sun, which was almost fully blocked out. # 4: Meeting Ida A scene like this one was going to be added in to chapter 24 near then end of Henry's story. He says briefly \"I went to the farm, and soon met Ida.\" But a bit more than just that happened. This was cut out because the chapter was already long enough, and decided to show it here instead. SO this is more of an \"extras\" scene than a \"deleted\" scene. It was now official, stop worrying about things or bust. If I was to be like my future self was, I would have to defend for myself, and be much braver. Night time soon fell over, too dark to see much other than the farm. I walked slowly as to make sure no one could hear me come by near. It was going very well, I had moved past the high fence and was so close to being at the farm house. Snap, a twig went, I sighed knowing that they would be able to hear i- \"Hey there!\" A happy, cheery voice sounded from my right. I yelled, almost falling over if she hadn't caught me. \"Wow, you okay?\" She asked, too afraid to say anything I nodded. \"What's wrong, you scared of the dark? Here...\" She ran around the field, a trail of fireflies had lightened up behind her; a truly awe-inspiring moment I would remember. A while after, I decided to run with her too. Laughing away whatever pain I had away, the moment was all too well to last. We ran and ran and ran, so much fun I didn't concentrate on what was in front of me. My fun ended when I bumped into something, falling over I looked up to see another one of my kind though much larger. \"Who are you?\" He said in a serious tone, this was probably her father, and he meant business. I was too terrified to say anything, and was about to run away \"Father, can you be easy on him? He's quite scared of things, he almost ran off when I said hi. So...\" She said calmly, I was surprised to see her back me up against her own father. \"Let me try, hello there young lad. We've never seen you around here before. Who are you?\" A slightly smaller one said, this was probably her mother, and was less strict at things. However, I was still too afraid to say anything, just merely shivering in fear and the cold. \"Look at him, he's terrified by us. Can you at least give us a name young one?\" The mother asked. \"M-m-my na-name's H-Henry.\" I managed to say, still shivering in fear. \"Henry, such a nice name. My name's Ida.\" The first one I met said, and to be honest, Ida was a nice name for her too. \"Where is you're family Henry?\" The mother asked again. I felt a frozen chill down my spine and froze instantly, \"Th-they l-left wi-without me-me.\" I half-lied, for my family did indeed leave without me, just not in the way one would normally interpret that as, and sure enough they bought it. \"Aww you poor lad, how about you stay with us until they come back, they're bound to realize they left without you and-\" \"Absolutely not, we already have four sons and four daughters, we don't need a ninth child.\" Ida's father said in an angry manner, once again frightening me. \"Stop it you're scaring him. Look, it'll only be until they come back. Meanwhile you can give him a few tips on how to be braver.\" Ida's mother argued, and I knew this was where I needed to be. Reluctantly, Ida's father accepted, on the condition that I would behave and not get in the way. Over the next thirty-five years, we grew up. All of Ida's siblings left the farm to take part in their own lives, and it wasn't long after that Ida's mother and father left too. Ida's mother taught me how to be kind and loving to children should I ever have any and allowed me and Ida to be husband and wife. Ida's father taught me how to be much more braver against the fears, fully recovering me from when I was bullied, and he too allowed me and Ida to be husband and wife. When they left, me and Ida swore to stay at the farm and keep it going for as long as possible. #5: Party Turmoil Like number 4, this is more of an extra's scene than a deleted scene. This is for the epilogue when the party is taking place and it goes pretty well for most, but for Henry it's slightly more than he expected. Night fell upon the fabled area, Henry's friends came out of the second, larger house that could fit all of them. Arlo and his family came out of their house, which had also had been made larger to fit them all in, including Spot's family. Butch, Ramsey and Nash ran to the house, almost loosing their breath by the time they got there. The event was to take place near the three silos, the first one was the original that Henry and Ida built. The marks Henry's family placed there were not alone however, as surrounding their marks were the marks of everyone else. The second and third silos had to be made larger, as the corn they produced was too much for just the original. Looking at the statues of everyone one last time before the party, Arlie was the last to join in. \"Sorry I'm late everyone, had to make a deal with some guys.\" She explained, before Thunderclap and his friends flew over them all \"You got them back? What kind of deal did you make for them to come here for the night?\" Arlo asked, to which Arlie giggled \"Isn't it obvious? I told them everything about what Henry had been through on his journey back, and because it's been exactly one year, they asked if they could participate in the celebration.\" She responded, Thunderclap and his friends flew just above the grass, moving fast enough to provoke the light bugs. Once again Ethan and Fifi moved over to the field and jumped, creating a cloud of light bugs that filled the area with light. This time however, Thunderclap and his friends moved around the cloud in a pattern that shaped it into something familiar: Henry himself. Everyone down below awed at the sight, before Buck came over to Henry \"Poppa, I'd like to give you something for this day.\" He said, before giving him the mini sculpture of Henry and Arlo. \"It's beautiful, thank you very much son.\" Henry embraced Buck for a few seconds, before looking back at the party. This time the cloud of light bugs changed again, over time it morphed into everyone that was at this event. \"Okay everyone, we all know why we're here, so let's give a big shout to Henry, the very important dinosaur here!\" Arlie said, followed by a loud cheer from everyone. \"Hello all, I'd like to say a few quick words on just how thrilled I am to see you all here, even Thunderclap and his friends made it along tonight which is even better. Now, about a year ago I wouldn't imagine being here in front of so many of you. Then one day I was swept and found a great friend, with her and everyone else, I not only found my home, but also the courage to have a say about my past. Had it not been for Arlo and Arlie I might of never gotten any peace, which is why tomorrow they will be going out on their expedition. I think I've rambled on for a bit now so I'll leave you with Arlie.\" Henry said, cheers followed as he walked from the front to where everyone else was. The main event had started, where everyone would have a fun time whether it be just chatting or even singing/dancing. However it was slightly over whelming for Henry, who couldn't see how much difference a year had made; from terror and grief to joy and laughter. Time felt like it was going to move ahead of him, as there was still something he felt that was keeping him back. He walked out from the party in hopes that no one would follow in suspicion, which almost worked. Bloopers These are just some things I made up in about 5 minutes, and depending on how long a chapter is it may have one or two. #1: \"Poppa!\" Arlo half shouted as his father was desperate to climb up, there was a ledge to the left that Henry found and started to climb on it. The wave was almost there when Henry started climbing, however both Arlo and Henry were surprised to see that the rocks didn't give way, allowing Henry to make it to safety just in the nick of time. One of the directors came from off stage \"Henry, you were meant to go on the ledge to the right, not to the one on the left.\" They said in a disappointing, but not too serious voice. \"Oh, my bad haha. Shall we try that again?\" Henry asked. \"Again!? That costed us over $100,000 for that one wave, let alone the trees, mud and other debris!\" The director almost shouted, but instead of taking it seriously Henry and Arlo started laughing, with the director rolling his eyes. \"Fine, one last take, and do it right this time.\" They soon walked off, the two that were onstage still laughing. #2: \"The name's Henry.\" Henry responded, a half serious tone could be felt from it. \"Well you finally learnt how to get up a cliff in what? 4 minutes? Normally it would take... take... I'm sorry I forgot my line there what was it?\" Arlie asked, \"Normally it would take 30 seconds.\" Henry corrected, having learnt both his and Arlie's lines just in case. \"Take two guys!\" \"... And by the way you're looking at me, well, I think you're gonna ask how I can analyse things so well.\" Arlie managed to say correctly on the second take, however... \"Oh um, I just forgot my line there. Uh...\" Henry forgot his lines too, Arlie rolled her eyes before looking at the camera \"Trust me when I say that it's took a while just to do this one scene.\" #3: \"So, you ever been up these mountains?\" Henry asked, trying to start a conversation. Arlie looked at him happily \"Quite often actually, mainly to get a good view of the scenery. Well, that and to have fun with my friend.\" She answered, but that only confused Henry more so. \"Friend?\"Suddenly, a large object fell from the tree above them, however the dryosaur only just missed Henry. \"Ben, you're meant to be further along the tree.\" Henry said, Ben arguing back with \"No, you're meant to be slightly behind Arlie.\" \"Can you guys solve this before take 58?\" One of the directors asked, before adding \"Thank you.\" #4: \"Henry, since when did you know those were snow clouds?\" Arlie questioned. Henry smiled, before replying \"I don't, see the director here thought it would look pretty nice if I knew something about the weather so they decided to have this section of the line here because...?\" Off stage, the director in front of them replied \"We've been through this many times, you're a farmer. Knowledge about weather is essential for farming!\" \"Okay, you have a point-\" Henry was suddenly interrupted when the snow suddenly changed to rain. \"My bad!\" Someone called from above \"Well, you could say this is raining on our parade!\" Ben came along to say, everyone rolled their eyes before he added \"Too soon?\" #5: \"Henry, don't move, your weight coul-\" Arlie was interrupted when the ice beneath them all broke, sending them all into the ice-cold water \"You actually put water underneath this didn't you?\" Arlie asked. \"Yes, we want to make it as realistic as possible.\" This time it was the co-director, \"Oh, so explain why we look cartoon-y then?\" Arlie argued back. \"We can save this for later, might want to get out of the cold water before you freeze too much.\" As they said that, Ben had started to shiver, as he was the smallest of the three. \"Ben why are you so nervous, just chill out! \" Henry smiled, Arlie started laughing under her breath while Ben got out of the lake. #6 \"Okay so when the fireflies light up I cower into the bushes, right?\" Arlie asked, not realizing they were already filming. \"Oh, my bad. Can we do that again please?\" \"How can they look at these things like that, they're... actually not that bad.\" Henry mentally face palmed. \"Oh, was that not what I was suppose to say?\" She added, Henry rolled his eyes before replying \"You were meant to say they were disgusting. It's actually quite the issue I know more of the lines than you do Arlie, you have been reciting the lines, right?\" \"Of course I have. I bet you there will be a time you forget your lines.\" She smiled while keeping a serious look. #8 (Remember these numbers relate to the chapter number, not the number of bloopers) \"...I really don't get why there are so many weird names for dinosaurs, I mean, no one can say \"Xiongguanlong\" without stumbling up, I probably said it wrong just then! Like, if you're going to name a dinosaur, name it something that can be pronounced easily!\" Henry ranted, however the audience in front of the stage was not only accompanied by the director or the co-director, but the whole team. \"Oh sugar hot ice tea, sorry for that guys. I didn't notice there were so many of you.\" Henry added. \"Henry, you seem a bit stage-fright. Maybe tomorrow we can try again?\" Arlie suggested. #10 \"Henry!\" Everyone exclaimed in panic. However they were surprised to see that the hole was only 8 feet deep, not 40. \"Oh wow, lemme guess, budget cuts?\" Henry asked. \"No, the hole was meant to be deep enough for you to fall far so that none of you is visible, but not too deep for you to hurt yourself, the rest will be done on a green screen.\" The director explained, to which Jess realized \"Wait, isn't this suppose to be an animated movie? \" \"This is animated, it's just like the ending of a lot of the classic Pixar films.\" #11 \"What is this for?\" Arlo asked. \"Well, lets say that flood does come by, and maybe there are visitors that are in the river or are on the dam if it collapses. With this, all you have to do is have one end here... and the other here. Then, if you see anyone coming, you just lower this, and they'll be stopped, so that they don't get swept away.\" Libby accidentally pulled the trigger, unfortunately it hadn't been adjusted right and snapped. This happened so fast that all Arlo and Libby could do was laugh. #13 \"I wouldn't do that if I were you Henry.\" Jess warned, as she walked toward him she accidentally bumped into the camera which fell to the floor. \"Oh I'm so sorry about that guys, is it all right? We good? Okay few, for a moment there I thought I broke it- you realize how expensive those are right?\" #14 Thunderclap was showing is annoyance \"Agh, you won't quit will you? We tried asking you to give us the critter, you run with it away. You go against our moral code and swept us down the river, and I'm still recovering from your friends bite. And now you won't even... w-why are you laughing?\" Thunderclap asked, confused over how Arlo exploded into laughter \"I'm sorry it's just that, he looks funny when he rambles on. Can we try that again?\" \"Agh, you won't quit will you?\" Was all Thunderclap could say before both Libby and Arlo laughed again. \"Okay seriously, this is starting to get annoying now!\" Thunderclap raised his voice annoyingly. #18 \"...But I just want to say one last thing to you Arlie.\" Henry said, this time, he stretched his neck so that his head was close to Arlie, just so that no on else could her him. However he sighed just before he could say his last sentence \"I can't say it, I'm sorry but I really can't\" He apologized. \"Henry, just think of me as if I'm... I'm... what do you hate?\" \"Not much actually, it takes a lot for me to hate something. I am annoyed at all these dinosaur names still.\" He responded. \"Okay, well just imagine I'm the one who invented all the names. That's a motivation right?\" #21 Arlie was about to say something, but ducked under instead, and this time, Henry ducked too, knowing what she was ducking from. Just before the wave hit though, the camera fell down the hill and got swept up by the wave. A while later Henry found it and swam back up \"You guys missing something?\" Arlie started laughing while Thunderclap was even more annoyed. #25 \"... Um, forgot my line!\" Henry called out, Arlie quickly looked at him \"I knew you'd forget a line, but the very last line of the movie? Ha! That's even better!\" Henry looked frustrated that he lost the bet. \"Yeah yeah have your fun, I'll get you back in the sequel... Wait, there is a sequel right? Guys?\" Arlie and Henry realized no one was rolling the camera or looking to see how it was going. \"Man they got tired of our shenanigans fast.\" Arlie said. Preview Right, that's over, all of the Bonus Features are done. This is the end of this story, but there's another one to come. This second story won't be a sequel to this one that has just ended. In fact it'll be completely different, out of this world different (you'll get the pun when the story starts). However, there are some things about the story I need to address. First off, the categories for this will be \"sci-fi\" and \"adventure\", so that might make you wonder just what's happening. Second, there's not going to be as much attention toward Henry in this one, well, I don't think he even shows up in this. This story will be focused on Arlo and a new character named \"Peter\", and he's not a dinosaur. So, what's going to happen in this new story? I can't tell much about it, it would spoil the next part, but I can say that I hope it's as good (if not better) than this one was. Right, I've gone on with the Bonus Features long enough, time to show a preview of \"TGD: Peter's Machine Between Worlds\": Spring 2025, central San Jose. About 8 in the morning and already the streets were flowing with cars, the sides of buildings glimmered in the reflection of the bright morning sun, and plane trails dominated the eastern sky. Just outside downtown San Jose, the traffic was starting to pile up. Cars were beeping here and there, giving one man a mild headache. This man was not going to some ordinary work place like everyone else. No, this man was going to NEASA; the National Earth And Science Agency. This facility was a division of NASA, focusing mainly on the Earth science. It wasn't as daunting as going into space, but the research that was taking place there was out of the ordinary. This man was Peter; a six foot high man with brown eyes and a really dark shade of brown for hair. He was nice to others a lot of the time, and would only use violence as a last resort. At the age of 34, Peter had been in NEASA for about three years, and nothing abnormal had happened in that time. Only a few weeks ago he had made one of the biggest discoveries of all time, but by now the only thing he could think of was... well we'll go into more detail later. Once he arrived at the entrance he was instantly greeted by his friends, and suddenly greeted by the news press. All of them were asking questions, following him up until he got inside the main building. \"Lemme guess, the news press want's to know about that discovery you made a while back, and about those four-\" Peter's friend Sarah was interrupted when he pointed to the camera's. \"We can't discuss that here, maybe later at the San Pedro Square. For now let's get to business, any geological data form my trip?\" Peter asked swiftly. \"Not much actually, the only abnormal thing I could find is the data from the mountains, their density is far less than normal, meaning there could be a change in rock in the center of the mountains. By the way, have you talked to them recently?\" Sarah asked professionally. Peter heavily sighed before replying \"Not since I left them at their home, I still miss them. But I've found a way to get back there, all I need it for him to activate it.\" Not wanting to ask more about the subject, his friend changed subject \"So what happened to the ALMA?\" well, a subject that was closely related to the previous one. \"I left her with them, she'll give them hints until they realize what she's going on about. I can't stay too long today as I've got one last appointment.\" And there we have it for the preview. I hope it's as interesting as I intend it to be, and I can't wait to start on this. There's still some loose ends with the middle of the plot but it can be worked out. Hopefully it's not too long before the first chapter is uploaded, but if it does take long then it's probably because of school or other life stuff. A/N: Well, we've sure come a long way in just about 2 months. I hope the next story will be just as great, if not better, as this one was. Unfortunately the characters in this story might never have another chapter again, if they do, it'll probably be only a reference/cameo of some sort. I hope you viewers have enjoyed the story, and let me know if anything could of been improved. Disclaimer : Arlie, Ben, Chris, Jess, Mike, Sandra, Rick, Jake, Ethan Fifi, Luke, Mallory, Odina, Tabari and Zarla (Holy crap I've made quite enough OCs for this story) are the characters owned by me. The other characters are owned by Disney(Pixar) and its film ' The Good Dinosaur'.[Chapter 28] Troublesome the darkness was during the nig h t, a common fear is of the dark. While that's the co n sensus for most, the true n a ture is not the fear of the dark, but the things that potentially lurk within. Trees beca me s i louhette s of giants with long, peir c ing arms behind the swift l ight of the clouds. Wind howled p a st the hills, mountains and plains, hovering over all ears, like a preadator one can never see but always hear. Rain fell down with the sound of pure static noise, a roar of nature that the ground was forced to embrace, unless there were some winter trees that could shield said floor. One mountain in particular, the might y Clawtooth Mountains, h ad such shape so that the howl i ng wind wa s almost completely sile n ced. Their sheer size a lso protected the land in front fro m th e downpour of ra i n and s now, after already being so nearly c overed a g l istening white. Every now a nd then, the flash of lightning would light the area, a fraction of a second, like it was da y . Wit h the trees sway i ng in the remaining wind, now turning in the opo s ite directio n , the downpour of r a in had layed on the ho me stead grounds. W i nter flower s surrounding the land of the five fields of c orn, berries, and other foods had l ong been stripped down by the ferocious storm, which seemed to l a st for at least the remainder of the night. While the plants that did not give in swa y ed everyw h ere, the homestead bu i lding s moved only the ti n iest of am ounts, alb ei t the creaking wa s loud enough. Fortunately, everyone had gone to sleep long before the torment arrived, so it was no doubt they'd be surprised when morning would soon arrive. At least, almost everyone. Feeling a strong feeling of un c ertainty and danger, Henry of a l l a patosaurs rose from the usual position he'd la y in. Subconsiously making sure not to lift his head up too high as to avoid k n ocking into the ceiling a bove, he steathly turned to observe the outside. Blackness. That's all he saw when looking out there, though the lightning would reveal the not-to-far fields and the hills past the m . Th e re was noth i ng to be afraid of out there, at lea s t, that's what he thought to himself at the time. Whilst going back to rest however, a flash of lightning seemingly revealed more than just the fields and hills. Frozen in pla c e Henry was, though it was the corner of the eye, he knew that something was different that time. Peering out, the b la ckness felt more ominous than before. A new flash, and there it was; a silouhette of someone. \"Possibly just one of the t y rannosaurs, or maybe Arlie.\" H enry thought to h i m s elf as he kept looki n g, continuingly st a ring out into the darkness. A crack and a flash, and the silouhette was closer now and the shape, m or e def i ned, wa s definitely not Arlie nor the tyrannosaurs who were least seen in the other two homestead buildings. Instead, it looked more like an apatosaur than any other spe c ies. With a l l of his f a mil y be hi nd him in their s lumber, this was o n e th a t was not of this place- an intruder. Now alert, he walked closer to the entrance of the ho me stead, i ronicly hoping for a fla s h of lightning to reveal at least something. Something in him was s c reaming to stop wa l king, a nd he did, more fearful of what an y kind of lig h t would show. The next flash that came round, whoever had come i nto the home s tead was less tha n a feet fro m H e nry. Hold i ng back hi s urge to yelp in surprise, he remained quiet as he c ou l d he a r be y ond the noise of the rain, footsteps of one walking away. By the time the next flas h of l i ghtning came, there wa s n o outline of a nyone. However, that would not stop hi m from finding out who it was. \"Who e ver's out there, leave now, or else!\" Henry shouted, mostly away from the homestead. Noth i ng replied apart from the continuation of the rain and wind. Until that i s , a lone whisper in the darkness c a l led out, not loud, not quiet, not ne a r, not far, there was no wa y to tell anyt hi ng of the voice that came through other than it wa s there n o m a tter the interpretation. \"You know who I a m ... H e nry.\" There was one th i ng about the voice that only Henry could interpret: it wa s familiar, he didn't know where from but it was for some reason familar, in an un c anny way. \"You're not he l ping, I s a id get lost, this is our place!\" \" Y our place...? Per h aps now, but not always. You should know that.\" Whoever i t wa s , whether it was some dista n t, old friend, or some close, new foe. It knew a t least so me th i ng per s onal of Henry. De c iding to p lay w h at ever game th is o n e w a s up to, he replied. \"That is true, this used to be m y wif e 's mothers place here. But i t' s ours now, and we'd do anything to keep it that way from intruders like you!\" This time however, the voi c e was more defined, mascu l ine, a nd coarse. \"Intruders? I was merel y passing by, sorry for the inconvenience, t his place just gives me memories of my family. I miss them, but hopefully I'll see them agai n . A s for now, it's quite interesting what you've m ad e of i t, I'm gue s sing that the statue was built by your slaves in order for them to prase such a powerful being... I'm kidding by the way, just some light hearted banter. However, mustn't spend too mu c h time here, the rain's gonna freeze soon and if I were you, being inside wou l d be the wisest of decisions, if you c a n make those.\" \"WAIT!\" Henr y s h outed, real is i n g a nd re me mber i ng to tone down hi s voice, \"But who are you? You know me...\" \"Fine, fine, I daren't have mu c h time l eft, a nd I can't explain m y self in said time, h owever a r i ddle might help. Li s te n now, for c a reful ears are needed to understand clearly. You ready? Good!\" \"Beyond the hills of the east, past the forests, the plains, the falls and the cliffs, lies a valley of circular shape, of which contains the wall of...?\" There was nothing left to be heard but the sa me no is e of wind and rain, whi c h had started to transform into proper snow and hai l a s the freezing point finall y came t h rough the a i r. In s ti n ct did not trust who ever w a s hiding in the shadows, but if he insisted on just me rely pass i ng by, there wa s nothing to worry about... Right? Ex c ept that ridd l e, the only thing th a t stood out from the night, no one could answer it on the following da y , not Arlie, not Ben. No one. Out in the east, only a few w hi te hill s away, a lo n esome a patosaur was hid in the shade of a hill during the m orning sun, too dark to s e e h is exa c t shape, co l our a nd other features. \"What was all that about last night Mr Apaton?\" A feminine voice from the apatosaur's right spoke, turning onl y his head and upper n eck, he observed the stegos a ur that stood beside hi m , with a bright gr e en sk i n; s pots and faint stripes on the top of her back, and yellowish plates that sailed higer than her rounded head. \"Ah, Mary Ali c e, g la d to see y ou. It was not hi ng really, ju s t some... interrupta n ce.\" \"But th a t apatosaur, you knew hi m .\" Anoth e r vo i ce, ma sc u l ine, soft, more smooth th a n the apatosaur's, mumbled from the left, blending into the soft dirt, the ank y losaur looked up to t h e apatosaur. \"Jack, you too? All we need now is -\" A third figure, blue, a n d with a set of three horns, the triceratops lu m b e red toward them all. \"Looks l i ke their gathering again, po s sibly dis c ussing about another trip for more berries?\" \"Nah, I don't think it's that, Wi l l. Most likely it's th a t stupid riddle I gave them. I'm glad we're all here, but now's time for some real fun.\" The apatosaur so coarsel y worded out, still in t h e unusually dark shade of the h i ll. \"You know Mr S pi n os right? Well, I pl a n on me et i ng hi s son regarding over... c ertain things- that' l l surely m a ke our trip more enjo y able.\" All t h ree of the apatosaur's compan i on s looked at him i n a sudden outburst of shock. \" M -Mr Spinos? But h e 'd k i ll any apato s aur on sight! You'd be a gonner!\" Mary said loudly. \"First of all, keep your damn mouth shut, or at least be quiet. This pla c e is known to echo rea l ly f a r, and it would be wise not to get their attention over there. Secondl y , Mr Spinos h as passed away due to some... unfortunate events regard i ng s ome apatosaur a n d a river a couple years ago. And thirdly, M ast e r Sp i no s -Jr will be c ertain l y ple a sed b y what I h ave to say. He'll be very pleased.\" As they all looked to the homestead that looked so small th is far away, it was clear that those dow n there were out on a nother trip past the m ountains to coll e ct more berr i e s . \"Oh Henry, I'll be c oming for you. Sooner or l ater, I'm coming for y ou\" A/N: While it's nothing like a christ m as or a new y ear themed chapter, it's certai n ly winter themed, or a t least takes place in the winter. Sorry that it's not m uch, I forgot that from christmas onwards it's r e ally hect i c, hopefully tho, I s hould be making a c omeback- wait I'm going back to schoo l , cr a p (not a swear word in m y book). Okay, I'll probably be posting two chapters for the SOA M stor y on the weeke n d, I've been using Google E a rth to track the fa m ily as of now and it looks lik e they're mak i ng progre s s. C an't say too much regarding this chapter and neither the SOAM story, but hopefu l ly it'll be a s , if not more enjo y able. ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Prologue Arlo and Henry were walking alongside the river that was in between the towerin"}]