[{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"What No One Can Turn Back","Author":"Mademoiselle Anime Amour","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8975968","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: OK, this is a looooong one, so I won't make this author's note too long. OK, so, I essentially wrote this in response to my frustation with the movie In Time and my straight-up EXASPERATION I had in the knowledge that Cillian Murphy's character wasn't developed enough. And Will Salas' father not being explained in detail. So, without further ado, here are the results of that. Disclaimer: I own nothing. As the battles raged higher And though they did hurt me so bad In the fear and alarm You did not desert me My brothers in arms -\"Brothers in Arms\", Dire Straits What No One Can Turn Back It was just another day, around high noon. Only, no one really measured time in days. No one kept track if it was October, November, December, etc. No one bothered to name the days of a single week any more. Monday, Tuesday, and all other day names had bitten the dust. All it mattered was precious hours, minutes, and seconds. Many people couldn't survive a single day these days, especially in the ghettos of Dayton. If they did manage to live to the next morning, they just lucked out. Raymond Leon knew this better than anyone. He was just on patrol today through this city, the furthest from pristine anything could possibly get. It had been so long since he last set eyes on the place…He thought he'd never see it again. Nor did he ask to see it again. Not after the hell he'd been through in this place. Not after the ordeal he'd faced just two years ago… The few people who did recognize him as he walked the streets shot him looks filled with disdain. Accustomed to this type of hatred from those who simply refused to understand what he did for a living, Raymond ignored these people. What did they know about what the Timekeepers truly stood for anyway? They chose to remain ignorant, stuck in their ways in the poorest excuse of a city without hoping to better their circumstances. Considering how he escaped from this merciless place, he would have thought others would have followed his example. Instead, whenever some revolutionary popped up to challenge the natural order of things, these foolish paupers would praise that individual, whom they would embrace as their leader. Leader of what? A ragtag army of desperately starving hooligans who would break the law if given the opportunity? Raymond scoffed, though he remembered one such individual who ended up rebelling against the rules that ran their world. An individual who meant more to him than even he sometimes realized or cared to recall… Raymond Leon's childhood was far from perfect, as much as he would hate to admit it to anyone, thus his current reserved nature. However, it stemmed from an understandable cause that would perhaps have made him more sympathetic to the eyes of passersby. His parents had been ruthless to him, setting high expectations for him to succeed. For, the Leons weren't the average poor family. Indeed, at one point, his parents had been immensely wealthy with an elaborate residence in New Greenwich. Ill-fatedly, due to his brash arrogance, Thomas Leon had made a bad investment in a steel company that soon went under due to a workers' strike. The ensuing repercussions of that factory shutting down rendered him and his wife Lorelei bankrupt, and they had no choice but to put the mansion up for sale in favor of a seedy apartment in Dayton. Granted, it served as one of the more well-to-do parts of the area, but that wasn't saying much. And true to his acrid nature, Thomas ultimately cursed the former steel factory's employees for his poverty and fate as a lowly bartender rather than his own selfish pride. Lorelei, naturally, shared the same attitude. All of this occurred before Raymond was born, and so, the parents passed on their embittered attitudes down to the son. Their expectations for him tended to be more on the ludicrous side, even since his earliest childhood days. Intelligence had to be key—after all, how else could he be a prodigious student?—to his success. He had to compensate for his parents' failings and shortcomings by being the head of his class. As for Raymond's behavior at home, anything remotely defiant would reap some harsh consequences. Neither Thomas nor Lorelei was physically domineering or abusive by nature, but they used their sharp tongues to cow their son if he so much as did something they considered foolish. One circumstance happened when he was six years old after he had accidentally knocked a glass of milk over on the counter. His father proceeded to berate him by calling him \"an idiotic, clumsy child\" while his ever doting mother chimed in with, \"I just wiped that counter down an hour ago, you brat.\" Consequently, by the age of nine, Raymond suffered from low self-esteem issues and a desire to be reserved in class. Interacting with his fellow classmates was something he refused to partake in. He wouldn't go so far as to bully the other students or devastate them with his veiled insults that he would come to be known for later in life. Rather, he would settle his head in crossed arms, hoping no one would see what he was doing or acknowledge his presence. Much to his relief, no one usually did except for the teacher who would tell him to lift his head up. Why bother? He never got any proper sleep at home due to the shouting matches between his mother and father. What was the use in sleeping at home when he could sneak in a few minutes' respite at school? Sleeping issues aside, he was one of the brightest students in the third grade, though that gave him no relief either. He would be scolded by his parents if he received a respectable A- on a spelling test. Sometimes, when not attempting for a nap, Raymond would let his mind wander to other curious thoughts. Would he ever escape this miserable place? Would the faculty mind if he took up residence in the elementary school instead of the run-down apartment he had to call home? And the most morose question of all: what was it like to have friends? Yes, it was true. Raymond Leon had never really known what a friend was. The concept remained foreign to him, though he would be out of elementary school in a couple of years. His shyness and his tendency to stay quiet at all times didn't exactly make him the most popular kid around. If anything, it caused him to be ridiculed by a select few classmates who did nothing but push him around and make him feel worthless. Degrading enough that he had to deal with it at home, but at school, it caused him to wither away inside each time he was tormented. He knew his parents would not be champions for him in this case, so he never revealed his social troubles. Not only did his family remain ignorant of his misery but the teachers were as well. But, that was because he was adamant in not telling them anything. They weren't related to him, so they couldn't become invested in him on a personal level. They only served as tutors to mold him into a brighter, more intelligent student. That was their purpose, no more and no less. Not to him anyway. One day, the playground bullies ran in a mass after him, to prey on him after he called them \"filthy idiots who deserved to be held back.\" They couldn't exactly take his lunch money, since time was money in his world, after all. However, they planned to pummel him to within an inch of his life. As he fled from the foolish fourth graders, Raymond slid under a nearby slide, hoping they wouldn't spot him. \"Hey, how'd you know this was my spot?\" a voice asked, more inquisitive than irked at the sudden intrusion. Glancing at the boy sitting next to him, Raymond noted that this was Paul Salas, a fellow classmate of his. Oh, the soon-to-be legendary Paul Salas, to be sure, what with how cocky he could be in and outside of class. Though he was a bright boy, it was no excuse for him to carry himself with such self-congratulatory airs and trying to prove that he was better than everybody else. He surrounded himself with many friends and was indeed extremely popular. Raymond sniffed, surprised that the crowning glory of the third grade would condescend to speak to such an insignificant insect like him. \"Oh, you,\" he muttered acidly while hesitantly peeking out from under the slide. Apart from hearing joyous squeals of those going down the slide, he didn't hear the gruff, snide voices of his usual predators. He let out a little sigh of relief. Paul tapped him on the shoulder and stifled a chuckle when he jumped, proceeding to shoot a venomous look. \"Don't.\" \"You still haven't answered my question.\" \"I don't care, I didn't know this was your stupid spot,\" Raymond shot back, summoning what he hoped would be his powers of intimidation to glare still more lethally at arrogant Paul Salas. Letting his hand go limp and rest at his side, Paul glanced out from under the slide himself, wondering what Raymond was being so cautious about. \"What were you doing anyway?\" \"Those fourth graders were after me and planned on beating me up,\" he replied as casually as though he was giving a report on the weather, though his already cold blue eyes turned even icier. \"Well, you know, if you hang out with me, that's not gonna happen.\" \"What? What are you talking about?\" Paul elaborated, \"I know you, Ray. You're in my class, and it looks like you don't have any friends.\" \"Your observational skills shock me.\" \"Doesn't matter, OK? I'm just saying I want to be your friend. You need someone to hang out with, to get those bullies off your back and stuff.\" At that moment, Raymond faced an impasse. He had one of two options to pick from: either befriend Salas and doom himself to a lifetime of being annoyed or being forever alone and harassed by those with lower IQs than him. Decisions, decisions… \"OK, fine, we're friends,\" he quickly resolved, hoping he wouldn't live to regret this later. To his surprise, Paul genuinely smiled at this. \"Cool. You could come hang at my place after school if you want. Do all sorts of stuff.\" \"Don't push it,\" Raymond wryly responded, though with an interesting cross between a smirk and a smile. No one at school had been this forthrightly kind to him before. He did wonder if Paul was aware of the consequences that would come from being friends with the least popular kid in school. And if so, did he decide to proposition him with friendship out of pity? Or was there more to it than that? All he knew was that he'd finally managed to obtain a friend. Granted, a friend that was his polar opposite, what with his carelessly disheveled blond hair and radiating confidence, but a friend nonetheless. Hopefully, Paul Salas would prove to be valuable somehow, a good excuse for him not to come home to the chaos that usually awaited him after school. Little did he know that accepting Paul's friendship would serve him well not just in that aspect but much more in the long run. Over the years, Raymond and Paul stayed friends, to the puzzlement of many of their peers, a complicated head-scratcher that couldn't be solved. However, the two boys had become quite close, to the extent that their friendship was more brotherly in nature. One was rarely seen without the other in the hallways. And Raymond made a point to spend time at the Salas' as often as possible, even though their apartment managed to be more rundown than his family's. The only difference between the two was the atmosphere, the feelings he would get from each place. Mr. and Mrs. Salas were warm and welcoming toward him the first time he was introduced to them through Paul, and he regarded them as the parents he never had…at least, the ones he would have preferred having. Mrs. Salas would always ask if he wanted anything to eat or invite him to stay over for dinner while Mr. Salas would ask him how his day was. They treated him like family, something Raymond could both respect and admire. Whereas his parents were as cold and verbally abusive as ever, these people acted like they cared about him. He could honestly say he never got much of that from anyone, this kindness, this attentiveness to how he felt and what he needed. Most of all, he legitimately found a brother in Paul, who burst with energy and confidence, always coming up with ideas as to what to do. When they were younger, they would play around in the back alleys, pretending to be cops and robbers, switching roles whenever the fancy struck them. They would go to the local fast food joint and get themselves a couple of burgers and milkshakes every so often, as a special treat. Most of all, despite them being the same age, Paul protected Raymond like an older brother would. He always cowed Raymond's bullies and defended him to everybody he knew. Of course, Paul maintained his popularity, as most of his friends thought he was performing a charitable act on this outcast. This so-called friendship between them surely couldn't last. The naysayers were proven wrong. By the time they started attending high school, Paul and Raymond were still friends, yin and yang, light and dark. Two total opposites that differed so much that it seemed impossible they could empathize with each other as well as they did. Stunned and mesmerized by such an occurrence as these two being best friends, most people stopped teasing Raymond at school. The taunts as to his brains and appearance no longer mattered. On the contrary, he would catch the occasional glances from several girls lusting after him, as he'd become quite a handsome teen. However, having a girlfriend was the last thing on his mind. He'd seen how a relationship could go wrong, no thanks to his parents. He shuddered to think as to how he'd end up treating a girl, given the example he'd been forced to grow up with his whole life. Besides, it had been enough of a miracle to let his best friend Paul Salas into his life as it was. Still unsure about trusting anyone else, Raymond kept his distance from others as he'd always done, satisfied with having his only friend. One day, he came close to dangerously losing him forever. It started out simply enough, this driving force behind this heart-pounding incident. Paul thought it would be an impeccable idea for the two of them to hang out with a group of Paul's friends, just to get Raymond more comfortable around them. Though ill at ease with this plan, Raymond acquiesced to it to partially please his friend and partially because he knew that now this was high school, certain individuals had changed. Either for the worse or the better, he couldn't quite gauge, but he would just have to chance it. The six teenagers stopped at the diner after school to eat a few burgers, sip a few milkshakes, and enjoy each other's company in general. Raymond sat across from Paul, who idly chatted with him while having an arm lazily draped around Rachel, his latest girlfriend. From the way the brown-eyed blond (though not so blond now, his hair shades darker than it used to be) looked at her, she was most likely going to be around for a while. Already, he'd behaved differently around her, in a way unlike with his other female conquests. Raymond almost had to smirk at the thought. It would appear that finally, in their junior year, Paul had found the perfect girl to be committed to. He hoped for his good friend that their relationship would last for months to come. Maybe it would be years. In the meantime, Lindsey, one of Rachel's friends, was trying to flirt with him. She batted her eyelashes, elongated with mascara, at him, but Raymond paid her little attention. Homework served to him as more important than having a girlfriend around. Teenage critics often accused him of being gay for this reason alone, but they could not have been further from the truth. He just hadn't found a girl to be completely and utterly attracted to yet…if he would at all. Jake and Ben were the other two, and they went out of their way to make Raymond more comfortable in a group setting. How bizarre that they actually didn't block him out and exclude him like mostly everybody else at school did. Paul certainly set him up with good people to be around…Lindsey was questionable, but it wasn't as though she was that offensive or repulsive a creature. At that moment, the presence of a small hand on his knee distracted him, for he stiffened and froze. His nostrils flared, but otherwise, outwardly, Raymond remained the very picture of tranquility. He exhaled slowly, not wanting to look upon the owner of that hand. Much to his reluctance, he did anyway. Lindsey leaned so close to him that if he glanced further down, he would be staring at her cleavage. \"So, Ray, how do you like hanging out with us so far?\" \"It's been enjoyable so far, thank you,\" he replied stiffly, irked that she now started rubbing his knee. Since when was he an object to these impertinent young women? He very much disliked this, shuddering inwardly at her not-so-innocent touch. For propriety's sake, however, he would disregard how awkward and borderline sickened this flirtation was making him, opting instead to drink more of his vanilla milkshake. He had to make an effort to actually like Paul's other friends, after all. \"Got a girlfriend?\" Now, Lindsey reached her other hand up to his hair, which she combed her fingers through. Raymond nearly choked on his milkshake. Intuitively, it seemed, Rachel picked up on his discomfort, for she told off her friend. \"Lindsey, I don't think he's interested.\" \"Yeah,\" Paul chimed in. \"Ray isn't easy, you know. You can't get away with having sex with him on this table, you naughty little tease.\" \"Paul!\" Rachel and Raymond protested, Rachel more sternly and Raymond groaning in embarrassment. Ever the slightly irreverent one, Paul held back his head and laughed. \"I'm joking, I'm joking. Relax, guys. But, seriously, Linz, you're making my best friend uncomfortable. I'm starting to think you should be relocated somewhere else.\" \"Yes, please,\" Raymond muttered bitterly under his breath while Lindsey looked taken aback. \"But…But, I was just having some fun with him, isn't that right, Ray?\" Gritting his teeth, he prepared to admonish her for calling him a familiar term she shouldn't have been using when Ben called to her, \"Hey, Linz, sit closer to Jake and me.\" The prospect of having double the boys to flirt with caused the promiscuous brunette to perk up considerably. \"OK.\" Thus, she immediately got up and moved to the table next to the one occupied by Raymond, Rachel, and Paul. Raymond breathed a sigh of relief. Looking suspiciously at her friend, Rachel clicked her tongue somewhat disapprovingly. \"I can't believe the lengths that girl will go to sometimes. I'm sorry about that, Raymond.\" \"Yeah, so am I. I mean, I was going to call her on that eventually. Was she touching your leg by any chance?\" Paul asked curiously. \"At least. I'm only thankful that she didn't touch…other…more intimate places.\" Raymond cleared his throat, using this as an excuse to drink more of his milkshake. Paul nodded in understanding. \"Yeah, sorry about that, man. I shouldn't have invited her if she was going to try to get in your pants. I thought she was harmless and being Rachel's friend and all…\" \"Cousin, actually.\" Rachel glanced down at her chicken strip basket, losing her appetite relatively quickly at the uttered reminder. \"That's not the same thing in this case…I should have brought Melissa—at least she knows how to conduct herself in public.\" \"Like a lady, in other words.\" Paul smirked when he got a startled chuckle out of Raymond, who disguised it as coughing in case Lindsey was eavesdropping. \"And not like a prostitute.\" \" Paul ,\" Rachel warned despite the spasm of her jaw while Raymond, not being able to rein it in, laughed outright. Perhaps he should have been mildly offended at Paul's making light of his previous chagrin, but Raymond didn't mind at all. Rather, he enjoyed this quality about Paul, who could find the humor in almost any situation. It could set him at ease and make him forget what situations he himself faced and what they all faced in living in a shoddy city. Paul Salas was as care-free as anybody in Dayton, if not the most care-free person there. \"So, who else failed that English test?\" Paul appropriately changed the subject as Raymond swiped a leftover tear of mirth from his eye. \"Come on. I can't be the only one.\" \"You usually are,\" Raymond snidely remarked with a teasing half-grin. Rachel added, \"I'd have to agree with Raymond, Paul.\" \"Oh, you two, ganging up on me. I figured you'd get along with each other.\" Paul beamed, secretly thrilled that his girlfriend and his best friend were really hitting it off. It was rare to see Raymond interacting with other kids besides him, and hopefully, in the future, he would continue coming out of his shell to be this interesting character Paul knew him to be. The conversation stayed in a light tone for the rest of the half hour they were there, long after they'd finished eating. Not once did it stray to darker news such as Rachel's older brother's recent apprehension by the Timekeepers for attempted robbery at a New Greenwich casino or Raymond's parents lashing out at him once again for not being home by four and subsequently grounding him. Technically, he was still grounded, but he could care less. His parents never showed much love toward him, so why should he bother to reciprocate any sort of affection with obedience? Especially since he would never receive it from either his mother or his father. He could stay out with Paul and his friends as long as he wished. Due to time issues, though, this was not a possibility. At four-thirty, the six teens all said goodbye to one another before going their separate ways. Rachel and Lindsey lived on the east side of town, Ben and Jake on the north, and Raymond and Paul on the west. As usual, the two brotherly best friends walked home together, with Paul training his eyes on a forgotten beer can that he kicked along the way. \"So, what'd you think of them?\" \"I think Rachel will be a good influence on you,\" Raymond spoke honestly, glancing out of the corner of his eye at his slovenly, restless friend who could never sit still for a second. \"Maybe she'll settle you down somewhat.\" Paul laughed but without derision despite his next words. \"Come on, Ray, it's not like I'm going to marry her or anything.\" \"Oh really? You two complement each other rather well already, if you want my opinion. She knows when to get you to shut up. And she's always interested in what you have to say. She's your wife already, as far as I'm concerned.\" Shrugging this last comment off mysteriously, Raymond had a sly smile playing on his lips. Pausing in his walk and can-kicking, Paul lightly punched his friend in the arm. \"Stop it. And besides, you're the one who shuts me up. What's one more person?\" \"True, but I shut you up for your own good. Otherwise, your mouth gets you into trouble. Remember when you insulted Mark Nelson so brutally that he had you pinned to your locker? I had to cover for you by saying you were just spouting off what some other idiot was saying, that it wasn't even your real opinion of the guy. That way, he'd turn on someone else and that you wouldn't have to explain a bloody nose for first period.\" \"It would have been more than just my nose,\" Paul laughingly scoffed. \"Though I still owe you for that one.\" \"Yeah, Paul, you do.\" Raymond's smile widened into a know-it-all grin before he good-naturedly patted his bold friend on the shoulder. \"…Although I think I'm always going to owe you for the rest of my life.\" This conversation between the two adolescents suddenly took a serious turn, a rare occurrence. After all, Raymond used Paul's happy-go-lucky nature to his advantage in that it was the perfect excuse to not dwell on more burdensome topics. Very seldom did they have grim moments such as these and when they did, they heeded to each other's words. Though they weren't girls by any means, and thus didn't often confide in each other about emotions and the like, there was a bond between them. An understanding that no matter what happened in their lives, they would seek each other out when absolutely necessary. \"For what?\" Cocking his head to the side, Paul appeared genuinely confused by what Raymond was trying to implicate. The beer can lay still on the sidewalk, momentarily forgotten. Raymond quietly studied the city bus as it passed by before turning to his friend and putting his hands on his shoulders. He was definitely not, under normal circumstances, what one would consider touchy-feely. But, in this instance, somehow, he needed to convey the depth of his sincerity through touch. Some enigmatic dread built up inside, for something that would either happen today or the future…Whatever the outcome, he had to emphasize to Paul just what all this meant to him. \"I owe you for being so willing to be my friend. I didn't think I'd like hanging out with you at first, but all these years later, I know I can depend on you. I don't feel that way toward many people…especially not my family. Your parents are more like family to me. And…And I consider you my brother, Paul. You've really helped me by being my friend over the years, so I'd just like to say thanks.\" Bewildered by such mature words coming from a fellow sixteen-year-old, Paul merely stood still and gaped. He had an urge to laugh it off, as was his nature, but he registered the pensiveness in Raymond's eyes and knew this was no joke. Since he never had any siblings himself, he knew that the feeling was mutual. He just had no clue why Raymond thought now was the opportune time to voice something this deep, with this sense of urgency. Paul internally shrugged at this, though, chalking it up to Raymond being weird every now and again. But weird in a good way, never in a bad way. A more softened version of his usual smirk appeared on his face, and he patted Raymond on the shoulder. \"It's no problem, Ray, it really isn't. I mean, I'm surprised that no one else seems that interested in you. Because you're a cool guy and all…I think everybody should get to know you, and if I had my way, I'd get everyone to like you.\" \"You can't force that on anyone,\" Raymond told him gently but rationally. \"Well…I would if I could at any rate. You're just misunderstood, that's all. That's why not many other people get you. But, I'd like to brag that I do, that I've been getting you for all these years. Oh, and I see you as a brother, too.\" Paul, rarely sentimental, made to hug Raymond, but the dark-haired teen shook his head. \"Now, you're behaving decidedly like a girl.\" \"Oh, come on , we're having a moment here!\" \"No, I think the moment's past us now.\" Raymond looked away, out at the cheap, dirty cars few and far between on this street, suppressing yet another grin. This was quite the unorthodox day. He was hardly ever in an untroubled mood most of the time, only for Paul's sake was he remotely composed. Paul chuckled. \"Yeah, well, thanks anyway, Ray.\" \"You're welcome.\" Everything soon reverted back to normal, with Paul casually chatting and ensuring to mention how pretty he thought Rachel was. Being the studious one, Raymond simply remained silent and would occasionally nod his head in agreement to show he was listening. This was how the dynamic worked between them, always had, yet he wouldn't have it any other way. They walked two more blocks before Paul fell short of breath. Initially, Raymond paid this no mind, as they'd been walking for a while. Perhaps all the energy Paul managed to deplete today at last caught up with him. He had a tendency to go out on morning jogs along with all the talking he did at school. Surely, for most average people, that would be exhausting. However, Paul's panting became steadily more pronounced to the point that he stopped walking entirely to place his hands on his knees. As soon as Raymond sensed they no longer walked side-by-side, he peered anxiously over his shoulder. To his great concern, Paul was not only breathing heavily but shaking. Somehow, Raymond didn't believe that this was an onslaught of sickness. \"What's wrong, Paul?\" he asked, successfully hiding the apprehension in his voice. Then, the answer occurred to him. Just to be sure, he asked another more pressing question. \"How much time do you have left?\" Increasingly weaker and weaker by the second, Paul managed to lift his wobbly wrist to where he could see his inscription. \"Uh…Three minutes and…and thirty seconds.\" \"What?!\" \"Y-Yeah…I must have…must have forgotten to get some time from my parents this morning.\" How foolish of him, Raymond thought in a panic. It was a rule of thumb for school-age children to procure some time from their parents daily before leaving, in case some time was spent after school on extracurricular or social activities. For Paul to forget was troubling, very troubling indeed. Now, his life was practically on the line. \"Stay here!\" Raymond barked commandingly, though this was not necessary, as Paul couldn't run off even if he wanted to. Desperately, Raymond sprinted across the street, ensuring to check the inscription on his own wrist while that thought persisted. Luckily for him, he remembered to take time from his parents this morning, so he still had at least a good half an hour left on his wrist. However, if he didn't find a random passerby to sneak up on soon, both he and Paul would find themselves in the most horrific sort of bind. Part of him even dared to be angry with his friend for jeopardizing their lives to begin with, squandering precious minutes at that diner. Did he not realize that they were in constant danger of losing their lives every day? After running down a half a block, he spotted a tall redheaded man about to enter a pawn shop. Without affording to be choosy as to whom he could acquire time from, Raymond lunged at the stranger and clutched his wrist, keeping his hand there for thirty seconds before withdrawing. \"Hey, kid, what the hell—?!\" He didn't hear the end of that outraged sentence and hoped that the random stranger wouldn't pursue him. Twenty minutes should take care of Paul for the rest of the way home, and his parents could deal with the issue accordingly if need be. He had to stop for incoming traffic at one point, much to his exasperation. Time was of the essence, and Paul could collapse at any second. Too late. Once Raymond crossed the street with another burst of speed, he noticed Paul sprawled out on the sidewalk, just barely breathing. With no delay, Raymond landed on his knees hard beside his friend. His lungs felt as though they were on fire, searing his chest. With the added stress, he had breathed harder than he normally did when out running. Lifting Paul's wrist, he saw that only one minute and fifty seconds remained. \"Shit,\" he swore, mostly because of how close he managed to cut it. However, he was relieved that there was still a chance to revive Paul. Without another thought on the subject, Raymond latched onto Paul's wrist and waited until twenty minutes were added before releasing. Once he received this sustainable amount of time, Paul's eyes shot open. The first sight he registered was Raymond sitting with his knees pulled up to his chest, regaining some of the energy he spent in search of someone with time to steal. To his shock, the normally stoic adolescent's pale blue eyes appeared extremely watery. \"Hey, Ray.\" Paul's voice was raspy from the recovery. \"You did a good job, man. I was knocked out for a bit there…And I saw this light. Rachel was there with blueberry pancakes, my favorite, and I was about to follow her and that light. All-you-can-eat breakfast buffet.\" When he grinned, revealing that he only confided this in jest, Raymond glared at him heatedly in spite of the tears trailing down his cheeks. \"You bastard, do you honestly believe that you can make a joke out of this?\" Paul's broad grin faded to something more lopsided. \"What else do you expect me to do? Life here sucks.\" In a last-ditch effort to try calming himself, Raymond closed his eyes and took deep breaths. Inhaling and exhaling, even though he had a feeling that his nostrils were flaring a great deal. And even though he was crying, he seethed with rage at his best friend's irresponsibility, his negligence in tending to himself that morning. \"Be that as it may, you could have died today because of your own carelessness!\" Not able to hold in these negative feelings any more, he let himself explode. \"Do you have any idea how scared I was?! I could have lost my best friend, and that is not a joke, Paul! You came so close to death and for you to make one of your wise-cracks…\" Raymond trailed off and bit his trembling lower lip until it bled in order to prevent himself from looking like such a lost child. He tightened his grip around his legs, shuddering from thoughts pertaining to what would have happened if he hadn't made it to Paul in time. How would he have broken the terrible news to his parents? What if they had claimed him responsible for the tragedy? And Rachel, how would she have reacted? There were so many people who cared immensely for Paul and for him to attempt to laugh his near-death experience off, however feebly… Adamantly, he glanced away from his friend, refusing to look at him. He was disgusted and stricken at the same time. It took a hand on his shoulder for him to stare down into Paul's serious dark eyes. No laughter could be found on his face now. \"About this owing thing…Are you sure it isn't me who owes you for the rest of my life? Considering I was stupid enough to risk it and that you ended up saving my sorry ass, I can't repay you enough. Good thing you were with me, I wouldn't have realized I was running out until literally the last minute.\" Closing his eyes again, Raymond pinched the bridge of his nose. \"Don't worry about it, Paul. Forget about owing and repaying debts and whatnot…I'm just relieved that you're still alive. I do have one request to ask of you, though.\" A slight smile made its way onto Paul's face. \"And what would that be?\" \"Don't ever…\" He paused due to his shaky voice before starting over. \"Don't ever do that to me again, or I swear I'll never forgive you.\" Paul chuckled dryly. \"I can promise you that, Ray. I didn't like that feeling of my time draining away. Besides, I can't lose my best friend, can I?\" \"You better not. Otherwise, you would really be a sorry ass once I was finished with you.\" That comment wiped away all traces of Paul's amused expression, replaced with a worried one. He wouldn't put it past Raymond to thrash him at this very moment, much less years down the road. Indeed, he paled at the thought and stared apprehensively at the other boy, expecting him to appear threatening. What he did see caused his jaw to drop slightly. Raymond was smirking triumphantly, proceeding to laugh. \"Paul, I'm kidding. You should have seen the look on your face!\" \"That wasn't funny,\" Paul shot back reproachfully. \"It was for me.\" Raymond quit the laughter at his friend's expense relatively quickly as he pointed out, \"Now, do you understand why your joke about death infuriated me earlier?\" \"Yeah, yeah, I get it. I won't show my sense of humor around you again, I promise.\" \"I didn't say that. Just…There's a time and place to laugh and trying to after a near-death experience is not one of those times. Especially when you have people who would miss you,\" he stated more gravely. \"Like Rachel. Like your parents and your other friends.\" Paul filled in the final blank. \"And you?\" Raymond nodded. \"And me.\" Realizing that approximately five minutes of Paul's refreshed time had been spent, they resolved to finish the rest of the way home together. Ultimately, so as not to startle the Salas parents, the nearly fatal circumstance of Paul's dwindling time was not mentioned. On the contrary, it was kept a secret between just the two of them. That meaningful day signified the finite quality of Dayton ghetto life, how it could all be taken away in an instant. With a new-found appreciation of this and each other as the surrogate brothers they each saw themselves, the friendship between Raymond Leon and Paul Salas became more fortified. The bond between these two, at this point in time, seemed indestructible, strong enough to never fracture. Both boys being somewhat naïve, neither of them could have predicted what the next few years held in store. High school soon became a distant memory, the pettiness, the drama, and the often relaxed times there, once graduation approached. Raymond, due to a combination of his parents' strict standards for him and his own persistence, ended up being the valedictorian. Not used to speaking in front of large crowds, he swore later that he'd been deeply inept in giving his speech. He'd worked diligently on it too, going through three drafts before he was satisfied with the finished product. Reflecting on clichés that these speeches tended to have, he presented them with a serious yet somehow light-hearted spin, alluding to ambition and diverging paths and that now was the time to face the future. Whatever befell them, good or bad, they would each have the strength to overcome and carry on. No one knew what would happen in twenty years due to time being an unpredictable mistress, as they'd grown up well aware. He wryly joked that by that time, he might forget everybody's names. In sum, he wished his graduating class of 2138 well in whatever endeavors they wished to pursue. To be successful in their dreams and to strive as hard as they could to achieve them. For, now, more than ever, it was imperative that they keep hope in their hearts. Paul and Rachel, his very much steady girlfriend (in fact, a proposal was on the horizon for the two of them) praised Raymond on his words, assuring him that he did more than a passable job. He performed brilliantly. Then, the three of them launched their mortarboards into the air along with everyone else willing to participate in the long-standing tradition, smiling and laughing. Frankly, it was the happiest Raymond had ever been in spite of the fact that Thomas and Lorelei Leon were noticeably absent from this pivotal hallmark in their son's life. Raymond and Paul never lost touch in their post-high school careers. They went out of their way to socialize at the diner or just for a casual stroll. However, the former would often find that he was repulsed at the sights now. Dayton devolved into even more of a ghetto day after day, the poverty and unemployment rates now at an all-time high. The old mall they used to visit from time to time had closed down, and several mom-and-pop shops ceased to exist with some of the buildings condemned. How could he settle for this? Well aware of his worth and what he had to offer the world, Raymond avidly searched for more. He just needed a sign… It came to him on one of their walks one bleak afternoon, the sky overcast with swirling cumulonimbus clouds. Rain could come pelting down at them any time. However, he chose to disregard the current weather patterns in favor of a billboard that loomed overhead. \"Hey, Ray, what's up? You look like you just swallowed a fly…Oh.\" Paul's tone was flat once he registered at what his best friend gazed almost reverently. It was a recruitment billboard, encouraging people to join up with the ranks of…the Timekeepers. He struggled to repress the disgusted noise threatening at the back of his throat, begging for a release. \"I think this was what I was meant to do, Paul,\" Raymond commented quietly, so softly that Paul almost couldn't hear him. But, he did. Oh yeah, loud and clear. Slightly perturbed that Raymond should want this fate for himself, Paul turned to him, eyebrow raised in puzzlement. \"Why do you say that? I mean, why would you assume that just by looking at a billboard?\" \"Don't you see what this means? If I get recruited by the Timekeepers, I can finally get out of this place. It's been my dream to find something outside of the ghetto for as long as I can remember. Being a Timekeeper is my ticket out of here since they operate out of New Greenwich.\" In a sense, Paul could understand where Raymond came from through his declaration of longing to escape Dayton. Many citizens of the city would surely cut off their right hands just to leave, to see the greener grass on the other side that awaited them. He was no optimist when it came to this location in all honesty, well-aware of the crumbling buildings and chaotic scenes that beset his neighborhood. However, he strived to be an idealist, to somehow improve Dayton one day soon. For now, he valued the people here. He'd been married to Rachel for three years, and she was pregnant, expecting their first child. It filled him with overwhelming joy (but also slight anxiety) to be a father. He currently worked as a bank teller to provide for his wife and unborn child. Escape wasn't exactly an option any more, if it ever was. He had a life with loved ones to build around, having a family of his own. It would be illogical to uproot them all to try surviving in New Greenwich, considering the absurdly high cost of living. Dayton was where he would stay. This would most likely sound abhorrent to Raymond, but this was the life he chose for himself. With only a meager job title to his name, Paul knew it would have to suffice for the sake of the people he loved. If Raymond couldn't accept that, well, that was his issue to deal with, not Paul's. \"Hm, interesting.\" He shrugged indifferently, sounding neither curious nor thrilled. \"If that's really what you want to do…\" \"You doubt me.\" Raymond stated this, his tone flat, even just a shade vexed. Not necessarily, Paul inwardly acknowledged to himself. The longing for escape and a sense of freedom that eluded every Dayton resident was definitely something he could relate to. However, the idea that Raymond would join with the Timekeepers of his own free will…Did he have any clue as to what they were really like? They might have given off the appearance of protectors and measurers of time, but they were a corrupt group in all actuality. He'd heard all the stories and then some. \"Well, I wouldn't…if you wanted to go another way about this.\" \"Oh? Is that so? Do tell me more, Paul, I'm afraid I don't know what you're getting at,\" Raymond retorted cynically, icily. \"The Timekeepers, Ray…That's all I'm saying. I don't know what you've heard about them. For all you know, they're a bunch of time regulators doing whatever they can for the greater good. But, from what I've heard about them, they are corrupt. They accept bribes, under the table or otherwise. Their main concern is to protect the rich and their precious time but leave hardly anything for the rest of us. If someone poor even got an hour more of time than they're supposed to\"—Paul was steadily raising his voice, his fists clenching at the thought—\"the Timekeepers would make sure to put a stop to that. It's not allowed, according to them.\" The storm clouds thickened, thunderheads gaining more definition and substance to them. It would surely start pouring cats and dogs in a matter of minutes. As the sky darkened, so did Raymond's mood. He scoffed. \"Oh, really? Is that what you've heard? That's propaganda that's been spr—\" \"No, Raymond!\" Paul emphatically pointed to the billboard. \"What's on that billboard is propaganda. Besides, I've been hearing these things from my parents. Are you calling them liars?\" \"Now, don't blow this out of proportion. I'm after a job, different from the one I have now. That's all. And that job requires keeping time. That's it. No more, no less. Whatever you've been told, I just don't believe, frankly.\" Paul felt a sickening feeling plummet down to his stomach at these words. All of a sudden, Raymond became a slightly altered version of himself. This was not the man he'd known all these years. His pursed lips were so thin, his face pale in suppressed fury that begged to be released. And his pale blue eyes turned icy, cold, a sight usually reserved for when he spoke bitterly about his parents. Something told Paul that his best friend had been considering a Timekeeping position for quite some time. Looking at that billboard only reinforced his ambitions, motivated him more to apply, go through the necessary training…and, in essence, fading into a shadow of his former self. Once one got in with the Timekeepers, they were permanently changed. All the while, thunder rolled, and a flash of lightning cracked off in the distance. Sighing, he pinched the bridge of his nose. \"I'm just trying to give you a heads-up, that's all. Just looking out for you.\" \"Well, don't!\" Raymond barked out. \"We're young adults now, free to make our own choices in life. I'm choosing my path, and it's going to involve something that isn't as thankless as your current position in life.\" \"What?\" \"You heard me. Had you opted to forego your wedding plans and having children in favor of getting a damn decent job for yourself, you wouldn't be bogged down and remain in this pig sty.\" Out of impulse, the unadulterated anger coming to a boil in his blood, Paul roughly grabbed Raymond and pinned him against a wall. \"What the hell are you saying, Ray?! Don't you dare tell me how to live my life! I wanted to marry Rachel, and I didn't want to put off our wedding because I'd made up my mind. And I won't ever….ever…see my child as a burden like that. I don't care about huge salaries, just enough to support me and my family. Maybe if you had one that actually cared about you, you'd understand!\" That cut too deep, and it was a statement that Paul automatically regretted once he said it. After all, it hadn't been Raymond's fault that he'd been born to snobby parents who had little investment in his life. They had expected—no, demanded—of him to be a model child of sorts, one who excelled academically and stayed quiet unless spoken to. And how could anyone really anticipate Raymond to grow up in that environment and allow others any closeness or intimacy? His peers could never comprehend his constant reticence, his introversion, or his avoidance of a love life. Not even Paul and he'd known him for years. And it wasn't so much a refusal or lack of understanding…It was simply that he could never relate. Thus, technically, Raymond had always been a loner, borderline insisting on it at times. Currently, the raven-haired man wrestled with his infuriation at the one he once called friend. Inevitably, Paul had crossed a line that he couldn't return from. He'd uttered a truly blasphemous thing. \"Ah,\" he hissed out, restraining himself with every fiber of his being not to punch Paul in the face. \"I see. That's where my fault lies, my family dilemmas? Kindly get the hell away from me.\" A hurt look flashed in the other man's eyes along with regret for foolish words he'd yelled out in the heat of the moment. Words he could never take back, that time might not be able to erase. \"Ray, I…\" \"Idiot, I said get away!\" Lashing out vigorously, he responded by shoving Paul's arms off him and delivering a swift punch to his jaw for good measure. Paul, in turn, lost his temper. \"All right, if you're already letting this job of yours change you, then fine! But, I'm not about to be a part of it. I don't know you any more, Raymond. I really don't. You want me to stay out of your life? Heh, don't worry about it. You've already lost me.\" Then, the rain started falling, hard and pelting and mercilessly cold. Raymond numbly stood there, somewhat in disbelief that he'd just punched a used-to-be close friend in the face. He'd never intended to do that, but an overwhelming passion of hot anger engulfed him. As though he was walking into the smoldering flames of hell already…A small, skeptical voice in his mind asked him if, by allowing the Timekeepers to recruit him, he would be selling his soul. Paul strode away from him as soon as he made his declaration that he'd lost his best friend forever…in a matter of minutes. However, the words exchanged had been irrevocably harsh and brutal that this was understandable. At a loss, without a sharp response, Raymond watched him walk farther and farther away from him. First, two feet, then five, then ten…After twenty feet, he lost sight of him. He gave no regard to his soggy clothes when he finally did return to his humble apartment, one he'd been living in as soon as he'd graduated high school to break off all ties with his parents once and for all. Soaked to the skin, with his baggy shirt and jeans dripping water onto the cheap, thin brown carpet, he emotionlessly treaded into his bedroom. He shut the door behind him, though there would more than likely be nobody disturbing him, and grabbed the framed picture on his nightstand. It depicted him, Rachel, and Paul at their high school graduation, all smiles and laughter. Paul had an arm snaked around his girlfriend's waist and his other hand firmly on Raymond's shoulder. A portrayal of happier times gone by. It begged the question as to how all those positive memories managed to dissolve because of a trivial thing such as a desired occupation. So, he wanted to join the Timekeepers, so what? If Paul couldn't deal with that simple fact, then what was the use in keeping him around as a friend or otherwise? After having displayed no feasible emotion on that long walk home, Raymond let out a strangled cry and hurled the picture away from him. It hit the opposite wall, breaking the frame glass. Naturally, the years passed without the two men seeing each other, as their paths diverged in opposite directions. Either of them could attest that they would much rather that it remained that way as well. Despite these long years distancing himself from his past, Raymond Leon still resented Paul Salas for heated words spoken without any cause or justification for them. In turn, Paul thought it was better for them to no longer have contact with each other, especially since Raymond was in league with the Timekeepers. Things could only end badly with that unwise decision. Raymond was now a rookie Timekeeper, usually left to desk work and the like. Very seldom had he actually gone out on patrol, and he was growing impatient to conduct some field work. He knew Dayton like the back of his hand, so if he had to return to that abominable location for an assignment, he would eagerly jump at the opportunity. Anything was better than filing crime reports on whatever flavor of the week resolved to give them trouble. After all that lying too, just to get in with the Timekeepers to begin with. For, aware that there was a certain prejudice against Dayton residents, he had meticulously invented a backstory when filling out his résumé. He lied about where he was from and even prior workplace out of a need to come off as superior to other applicants. Surely, he couldn't admit that he'd recently quit a humble occupation as check-out person at Dayton's worn-down grocery store. The concept of admitting such a thing to the Timekeepers was both absurd and humiliating to him. Indeed, Raymond pulled off all the stops to look impressive on his résumé, including everything but changing his name. The name he decided to keep. After all, Thomas Leon had been a very rich man once. However, they didn't need to know the details of his subsequent financial ruin. All they needed to know was that his roots were that of the wealthy and not of the impoverished. When the Timekeepers accepted him and he underwent training, he knew that the New Greenwich base was where he belonged. He deserved to belong in this opulent city, full of grand sights and luxurious living. This suited to his tastes far more than the bullet-filled ghettos of Dayton. If only that Paul Salas could see him now… Of course, desk duty was far from glamorous, but he was earning more money than his former friend would most likely ever see in his assuredly short lifetime. Though Raymond became increasingly restless as time went on with his day-to-day tasks…especially when he was hearing reports from the other Timekeepers that a certain Dayton bank teller stirred up trouble… As for Paul Salas, in spite of not holding a lucrative position by any means, he was content enough with his loved ones in his life. His young son Will brought him more joy than the boy could ever know. He told him stories of his dealings at night despite Rachel's severest disapproval. And, when his wife had her back turned or she dozed peacefully on the couch after a long day's work at the factory, he would teach him a certain trick he pulled off to earn extra time. It was all in the wrists, he often told his impressionable son. Ruefully, Paul did think to himself how much nobler and more exciting he was making these stories out to be, being a fighter and all on nightly errands. The truth of the matter was that between his job and Rachel's, they barely earned enough to survive longer than two weeks. So, he considered fighting the time thieves lurking in shadowy alleys his second job. He insisted that what he was doing wasn't immoral, just another means to provide for his family. However, everyone searched for extra time, but they usually worked longer hours in order to accomplish paying for their apartment, water, electricity, etc. Paul was adamant not to choose that option, for how else would he get to spend time with his wife and son? Engaging in fights, gambling, and essentially stealing became his methods. And he hadn't gotten detected by the Timekeepers yet. He reminded himself that all these debauched deeds were just a means to an end. He was not a bad person…He was only a desperate man protecting his family and caring for them through whatever means necessary. If it meant stealing time to help them live longer, then so be it. Clearly, both estranged friends had sold a fraction of their souls to do what they did now. For, unbeknownst to Paul, Raymond had initially been the same way. Guilt-ridden when he discovered that the Timekeepers, led by ruthless, grizzled tyrant of a captain in Head Timekeeper Xavier Herrod, weren't above killing law-breakers to make examples of them. And realizing that he now worked for such a group, he had to ignore his conscience. After all, he wasn't the one killing anybody; he had no blood on his hands. Herrod was steeped in these dealings…though the fact that he didn't discourage abuse to prisoners wasn't lost on Raymond. After the first few pangs and internal moral arguments he had with himself, he managed to cut off any sort of emotion when it came to his job. He kept time, that was his mantra, one that he would inwardly repeat in an incessant manner for the rest of his life. He was borderline obsessed with the idea that that was all he did and that he would never sink as low as Head Timekeeper Herrod. Never. Finally, after years of anxious waiting, he was given his first assignment, a night patrol deep in the most crime-infested areas of Dayton. Which, Raymond sardonically remembered, was every area in Dayton. However, he did consider this a great opportunity to prove himself and his worth to the other Timekeepers. He was committed to them and their cause. Whatever misgivings he might have had had vanished, no longer relevant to what his tasks entailed. That night, he prowled the streets with his hand constantly on his holster, wary of whoever was running about at night. Knowing this city so well, having lived in it for too many years, he had an idea that there were more than common pickpockets crawling about like the filthy rodents they were. No, there was gang activity, sociopaths and homicidal maniacs alike. As he walked the streets at an agonizingly slow pace, peering over his shoulder every so often, Raymond stayed this cautious. Any suspicious noise he heard he would investigate at once. That was what he'd learned during the classroom orientation portion of his training. Always be on your guard and the minute you hear a disturbance, go after it. Nine times out of ten, it was a shady dealing that had to be interfered with. Sure enough, thirty minutes in his patrol, he heard shouting and the sound of someone struggling. Criminal activity perhaps? Interesting, he couldn't wait to apprehend the perpetrator and take him back to headquarters. His car was parked a block away, so it would only be a matter of minutes heading back. He ran toward the noise and as he got closer to the particular back alley, he heard someone loudly accuse, \"You…You cheated!\" A familiar cocky voice drawled, \"That's the definition of gambling, my friend. Now, are you going to let me go or should I take what's left of your time?\" Well, Raymond would recognize that voice anywhere, enough to know that the brashness was a façade, all for show. Hmph, that man had always been all talk, no follow-through. He couldn't exactly surmise that the man in question had a lack of brains, far from it, actually. \"Stop,\" he lazily ordered once he approached the two of them, ensuring to remove the pistol from his holster for good measure. A stout man immediately removed his arm from the other, much taller man's throat, raising his hands up as though on reflex. Ah, all criminals must have been cut from the same cloth, for weren't they all cowardly? In light of being revealed, they just had to bend to submission. Well, perhaps not in the case for the more methodical criminals, but they ended up submitting as well…in the end. Keeping his pistol trained on the stout man more specifically (as he appeared to be the one to have instigated the fight…at least physically), Raymond dryly inquired, \"Now, will either of you care to tell me what you're doing out here this late at night?\" The man with plenty of girth stuttered out, \"J-Just pl-playing cards…\" \"Playing cards? Hm…You imply gambling.\" Raymond stepped closer to them, deliberately ignoring the other man who bemusedly looked on. \"That wasn't what I just saw, was it?\" \"W-Well, y-you see, Timekeeper…This man was cheating me out of time!\" The other man exaggeratedly rolled his dark eyes. \"As I was telling you before, Rick, gambling is cheating. If you lost a bit of time, that's your own doing. You shouldn't have challenged me in the first place.\" The stout man who could now be identified as Rick growled in frustration, reeling back his fist. As much as Raymond would pay to see what would ensue, he did have protocol to conduct. And as protocol dictated, he had to check out how much time was inscribed on Rick's wrist. \"I see. Rick, come here, I have to look over your time inscription.\" \"OK, sure,\" Rick said gruffly, reluctantly hanging his fist limply at his side. \"You can see for yourself how much of a crook this guy is.\" Shrugging his shoulders rather carelessly, the taller man chuckled at this comment. Raymond removed a flashlight from his coat pocket, turned it on, and examined the proffered wrist. According to the green lettering, only five hours remained. \"That's suspicious,\" he remarked off-handedly, easily coming to the conclusion that the tall man standing in the shadows was his main concern. \"All right. Rick, you're free to go.\" \"What?! But what about my time?\" Raymond snorted, unsympathetic to whatever life this man had, if he truly had one at all. Honestly, if Rick were to drop dead the next day because of all that depleted time, he wouldn't even be remotely impacted. \"It's not my business what you do with your time or how you go about getting more. If you think I'm going to give you any after giving me that idiotic reason why you lost a substantial amount, think again. Now, off with you before I make reductions .\" Practically shivering at the thought of further time loss, Rick broke into a stumbling run, leaving Raymond and the man he needed to interrogate further. Or maybe he would lecture. After all, he could never forget a face, especially one this prominent in his past. \"Salas,\" he spoke at length, putting the pistol away. He doubted he would have to use it on him, but he would keep a hand on his holster nonetheless. \"Why am I not shocked to see you out here?\" \"I could ask you the same question.\" Paul leaned against the wall, his arms crossed. \"Nice uniform, Ray. Looks expensive. How much time did you have to steal to get that and a fancy New Greenwich penthouse?\" \"Don't call me that,\" he hissed, gripping his holster tighter. \"You either address me as 'Timekeeper' or 'sir', understand?\" Tensions quickly thickened between the two estranged men, neither of them having anticipated encountering the other again. A twist of fate that was very unwelcome at the moment. Paul absentmindedly wondered how long this confrontation was going to take. He had to rest for work tomorrow, pretending yet again that an incident like this never happened and that he hadn't done anything as transparently stupid as this. Paul nodded but boldly stated, \"Ray, that is seriously not a good look for you. Big, billowy black coat…Hmph, lucky for us bank tellers, the dress code isn't as bleak as that.\" \"Do you believe you can joke your way out of this? This isn't high school any more, Salas, or do I need to remind you? I was hoping I'd never see you again, especially since I've gotten an unpleasant glimpse of what you do now. Bank telling not as lucrative as you'd hoped?\" \"Likewise on having hoped never seeing you again.\" Paul inclined his head. \"And I'm doing this for my family, Ray. A family I'm going to assume you never had. No wife and no kids still?\" Raymond thrust out his hand. \"I'm not willing to make amends, Ray.\" \"Your wrist, Salas.\" The rookie Timekeeper rolled his eyes. \"I can't help but think that you have far too much time. You always knew how to trick them at cards.\" \"Damn it, out of all the Timekeepers….,\" Paul muttered under his breath but obliged. Once Raymond had a glance over at Paul's wrist, he couldn't stop his eyes from widening. Eight days. He managed to collect more time than the average Dayton citizen could earn in one business day…or even business week, for that matter. Somehow or other, Paul had been busy cheating the system on his little nocturnal adventures. He wondered what else this man did besides gambling. It wouldn't surprise him if Paul was now the cause of thugs like Rick timing out. There had been an increase of time-outs in Dayton as of late, come to think of it. It deeply perturbed him. Paul once accused him of no longer being the man he grew up with. Touché…but he could say the same presently. How had he done it? Blatantly disregarding his conscience just long enough to steal other people's time, much less in disobedience to the rules that had to be abided? Pretending that he wasn't disturbed by this new bit of information, Raymond commented half-snidely, \"This is definitely a remarkable find for me, Salas. Eight days on your wrist\"—he let out a low whistle—\"You must have come upon a windfall. But, at what cost, is my question. I'm sure there have been sacrifices along the way.\" Paul glanced downward, his face warming with shame. \"We could barely pay rent between what I was earning at the bank and what Rachel was earning at the factory. Not to mention we had our son Will. I had to do something about it.\" Tilting his head to the side, Raymond pinned him with an increasingly frosty gaze. \"So, you resorted to skulking the streets at night, gambling or fighting or whatever it is you do?\" \"I had no other choice!\" Paul shouted, matching the Timekeeper's cold-eyed stare with one of his own. \"It was either that or let my family die. I'm not even going to bother asking you what you would do in a situation like that.\" Raymond was not angry with Paul for breaking the law, as contrary as that was to a Timekeeper's nature. Conversely, he was absolutely furious with him for taking these unnecessary risks that would potentially get him killed! And if that ultimately was the outcome, then Rachel and their son would have no one to protect them. And Raymond supposed that Paul thought he was being ever-so-noble by earning extra time through these dark schemes. \"You're not just gambling with cards or dice, Paul.\" In a true Freudian slip, he uttered his name. \"You're gambling with your life and in essence your family's lives, too. What happens if someone feels cheapened by you enough to the extent that they'll murder you? What then? You're wandering into dangerous territory, and you'll end up reaping your just deserts for it. You can't hide forever.\" Paul's glare softened though was still present. \"Here you go again. Lecturing me on what I should be doing with my life. You've always done that, Ray. I just realized that. And I'm sick of it. What I do with my life is—!\" \"Your business, I know. We can go around in circles with this rehashed conversation all night, but neither you nor I want that, now do we? No, because as we both know, that would merely be a waste of time. I need to confiscate what you have.\" Paul's face paled several shades. \"No…No, don't take all of it. Ray, please!\" Raymond seized his wrist, and Paul did everything he could to hold back his anguished screams. It wasn't exactly a painful action, since Raymond maintained a rather light hold, but it could be his last night. Rachel would wake up to find him gone and Will…He dared not to think about Will's reaction, not his eight-year-old little boy… The grip was brief. He wasn't dead after all. However, glancing down, he saw that he had six days rather than the original eight. And he found he could tolerate that amount of time. It was still more than what he'd been accustomed to storing. Vaguely sneering at him, Raymond subtly taunted, \"No, not all of it, Salas. I'm not as cruel as that. Just a two-day confiscation…that was all I was after. However\"—his face became extremely grave—\"You're fortunate that I didn't take more. I'm letting you off with a warning. If I ever catch you doing something this irresponsible…this rash…this imbecilic again, I won't be so generous.\" Conflicted, Paul was unsure whether to thank him or tackle him to the ground, and he was keenly reminded of when they were teenagers, the moment he had almost died. Raymond had saved him then but swore he would never forgive him if he put his life at dangerous risk like that again, to the point of just a few spare minutes remaining. He was doing something similar to this in this situation, only Paul didn't need saving this time. Or maybe he did… Raymond added, \"You're fortunate that it was me who found you here. If it had been any other Timekeeper on patrol, I can assure you that you would have died where you stand.\" \"Great, now I owe you again…\" A cross between a smug smirk and a bitter smile flickered on the Timekeeper's face. \"I'd much rather you didn't owe me anything. I have to be the one to keep your sorry ass out of trouble.\" And he left Paul with those words to meditate. A few months later, massive chaos broke out in Dayton. Head Timekeeper Herrod decided that as many of his subordinates as possible would accompany him to the bank. A riot had broken out there as time was being stolen by several people, and now, there was the inevitable fighting to contend with. It started with a secret resistance group meeting in old warehouses, abandoned apartment buildings, and the like to discuss plans to take back New Greenwich. Or, rather, to claim their own spots in New Greenwich while usurping the pampered denizens in the process. They would begin by stealing as much time as they could from the bank to make a statement, that all the time in the world should be theirs. It should be everybody's, as there had been an era when financial status and class didn't factor in to how long someone lived. Armed with that much time, they would then go onward to New Greenwich and to steal from the banks there. More prosperous lives would be theirs through these necessary steps. The mastermind behind this idealistic goal? Paul Salas. He had become a revolutionary in the eyes of the other resistance group members, and he accepted that with grace. After all, not only could he guarantee a more enriched life with his family but other people's families, too. They would no longer be forced to partake in meager meals or worry about how high the water bill had been hiked on a monthly basis. In tranquility, they could finally be at peace and not have to struggle for every necessity they were entitled to have. Rachel fretted over Paul's lofty ideas, afraid that they were bound to get him killed. She implored of him not to follow through with the demonstration at the bank, as there would be so many lives at stake and that greedier, lesser people would jump at the chance for open thievery. \"I'll be fine, Rachel. I'm doing this for you and Will,\" he reassured her, kissing her on the lips for, unbeknownst to him, what would be the last time. She bit her lip, struggling not to cry. \"I understand that, and I do want a better life for us. Who here wouldn't want to improve their lives? But…At what cost? And this plan might…There's the chance it might not succeed.\" \"Whatever happens, at least we tried.\" Paul smiled lopsidedly before stepping into the living area to find Will engrossed with the ten-inch television. Turning his blond head toward his dad, he revealed the grin he'd inherited from him. \"Are you going to rob the bank today, Dad?\" \"I sure am, son. Wish me luck.\" Somehow, he felt the urgency to hoist his son in the air and hug him (even though he was eight, nearly nine), which he did. Will struggled. \"Daaaad, I'm not four any more.\" \"I know that, buddy. Ugh!\" Paul grunted, putting him back down on the floor. \"You're getting heavy, you know that? I gotta pop out my back now. Oh…Ooooh, yeah, that feels good.\" \"I told you I'm not four any more.\" Will was intent on rubbing that tidbit in. \"No…No, you're not. Well, kid…Goodbye. I love you.\" \"Love you too, Dad.\" Tears had threatened at the corner of Paul's eyes then in the knowledge that he hadn't stated whether or not he was coming back. For once, it was best not to have Will's hopes up. This turned out to be truer than he would have ever thought possible once a particularly burly Timekeeper grabbed him from behind, tackling him to the ground. Paul had fled the scene as soon as he registered that this flimsy, optimistic plan of his had fallen apart. Apparently, there were the Dayton residents who would ruin everything, and that was why this city stayed the same. Mostly everyone excluding his comparatively tiny resistance group had no hope left. All they did now was stealing and lying and cheating…Things he'd done in the past but had surrendered after Raymond warned him of what else he was gambling with. Well, that point was moot now, he considered as he was hauled away in a slick jet-black Timekeeper car. Only the best New Greenwich could buy. In the meantime, Raymond stood in the crossfire, abjectly horrified at what he was beholding with his eyes. His work colleagues shot left and right at people running in all directions to escape capture. Only, these people weren't being apprehended. Several of them fell to the ground, some dead instantly and others struggling to breathe. The worst part of it was that Head Timekeeper Herrod wasn't ordering them to hold their fire. On the contrary, he participated in his fair share of violence. Raymond observed how he purposely stepped on a corpse's head as he was looking where to aim. The glass doors to the bank had been shattered, with shards of the broken pieces lying everywhere on the stone steps. As he cautiously ventured inside, he noted that even several tellers had been killed, though they weren't in on the robbery at all. What madness was this? He felt as though he'd landed in the middle of a war scene, with such incomprehensible savagery on display. He could honestly admit to not being proud of his job and all the implications of what exactly his title was. His pistol remained in its holster, since he refused to use it, repulsed as he was. It was just a robbery, he wanted to helplessly exclaim, there was no serial killer on the loose. What ever happened to \"you're under arrest\" and handcuffs? The only time to shoot should be when they were threatening the Timekeepers with malicious intent. Not running away in the hopes that they wouldn't be gunned down by the very people sorting out the disturbance. No…Ever since they'd arrived here half an hour ago to subdue the turmoil, they had been the disturbance. Herrod had yelled into a megaphone at the rebellious citizens to calm down immediately. When they hadn't heard him, that was when he ordered his underlings to \"fire at will, and don't stop until they're all dead.\" Raymond shivered at the memory. Timekeeper Adams then appeared behind him. \"Leon, we got him. We're headed back to headquarters now.\" \"Who?\" Due to the resistance group that organized the robbery being well-concealed, none of them could even guess as to who the ringleader was. His heart pounded steadily in dread. He had surmised who it was two months ago, but he withheld his assumption from the rest of the force. After all, he'd saved his life…Twice. He didn't want to feel as though those efforts had gone to waste. \"He said his name was Paul Salas.\" Raymond closed his eyes. Damn. Not again. He had another ill notion that he wouldn't be able to get Paul out of this one, not this time. \"He's going to be executed for disturbance of the peace and inciting a riot,\" Herrod told him at headquarters. \"This was more than just a random robbery. This was a deliberate attempt on disrupting the time zones. Even Salas admitted it himself, when I interrogated him, that he was going to New Greenwich next and rob some time there. What his purpose in pursuing this, though, I won't try to comprehend. Most likely to the effect that these serfs thought that there was a chance they'd get their slice of the pie. Such high goals…\" Raymond stared evenly at his superior, his jaw tightening as he heard the condescension dripping off every word. It was smug, too. Herrod had said these last few sentences with a cold sneer. The smirk widened as he irreverently commented with a flourish of his hand, \"Of course, these goals need to be taken down. If the people from the Dayton ghettos assume that they can achieve bigger than what they know, they are sadly mistaken. Many of them can't even last a year. And the taxes are getting higher and higher over there…\" \"I suspect price-gouging could be at play there, sir.\" Herrod's smirk distorted in a grimace. \"Perhaps.\" \"Is there a specific reason you requested me in your office, sir?\" It was a room that suited Herrod's wretched personality well, Raymond had to confess. A decorative sword encased in a glass display case was on the shelf behind and just above Herrod's head. How he'd acquired such a thing was anyone's guess. On another wall was a large electronic map of the time zones and several dots representing homes and businesses. And the room itself was richly decorated with velvet red carpeting and blood-red walls. Too ironic that the floor and walls should appear so blood-drenched, Raymond thought sarcastically. If he ever was promoted to this position, he would hire an interior decorator to drastically alter this office. Herrod answered his question just as he himself was forgetting what he had asked. \"Naturally, Leon, though you are a rookie. You must be wondering why I have deigned to speak with you, with that in mind. Well, I have a hunch, and I always have one when I find some new blood that have the potential to be brilliant. I think you are such a case. And I just think it's high time to test my theory.\" \"How so?\" \" You are going to play the part of executioner, my good man. If you can stomach it, you will get yourself a promotion.\" No. Killing the man he'd grown up with…His best friend…Speaking of stomachs, his own churned distastefully. It was either this or Herrod execute Salas and him, he assumed. But, wait…The gears in his head began to turn. If he outwardly agreed to this offer of a promotion, then he could find some way to ensure that Paul got off scot-free. Maybe they could fabricate some story together of how he wasn't really the leader and that someone who was had framed him. With his mind made up, Raymond looked up to meet Herrod's steely gray-eyed gaze. One eye had been shot off early in his career, so he wore an eye-patch to cover the scarring. His short gray hair that now had some white peeking through was precisely trimmed. His ugly bulldog face was heavily wrinkled, suitable for such a grizzled, heartless man. Raymond loathed him, couldn't stand the sight of him. \"Do we have a deal?\" Herrod raised an eyebrow. \"Of course, sir. Of course.\" \"Good. I'll be watching for the results.\" Merely inclining his head respectfully in response, Raymond left the office and briskly walked down the hallway to the holding cell where the prisoner sat, subdued, on a hard wooden bench. Swiping his ID card through the slot next to the double doors, he passed through them to stand in front of Paul. He glanced up at him, the tiniest grin on his lips. \"Never thought I'd see you again.\" \"I hoped I wouldn't either.\" Raymond shrugged with one shoulder, feigning nonchalance. Deep down was a different story. Emotions turbulently swirled underneath the surface. He didn't know how to phrase what he had to say to him. The Timekeepers find you guilty of disturbing the peace and inciting a riot, your sentence is death…? He couldn't fathom saying this to him. Desperately, he hoped that Herrod had no knowledge of their history; otherwise, he would have deemed that he'd been assigned this none-too-pleasant task on purpose. Herrod was a malicious man. It wouldn't surprise him if this was precisely the case. Another part of him was enraged with Paul for getting himself into a mess again and after he'd expressly warned him not to go around looking for trouble. \"So…What now?\" Paul asked, showing no sign of nervousness through his tone, yet he wringed his hands until they were white at the knuckles. Suddenly, it felt as though sand filled Raymond's throat, and he hadn't the heart in him to tell him that… \"I'll be watching for the results.\" Sooner rather than later was what Herrod expected, no doubt. He replied too coolly, \"I've been assigned with the task of executing you. Head Timekeeper's orders.\" Paul nodded. \"Yeah, I figured that's how it's going to turn out.\" Unconsciously, Raymond stepped closer to him, the sandy sensation in his throat expanding. It felt like he had just swallowed a desert. His hands trembled slightly. He'd saved him from certain death when they were both sixteen, and now, he had been ordered to take his life away. He couldn't do it, he realized. Inevitably, he'd feel that way, since he had begun questioning the Timekeepers' motives upon his inception into the force. However, he had opted to toss away those doubts, those dubious thoughts, in favor of wages he could live comfortably on. He wondered how he could live with himself after this, after the ultimate sin of killing his surrogate brother. \"Why, Paul? Why the hell did you think this was such a fantastic plan? I told you not to take risks.\" \"I gave up the gambling and the rigged fights for good but—\" \"That isn't the point!\" \"Let me finish, Ray,\" Paul calmly insisted, even though he was the one sentenced to die. \"I wanted a better life for everyone. That was why I formed the resistance group. If we came to New Greenwich with enough time to spare, then we could build beyond our wildest dreams. There would be no more starving or poverty for those who chose to come with me. I should have known it wouldn't work out.\" \"Like Icarus flying toward the sun,\" Raymond whispered, shaking his head at Paul's character flaw, and that was his determination or stubbornness, whichever term fit him best. Herrod had been right about one thing and one thing alone. The goal of improving the lives of Dayton residents was set too high, especially since many of them had dwindled into despair and resignation of their cruel fates. Most that were born here were stuck here, having the shortest straw thrust upon them. Raymond sighed. \"I don't think you ever knew what too far was. You were always guilelessly idealistic, letting your instincts guide you.\" \"Are you saying I'm reckless?\" \"In so little words, yes.\" To his surprise, Paul grinned. \"At least I was living.\" \"Well, now you're about to die…unless I let you walk and save you the trouble of dying…for old time's sake.\" His friend and his brother, though not by blood…He could not imagine his death nor could he accept such a fate for him. That fight they'd engaged in when they were both brash young youths rather than the thirty-year-olds they were now…It was as though light-years had passed since that moment he'd blocked from his memory. Now, he wanted nothing more than to rescue Paul Salas from a fate he did not deserve, the injustice of having his life cut tragically short. Lesser men could be put in his place, just not this good-hearted individual. Paul's smile broke, as fragile as it could be given his circumstances. \"I deserve to be punished for putting my dreams ahead of my family. That's what I ended up doing, whether I admitted it or not. Go ahead. Do it.\" Raymond became further torn by this encouragement. Why would he allow himself to be embarrassingly subjected to death at the Timekeepers' hands, the very people he could not tolerate? Furthermore, he had a family to consider…He was making his decision too quickly, too rashly yet again! \"No. I won't allow this.\" \"Come on!\" Paul shouted, abruptly, frighteningly serious. \"I know what this is for. Your promotion, right? Tell me I'm right. Besides, if I go under, that's it. No one else has to be killed on my—\" \"It's too late. Didn't you see the bodies outside the bank?\" \"I mean no one else as in my wife and son. If you let me walk, that's fine, but the other Timekeepers won't stand for it. They'll track me down and break into my apartment. I don't even want to imagine what they'll do to my family…You saw what they did out there, monstrous acts of violence that did not need to be happening.\" Damn, he was right. Of course he would be correct in his assumptions. Paul tacked on more gently, \"And if you don't execute me, they'll kill you too for letting me walk. Don't assume they won't.\" \"I don't need your pity,\" Raymond hissed, reining in the urge to cry and scream himself hoarse. His blue eyes already started to water. \"I put my career ahead of everything else. I don't deserve for you to be forgiving to me.\" \"I never really hated you, you know. How could I? You came from a rough part of town, so did I. And your parents weren't exactly the kindest souls around. I'm not excusing you for what you said back then but…You don't deserve to be despised for it. You thought this was the only way out.\" A brief silence settled in which Raymond mulled over his friend's words before asking, \"But, what about your wife and son?\" \"They'll find a way to carry on. I'm not saying it's going to be easy but…Rachel and Will…They'll make it, I know it.\" Paul turned his head away, lifting an arm over his eyes so that his tears wouldn't be visible to anyone else. Raymond felt like he was shattering. He could not take a father away from his son, he wasn't that heartless. He rolled up his sleeve, glancing at the two weeks' time emblazoned on his wrist. If he could just give him two hours… When Paul looked up again, he observed Raymond had his wrist outstretched toward him. \"I can give you two hours. That should give you enough time to find someplace safe, someplace where you can get more time if you have to. I'm not letting you die like this.\" Tears still streaking down his face, Paul smiled wryly and waved a dismissive hand. \"Nah, I've had a good run of it. I'm from Dayton after all…It's going to be no surprise if I die. And I tried not getting Will's hopes up this morning before I left…\" \"Don't talk like that,\" Raymond snapped, desperate in his intention to keep his childhood friend alive. \"I'm willing to let you live, don't you realize that?\" A gravelly voice on the intercom interrupted their conversation. \"Are you going to end it now, Leon, or are you going to talk Salas to death?\" Both men sighed in unison. Paul offered his wrist, the dashing smile not quite leaving his face. \"I'll hurry this up since I seem to be inconveniencing your friends\"—he chuckled at Raymond's wince—\"Kidding. But…Could you do me a favor, old friend?\" \"Anything.\" Raymond gulped, strenuously blinking back the stinging in his eyes. \"Look after Will for me? Just to make sure he's safe and happy…that sort of thing…Just when you're out on patrol in Dayton, you might want to keep an eye on him. I'm not asking for you to be his new dad or anything…I know he wouldn't want that. Even if you make it all the way to the top within the Timekeeper ranks, I want you to do that much for me.\" Raymond nodded. \"Sure, of course.\" \" Now , Leon, before I regret selecting you for this.\" That impatient old man… \"I can still give you time, you have that option.\" Shaking his head, Paul smiled sagely. \"No, my running days are over.\" \"Very well…\" Raymond exhaled lengthily, pushing the thought that he would be killing his friend to the back of his mind. Too bad it was the only thing on his mind, persisting the more their time ran out. \"I guess this is goodbye then.\" \"Yeah. Bye, Ray. I'll miss you.\" The two men had managed to repair their fractured friendship then. That was something to take solace in, to be thankful for at the very least. Yet, Raymond couldn't help thinking that they should have resolved their differences sooner. He had never come to Paul and Rachel's place to visit, obviously, and he'd never gotten to meet their son. What did he even look like anyway? If he had to take a guess, it would probably be that he inherited many physical and character traits from his father. Thus, once he matured into a young man, he would be quite the handful. Obnoxious too, no doubt, wanting to cause trouble. If he had to chase down another generation of Salas…That would be his luck. Paul Salas and Raymond Leon looked each other in the eyes for the last time, both of them seeing the forgiveness they'd each secretly craved for a long time but both too proud to admit. Too arrogant to outright say that even now. However, they silently said, \"I forgive you\" through that glance. Raymond threw out his hand and latched it onto Paul's wrist, not to give him time but to take it away. He couldn't bear it, so he shut his eyes before he could second-guess what he was doing. After a full sixty seconds, he sensed the wrist falling limp and the pulse slowing…slowing…a few more seconds… The pulse stopped beating. Paul Salas was dead. Without observing his friend's dead body, Raymond strode out of the room as rapidly as he'd come in without a backward glance. He knew what he would look like now, since he'd now seen too many corpses. Brown eyes would be glazed over, mouth possibly hanging at an angle. His hands would hang limp, and overall, in his sitting position, he would appear nothing more than a doll waiting to be played with. Sick and twisted as those thoughts were, it was what the image reminded him of in terms of people lying dead. However, if he had looked, Raymond would have witnessed for himself that his thoughts were much too morbid. For, Paul died with a smile on his face, at peace with the world and with the one man he needed to make peace with. Herrod stopped him on his way out, standing in the middle of the hallway with a demented grin on his face. \"So, you cut off the snake's head now?\" Raymond kept walking, making sure to roughly bump his shoulder against Herrod's. \"He was a person, you bastard.\" His shift wasn't completed, but he didn't care. Executing a prisoner had been work enough for one day, draining him of everything he had. He drove home to the swanky penthouse he had purchased a few years ago, almost as soon as he received his first few paychecks. Unlocking the door, he staggered inside, half-tempted to prepare himself a stiff drink to forget this ever happened. He settled for sitting on the couch, placing his head in his shaking hands. He hadn't cried when his father died two years ago, when he'd drank himself to death on the wares he'd been bartending, thoroughly exhausted with the fact he could never be wealthy again. No one could force him to sympathize with his mother when she had to take on an extra job to support herself because he obstinately would not provide for her despite her shrill pleas. And for all the instances he'd been put down and ostracized by countless people, he remained unfazed. It took for his best friend to die for him to sob, fully and unapologetically. The old high school picture had never been discarded, positioned within a new frame on his new nightstand. For, Raymond would never throw the memories of that time in his life away, not for anything in the world. He still had the most important recollection of all… \" Especially when you have people who would miss you. Like Rachel. Like your parents and your other friends.\" \" And you?\" \" And me.\" Within two years, Herrod died of a sudden heart attack, and Raymond had been promoted to Head Timekeeper due to his resilience in his field work. The fact that he apprehended many law-breakers and kept things in the city of New Greenwich orderly was another factor. He was a man who knew what he was doing. However, he didn't know why he patrolled Dayton today when he had the freedom to do whatever now, just as long as he reasonably kept his underlings in line. Perhaps it was because he did want to keep a promise to an old friend. But, honestly, what were the chances of spotting…? Across the street, he saw a boy, who couldn't be older than ten, running down the sidewalk and holding what appeared to be an ice cream cone. He seemed to be catching up to a group of friends, judging by the names he was shouting. A wave of nostalgia hit Raymond suddenly, bringing him back to memories of his own childhood and hanging out with a certain best friend. How they would carelessly run down the sidewalks and through the slums, playing cops and robbers (a game that became too literal later in their lives). How they would sometimes steal treats like cookies and ice cream…Hmmm… This boy had Paul's brown eyes, the exact shape of them. His hair was blond and curly, as Paul's had been when he was around that age. Sure enough, Rachel Salas walked swiftly after her son, quite a feat to accomplish in heels. She sensed that Raymond was staring at her, watching her and her son Will, and stopped. Gazing out across the street, she looked directly at him. He inclined his head respectfully toward her, unsmiling. She tilted her head to the side, as though wary of him, and he swore he was only having illusions when he saw her give a very small, hesitant smile out of acknowledgement. Raymond would most certainly keep Paul's promise to the day he died, if necessary. Will would be grown enough to look after himself by then, but he would still be on the lookout for brown eyes and by-then darkened light brown hair. After all, had their roles been reversed, Paul Salas would have done the same for him. They had always owed each other like that. A/N: Yeah, in my opinion, Raymond Leon had a backstory that heartbreaking, and that's why he turns out the way he does in the movie...Well, sort of. Anyway, it was difficult for me to write the best friend relationship between him and Paul, so I actually owe quite a bit to the movie Thor. Because I'm fascinated with the relationship between Thor and Loki, especially with that deleted scene I can't believe didn't make the final cut. There are definitely some similarities between that brother relationship and this one, I feel. Well, I hope you enjoyed, blood, guts, and all. All that angst. But also...I feel proud of this one for some reason. XD ","Summary":" A/N: OK, this is a looooong one, so I won't make this author's note too long. OK, so, I essentially"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"Soulmate Stopwatch","Author":"PhereMi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12691850","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You're familiar with the term \"Soul Mate\" right? Well have you ever wondered who yours might be? Or perhaps how many times you've walked past them and never realised? Well that's not a problem in our world. In 2020, after Kanye West became president, a lightning storm covered the earth and lasted for two days. Once it cleared, every human was born with a collection of numbers on their wrist. Numbers that ticked down. And when you a left with a stack of zeros, your soul mate is standing right in front of you, two empty watches clattering to the ground from both your wrists. Who am I? I'm Tom Raider, and this is the story of the night my watch hit zero… December 23rd, 2023 2 hours, 3 minutes… I straighten the tie on my matte black tuxedo, flattening all creases with a smooth passing of my hand. I look over to the mirror to see a ruddy, handsome face smiling back at me. \"Not bad!\" I say to myself. I quickly grab my keys, my coat, my phone and other essentials before heading through the door and out onto the cold street. 1 hour, 47 minutes… The wind whistles through my hair as I walk gailey down Phoenix-Drop Avenue to the booming venue of the christmas ball. Festive lights of red and green pierce the sky like the spotlights of war, swaying side to side and adding color to the air. A christmas beat makes it's way faintly to my ears and puts a grin on my face as I quicken my gait. At the Christmas Ball is I will find my soulmate, I'm sure of it! 1 hour, 40 minutes… I arrive at the front door of the venue, and the music that was just a faint noise in my ears is now blasted out of high-tech speakers that glow bright blue like the ice hanging from the building. My friends are waiting here, Martin and Hazel. Their watches dropped off long ago. I still remember the first day of highschool, walking home with Martin when he and Hazel locked eyes and the numbered metal, now straight zeros, had fell to the floor. I reclined from the past and back into the present, reaching out to hug the two of them. Martin and Hazel put their arms around me and we all embraced each other for a moment before Martin speaks. \"Hey Tom!\" He called excitedly. \"Looking forward to meeting your special one?\" I blush slightly as his remark sends me reeling through all the possibilities of what she might look like. \"More nervous than excited\" I reply as we all pull away from the hug. \"I was always looking forward to it, but I'm glad you guys are here to help if I need it\" They both nod in agreement. \"Even if we weren't very well, we'd still try to show up. You know that!\" Hazel says. I admit that they had promised to be there, no matter what the circumstances. I sort of wish one of them had fallen ill just to see if they'd stick to their promise. But now it not the time. The two welcome me inside and we start to dance the night away. 1 hour, 25 minutes… I've been dancing for ages and my ankles feel as if they're about to explode. I take a moment just to sit down at the side of the crowded dance floor and settle myself by the buffet table. I scan over the tasty treats that stand before me. It's not been a second before my eyes settle on a pop tart and my hand reaches out for it. I slouch back in the chair and take a bite of the sweet goods. Crumbs fall onto my tux and roll down me like a landslide to a mountain. Martin pushes his way through the crowd and finds me with my pop tart. He waltzes up to me and snaps his fingers, the second time successful at snatching me from my thoughts. \"Where's your head at, brother?\" I simply shake it, not even knowing where I zoned out to this time. I have a habit of doing that. Martin instructs me to sit up straight while I'm eating. I'm feeling lazy, but I follow his orders. I want to make a good first impression when I finally meet her. 52 minutes… I decide to just go around and wish everyone I see a merry christmas. I've already devoured mos of the buffet table and I'm kind of full, meaning dancing again is also currently off of my agenda. It's all I can really do to enjoy the rest of the party. I even walk up to the DJ booth and wish her a Merry Christmas. She thanks me before informing me that the DJ booth in for anyone to use. I ask for a turn and see he nod in approval. So she finishes her song before leaving the booth and dancing to my choice of music. 35 minutes… I'm still in the DJ booth. Nobody else has asked to take over. I guess I have a really good taste in music, eh? I've heard plenty of non-christmas songs over the course of the night, so I decide to follow the trend and set of Nickelback's \"Photograph\" for the crowd to sing along to on the dance floor. Martin and Hazel run up to me. \"Hey, the party ends in about 20 minutes, what does your watch say?\" Martin asks. He and Hazel stare intently at me as I unravel my sleeve and reveal the numbers. A frown spreads across my face as it dawns on me that she might not even be here. \"35 minutes…\" I roll my sleeve back up and turn back to the DJ booth. I add one last song to the queue before walking slowly over to a set of empty tables. My eyes begin to droop as I watch the dancing happen in front of me. Before I even know it, my head is on the table and I've fallen asleep. 1 minute… My eyes creek open like the gates of heaven. The lights have gone out, the music has ceased and everyone has left. I wipe my eyes and push myself off the table before walking over to the front door of the building. As I squint into the darkness, I see a figure running down the road. My eyes divert to my watch. 30 seconds left! I lock eyes with the woman at the end of the road for a second before the two of us run for each other. He red gown flares out behind her, blazing a trail. We get nearer and nearer and the seconds tick away. Boom! A loud gunshot ricochets around the street as a sniper bullet rips into my soulmate's side. She clutches at the hole in her body and falls to the tarmac of the icy road. I speed up my run and try to make it to her in time. I raise my wrist to my face and see the numbers still trickling away. As long as the clock is running, she is still alive. 0 seconds... I reach her limp body, lying in a pool of her own blood. Both our watches hit zero fall off of our wrists, leaving scars where they had once been. I rest her head in my lap and gaze into her eyes. She was an Asian girl, with smooth skin and beautiful hair. We rest our sights on each other before she finally gives in to the blood loss. No more breath... No more pulse... No more life... The man who shot her walks up, the rifle slung over his shoulder. \"She borrowed $600 to pay for that dress, and she brought it purely because she was excited to meet you\" He kneels down beside me. \"She had to pay me back by tonight, but I guess she just couldn't\" A single tear falls from my eye and drops into her blood. \"I'm sorry, it's nothing personal. It's just business\" He settles a pistol on the ground next to me before slinging his rifle over his back and walking off. I pick up the smaller gun in my hands before picking up my stopwatch, now covered in blood and displaying a name where the numbers had once been. \"Raelyn…\" I mutter to myself, more tears forming in my eyes. \"So that was her name?\" I slowly raise the metallic object in my hand up to my temple and shut my eyes. \"I'm coming Raelyn…\" The second gunshot that night reverberates around Phoenix-Drop Avenue as I lie down dead next to my one and only. No more breath... No more pulse... No more life… ","Summary":" You're familiar with the term \"Soul Mate\" right? Well have you ever wondered who yours might be? "},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"Character","Author":"grandSolovey","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9639900","Passage":"[Chapter 1] From the first day he started swinging his weight around on the streets, Fortis had an air of mystery about him. The rest of his name, where he came from and how, where he could afford his suits, what the hell he was doing in a shithole like Dayton — nobody knew any of these things, and anyone who claimed to was either lying or a victim of wishful thinking. He was young when he first made his name known, younger than most who assert any claim over criminal offices, young enough that his clock hadn't even kicked off yet. But he was always just violent enough, just crazy enough, just savvy enough to get what he wanted, and all of that together made him more than enough of a character to get what he wanted with little challenge and no questions asked. Raymond, on the other hand, was something of the opposite. Anyone who'd lived in Dayton for any length of time could read him like a book: always on the streets for a lack of something worth going home to, ready to get into trouble and just as ready to snake out of it for a lack of anything better to do, and always ready with more than just a snappy comeback to whoever felt like saying something about it. None of these made him unique among the other kids his age; if anything, they did damn near the opposite. What did make him unique, even if only in the slightest way, was his skill of observation — or, to put it another way, his ability to see through the screen of bullshit Fortis had layered around himself. The man's accent was never quite the same from one day to the next. He'd wear the same suit for days in a row, until it ripped or frayed or got too dingy. He'd talk a big game but back down at the first show of any real threat, at least until he had a clear shot to knife that threat right in the back. It didn't take much time or wits or influence to hold domain over the already poor and downtrodden citizens of Dayton, but anything beyond that would be too much for him to handle, at least not without getting his teeth kicked in a time or two. In a way, he was just as trapped in the time zone as anyone else was. But one difference marked him apart from just anyone else: rather than lamenting over his lot, he reveled in it, and that was what allowed him to triumph over anyone else who wanted what he'd already won. The fact that he could see through his bullshit marked Ray apart in another way, as it meant he wasn't willing to take any of it either — at least not as much as could safely be done, anyway. As it turned out, there was no surer way of attracting Fortis's attention. Of course, it took more than that to hold his attention. As long as it kept him on the safe side of things, Raymond wasn't exactly unwilling to oblige, though safety was hardly his only motivation. Fortis was an opportunistic sort, so Ray quickly got used to being rutted against the walls of darkened alleys or unoccupied back rooms. Not that he'd ever have cause to complain, not even when Fortis played the game a bit more dangerously than usual. Once Fortis had broken a kiss by pressing a straight razor to the side of Ray's face. He didn't think to question why he was doing it, or why he even had it on him. This was Fortis, after all. \"You trust me, yeah?\" His accent was getting steadier. Give him a few decades and maybe no one would know any better; not that many people knew any better now, anyway. But that could only be true because a few decades from now, Ray knew Fortis would be in exactly the same position, doing exactly the same business he was doing now. He couldn't be so sure when it came to himself. Raymond didn't envy him for it, though. He never did, and he never would. He had long gotten used to keeping a level head under high pressure, but he never exactly imagined he'd have to do so literally. He wouldn't allow himself to break eye contact with Fortis, not even with that blade against his skin. \"Sure I do.\" Answering in the positive was a gamble, but no greater gamble than answering in the negative. In a situation like this, dealing with a man like this, just about any move was a gamble. The only way to predict Fortis with any accuracy was to account for his unpredictability. For his part, Fortis only grinned, that lazy yet sharp-edged grin that only he could pull off, with a slight twitch at the corner of his lips that made it even more unreadable than usual. He drew the razor away, just long enough for Ray to drop his guard — just far enough for Fortis to flick it back at his face without any warning, catching the cheekbone just below his left eye. Ray might have shouted, cursed, or done anything else if he didn't know any better, or if Fortis hadn't been so quick to shove him even harder against the wall with the press of his body and a rough hand in his hair. He tossed the razor aside, the razor that had likely cost him quite a bit of time, in favor of sliding his hand over Raymond's face, thumb rubbing over the cut until it was smeared with blood. \"Big mistake.\" There was no predicting or outfoxing a man who lived only in bluffs, much less one who was so set on becoming the character he had built around himself. Maybe there was no character — maybe the bullshit wasn't there, and that was really him, had always been him through and through — but that simple fact was the same regardless. All there was for Raymond to do was to survive. ","Summary":" From the first day he started swinging his weight around on the streets, Fortis had an air of myste"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"The Secret Life of Fortis","Author":"wishesfordecember","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8352868","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Secret Life of Fortis (AN: Hey guys, so I just watched the movie \"In Time\" and really enjoyed it. I thought it was a really interesting concept. I got an idea for a short fanfic; its about Fortis who is played by Alex Pettyfer in the movie. ;) Enjoy, and don't forget to R&R;!) \"Fort...Fortis!\" \"What?\" He screamed, turning around to face her. His features softened once he saw the look on her face. \"What?\" \"I don't get it Fort. Why are you doing this?...Killing innocent people...Children.\" Fortuna asked. She didn't understand; she never would. \"Tunie, I'm doing this for us. We need this.\" \"We don't Fort. We could get out of here, make a name for ourselves. Get jobs, good ones too. We could work our way up. All the way up to Grenich.\" She had that starry look in her eyes. She did this every time he went out on one of his sprees, his minute men minions never far behind. He replied to her the same as he always has. \"It's in my blood Fortuna. I was destined for this since the day I was born, just like the people in Grenich were destined for immortality.\" \"We could change that though! We could-\" She started but he cut her off. \"We could do a lot of things my love.\" \"I dream of getting out of here. It's not good for us, for you.\" She said, stressing her point, getting worked up. \"And that's why I love you; you're a dreamer, it's to be admired. Maybe a bit naive, but admirable none the less.\" He stated, unintentionally condescending. He kissed her forehead and started towards the door, but she grabbed his hand before he could leave. \"You don't have to do this.\" She said. He met her eyes, which were moistening with each passing second. \"Those people would do the same to me if they got the chance.\" He spat. \"You don't know that Fort. What about me, huh? You spared me, why am I so different?\" She asked inquisitively. He was stumped for once. \"Because...Because you're...You.\" She sighed knowing nothing she said could change his mind, at least not currently. He peered down at her hand before looking at her in alarm. She had ten minutes left. \"Tunie, do you ever check how much time you have? You ask why we can't just leave? This is why. Because you're careless.\" He told her harshly. He grabbed her wrist and gave her another day. She looked down at her shoes. \"Thanks.\" \"Don't waste my time again Tunie.\" \"Stop talking to me like a child Fortis. You act as if it's my fault.\" She countered. \"It is! You never check your watch! If you died...ran out of time...Tune...I can't. I can't bear the thought of you not being with me anymore.\" He softened for the second time that night. \"Ok, I'm sorry. I'll be better about checking my watch.\" She replied stubbornly. \"Good.\" \"So...I'll see you tonight, yeah?\" She asked, changing subjects. \"Yeah.\" She sighed again. \"Fort...\" \"Sorry. I just...hate when you get so upset with me.\" \"I could say the same for you.\" \"Ok, ok. You're right. I'll try to be more understanding.\" He smiled, looking down at her. \"You're going to have to be.\" She smiled back, one hand on the back of his neck, the other on her stomach. He placed a hand near hers on her stomach, feeling a soft kick. \"Yes, I will.\" He gave her a kiss, which she lovingly returned. \"Try to get home as soon as you can, I'm making your favorite tonight.\" She called as he walked out the door. He peeked his head back in. \"Can't wait.\" And with a wink he was gone. That was the last time Fortuna would ever see her husband, the minute man gone lover. He would be killed that night by a man named Will Salas, who Fortis' unborn son would grow up to hate, becoming a minute man himself. His only mission? Kill Will. (AN: So...Hope you liked it! I may do another ff with his son, but I doubt it unless people really want me to. R&R;!) ","Summary":" The Secret Life of Fortis (AN: Hey guys, so I just watched the movie \"In Time\" and really enjoyed"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"All of our Time","Author":"spiderwebkftam","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8632174","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bradley The day my clock started was chaos. The jolt knocked me off the couch. I rolled over onto my back and groaned. \"Lacey, please five more minutes? I promise I won't miss the bus just-\" Out of the corner of my eye I caught this movement on my arm. It was green. The numbers were moving. \"LACEY!\" I stumbled to my feet and into the hallway. \"LACEY!\" \"Brad! Shut up. It's 6 in the morning.\" my sister screamed from her room \"Why the fuck are-\" \"LACEY!\" \"SHUT UP, MORON!\" Lacey's evil jock boyfriend, Mark, yelled and wrenched the door open. I burst in and flung my arms wide. \"LOOK!\" 0000:51:06:23:58:47 \"Oh my god!,\" Lacey gasped and covered her mouth. \"What the fuck...\" Mark muttered. Five minutes later, we had calmed down and were sitting at the breakfast table. None of us said a word as we watch the year tick away on my arm. \"Why is this happening, Lacey.\" I whispered. \"I don't know, they can't do that. It's illegal, you're too young.\" Lacey whined. \"That's a year. A fucking year.\" Mark mumbled. \"What? Mark? Mark what are you thinking about?\" Lacey searched Mark's face. Mark stood up. \"Sit down Mark!\" \"I have 2 days, Lace. You have less. This fucking waste of space has a year. I say we take it.\" \"What? You can't do that! I'm 15!\" I stood up as well and started to back out. \"John! It's a glitch, we'll call the timekeepers, they will fix it.\" Lacey pleaded. \"WE NEED THAT YEAR!\" \"IF YOU TAKE IT, WE'LL GO TO PRISON.\" \"SHUT UP!\" They both sat down and stared at me, eyes wide, mouth agape. \"This is MY year. It's mine. I won't -\" My right cheek burst into flames as Mark slammed it into the table. \"MARK! STOP!\" Lacey screamed from the kitchen where she had run for her life. I scrambled backwards, blinded by blood in my right eye. I felt Mark's foot connect with my stomach sending me into the wall. I felt his hand grab my arm and waited for the end. CLANG Mark let go of my arm and slid to the floor. Lacey stood above him with a frying pan. \"Get out of here, Brad. Go to Leo's or something. Just go.\" \"Come with me.\" \"No.\" \"LACEY COME WITH ME!\" I felt tears stream down my face. \"I can't, Brad. You know I love him.\" We both looked at his limp form. I let out a curse. \"Here.\" I grabbed Lacey's arm and gave her a month. \"Don't let him have a second of that, ok? Don't you dare.\" \"Get out of here, Brad.\" Lacey slid to the floor and started to cry. She never liked me to see her cry. \"I love you, Lac-\" \"FUCK OFF, OK!?\" I stared at her, then turned and ran out of the door. ","Summary":" Bradley The day my clock started was chaos. The jolt knocked me off the couch. I rolled over onto m"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"un joven alcanza zona costo temporal greenwich","Author":"jer35mx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11743342","Passage":"[Chapter 1] cerca del amanecer en uno de los sectores económicos o de riqueza de la ciudad dos hombres esperan, mientras en una gran residencia un hijo saluda en despedida a su padre y camina volteando a el automóvil que le espera y voltea de repente a ver las nubes, respira profundo y continúa caminando hasta entrar por la puerta del automóvil, no dice nada pero piensa *a nueva greenwich*; en otro sector horario o de costo cambiario de tiempo, a la hora que el joven debería de estar ya gastando o gozando el lujo y los lujos de nueva greenwich, la zona de costo temporal mas alto, una mujer se toma unas fotoimágenes en poca ropa o de nadar o de dormitorio en el capó amplio de un automóvil del mismo modelo en el que alguien le había patrocinado un día en nueva greenwich, un lugar al que había llegado, una mujer de varias décadas con la apariencia de una mujer de veinticinco, después *ahora, unas fotos de el resto de tiempo variable y holgado*. en una pista de sinuosos laberintos, dos hombres y dos mujeres manipulan los controles remotos de helicópteros miniatura que observan desde un piso mas arriba de la altura permitida para durante la competencia, un joven ha ganado dos de las últimas tres competencias , un poco o mucho mas que juego, ya que se podría apostar o premiar y castigar hasta cualquier límite de sus tiempos de vida extra veinticinco años, pero que los competidores lo habían limitado a diez minutos por derrota y entonces el helicóptero de ese joven aparece en el último tramo y cruza la meta y entonces sube como con la música de triunfo, selección de cada competidor y pasa frente a todos y se detiene frente a una de las mujeres que se inclina y voltea mostrandole su copa otra vez sostenida mostrandole el dedo medio pero mostrando una gran sonrisa y un gran escote, el joven había notado el detalle, aunque pensaba en tomarlo con precaución, pero para el era proyecto de velada; después del crepúsculo amandine observa por la ventana el vehículo de las fotos y ve hacia el cielo estrellado y empieza a buscar para contar naves espaciales, aviones o satélites mientras piensa en la música de zaratustra de la película del libro que esta leyendo \"2001\", amandine piensa *¿qué música era la de \"2010\"?*, y recordo de el gusano de el satelite de el gran planeta y de el planetoide. amandine esta hablando por el teléfono, es aún la noche que le dejaron el automóvil pero mas tarde y le llamo a un amigo que sabía que cruzaba las zonas temporarias y le aseguraba que ella había tenido suerte y contaba con el respaldo monetario temporal para cruzar y visitar a la amiga en común, que era una rareza para los que habían vivido en la cuadra; amandine esta en el asiento del conductor y su amigo la ve cargar unos sesenta días de tiempo-efectivo a el aparato de el automóvil, después amandine se pone unos lentes que están transparentes en el vehículo y que se obscurecerían si el nivel de luz del sol es muy alto y su amigo le dice \"pues vamos\"; después de un rato de conducir amandine llega a la primera frontera o caseta de cambio de horario y paga la tarifa con su antebrazo y un ligero mohín frunciendo los labios, su amigo le platica un poco de las competencias de tiempo al limite y ella le voltea a ver y sonríe continuándole la platica, alegre un poco porque la platica es así, una contradicción con el tema que están tratando, pero su amigo muestra ser para el tema tan vanal o cínico como ella; después de la última frontera o caseta de cambio de horario amandine observa el campo o construcciones de muy diversos tipos con espacios de tierra o verdes con árboles y llegan a el centro observatorio de la ciudad, ahí busca un lugar en el estacionamiento y amandine deja a su amigo el lugar de conductor y camina en sus shorts y sweter a las grandes puertas, antes de llegar, su amiga abre las puertas y le saluda, le dice \"¿qué haces fuera de la ciudad?\", amandine le contesta \"aunque no lo creas, un tiempo efectivo que me sobra de un amigo me trae a visitarte\", su amiga le medio abraza, y amandine piensa en la frase de el enfermero a el hombre de las mancuernas y voltea a ver a su amiga que parece no tener mas de veinticinco años y piensa en que desde que salio de estudiar esta en trabajos de astronomía. después del mediodía del día siguiente de la competencia de helicópteros la mujer de la copa de vino abre las persianas de la ventana con un botón de la cama, deslumbrada voltea y ve al joven de la competencia y, como en tiempos pasados donde fue frecuente por todos lados poner indicadores de datos biológicos debajo de la piel a veces junto con aparatos como bypass y otros, ve un indicador en su pierna y toma su teléfono al ver que este esta en rojo y llama a un padre; amandine observa en el atardecer una imagen de un tono translucido donde una nave recolecta material de una nube del espacio. ","Summary":" cerca del amanecer en uno de los sectores económicos o de riqueza de la ciudad dos hombres esperan,"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"A Lack Of Time","Author":"Gemmi92","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8431316","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"How much time on you do you have?\" she whispered, sitting behind him on the bed, her arms wrapping around his slim waist as he dropped his head into his hands, sniffing loudly and pushing his black hair from his face as he sat in the darkness, his breathing calming as he allowed her to rest her head on his back in between his shoulder blades. \"A day,\" he whispered to her. \"I get paid tomorrow. I should be fine.\" \"Are you sure?\" she whispered to him, checking her own wrist as he looked down onto the green numbers which stood out against her pale skin and he nodded. He wasn't taking any of her time. She often had less than he did. Much of it was down to her own stubbornness. She informed him that she would pay the bills when they needed paying and it drained her. He told her that he would make up extra shifts at the factory to pay for them, but, she always beat him to it. Life in the ghetto was hard. They both knew that. \"I don't need your time, Georgina,\" he promised, turning his neck to the side as she rested her chin on his shoulder and she kissed his bare skin. \"I'll get a better job soon, I promise.\" \"I don't doubt it,\" she believe him, yawning as he untangled her arms from his waist and he laid back down on the bed, closing his eyes for a second as she remained propped up with her head on her hand. \"You're not going to tell me what the nightmare was about, are you?\" she checked with him and he raised a brow at her, his icy blue eyes finding her brown ones. She didn't need an answer with words. She knew what he was thinking. \"Go back to sleep,\" he instructed her. \"We have a big event tomorrow evening.\" \"We do,\" she agreed, snuggling closer to his side as she felt him stiffen slightly. \"Although, the groom isn't technically supposed to see the bride before the wedding,\" she informed him, draping her arm across his stomach as he wrapped his around her shoulders and chuckled deeply. \"Well, nothing about this wedding is traditional, is it?\" he replied, stroking her dirty blonde hair behind her back as she shrugged awkwardly. \"I invited my sister,\" she informed him. \"You don't mind, do you?\" \"You know what I think about Leila,\" he responded simply and Georgina sighed to herself. Her sister was an acquired taste, she knew that much. She also knew what she did to gain time on the side of her job as a machinist in a sewing factory. She just pretended not to know about. Ignorance in the ghetto was always bliss. \"Do you think we'll ever get out of here?\" she suddenly whispered as he turned the bedside light out. He remained quiet for a second, looking up the dark ceiling in their bedroom as she remained quiet by his side. \"I'll make sure we do,\" he promised her. \"I'll give you the world one day, Georgina...I promise you.\" \"I don't doubt it,\" she grinned, closing her eyes as she allowed herself to fall asleep again. ... \"So, it is your wedding day and you've had to go to work?\" Leila checked with her sister as she met her outside of the small corner shop where she worked. The pay was terrible. The time which she had barely kept her going. She could hardly manage on it. \"You don't get paid enough in there.\" \"It's enough for now,\" Georgina whispered, tucking her curly hair behind her ear. \"Besides, we can't afford to take time off for a lavish wedding. You know that.\" \"You could take a day off,\" Leila responded. \"Although, your fiancé is much too tight with his time to do that, isn't he?\" \"Ray savours what time he has,\" Georgina snapped as she and Leila walked down the streets, keeping their head down until they reached the small little church which had agreed to hold the marriage service. \"We all have to around here.\" \"Tell me about it,\" Leila snorted. \"It's a dog eat dog world. But, it is your wedding day, aren't you nervous?\" \"Terrified,\" Georgina managed to smile for her sister who grinned back to her. \"I didn't think I'd be nervous, but, it is a big thing, isn't it?\" \"To a guy as dull as Leon?\" she checked and nodded. \"It most certainly is.\" \"Leila, can you lay off him?\" \"Can he stop judging me?\" \"Will you stop with the prostitution?\" she snapped back and Leila looked away, hurt in her eyes as she did so. \"That's not what I do,\" she hissed. \"It is, Leila. We both know it...there are jobs out there...\" \"Like yours?\" she snapped back. \"I know how little you make! I know how you live each day as if it is your last. I need some stability...I've got three days on the clock. How long do you have?\" \"One,\" she whispered and Leila gave her a smug look as she stood in front of her outside the church, taking in the small, white dress which she wore and she shook her head. \"I love you, Georg,\" she promised. \"I just hope that you're making the right decision in marrying Leon.\" \"I am.\" \"Good, because divorce is ridiculous time these days,\" Leila joked and Georgina rolled her eyes, taking a deep breath as Leila handed her a small bouquet of flowers and kissed her on the cheek. \"You look amazing.\" \"I really don't,\" she replied as Leila winked once. \"It isn't about the dress, that's what you told me, remember?\" \"It's about the man you're going to marry,\" Georgina confirmed. ... Raymond Leon wasn't an emotional man. He wasn't the type of man who even shed a tear when bad news had been broken to him. He allowed his emotions to get the better of him sometimes. Anger and fear were inside of him. All because of where he lived. But, as soon as he saw his fiancée walking down the aisle, he felt serenity. He watched the way she continued to smile over at him, the flowers held in her hands by her laced white dress. He'd managed to borrow a simple suit. It had cost him four hours overtime, but, he wanted to make some kind of an effort. Leila took her seat behind Georgina as Leon pecked her on the cheek, taking hold of her hand as the ceremony began. \"How does it feel to be Mrs Leon?\" he enquired from her as soon as they returned home that evening and sat on the sofa, curled against each other. \"As good as I had hoped for,\" she promised and he kissed her swiftly on the top of her head. \"I'm also thankful that you didn't rip my sister apart tonight.\" \"The meal was nice and she did pay for it,\" Leon grumbled. He hated that too. He detested not being able to pay for things. She didn't deserve to pay for it. The way she got her money wasn't worthy of being used. \"It was her gift,\" Georgina excused her sister. \"Hm,\" Leon simply groaned. \"What time is it?\" \"Half past eleven,\" Georgina said as Leon stood up, wrapping his arm around her waist and dragging her up with him, pulling her into his arms as she squealed once and he looked down to her, a grin playing on his features as he did so. \"I think it is time to make you the proper Mrs Leon,\" he suggested before Georgina stretched to kiss him. \"I think that I would like that.\" ... Leon was working late. He had phoned to tell Georgina that his shift had been extended to eleven at the factory and she sighed once, agreeing that it wasn't an issue as she checked the green digits on her arm. Two hours. She knew that she needed to pay the loan back on the electric bill they had to borrow money for. As soon as she finished her shift in the corner shop, she bid the workers goodnight, shrugging into her simple black coat and buttoning it to her neck, walking quickly through the streets to the loan shop as her heels clicked against the concrete. Leon would have had a fit if he knew she was wandering the streets at night. He preferred for her to go straight back to the apartment which was around the corner from the shop where she worked. He had assured her that he could take care of himself whenever she worried for him. She just bit her lip and shook her head. Georgina checked her time again, seeing the two hours had disappeared to an hour and forty five as she upped her pace. She had been in this situation before, but, she still worried. She didn't want to die there. She wanted to get out of the ghetto. She wanted to go to New Greenwich. She wanted to be with Leon amongst the ranks of the rich who had nothing to fear. Her thoughts consumed her as she heard the smashing noise from down an alleyway and she jumped back, looking around and continuing her movements until she felt a sudden tug on the back of her coat. \"How much time?\" someone snapped at her and she screamed loudly, only to have his hand clamp over her mouth. He backed her up against the wall, rolling her sleeve up as she looked at the green digits on his arm. Three minutes. \"No!\" she snapped at him through his hand as he took hold of her wrist, the smell of something strong coming from him as Georgina thought against him, seeing her time disappear as she felt panic rise up in her body. \"Thanks,\" he spoke quickly, slamming her body back against the brick wall as she gasped for breath and he ran off into the night. She checked the time on her wrist and felt her heat beat quicken. Twenty minutes. Georgina began to run through the streets, looking anywhere she could for anyone who could help her. She noted a shop begin to shut as she rushed to it, slamming against the metal shutters. \"Please!\" She cried out. \"Please! Help me!\" But, that was the issue in the ghetto. No one helped you when you were almost out of time. Georgina pushed her hand through her hair, seeing the small telephone box which sat on the corner of the street as she ran to it. She needed Raymond. He had three days on his clock after his day at work. She needed him. \"Deposit one minute,\" the voice instructed her as she held her arm into the small silver opening and began to dial for the number of his work. As soon as she reached the factory, she begged them to put Leon on. It took another minute before they did. \"Raymond!\" she snapped out. \"I need help! I've...someone robbed my time...I've got fifteen minutes...\" \"Where are you?\" he asked her, his voice tight and worried. \"I'm on fifth block street...ten minutes from your factory.\" \"Hang on and meet me on sixth, do you understand me?\" he checked quickly with her and she nodded, tears filling in her eyes. \"Yes,\" she hung up on him and began to run down the streets. She knew she wasn't getting far in her dammed heels and she quickly kicked them off her feet, not caring about the holes which began to form in her tights as she ran as fast as he legs permitted her. He'd get to her. She knew he would get to her. She finally approached sixth, looking around in the darkened street for a sign of him as she looked at the green digits. Two minutes left. \"Raymond!\" Georgina screeched his name as she continued to run, hoping to meet him as she took another street and he still wasn't there. \"Raymond! Ray!\" She knew it was going to be too late as the clock ticked down to thirty seconds and the sobs began to fill her voice, breaking her down as she looked around, crying hysterically for him. \"Georgina!\" his voice suddenly snapped and she whirled around, seeing him running down the street as she launched herself to him. \"Georgina...hold on...I'm here...I'm here!\" And then she stopped running. Raymond continued to go, his feet hitting the concrete as hard as he could as he saw her crumble to the ground, her body turning limp and he dropped to his knees beside her, his hands clutching onto her wrist as he saw the dull, grey numbers and he pulled her body upwards, resting her in his lap as he did so. \"Georgie,\" he whispered, stroking her blonde hair from her face as he looked at his own clock. \"Georg...I'm so sorry...I'm so sorry...\" He didn't know how long he stayed there with her, simply sobbing to himself and holding her body close to his, wishing he had been quicker, wishing he had gotten her out of there like he had promised. ... \"Street cameras,\" Leon snapped to himself, shaking his own head and chewing on the piece of gum which sat in his mouth as he looked around the storm water channel and ignored the other men beside him. He often wondered why he bothered with working in a team. They never noticed anything. He didn't particularly like being in the storm water channel. There were too many memories in the ghetto for him. Even after his fifty years on the job he knew if he went back he'd never be the same again. He'd gotten out. He'd left and devoted his life to his job, knowing it was the only thing to do to numb the pain which he felt. As he walked away, he heard her shrill voice call out to him and he winced. \"Hey, Ray!\" she yelled. \"I'll give you ten minutes for an hour!\" He looked across the gap of water, seeing the woman stood there in her scantily clad dress and he shook his head, forcing a sarcastic smile onto his face as he did so. \"Go home, Leila,\" he instructed her. \"You must be pushing on sixty now!\" \"Not even for Georgina?\" she called across and Leon's smile dropped from his face as he looked at the men who were staring at him, wondering what she was on about. Leon's hand dropped down the golden band on his finger as he found shallow water to move himself across to her side as she looked at him in his leather gear, rolling her eyes and raising a brow. \"Leather is so last year,\" she informed him. \"So is selling your body,\" he retorted. \"What would Georgina say?\" \"She's been gone for seventy years, Leon,\" she reminded him. \"You need to loosen up a bit.\" \"And you need to stop offering yourself to the next man who comes along,\" he informed her. \"Maybe if Georgina had tried it then she'd still be alive today.\" \"Don't you dare talk about her like that!\" Leon snapped at her and she shrugged nonchalantly. \"Why not? She's gone and I'm not. I don't see why you're bothered. You got what you always wanted. You got yourself out of this place,\" she informed him and he shook his head quickly. \"I'd have stayed in that place if it meant keeping her alive,\" he assured her. \"Make no mistake about that.\" Leila remained silent, watching as Leon walked away from her and slammed the door shut to his car and she turned around, continuing looking for business. Time was all that mattered. Without it, people were torn apart. ","Summary":" \"How much time on you do you have?\" she whispered, sitting behind him on the bed, her arms wrappi"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"You almost missed your call","Author":"Nikita Lann","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8403450","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" You almost missed your call\" Sylvia W./ Will S. Tout Public Romance Disclaimer : Je ne sais pas trop à qui va le disclaimer, mais disons que c'est Andrew Niccol qui le récupère =) Dans tous les cas, ce film est un petit chef d'œuvre. Bien moins bon que Bienvenue à Gattaca , peut-être un chouïa commercial, il n'empêche qu'il restera une révélation pour moi ) Note : Ecrit en cours de philo, je ne garantis pas le résultat ;) J'espère qu'il vous plaira ! Oh et je suis à la recherche d'une bêta ! A bon entendeur 8P « You almost missed your call » Sylvia tournoyait, immobile. Elle évoluait dans la société des immortels. Elle décorait l'espace, figée. Belle, jeune, mordante, une superbe montre à huit chiffres au poignet. Depuis ce sursaut qui l'avait brutalement tirée du sommeil, depuis l'instant où son temps s'était activé, elle s'était statufiée. L'ironie de cette réalité ne lui avait pas immédiatement sauté au visage mais elle avait bel et bien passé son enfance à s'impatienter d'entamer la fin de son existence. Au fond d'elle-même, la rebelle sommeillait pourtant. Elle n'osait pas prendre les vrais risques, ceux qui risquaient de lui faire perdre cette vie qu'elle exécrait, alors elle se vengeait sur son père, avec son comportement à la frontière entre provocation et indécence, ses frasques, qui consistaient à dépenser tout le temps qu'elle pouvait, avant d'aller en extorquer de nouveau ; elle essayait d'échapper à sa prison dorée. Déjà enfant, elle avait pris l'habitude de se cacher de ses gardes du corps. Son père récompensait toujours ses incartades d'une froide réprimande que sa mère adoucissait en la serrant ensuite dans une étreinte compatissante. Déjà elle aurait dû comprendre à quel point l'existence qu'on lui avait promise était une bénédiction insensée. Un morceau d'enfer déguisé sous une apparence de paradis. Depuis deux longues années, sa vie se morcelait entre la ville, les grandes soirées, le jeu et fermer les yeux tant sur la réalité que sur son engourdissement fatal. Alors elle dansait. Tournait. Pour croire qu'elle continuait de vivre. Et puis, un matin, elle avait vu un homme courir. Elle n'avait jamais vu un homme courir ailleurs qu'à la télévision. Un étrange sentiment s'était emparé d'elle, une déferlante de curiosité une curiosité qui l'avait grignotée, d'abord, tandis qu'elle le suivait et observait ses mouvements rapides, comme motivés par une urgence latente. Sylvia ne connaissait pas l'urgence. Elle ne l'avait jamais connue et ne la connaitrait probablement jamais. Puis elle l'avait reconnu, en face de son père, plein d'une assurance fascinante, dégageant une aura tellement différente de celle des gens qui l'entouraient qu'elle avait du mal à détourner le regard. Elle avait cru que la situation ne pourrait pas lui échapper, pas plus que cela. Elle avait tort : lorsque le décompte des secondes commença sur le poignet du mystérieux inconnu, son cœur s'arrêta. Son cœur immortel, au battement régulier, assuré, s'était figé. Et, sans qu'elle en comprenne la raison, son monde se remit en mouvement. L'affamée curiosité la dévora toute entière. Will la fit tournoyer sur la piste de danse et se sentir en vie. Il la poussa à plonger dans l'eau glacée, et la peur laissa place à l'excitation. Le sourire qu'ils échangèrent dans le couloir, le délice du secret, la satisfaction d'échapper à son père, même pour une seconde, et les deux années passées, engluées dans la mélasse du quotidien s'effacèrent en un instant. Le temps recommençait à avancer, comme lorsqu'elle était enfant. Elle jouait, riait… … La bulle de joie euphorique qui s'était emparée d'elle éclata lorsqu'il colla le canon dur et froid de son arme contre sa tempe. Dans la voiture, tandis qu'elle s'éloignait de son univers, de sa sécurité, elle pressentait au fond d'elle-même que c'était quelque part une chose qu'elle avait toujours attendu : fuir, quitter les paillettes, les diamants, la frivolité de la superficialité pour sauter de la falaise. La vitesse fouettait son visage. Qu'elle était déçue que sa délivrance ait pris l'apparence d'un criminel ! Elle ne parvenait toutefois pas à dépasser le stade de l'appréhension. Elle savait qu'il ne lui ferait pas de mal. Pas… vraiment. Elle était juste profondément déçue et furieuse contre elle-même de s'être laissée abuser. Sylvia découvrit le ghetto avec un peu plus de craintes : le voyage prenait un tour beaucoup plus réel, beaucoup plus précaire. Et comme pour lui donner raison, à peine la pensée avait traversé son esprit que la voiture s'écrasait sous le pont. Elle sombra dans les ténèbres. ... Jamais elle n'avait ressenti une telle panique. Jamais. Pour la simple et bonne réponse qu'elle n'avait jamais regardé sa montre. Elle avait du temps. Elle avait toujours eu du temps. Elle n'en avait plus. Le calme de Will la perturbait plus encore que sa propre angoisse. Personne ne devrait être calme avec moins d'une journée au compteur. Elle allait mourir. Payer le prix de son insolence, de ses rêves stupides. Et puis… elle se mit à courir. L'impression était étrange. Elle ne s'était jamais sentie si mal en se sentant si bien. Le souffle lui manquait, son cœur se heurtait contre sa poitrine… mais elle se sentait vivante. Elle avait pleinement conscience de son corps, conscience du temps qui s'écoulait sur son poignet, conscience du vent qui hurlait à ses oreilles, conscience de la chaleur qui émanait de la main de Will, de sa carotide palpitante au creux de son cou. La peur reflua. Elle restait là, latente, tapie, prête à resurgir, mais elle avait laissé place à l'esprit aventureux, avide de nouvelles expériences. Prêt à dévorer cette vie qui s'était fait attendre. Elle n'aurait jamais cru quelques heures auparavant qu'elle pourrait connaître une montre avec un seul jour au compteur. Encore moins qu'elle se sentirait rassurée à cette idée. Encore moins qu'elle dormirait dans le ghetto, sauverait son kidnappeur après l'avoir embrassé de toute son âme, que son père l'abandonnerait à son sort, qu'elle se remettrait à courir et aimerait autant cela, tirerait sur un contrôleur de temps, volerait son propre père d'un millions d'années et deviendrait la criminelle la plus recherchée de son monde. Jamais Sylvia Weiss n'aurait pu imaginer à quel point elle aimerait cette vie de fuite et l'homme qui l'y avait entraîné. Alors oui, songea-t-elle lorsque, dans un sourire amusé, Will murmura qu'elle avait presque manqué sa vocation. Et ce presque, elle le lui devait à lui, qui l'avait tirée de son ennui, l'avait poussée dans ses derniers retranchements, l'avait fait se découvrir elle-même. Lui qui l'avait prise par la main et l'avait fait courir. En se tournant vers l'immense banque du temps, Will à ses côtés, pleine de la sensation de faire justice, l'adrénaline se propageant dans son corps, elle n'avait plus peur. Elle avait oublié sa montre. Elle vivait au rythme de son cœur. Qu'en avez-vous pensé ? ","Summary":" \" You almost missed your call\" Sylvia W./ Will S. Tout Public Romance Disclaimer : Je ne sais pas"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"When Time Stands Still","Author":"kingpegg","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8765192","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Just something I came up with after I saw the movie. I wanted to know more about Timekeeper Leon's past so I concocted a little something that seemed interesting enough. I do hope you like it! It's been sitting in my notebook for a year, it's about time I uploaded. He had always been watching her. He saw her every time he passed that place. More like, he passed that place to watch her every time... \"Hey...hello? Are you okay? Hello?...\" Christ I killed her... The eyes of the girl lying on the road were slowly opening. The timekeeper breathed a sigh of relief. He had been too busy looking for her as he drove- but ran right into her instead. Just a flash of red. That hair...and that dress. She had been running you see. She had about four minutes left...three...then two... She bolted upright and threw her arm up- five days. \"What?-\" \"I umm...should have been paying more attention...it's the least I could do\" said the timekeeper. She looked at him incredulously. \"You're crazy. Seriously though, you shouldn't have- \"she paused and began to get up. \"Wait I know you….you're that timeke- OW! For God's sake!\" The timekeeper grabbed her before she could fall over. \"Here…let me.\" He put his arms around her, letter her lean on him. She was taller than he thought she would be and her face wasn't as perfect as it had been from afar, but he found himself intrigued nonetheless. Hopefully his heart wasn't pounding as hard as he thought it was. \"Please,\" she said. \"I don't need your help. You've done all you can and we really shouldn't be here like this at all. I mean I don't really- \" \"You don't really trust me\" he interjected. She shrugged and looked up at his face. His dark brown hair was slicked back, and his eyes looked so…weary. Like he'd lived through enough pain. So was the life of a timekeeper. \"My name is Raymond Leon. That's all I can really tell you though.\" She looked around at the alley they were in. if anyone saw them, lord knows what they would think. \"Fine. Let's just get out of here.\" He helped her to his car and asked where she was going. \"West. There's nothing left here for me anymore.\" His eyes flicked over at her. He wasn't planning on coming back anymore either. She sat in the passenger seat and looked up at him with her glistening eyes. A huge smile spread across her face. All he could do was stare back. He should just leave her there and go. But he couldn't. Not to her. \"Why are you helping me?\" she asked. \"You don't remember me do you.\" \"We've met before haven't we….\" she said. He gave her a smile. \"Something like that.\" Raymond turned the key in the ignition. \"Fuck\" he said as he got out of the car, and went to the other side. \"What are you doing?\" \"The engine's shot. We have to get out of the street, the sun's going down.\" He pulled her out of the car and down the street. \"There's a pipeway about a mile down. We can hide there for the night.\" The long tunnels that were the pipelines had been dry for years. They crawled through to the end that was covered in shadows and stopped. \"It's not safe out there during the night\" said Raymond. \"Especially for a timekeeper who's all alone\" she added. He sighed and said nothing. \"Mr. Leon, how do you expect to get the girl without even trying?\" Raymond's eyes widened and he turned to her. \"What do you mean?\" \"You look lonely, and I can see that….You're thinking about her.\" Raymond shook his head. \"Doesn't matter. I'm a timekeeper. I can't drag anyone down with me. I made that choice a long time ago. \"Then what's the point of living forever?\" Suddenly shouts were heard at the end of the tunnel. Male voices. Yelling. Gunshots. Leon looked over at her. He could see fear in her eyes. \"Leon brought her head close to his chest. He took his long black coat and covered them both so they wouldn't be seen. She looked up into his eyes and he couldn't bare it. His mind flashed back to years ago. Before his clock started. Her bright smile and kindness was more than anyone had offered him. She was younger then, but it didn't matter. After all this time, she was finally right in front of him. He leaned in and pressed his lips against hers. He didn't care anymore. About whether he was coming or going….he finally had her. At least for the moment. End. Please review! This story is really open ended, so you can imagine who you want and what they were for yourself. That's one of the reasons I see a lot of people don't really like OC's that much. Because it's someone else's creation and may not be who you see the character liking really. So I hope this was satisfactory :) ","Summary":" Author's Note: Just something I came up with after I saw the movie. I wanted to know more about Tim"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"The secret love of a Timekeeper","Author":"Shergirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9042918","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Time keeper Leon sat at his desk, hands in his hair and his face flat on the desk. One of his colleague, Timekeeper Ellini, passed by and laid a hand on his shoulder. - Are you feeling okay? When he did not respond and did not move, panicked, the woman looked at his clock she sighed in relief when she saw he had 24 :50 :01 time left. Was he asleep then ? She shock his soulders and his fingers moved a bit. - Sir? The head time keeper looked up and sighed. - Yes? - I thought you had run out of time, so I was worried sir. - I am fine. I just need my sleep. Shakingly getting up he checked his clock he then nodded to himself and put on his coat. His colleague jumped when she saw small tears on the borders of the eyes of her superior. - I'll go home and rest, okay? I'll be back in an hour or so call me if there is anything that requires my attention, will you? - Yes sir. When he was out of sight, he broke into a run, tears falling freeliy on his palid cheeks. He nearly threw himself in his car and shakingly started it. As he drove away he wiped his tears away angrily; he was a grown man, he did not cry over a breakup! That wrecked woman could go to hell for all he cared! He dragged himself to the bed and curled into a tight ball, shutting his eyes close as strongly as he could. His chest hurt like hell and the necklace he wore burned his skin. Love… it is all a lie! He was awoken by his pager; looking at his clock he jumped out of bed when he saw he had slept three hours straight. He answered quickly. - Time Keeper Leon to dispatch. - Time Keeper Leon, I am so sorry to wake you but you have been away for more than three hours and we are worried. Please come back sir! Leon sighed and braced himself, lying through his teeth. - I was not feeling well and I tried to rest a bit before getting you all sick! But in a few minutes I'll be on my way. - Good, because the deputy director wants to see you. - I'll be on my way soon, Time Keeper Ellini. Leon rolled of his bed and cleaned himself up as well as he could, considering his breakdown. He took one hour from his vault and stormed out of his appartment. In ten minutes he arrived and went straight to his desk, ignoring the looks from his colleagues. He busied himself and lost himself in the paper work he purposly left to grow on his desk to avoid blank times. When the time came, he collected his time; his superior had purposly ignored the fact that he had been gone for three hours. When he was almost out of the offices, his superior stopped him on his way. - Yes sir? - I know you were away for three hours. Since it's you you're forgiven. Give me your arm, Leon. With a blank face he held out his arm. He was amazed to see that his boss had given him one more months. - Sir? - You are our best Time Keeper and I know that you wouldn't have left unless you were about to have a breakdown… And tomorrow you'll turn 76. Think of it as an early présent. Now scram, would you old boy? Leon smiled and thanked his boss profusly; he then left to his car. Deciding to grace himslef with a treat, he walked into a shop he liked very much, which sold very beautiful objects at a small, very small price. His eye was caught by a ring, a silver ring with cristals. It was splendid. - How much for that? - 60 minutes sir. - Great I'll take it. Ring size is 52. And no, it's not for a lady. As the shopkeeper prepared the jewlery, he asks him questions about his life. Despite his sadness he still answered with a somewhat warm voice. As he left the shop, he slipped the ring on his left ring finger. It looked really nice. He smiled to himself as he drove home. He found a message on his pager, from his boss; he had to dress nice the next day. Smiling soflty he undressed for bed and slipped on his black pajamas. As he slid under the covers, the face of his ex crossed his mind and he slapped himself as a few tears escaped his eyes. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Time Keeper Leon got up early and remembered the message he had recieved the day before. Stripping down naked, he ran under the shower and and combed his shoulder-lengh hair with his long and thin fingers. He dressed up in black slacks, a silky black shirt that clung to his chest. He put on clean shoes that shone in the dim light in his appartment. As he got ready, he quicly turned his wild hair in a tight braid. He then took some time from his premium in his car and quickly drove to HQ. Right as he pulled into the parking lot, his colleagues were expecting him. He allowed himself a light smile as he exited his cruiser. - Hello gentlemen, Leon said with a smirk. - Ray, happy birthday! - Happy 76 years Sir! All his colleagues congratulated him; soon enough he was on his way to his desk, where he found three boxes wrapped in green, pink and white. The pink one contained 10 weeks. The white one contained a silver bracelet with a clock; on the other side there were the words « Head Time Keeper Leon ». In the green box he did get the chance to know since the giver told him to open it at home. One last colleague arrived, running and offered him a chain made of silver with a pendant made of silver that represented a gun. Leon thanked them profuesly and immediatly put on the chain and the bracelet; he hid it under the armour vest. He put the time he had recieved in his personal belongings with the green, big, heavy present. He then put himself at his desk and began his daily work. His shift was uneventful until 7 p.m. His birthday ended dreadfuly wrong and Raymond Leon would forever remember it. On his 76 birthday, he lost his love. - Dispatch to Time Keeper Leon, said a feminin voice. - Time Keeper Leon to Dispatch, I'm listening. - There is a body that has been found in Dayton near your appartment, at about five miles from there. - I'll go, send some people there. When he arrived on the crime scene he found his colleagues around the body. As soon as he set foot on the crime scene Ellini and Gabrelli joined him and held out two fingers at him. Raymond frowned as he returned the gesture. When he saw the body with the 11 zeros he left like pucking. His knees almost gave up but he stil walked towards the victim even though his heart seemed deafening to him. The victim had long, flowing blond hair, a pale face, blue eyes opened and lifeless. She wore a grey t-shirt, denim shorts, high heeled boots. On her right hand she wore a ring, a pink and golden ring. A horrified cry escaped his lips. - Ariana! ","Summary":" Time keeper Leon sat at his desk, hands in his hair and his face flat on the desk. One of his colle"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"Forgiveness","Author":"Traitor of All Traitors","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9138474","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Creation began on 03-26-13 Creation ended on 03-26-13 In Time Forgiveness A/N: I actually enjoyed the film and can't understand how others couldn't like it. I mean, there was action, romance, a struggle to take down a system that profited off the misery and suffering of others. What I couldn't stand was how some people couldn't be saved. Here's a one-shot! Let's do this! Rachel Salas couldn't believe she was running with very little time on her hands! The fare was raised to two hours and she only had less than an hour left to live. She hoped that Will had at least a few hours on him that she could get until the next day. -x- Will, now blessed with over a century of time on his hands (and after giving his best friend a decade of time because of their decade of friendship), found that his mother wasn't on the bus when it arrived at the stop he was waiting for her at, aiming to get her and himself New Greenwich where they could live a better life than living each day with so little time. He heard some people complaining about how the bus fare was raised to two hours earlier this morning and realized that the raise in fare had to be the reason: If Rachel had finally paid off the debts owed to Weis Time Lenders, then she wouldn't have enough time to pay for the raised fare. Frightened of this revelation, he ran down the street, hoping to find her. Find her and save her before her clock ran out. -x- Rachel had less than three minutes left on her clock…and she was nowhere near home yet. She was going to time out soon, and then Will would be left alone. What am I going to do? She wondered, unsure of how she was going to spend her remaining seconds. \"Mom?!\" She heard a voice call out to her, and she saw Will, running toward her. \"Will!\" She called back, running again, as fast as she could. \"Will!\" \"Mom!\" Will ran faster, and held his arm out. Rachel held out hers, with less than ten seconds left on the clock. Ten…nine…eight…seven…six…five…four…three…two… Will caught her as she fell into his arms, and everything was still for a moment. Time seemed to actually stand still for them. Silence was in the night, the streets were quiet, and only two people were out and about. He looked down at his mother…and exhaled in relief that he had caught her in time, and she now had at least fifty years on her now. \"Mom?\" He spoke up. \"Will,\" she panted, never believing she'd get to him in time. \"Thank you, Will. Thank you.\" -x- They left Dayton the very next day, heading for New Greenwich, to a better life where they wouldn't have to worry much about debts and taxes. In the meanwhile, Borel, with nine years and nine months left after drinking a few beers, went home to use what was left of his decade from Will to take care of his family. He intended to hide the rest of the time for emergencies and give his wife six of the nine remaining years, saving the next eight months for other needs. A/N: Well, this is it…and it fits! I'm sorry, I just had to use a song lyric I liked. Anyway, I hope you enjoy this story and review it. Peace! ","Summary":" Creation began on 03-26-13 Creation ended on 03-26-13 In Time Forgiveness A/N: I actually enjoyed t"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"amandine llega, a la línea rosa de su ciudad","Author":"jer35mx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11722428","Passage":"[Chapter 1] en una calle de la zona 7 de la ciudad, una residencial, una niña cruza una calle y entra en una tienda de venta de abarrotes y empieza a buscar, después de unos minutos se presenta a el vendedor y le deja unas bolsas de alimentos vegetales en el mostrador y saca de su bolsa un aparato de transferencia de datos y espera, el vendedor pone las bolsas en una bolsa mas grande y la pone a un lado, pasa un lector por la bolsa y ve una luz y unas cifras aparecer, entonces lo acerca a otro aparato, suyo, de transferencia y espera, este muestra datos y el vendedor mueve la mano invitando a la niña, amandine, a acercar su aparato, no importándole si es de su padre o madre el contador de el antebrazo que va a ser afectado y le dice \"muy bien, listo\" y le da la bolsa, la niña, como muchas veces, sale y cruza la banqueta y pone un pie en la calle, un auto se esta estacionando y golpea a amandine tirando las bolsas de la bolsa que se rompe, la niña mantiene el equilibrio y de el auto sale una mujer malhumorada, una vecina de amandine y su familia, la cual ve a amandine y pone una sonrisa de apoyo diciendo \"¿estas bien amandine?\", recoge las bolsas, continúa \"estas estan en buen estado\", las toma con una mano y le dice a amandine \"acercáme el aparato amandine\", la mujer espera y le acerca la uña a el aparato oprimiéndolo, luego le acerca el antebrazo y después le aleja el aparato hacia amandine y dice \"me saludas a tus padres, te doy algo de jugo, por el susto, para tu casa\"; la madre de amandine le pregunta y la niña le cuenta y le pide chequear las cifras, su madre le dice \"asiste a la escuela y comprende los cambios sociales económicos que te va a dar el tiempo\", cuando ve que amandine se aleja la madre murmura \"meghan y su descaro, los pagos que recibe, pero, tiempo al tiempo ya no es una opción, ahora es a lo vampiros, unas gotas de jugo de tiempo, una disminución de inmortalidad de acá y un aumento de inmortalidad allá\", y voltea a ver por la ventana, a una videoteca que esta cruzando la calle, y piensa en su biblioteca, y piensa que el siguiente libro sería \"entrevista con el vampiro\" de rice. amandine observa alrededor a través de sus gafas, sentada al lado de una mesa con la pierna cruzada y con una falda larga de pliegues y sin color parece una idea bipolar mostrar sus piernas musculosas y toda su figura bajo la luz solar, pero bipolar es también toda su caracterización, no solo la imagen que vende u ofrece, puesto que lee un libro con una mano que debería destrozarlo y su edad es de 94 años cuando su cuerpo representa unos bien ejercitados 20, y espera, espera que el joven bien vestido termine de hablar, \"sí, es lo que\", \"tengo muchos\", ella espera y pregunta en un momento adecuado \"¿qué edad tienes?,\", amandine sonríe cómplice, \"de verdad, eh, porque yo veo un joven adinerado\" , el se inclina y ella acerca su cara a el antebrazo que el le muestra y ella ve, *varios dígitos, mmm*, el dice \"en confianza, el lugar y el mueble no son problema, y por el tiempo ...\", amandine susurra \"ya vi, ya mi\", y lee algo de lolita, mientras lee decide. en las cuadras que forman el sector de la casa de amandine se protegían contra los fallos de energía eléctrica, un requisito supuesto indispensable de lo planeado cuando se dieron los descubrimientos biológicos de el interrumpimiento del envejecimiento, así que cuando fallo la energía eléctrica por un viento con lluvia en la reunión de amandine obviamente los aparatos de el edificio seguían funcionando sin ser afectadas las bases de datos y todo pasaba con tranquilidad; se oye el avisador de la puerta, un sonido popular, el tema de feliz cumpleaños, y al abrir un amigo parado cerca entra un amigo de la mujer, amandine, muy agitado \"ufff, hay choques de autos y problemas por todas las calles, hay un clima de locos\", el que abrió finge sorpresa y dice \"¿en serio?, aquí solo sabemos que llueve y fuerte\", el que llego dice \"bien, bien, pero espero que los aparatos de la calle se recuperen hasta después de amanecer\", amandine pregunta \"bien, bien, ¿traes el aparato?\", el que llego dice \"¿cuándo he fallado?\", y muestra el aparato telescopio con medidor de tiempo, amandine lo toma y se lo da al joven \"¿y bien?, elige el ventanal, ya sabes, el tiempo que tarde me lo pasas, hay quienes si ven por las ventanas\", el joven la ve, *muy ágil para su musculatura*, ella burlona \"después de unas décadas, el tiempo medido es oro, jóvenes\". en una silla puesta junto a una pared, puesta ahí para continuar la limpieza de lo anegado por la lluvia y que por galantería de los meseros estaba bajo el sol, amandine prueba una cucharada de yoghurt con fruta picada y por eso no se dio cuenta de el automóvil que se estaciono frente a su ventana, los ocupantes discutían si dejar o no el mensaje cuando apareció un mesero que fregaba con un trapeador hacia la calle y salio uno de el automóvil y hablo con el mesero que hablo y mostró el antebrazo, el otro junto por unos segundos su antebrazo al de el chequeando con la mirada la transacción y entro siguiendo las indicaciones de el mesero; pisando quizás con mucho cuidado llega donde esta amandine y le dice \"un joven señor le invita a ir a hacer ejercicio, que si quiere solo a observarlo de lejos\", amandine pica un poco el yoghurt y el fondo del vaso, sonríe un poco \"¿no vino?\", el hombre niega con la cabeza mientras dice \"no, tendrá que acompañarnos\", amandine deja el vaso y pregunta \"¿pagas?\", el hombre llama al mesero, quien al volver pone el aparato junto a amandine que pone el antebrazo junto al aparato y le dice \"gracias\" como asintiendo al hombre y le antecede al auto donde se sienta poniendo la bolsa sobre la piel de sus muslos; el automóvil cruza la primera frontera; amandine ha sentido varias detenciones del automóvil y en el transcurso del trayecto ha reacomodado su cuerpo varias ocasiones, en alguna sintiendo o captando la mirada o la atención de alguno de los que la llevaban, hasta que pregunto mirando hacia un costado y casualmente \"disculpe, ¿tengo asegurado mi regreso de nuevo greenwich?\", los de la parte delantera del automóvil se miraron de reojo y de repente sonó un sonido agudo y corto tíipico de ese tipo de automóvil y uno de ellos contesto, después de unas frases checo bajando la vista un aparato y dijo algo, después le dijo a amandine \"que disfrute su viaje, todo esta siendo arreglado, que empiece el ejercicio con un baño\", y amandine les volteo a mirar, un poco después cambiaron de rumbo y camino y amandine se toco como frotándose las piernas al ver que recargaban combustible y pensó si no había forzado mucho, algunos recuerdos de fallos y de cancelaciones, algún u otro caballero. por un boulevard semi vacio y por tanto, según amandine, ostentoso y desperdiciado, llego el automóvil a un gran parque que había frente a un gran edificio y por un camino estrecho acerco el conductor a amandine lo mas posible a la entrada, ahí amandine espero a que el acompañante pusiera su antebrazo junto a el aparato del que se tomo el tiempo para la recarga de combustible del automóvil y viera los números que quizás fuera una órden dado su trabajo, amandine recordó a uno de sus amigos, un poco mas joven que ella, que hacia tratos con magazines de ciencia ficción, aventura y fantasía y del tipo de el traje verde y negro que usaba el anillo y decidió que fantasear un poco podría prepararla y pensó *en el día mas claro o* ahí amandine se paso la uña por la bolsa *y en la noche mas obscura, tú el portador del anillo*, y espero hasta que le abrieron la puerta, amandine se agacho y salio y camino unos pasos ajustándose la minifalda y los espero; en la pequeña bañera amandine preparo sus pulmones para sumergirse y empezó a descender su rostro y pensó en los dos hombres que esperaban, y en la frase de la recepcionista \"si tiene el tiempo suficiente\" y en el agua clara y abrio los ojos y empujando el aire por la nariz trato de mirar su reflejo en la superficie como espejo del agua amandine estaba jugando con mancuernas de un kilo y dos kilos de diferentes estilos y para diferentes partes del cuerpo cuando uno de los hombres saco su teléfono y escucho como asentía y explicaba, cuando termino el hombre volteo a verla y le dijo que el señor estaría ocupado, que disfrutara del resto del día y que él iba a arreglar otra transferencia de tiempo y al salir saludo al pasar al otro hombre que leía una revista y este solo respondió el saludo; otro comprador le dice a amandine \"a mi pasaron dormido una vez, y me despertaron con máscara de oxígeno y todo, experiencia mas horrible,\" se aproxima a amandine y baja la voz \"uno de los enfermeros me dijo al oído -a ti te entenderé, a ellos espero no entenderlos nunca, pero hay una debacle en la ciencia y ellos son los bandidos del tiempo se escurre-, y yo sigo aquí así que ¿quieres algo?\", amandine le acepto un par de mancuernas para los tobillos, pensando *bien, entonces no intercambiare datos* y el después salio con una rubia muy alta, que parecía no tener mas de veinticinco años. ","Summary":" en una calle de la zona 7 de la ciudad, una residencial, una niña cruza una calle y entra en una ti"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"A Year","Author":"P.A.W.07","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8127949","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Year: all children, until their twenty-fifth birthday, are promised one year. A year that many parents would like to use… and in this world where the Time Keepers seem to have a blind eye to the poor. Why the hell not. Mentions of Infentcide. Disclaimer: If only, if only, the plot bunny sings. Image: My Heart in a Valise by Joaru Rating: Teen. … It is quiet a modest proposal. … There was a man in the district who never seemed to come out in the daylight and he was a smart man, but not a good man. He was Not a good man. But he was a smart man. A very terrible man, but in a way he was a good man. There had been a joke once that men should be glad for their children, to treat their pregnant wives like prized cattle because a baby would make a wonderful roast. She supposed this was much the same thing. Her and her husband had struggled for weeks to conceive and she had suffered weeks and weeks of morning sickness and had to spend a few more day's time on extra food for the little thing inside her. It was a staggering experience but she and her husband knew that this child promised their future. A child always brought hope. Her husband reminded her of that when she was in labor of nearly eight hours, the two of them looking enviously at the year's time on the chubby little baby's arm. She had wanted to give the baby girl a name before they left the hospital but he said if they did that… it would be that much harder. It would be harder to walk toward that backroom behind that old whore house. She didn't know as she walked down the dark alley, the baby warm against her chest and bundled in a pink blanket with a hospital tag still on its wrist, if the people that were staring at her were envious, angry, or resentful. They all knew what she was up to. They all knew she was going to that intelligent and horrible man. It didn't matter what they thought. This child was her blood and tears. She deserved to reap the benefits. She was sparing the child from a life of hardship, counted it dwindling minutes. Her hand felt sweaty as she reached forward towards the handle and for a moment the new mother was sure her grip was going to slip, an omen to step back and head home. She could work a few more hours. She could waste a few hours for a little joy. Yet, the alley had ended and now she stood before the door. The door handle eased open with a slight squeak and a cool air swept over her senses, dull light within. For a moment she wondered if the smell that waffered out was death or evil itself. Either way, she knew part of that smell because she knew the smell all too well. It was in the street every day. Regardless, she pulled her baby closer as she stepped inside like a wary rabbit, the little babe whimpering which made her stall in fear. It wasn't this place that made her heart skip a beat. No, no. She had been in worse places to get a few extra minutes. She was afraid for the child. As the child's mother, she did not want the babe to wake. She did not want that small form to open its eyes in this place. She could not have those ocean blues staring up at her with joy and wonder, looking at the woman to show her the world, yet … yet… \"Please, never wake little one,\" the trembling female whispered, rocking it slightly with a sad smile as she wandered forward in the dark. \"Rest your eyes and never wake.\" Her feet suddenly came to a stop before a plain green door with a light above it, the paint fading in the dark with the word \"Broken Watches\". She probably stood there an hour, a lifetime to some, before she knocked on the door, the green light on her arm suddenly reminding her of … her time. She glanced at her arm for a moment before the door suddenly opened, bathing her in dull grey light as a pair of glasses stared at her with eye sockets overshadowed. For a moment, it felt like she was staring at Death with how lanky and thin and foreboding the male figure was. His thin-lipped wiry smile causing her to go stiff in the spine. His hidden eyes turned from her face down to the babe in her arms. His smile finally revealed his teeth, thin and so small like a child's teeth. He was old. Old enough that he probably had started to rot in some places. There was a frail smell of decay on him. Waving an arm, the man signaled for her to follow, chuckling behind her back as she entered, \"I haven't seen you before but I'm sure, soon, you will be by for a yearly checkup … like a gynecologist.\" She almost took a step back in disgust but kept her ground as the male shut the door behind her, the mother's voice shivering, \"Let's just get this over with.\" Smiling, knowing that she was new , his voice was almost a husky whisper, \"Put it on the table and let's… talk business.\" \"I take it… you know what the title on the door really means,\" he said, his bony finger pointed to the closed door as he led her towards a medical bed that had the rooms only light above it. \"Put the treasured babe down.\" She nodded, unable to speak. \"Then no need for formal introductions,\" he stated. \"Put the child down on the table. Now, my price is fair for transference and disposal.\" She placed the baby girl down, the child yawning but blissfully kept her little eyes closed. \"Disposal?\" she whispered. \"Yes,\" he purred when one of those knobby hands rubbed the thin hair on the baby's small head. \"Disposal. Can't have medical waste just … rotting anywhere.\" Wrapping her hands around herself, she choked, \"H-how much for your services?\" \"Three months sounds like a Modest Proposal to me,\" he laughed, madness suddenly seeming to drip off him like sweat. For a moment, confusion covered her face, feeling like she was missing some type of joke before the mad man stopped chuckling, waving his hand as he stated, \"Nothing, nothing. That joke is a little bit before your … time. Well, pretty much everyone's time.\" Closing her eyes, she took in a deep breath and rubbed her hand against the green light that bled forth from underneath the skin on her arm. She looked at it instinctively: less than three days. Opening her eyes, which the mother knew mirrored the baby's own orbs; she knew she shouldn't feel ashamed. Children were becoming a rare thing in this time sector after all despite the high birth rate. What need was there for children when you could live forever? None. Children had no worth in these hard streets. None at all. Showing her wrist to the man, the seconds counting down like falling sand, her voice was hollow as she stated, \"Unlock its time and take your three months… I need that time.\" His now gloved hands reached forward with quick fingers and he pulled a chubby arm out of the hospital blanket, looking at the time almost lovingly, before he pulled out what looked like a time scanner. It seemed normal except it wasn't silver. It was a dark ebony, like a rusted nail, and when he scanned that chubby arm the light bled red. The baby actually whimpering as its time suddenly started counting down, seconds falling away. She could only look at her baby's time in horror when the next words seemed to have crawled up from the underworld as the good doctor spoke, \"I don't … take the time myself. In case of … legal issues.\" She suddenly felt frozen, shivering, the time forgotten on her arm until she suddenly felt someone grab her arm, turning the green light upward as a reminder of her mortality, the man whispering, \"Every second counts. It's not coming out of my payment.\" Biting her lip, she still couldn't reach out towards the slowly waking babe. It wasn't until the child yawned that she hungrily reached her wrist forward, knowing that in a moment the baby would wake and open her eyes to see the world. With a quick flick of her wrist, she placed her flesh upon the babe's and grasped the two day olds thin arm. And then it was all gone. There was only a jerk and the new life was dead, a year now on her own wrist like a comforting warmth. A mother took back the life she had given and she could only sigh in relief. The corpse had almost opened her eyes. She had speared the babe from ever looking down at her little wrists. She had spared her baby so that she may live. Turning her own wrist, the once-mother stared in awe at the year she now owned even when the wonderful-horrible man reached forward and placed his clammy flesh against hers, taking his three months. Chuckling, he stated as he took the baby and threw it into what look like a laundry chute, his words speaking nothing but truth, \"See you in a year or so.\" She merely nodded thinking she better start tonight. She only had nine months before this borrowed time ran out. XXX Paw07: A quick thought on the premises that youths have a year they can't use until they hit twenty five, because you know some parents would defiantly take advantage of that. Not that the Time Police would really notice in the ghettos. I'm sure most of you get the Modest Proposal joke but for those who don't, it's by Jonathan Swift. Go read it. (Revisions February 2014) ","Summary":" A Year: all children, until their twenty-fifth birthday, are promised one year. A year that many pa"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"estilo","Author":"jer35mx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11929695","Passage":"[Chapter 1] la muchacha de 14 años ha tomado la lección de vida que es la -preparación de su cuerpo- para el manejo temporales y el consabido cronometro en el antebrazo, el cambio en el cuerpo de la muchacha no es totalmente coordinado con el cambio metábolico que es la adolescencia, de cuyos síntomas o efectos ya -sufría- desde 2 años atrás y era mas una seguridad psicológica de sus seres cercanos, y la muchacha tiene que pasar la temporada que cualquiera hombre o mujer debe de pasar en recuperación y también varía por factores operatorios o quirurgicos y que hace ella para festejar el cambio, una foto de registro, pero con estilo, desde un auto en movimiento, con falda, con shorts, ella de pie y en auto mostrando distraidamente o preparadamente el cronometro en ceros. su familia le hizo una reunión familiar y se estableció un registro en un club de vehículos para su edad, y ella practico, en realidad existía ahí el sistema organizado y antiguo de puntos, y ella manejaba tan solo por su practica y gusto, como todos asistía a las competencias de tiempos, donde en pizarras los mayores escribían-anotaban los tiempos y los traspasos de brazo a brazo, con limitaciones de acceso para mínimos, y a ella le gustaba filtrarse para estudiar las técnicas de conducción o mantenimiento pero no mucho o nunca en la diferencia de segundos por vuelta o en la cantidad de calibración y handicaps para participación; ella tuvo su primer confrontación de calculo-costo contra otro joven y ella aventajo por minutos pues ambos establecieron el límite de tanque de combustible como en los viejos, alocados tiempos, el regulador dijo medio ufano \"lo tomaron bien, salvo que el empezó el historial de tiempos acumulado\", ella había visto las compensatorias, pero el muchacho le sonrió, dice al regulador \"¿no hay posibilidad de que se anote como practica y no como competencia?, total yo estoy haciendo ya el pago\", y le da un codazo a ella, que, como novata y victoriosa mueve las manos y niega con la cabeza asustada, el regulador les mira y dice \"vayan a descansar muchachos, sus\" y pone los dedos en entre comillas con ambas manos y continúa \"posibles vidas de competidores penden de un hilo, hay que ser serios, descansen\" y les ayudo a la verificación de los autos; el regulador les habla y les muestra un disco giroscopio y les dice mostrándoles la falta de un trozo y se veía un artefacto interior , les dice \"no se si ustedes pagaran sus refacciones y \" pone cara de sorpresa, continúa \"oh sorpresa, ¿ven esas cajitas sin marcas?, son repuestos checados y en buen estado, hasta con fecha de caducidad y hoja de garantía, tienes tiempo y se que tienen ambos tiempo, pero si compras la refacción se registra y hace cambios en no se que partes en automático\" la muchacha llega de noche a su sector, a decir verdad la ciudad y transita por calles tranquilas y sin problemas con el vagón que es donde carga su vehículo y lo estaciona, verifica si el carro de su tia esta y al levantar su antebrazo para checar su tiempo de vida ve de reojo a su vecina de enfrente con uno de sus conocidos habituales y vestida muy juvenil y checando, recordando y calculando ve que le dejan el vehículo, ella entonces grita \"amandine, hola, recién cumplí 25 y creo conseguir el auto de mi tia, ¿qué tal una competencia de damas?, terminando en tu cafecito, ¿si?\", termina ella casi suplicando, escucha la respuesta de amandine \"pero pequeña, si casi no tengo tiempo efectivo, ¿qué tal de dos cuadras y por una hora de premio?, voy a tener que conseguir tiempo después para recuperarme y ¿el combustible?\", la joven, por edad y conservación contesta \"¿por favor una hora?, 10 minutos y ¿qué hay?, ¿problemas de combustible?, si tienes que hacer el recorrido de todos modos\", amandine sonríe y asiente \"anda, ve\", espera viendo el tiempo de sobra de su salida a el observatorio y ve semi indignada que la muchacha sale con guantes y piensa preocupada *¿va a ser ese su diferencia?, ¿su estilo\"*.[Chapter 2] amandine la observa, la, según ella, veinticincoañera recién estrenando su receptor temporal que ahora reflejaba en el cronometro de su antebrazo treinta segundos tomados de ella y no dejaba de pensar en lo terrible que sería vivir cien o mas años con los resultados de un accidente, los últimos días ella, amandine había conseguido tanto tiempo, que era real, pero el tratar de mantener el paso de la joven por ciento cincuenta o doscientos metros y ver pasar todo tan rápido, le hizo sentir algo de miedo de dañar su cuerpo o el auto, que diferencia del velocimetro pero también en el tacometro, aún o por comparar a esos datos en su viaje por carretera a visitar a su amiga, sonríe, su amiga, la estudiadora de vehículos espaciales antiguos, decía que de vez en vez marcaba \"aún con retraso no hay recepción de datos\" cada vehículo espacial catalogado y, esperando sus tés, amandine pregunta \"¿existe un catalogo de vehículos?, ¿un registro de competencias?, ¿un historial de, por ejemplo, tu misma?\", la joven, con sus piernas controladas nerviosamente recompone su cuerpo hacia atrás, casi apoyando su nuca en el respaldo de su silla \"si, conjuntamente a la primera y la tercera pregunta amandine, yo ya estoy estoy registrada y\", ahora la joven se inclina un poco y sigue \"ya tengo una competencia oficial\", la joven se inclina un poco mas y dice susurrando, amandine casi juraría que mordiéndose el labio inferior, \"y esta\", de repente y sorprendiendo un poco a amandine, alza la voz y se reclina en su silla \"hasta los vehículos de la tía están registrados\", voltea, continúa \"y el tuyo amandine\"; amandine se le queda mirando, *¿hay quien no piensa en riesgos?*, reciben las tazas y amandine observa a la mujer joven dar un sorbito alzando bien la taza, amandine toma un sorbo y capta una mirada muy seria de la mujer frente a ella; la mujer joven observa un ligero temblor en las manos de amandine, unos sonidos de la taza con el plato, la mujer joven se dice a si misma *es feo el temor, pero no hay problema amandine, no te preocupes* y se da cuenta, según ella, del esfuerzo puesto por amandine en la platica, la joven deja el plato con la taza en la mesa y dice \"¿sabías que mi tia tiene grabaciones en diferentes formatos de antiguas carreras?\", pero se relajo un poco con la amandine \"cualquier formato, ¿cualquier estilo?\" la mujer joven entiende que amandine se extrañe de lo que era, según ella, lo extra en la competición de la película que vieron primero como opción de la tía fue el tema romantico, al finalizar la película amandine había dicho \"que buen musical, y quizás, quizás me espere que los tipos que rearmaron el vehículo rechoncho de la línea habían intercambiado lugares por el amuleto, fue un momento\", y amandine había movido la mano de arriba a abajo y de abajo a arriba, la tía había pensado *que risa con amandine, pero se que fue muy amable*, para la veinticincoañera era tan obvio, sea como fuera la carrera la había ganado el que aprovecho sus atributos y los del vehículo, pero le asusto que daisy fuera el premio, no debería de ser, *si ella lo rechazo en el vehículo al ver la película*, hasta le dio escalofrios. después de platicar con amandine y su tia, la mujer joven condujo a su casa, durante un rato admiro la ciudad, pensó en la película holográfica de los restos de una civilización y la caída de los edificios flotantes por seres malvados que habían deshecho los cables de energía,algunos edificios subsistían y eran añejos, se tallo mas que sobo el cronometro, esperaba ser como amandine y la tia. fin ","Summary":" la muchacha de 14 años ha tomado la lección de vida que es la -preparación de su cuerpo- para el ma"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"Tự do cho Chúa","Author":"BloodyAntares","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13222492","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Buồn Hoảng sợ Trống rỗng. Tức giận. Hận thù. Chán nản. Đau khổ. Trống rỗng. N hững cảm xúc ấy lặp lại hàng ngày kể từ khi Philippe Weis biết căn bệnh hiểm nghèo của mình, ung thư não. hoá trị và những ca phẫu thuật liên tiếp cũng chỉ kéo dài sự sống của hắn từ 1 đến 2 năm. Bác sĩ còn nói thẳng ra hắn sẽ không thể sống tới 25 tuổi. Lũ nhà khoa học đã hứa hẹn gì khi chính phủ ép cả thế giới chuyển đổi gien bằng cách đầu độc nguồn nước? Chúng nói rằng mỗi người sẽ có ít nhất một năm để sống và giờ, hắn còn chẳng chờ được đến khi đồng hồ chạy. Trong bóng tối, ánh sáng của đồng hồ sáng xanh rực rỡ con số 1 năm đầy ám ảnh, còn hắn lại héo tàn tưng ngày, từng phút. Philippe đã bỏ học nửa tháng và nhốt mình trong căn phòng thuê suốt nửa tháng. Cửa đóng kín, rèm cửa luôn buông rủ. Hắn nằm dưới sàn nhà, cố gắng đếm từng hơi thở cuối cùng của bản thân. Tất cả mọi thứ đều vô nghĩa. Nhất là tấm bằng cử nhân kinh tế xuất sắc của Harvard, hay thông thạo lý thuyết trò chơi, đều không thể giúp hắn sống lâu thêm. Hắn là một thứ sản phẩm lỗi. Một cái đồng hồ gần điểm 12 giờ, và phép thuật của bà tiên đỡ đầu đã chấm dứt, cuộc sống lộ ra bộ mặt chân thực xấu xí của nó. Rõ ràng là hắn đã thua trong trò chơi \"Tồn tại\", ngay từ trước khi trò chơi bắt đầu. Nhưng một năm cho mỗi người chẳng thể nào đủ, và tất nhiên là chẳng ai thắng nổi rồi. Nhìn xem, ngay từ lúc này, người có tiền đã có nhiều hơn biết bao nhiêu lựa chọn cho họ - đầu tư vào bản thân: học ngôn ngữ, học đàn, học lịch thiệp; tái đầu tư những đồng tiền kiếm được dựa vào lỗ hổng của tax refund. Cứ như vậy, tương lai cũng chẳng khác gì, người giàu với những gì họ có sẽ thắng. Chỉ tiếc là hàng triệu sinh viên đại học ngang tầm tuổi hắn đều mắc bệnh hiểm nghèo nhờ ơn cái quyết định thay đổi gien loài người như thế này. Thế nên, thanks Obama, quyết định tuyệt vời lắm. Philippe bắt Greyhound từ Boston lên NYC. Hắn không thể chịu đựng căn phòng của mình thêm một ngày nào nữa. Hắn cũng không muốn gặp những bạn gái thường ngày, hay giáo viên, những người đã đang và luôn tới gõ cửa phòng hắn. Họ đang tốn những tài sản họ có cho một kẻ sắp chết. Những suy nghĩ như vậy chỉ tạm rời khỏi anh khi cơn buồn ngủ sập tới. Chợp mắt, ngủ quên, không thành vấn đề, hắn sắp ngủ vĩnh viễn cơ, mà ngủ thì đỡ đau... Và khi hắn bừng tỉnh, dòng chữ \"bảo tàng Khoa Học Tự Nhiên\" như thôi thúc hắn, và hắn nhận ra mình không còn trong xe bus. Hành động vô thức? Không, hắn chưa bệnh nặng đến vậy. Chỉ là,sức mạnh tự nhiên có vẻ trái lại thứ thế lực siêu nhiên có khả năng quyết định vận mệnh con người, dù tờ 1$ có viết \"In God we trust\" thì không nhất thiết 1 người Mỹ sẽ phải tin vào sự tồn tại của Chúa. Dù là xác suất, dù là mong muốn của Chúa, dù là có kẻ nào đó chọn hắn thì số mệnh của Philippe cũng không còn nằm trong tay hắn. Chết tiệt! Chỉ là hắn muốn sống. Hắn không thể chịu được một căn phòng tối tăm trong một tuần, làm sao hắn có thể chịu được bóng tối trường kì trong ngôi mộ của bản thân được! Philippe đứng đối diện với bộ xương của loài khủng long Archaeopercx. Philippe nghĩ về một đôi cánh tự do, nghĩ về chuỗi tiến hoá và nghĩ về công lý. Về loại đột biến tế bào não mà thứ thuốc độc đó đã khuếch đại dẫn đến bệnh ung thư của hắn. Có lẽ mọi thứ đã tốt hơn, khi vị tổ tiên nào đó của hắn chết vì không được chăm sóc kịp thời do nền y tế yếu kém của thế kỉ XVIII. Sau đó, một đứa trẻ khuyết tật như Philippe sẽ không bao giờ được sinh ra, và ắt hẳn sẽ không sống sót để sinh thêm con cái và phát tán cái gien yếu kém nàỳ. Kẻ mạnh sẽ sống sót. Kẻ phù hợp sẽ sống sót. Và những kẻ yếu tự biết vị trí của chúng. - Cậu có biết rằng thế giới đã đối mặt với những cuộc khủng hoảng lương thực? Một vị khách đứng cạnh hắn đột nhiên quay sang nhìn hắn rồi cất tiếng hỏi. Đó là một người đàn ông điển trai - tóc đen bóng mượt, gương mặt góc cạnh nam tính, đôi mắt xanh sâu hoắm già hơn tuổi giống như nhìn thấu tâm hồn của hắn chỉ với một cái liếc nhìn vậy. - Tôi quan tâm đến điều đó làm gì? \"Tôi sẽ chẳng sống đến lúc trưởng thành nữa là.\" Hắn thầm nghĩ, - Dân số đã quá đông. Anh ta tiếp tục hân hoan với một niềm vui thú đầy ác độc, giống như cứa sâu thêm vào nỗi đau chết sớm của hắn. Thứ thuốc độc đó được dùng để kiểm soát dân số, và hắn là một trong những kẻ bị vứt đi. - Tôi có nên gọi bảo vệ không? Philippe nhàm chán trả lời. Cơn đau đầu lại tiếp tục hành hạ hắn. Và hắn không muốn nói chuyện với một kẻ điên. -Thôi nào Philippe, Hắn giật mình khi nghe thấy cái tên của mình thoát ra từ khuôn mặt xa lạ. Và người đó nhìn lại hắn, khẽ mỉm cười, Tôi đề nghị hợp tác với bạn. Tôi sẽ sớm cần bạn. Bạn là một chàng trai trẻ có khả năng ... Philippe cười lớn, sao lại có thể cần đến một kẻ sắp chết chứ? Cái mạng chỉ còn tính bằng tháng của hắn chẳng đáng mấy đồng, và hắn thản nhiên bán mình cho một kẻ lạ mặt, không quan tâm tới lý do, tới kết quả hay là hậu quả của cuộc giao dịch. Dưới cây lật tỏa rộng Tôi bán anh và anh bán tôi; Họ nằm kia và ta nằm đây Dưới cây lật tỏa rộng. (1984)[Chapter 2] \"Mình đang sợ hãi.\" Philippe thì thầm thừa nhận cảm xúc của bản thân khi nhìn thấy Sylvia cướp ngân hàng của hắn lần thứ 6 trong tuần. Có lẽ sự sợ chết của hắn chưa bao giờ từng mất đi kể cả khi \"vị thần\" đến và chữa khỏi cho hắn - biến hắn trở thành tông đồ của ngài. Chỉ là khi cả thế giới mà hắn biết dần sụp đổ, hắn không thể kiềm chế được những suy nghĩ tiêu cực - hắn vốn là thứ vô giá trị được sơn son thếp vàng làm đồ chơi cho ngài ấy. \"Anh đã cho nó tất cả mọi thứ. Nhưng nó muốn giết anh.\" Hắn nói với cô vợ xinh đẹp mà hắn đoạt được chỉ đơn thuần là nhờ sự giàu có - một chiến lợi phẩm mà chính hắn cũng chẳng cần đến. \"Chính anh đã giết nó, Philippe\" Cô ta, có lẽ nhận thấy rằng hắn không còn có giá trị cũng như không phải là bất khả chiến bại, không thể suy chuyển, đã dám nhận xét như vậy. Nếu là trước kia, cô ta sẽ chẳng bao giờ dám trái ý hắn, còn trước nữa, cô ta sẽ chẳng thèm để ý đến một con chuột nhắt từ khu ổ chuột như hắn. Lật bỏ lớp màn giàu có được \"vị thần\" hào phóng ban cho, hắn vẫn chỉ là tên khốn xấu xa đến từ nơi xa xôi hẻo lánh mà thôi. \"Anh đã bóp nghẹt nó. Không, anh bóp nghẹt tất cả chúng tôi.\" Cô ta nói rồi bỏ đi. \"Không ai sống mãi mãi. Không ai sống mãi mãi. Không ai sống mãi mãi. Không ai sống mãi mãi. Không ai sống mãi mãi. Không ai sống mãi mãi. Không ai sống mãi mãi. Không ai sống mãi mãi.\" Philippe lẩm nhẩm. Sự sống của hắn luôn luôn là thứ được bố thí, được kéo dài bởi sự hứng thú nhất thời của kẻ đó. Hắn không thể sống mãi mãi. Hắn hoàn toàn không có cơ hội để sống mãi mãi. Hắn không có quyền để được sống. Philippe đang sống, bởi Chúa cho phép. Philippe muốn tức giận. Nhưng dù có cố gắng đập hết sức vào cái bàn gỗ đàn hương quý giá, hắn cũng chỉ có thể làm tay mình tím bầm. Hắn muốn phá hủy tất cả những thứ xung quanh hắn, những tấm vải đắt tiền, những bức tường phủ lụa mềm mại,... Tất cả! Nhưng hắn không làm vậy, bởi hắn đã có quá nhiều thứ để lo với những lần cướp ngân hàng của Sylvia, trang hoàng lại nhà cửa không phải là ưu tiên của hắn. Và lo lắng hơn, liệu ngài ấy có cho rằng hắn quá vô dụng và vứt bỏ hắn? Liệu hắn đã hết hạn sử dụng với ngài? Philippe đã sống rất nhiều năm kể từ ngày đó. Hắn nhiều tuổi hơn nhiều so với Henry Halmilton, kẻ ắt hẳn đã tự sát vì những gì mà hắn thường gọi là \"nỗi đau khổ của kẻ tồn tại.\" Tiên lượng một năm đã trở thành một quãng thời gian dài mà ắt hẳn, tên khốn lập dị kia sẽ phải ngượng ngùng khi nghe đến. Philippe biết, Henry Hamilton chắc chắn sẽ làm một điều đó bất thường. Hắn thậm chí còn tự nhủ bản thân phải cẩn thận đề phòng những chuyện bất trắc xảy ra. Thế nhưng, liệu tất cả mọi thứ đều được sắp xếp bởi ngài ấy? Ngài ấy, một người không có đồng hồ đếm ngược trên tay, người có thể dễ dàng trị căn bệnh hiểm nghèo cho hắn, người dễ dàng cho hắn cả thiên niên kỉ, người đã thì thầm với hắn những điều hắn cần phải làm, những mưu mô hắn cần phải thực hiện để đảm bảo cho kế hoạch của ngài. Ngài ấy, giống như là một người giám hộ cho cái hệ thống này. Nhưng tất cả những điều đó, liệu có phải chỉ là hoang tưởng của hắn. Liệu cả cuộc đời này có phải là sản phẩm của mộ lần điều trị giảm đau bằng morphin, khi mà hắn chưa bao giờ từng có thể già đi và đang nằm bẹp dí trên một cái giường bệnh nào đó? Không! Nhất định không phải là thế! Philippe đã rơi vào cơn hoảng loạn khi nghe thấy Sylvia đầy vẻ háo thắng tuyên bố tới hắn: \"Không ai sống mãi mãi.\" Giống như lời tuyên án tử hình cho hắn vậy. Hắn nhớ tới khi mà hắn muốn làm mọi chuyện lắng đi, và người Cảnh Vệ Thời Gian Raymond Leon nói với hắn rằng một trăm năm, hai trăm năm, thậm chí là cả cuộc đời của hắn cũng không đủ. Sylvia, nó vẫn là một đứa chẳng biết gì, nhưng liệu Raymond Leon có biết đến sự tồn tại của ngài ấy? Raymond Leon tự tin đến đáng sợ giống như là mọi thứ đều ở trong tay hắn, giống như là hắn kiêu hãnh bởi hắn sẽ không bao giờ chết. Liệu đó có phải là một test thử mà Philippe đã thất bại? Philippe Weis luôn nổi trội bởi sự sợ hãi cho cuộc sống của hắn, bởi khát khao sống của hắn quá mãnh liệt. Nó đủ để cho hắn cảm nhận rõ ràng kẻ săn mồi đang tiến lại gần hắn. Sylvia đã lấy đi một triệu năm, thực sự thì kể cả trong trường hợp tệ nhất, những người dân ngây thơ lần đầu tiên làm Cách Mạng cũng có thể dễ dàng bị ngăn chặn. Nhưng Philippe quỳ bất động trên mặt đất, mặc kệ những tiếng chuông réo gọi hắn từ khắp mọi nơi trên thế giới, mặc kệ hồi chuông báo động. Hắn sợ sự phẫn nộ của thần. Ngài ấy đã đến! Các vị thần chưa bao giờ nhân từ. Moses dẫn người Do Thái qua sa mạc, nhưng phải lưu lạc 40 năm trong sa mạc bởi là người sinh ra trong nô lệ. Medusa chạy tới cầu xin Athena nhưng vẫn bị Poseidon cưỡng hiếp trong đền của Athena, và cũng chính Athena đã biến tóc của Medusa trở thành những con rắn để cô ấy không còn có thể quyến rũ người khác. Và Odin, Odin giết người khổng lồ Ymir để tạo ra thế giới loài người. \"Không có gì là mãi mãi, cậu thấy đúng không Philippe?\" Hắn giật mình khi nhận thấy người vợ của hắn, Michelle đang áp tay của cổ vào má hắn. Không, đúng hơn là cô ta đang nắm lấy mặt của Philippe, ép hắn phải nhìn vào mắt của cô, một đôi mắt xanh, già hơn nhiều so với vẻ bề ngoài của cô ta. Mọi thứ đã từng dễ hơn, có thể phân biệt được đâu là cha mẹ, đâu là con cái. Nhưng mà, giờ thì những con sói cũng có thể đội lốt cừu non. Vị thần của hắn lại chính là người vợ mà hắn không quan tâm. \"Cô đã bóp nghẹt tôi.\" Hắn vô thức lặp lại lời mà cô ta từng nói. \"A, vậy mà tôi cứ nghĩ cậu luôn muốn sống chứ?\" Cô ta ném hắn xuống sàn. Cô ta đã không cần hắn nữa rồi. \"Mọi thứ không thể kết thúc nhảm nhí như thế này được! Tôi đã làm tất cả những gì có thể, tất cả những gì mà cô yêu cầu!\" Hắn cuộn tròn người trên sàn nhà, cố gắng kìm nén những giọt nước mắt trước chủ nợ của hắn. \"Philippe, nếu cậu không còn muốn sống, thì cậu chẳng còn giá trị nào cả với tôi.\" Cô ta đứng dậy và đá vào người hắn. \"Thật thảm hại.\" Cô ta cười lớn. \"Tôi chờ cậu suốt một trăm năm, và khốn nạn thay, cậu răm rắp nghe lời như một con chó vậy.\" Tệ làm sao khi chính hắn cũng cảm thấy như vậy. Hắn khóc. \"Im đi, tôi chỉ là một người phụ nữ chân yếu tay mềm, vậy mà cậu không thể nào chống lại sao?\" \"Tôi không muốn chết!\" Hắn biết rõ, đã đến nước này, hắn đã không còn lựa chọn phản kháng. Hắn đã từng tới cơ sở của cô ta để được chữa khỏi bệnh, ở đó có ít nhất 10000 người, không lý gì mà lúc này lại không có ai cả. Và ngoan ngoãn đã khiến cô ta chán chường. \"Thật đáng tiếc.\" Cô ta mỉm cười rồi quay đi. \"Đưa hắn quay trở lại nơi hắn bắt đầu.\" Philippe cười, cả New Dayton biết hắn là ai và hắn đã làm những gì. Hắn nhẽ ra nên chết bởi khối u đó, chứ không phải trở thành cái vật chủ của thứ ung nhọt sẽ tồn tại vĩnh viễn kia. Nhưng hắn vẫn sống. Và không có gì là tồn tại mãi mãi. ","Summary":" Buồn Hoảng sợ Trống rỗng. Tức giận. Hận thù. Chán nản. Đau khổ. Trống rỗng. N hững cảm xúc ấy lặp l"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"Brünhild et Siegfried","Author":"Arakasi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9457056","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titre : Brünhild et Siegfried Auteur : Arakasi Base : Django Unchained Disclaimer : tout est à Quentin Tarantino Personnages : le docteur King Schultz, Django et sa Brünhild Genre : pas de mal de déblatérations mythologiques et un peu de romance tout de même Résumé : La première fois qu'il la voit de près, il est frappée par sa fragilité. Les princesses des contes allemands n'ont pas cette vulnérabilité-là. Bardées d'acier et corsetées de mailles, elles ont la beauté farouche et invulnérable des hautes montagnes. Com perso : Grumph ! (oh et à part ça, si vous décelez des petites incohérences avec le film, mettez ça sur le compte de ma mauvaise mémoire et soyez indulgents ^ ^ N'étant point experte en mythologie nordique, je me suis également permise de broder sans scrupules quand cela m'arrangeait. Pour info, le scène se déroule juste après l'arrivée au ranch de Calvin Candie.) Arakasi vous souhaite une très bonne lecture ! … Brünhild et Siegfried … La première fois qu'il la voit de près, il est frappé par sa fragilité. Les princesses des contes allemands n'ont pas cette vulnérabilité-là. Bardées d'acier et corsetées de mailles, elles ont la beauté farouche et invulnérable des hautes montagnes. Leurs yeux sont de givre et leurs chevelures de neige. Elles enfourchent sans frémir chevaux volants, loups déchainés et dragons tricéphales. Elles sont femmes, bien sûr, mais avant tout déesses, et leur divinité glacée leur fait comme un voile, une armure qui les protège des atteintes des mortels. Elles sont aimées car inaccessibles. Adorées car impitoyables. Elles sont le blizzard, l'ouragan, la tempête, le feu du soleil qui brûle ou fait fleurir tour à tour. Rien de tout cela chez la petite dame de Django. Les poignets frêles comme des roseaux, les doigts longs et fuselés, la taille étroite sanglée dans un corset trop serré… Tout respire chez elle l'extrême délicatesse d'une figurine d'obsidienne qu'une pichenette suffirait à briser en éclats. La petite, si mal nommée soit-elle, ne manque pourtant pas de grâce ! Avec ses grands yeux de biche, ses traits doux, presque enfantins, elle a le charme un peu évanescent d'une enchanteresse des Milles et un nuits , étrange créature mi-enfant, mi-éfrit. Schultz l'observe tandis qu'elle se tient debout dans sa chambre, les paupières baissées, ses mains fines refermées autour du verre qu'il vient de lui offrir. Il prend son temps, la dévisage attentivement avec une curiosité presque académique, cherchant dans ses prunelles sombres un éclat de la pâle étoile nordique dont elle a hérité du nom. En vain, bien entendu. Le nom ne fait pas la femme, il le savait déjà, mais ne peut s'empêcher d'en être légèrement déçu. Puis il voit le verre trembler entre ses doigts, l'eau se brouiller et réalise un peu tard qu'elle a pris son intérêt pour de la concupiscence. Il s'écarte aussitôt, gêné, presque honteux. Se dirige à grands pas vers le lit défait pour en rabattre hâtivement les couvertures et lisse du plat de la main les draps froissés. Il lui sourit, soucieux de dissiper tout sentiment de menace, mais la jeune femme reste de marbre. Pas même un frémissement des lèvres. Entre ses cils, il entrevoit le même éclair furtif, la même méfiance sauvage qui brillait dans les yeux de Django à leur première rencontre, celle de l'homme noir envers l'homme blanc, de l'esclave face au maître. Le visage fermé comme une pierre, elle semble attendre la moquerie, le commentaire cruel, le geste déplacé qui ne saurait manquer de suivre. Shultz ne devrait pas en être blessé, mais l'est tout de même. Il s'assied – un homme assis présente toujours une menace moindre qu'un homme debout, une particularité que le docteur King Schultz a maintes fois eu l'occasion d'utiliser à son avantage, quoique dans des circonstances très différentes – et se met à parler. C'est miracle alors de voir les traits de la jeune femme changer. Les yeux qui s'écarquillent, la bouche qui s'entrouvre, la flamme qui s'allume et vacille sous ses paupières… Ses mains tremblent toujours, mais l'angoisse n'y est plus pour grand chose. C'est l'espérance qui n'ose se dire, le désir de croire mêlé à la crainte d'être déçue une fois de plus. Renversé sur sa chaise, Schultz regarde avec délice les émotions se succéder sur le visage de la jeune esclave, jouissant du plaisir du prestidigitateur sur le point d'accomplir son tour – et, à vrai dire, bien plus ému lui-même qu'il ne souhaiterait l'admettre. Quand le trouble de la petite est à son paroxysme, il demande : « Me promettez-vous de ne pas crier ? - Je promets » répond-elle. Schultz hoche la tête et frappe de sa phalange le poteau de bois sculpté du lit. Django entre dans la chambre. La jeune femme se retourne, soupire, flagelle, et s'effondre soudain comme fauchée par une rafale de vent, sous les regards surpris des deux hommes. … L'évanouissement ne dure pas longtemps et la petite se réveille presque aussitôt dans un cri de joie étouffé. Ils pleurent. Ils rient. S'enlacent. Ils feraient probablement bien davantage sans sa présence encombrante, mais les abandonner seuls dans la pièce serait par trop imprudent, presque autant que laisser Django entrainer sa belle, folle de bonheur, dans la chambre voisine. Schultz s'éloigne de quelques pas, désireux de leur laisser un peu d'intimité et un peu embarrassé de son rôle involontaire de chaperon. Il envisage un instant de se servir un verre du scotch – excellent surement quels que soient ses nombreux vices, on ne peut reprocher à monsieur Candie de négliger le confort de ses invités – mais y renonce aussitôt, se rabat sur la bibliothèque surchargée de livres aux lourdes reliures cuivrées. Il entend la jeune femme rire dans son dos, puis sangloter à nouveau. Il les entend murmurer. Ne peut s'empêcher de les lorgner du coin de l'œil, si ivres de leur allégresse commune qu'ils semblent l'en avoir provisoirement oublié. Ils les admirent. Ils les envient un peu. Aussi loin que remonte sa mémoire, jamais une jeune beauté ne s'est évanouie à son apparition. Ils ne pleurent plus, ils s'embrassent. Schultz se détourne à nouveau, le dos raide, intrus dans sa propre chambre avec aussi peu de chances de retraite qu'un renard acculé dans son terrier. Il parcourt machinalement les rayonnages du regard, caresse ça et là une couverture du doigt – Shakespeare, Hugo, Goethe… Paradoxe curieux que de trouver dans cette demeure arriérée tant de brillantes plumes. Sa main s'immobilise et il sourit, surpris et ravi, oubliant presque les deux tourtereaux qui s'éplument dans son dos. Belle reliure, à peine couperosée par le temps. Impression impeccable. Traduction anglaise, hélas – la langue anglaise est d'une telle rusticité ! Il chausse ses lunettes, feuillette les pages raidies jusqu'au passage souhaité, cherche des yeux les vers jadis connus par cœur, il y a longtemps, quand il était un homme plus civilisé dans une monde moins barbare. Longtemps je sommeillais, Longtemps restais endormie, Longs sont les malheurs des mortels. Odin est cause Que point ne pouvais Rompre le charme du sommeil. Salut, jour ! Salut, fils du jour ! Salut, nuit et sœur de la nuit ! D'un œil bienveillant Regardez-nous ici Et donnez nous victoire. « Tu dis, docteur ? » Il relève les yeux, se retourne pour leur faire face. Il a parlé bas pourtant, mais Django a l'ouïe fine et la tête étonnamment solide pour un jeune étourneau ayant à peine retrouvé sa promise. L'ancien esclave ne relâche pas la jeune femme pour autant. Il la sert contre lui, un bras glissé autour de sa taille, l'autre au-dessus de son épaule, la pressant contre son torse avec une énergie farouche. En vérité, il faudra bien plus qu'une poignée de brutes en manteaux poussiéreux, bien plus que le feu d'un dragon ou la fureur d'Odin lui-même pour arracher sa princesse des bras de ce Siegfried-là. La belle mise de la petite en est toute froissée, constate Schultz avec amusement. Parfait. Cela ne fera que crédibiliser leur petite comédie. Dans le monde de Candie, on ne fait pas monter une jeune et accorte demoiselle dans sa chambre pour le simple plaisir de lui parler allemand. C'est un monde bien étriqué, songe-t-il, que celui de Calvin Candie… Schultz repose « L'Edda » sur l'étagère, non sans une pointe de remords, celui que l'on éprouverait à abandonner un très vieil ami entre des mains ennemies. Au moins ce sacrifice-là se fera-t-il pour une juste cause. « Je disais, répond-il pince-sans-rire, qu'il était temps de mettre un terme à ses douces retrouvailles – aussi touchantes soient-elles – et de descendre dîner. Certes, monsieur Candie n'a rien d'un gentleman, mais nous sommes quant à nous des gens de bonnes mœurs. Et il n'y a rien de plus malséant pour un gentleman que d'arriver en retard à table. Et puis… » Il sourit à la jeune femme. « Et puis, je suppose que plus tôt nous quitterons ces lieux et plus la jeune fräulein nous en sera aise, n'est-ce-pas ? » Elle se tait, hésitante encore, mais le doute ne dure pas. Lentement le visage de la jeune femme s'éclaire, s'ouvre comme une fleur au soleil. Pour la première fois, elle le regarde en face, sans honte, sans peur. « Oui, répond-elle. Merci. » Une esquisse de sourire timide lui affleure aux lèvres. Des lèvres, le sourire monte aux pommettes, aux sourcils, aux yeux et soudain c'est tout le visage qui semble irradier, illuminer la chambre comme le plus brillant des astres. Il en reste muet, comme frappé par le foudre. Si violemment ému qu'il en oublie tout net le petit discours soigneusement préparé pour exhorter les deux amants à la prudence. Car elle est Brünhild, en vérité. Une Brünhild de chair et de sang. Une Brünhild aux cheveux noirs et frisés, à la peau brune, aux lèvres charnues, aux grands yeux noirs. Une Brünhild sombre et solaire. Mais Brünhild tout de même, avec sa fragilité, sa force, son rayonnement. Brünhild, toujours Brünhild. Et quel fou a-t-il été d'en douter ! Une émotion risible et absurde, Schultz en a conscience, et le septique convaincu qu'il s'est toujours efforcé d'être s'alarme de cette bouffée de sentimentalisme – conséquence indirecte du malaise insidieux qui s'est emparé de lui depuis qu'ils se sont aventurés au bord du Mississippi. D'autant plus risible et absurde est l'angoisse qui l'étreint immédiatement après. Car tout ceci est trop simple. Trop direct. Trop terre-à-terre. Ce n'est pas ainsi que se forgent les légendes, pas celles allemandes en tout cas. Qui irait chanter la geste du courageux prince qui s'en alla délivrer sa dulcinée une liasse de billets de banque dans une main et dans l'autre un verre de vin ? C'est de sang et de fer dont sont faites les légendes, pas d'astuces, de pots-de-vin et de fins discours ingénieusement tournés. Où se cachent les armées aux membres innombrables ? Les montagnes de flammes ? Les monstres à l'haleine empoisonnée ? Avec ses beaux costumes et sa cruauté maniérée, Calvin Candie fait un bien piètre dragon. Quant à incarner Odin, père des dieux, en personne… L'idée même est grotesque. Et son rôle à lui dans tout ceci ? Quel rôle pour le docteur King Schultz ? Car la mythologie nordique ne se soucie guère de séides. Face au danger, le héros s'avance seul. Oh, il peut partir entouré – un ami, un destrier, parfois même une armée – mais l'ultime Épreuve, la seule qui vaille, se doit d'être solitaire. Curieux et effrayant sentiment que de se découvrir soudain surnuméraire... « Eh bien, docteur, tu ne parles plus ? » Il ne parle plus, en effet. Et Django d'ajouter, sardonique à son tour : « Tu as peur ? » Schultz lui jette un coup d'œil mi-froissé, mi-amusé par dessus les verres de ses lunettes. « C'est qu'il deviendrait moqueur… » marmonne-t-il. Observateur aussi, mais ceci, le docteur n'est guère enclin à le reconnaître. Il écarte la question d'un geste évasif de la main : « Je m'inquiète en effet de l'arrivée inopportune de la charmante Miss Candie. L'exquise demoiselle me poursuit de ses assiduités, je le crains, et un retard éventuel pourrait exciter son impatience… » Django lui rend un regard impavide, pas dupe pour un sou. Après plusieurs mois de compagnonnage, force est de reconnaître que l'ancien esclave le connaît bien mieux qu'il ne le désirerait, déchiffre ses plus petites réticences avec une déconcertante facilité. Et lui n'a pas peur, bien entendu, même si cette absence de crainte n'exclue ni la prudence, ni la résolution. Ils sont jeunes. Ils sont forts. Ils sont ensemble. Ils s'aiment. Ils n'ont pas de raison d'avoir peur, car si les Ases ne portent pas sur eux un œil bienveillant, c'est que nul homme ou femme sous le soleil n'aura jamais mérité cette faveur. Quel droit a-t-il d'assombrir leurs espoirs par un excès de romantisme morbide teuton ? Plus capital encore : ils lui font confiance. Ces deux-là font confiance à un homme blanc – même la jeune femme dont le regard attentif mais apaisé soutient le sien avec assurance. Ce n'est pas rien, cette confiance. C'est immense. C'est écrasant. Quelle que soit la suite des événements qui les attendent dans la luxueuse salle à manger de Calvin Candie, il ne peut se permettre de les décevoir. Et qui sait ? Le monde change, les légendes aussi, et peut-être suffira-t-il pour sauver cette Brünhild-là d'une poignée de dollars et d'un peu de bagout… Le docteur King Schultz l'espère. Il l'espère vraiment. Aussi ôte-t-il soigneusement ses lunettes, les glisse-t-il dans la poche de sa veste et la main sur la poignée de la porte, le buste légèrement incliné : « Django, mein fräulein , après vous… » ","Summary":" Titre : Brünhild et Siegfried Auteur : Arakasi Base : Django Unchained Disclaimer : tout est à Quen"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"Kings of the Wild Frontier - Part One","Author":"wordbyrd","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9406030","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kings of the Wild Frontier – Part One The woman wiped an errant trickle of blood off of her forehead with the back of her shaking hand. It wasn't as if it was the first time someone had hit her. Still, it wasn't any more pleasant that it had ever been. She was sitting awkwardly in the half-broken chair from her room now, and standing over her messy halo of red hair was an odd, bearded, graying gentleman. She did not look directly at him. She did not think about the shiny six-shooter at her waist. Even if there was a way to quickly grab it without him knowing, she'd never get to it in time. It would not be a hard task for him to end her – that was evident. \"Now, Fräulein, if you please –\" he gave a slight flourish with his hand before sitting down at the end of her saggy little cot. Carefully – almost gently – his lips turned upwards into a slight smile. Damned devil, she thought, of course she was in no position to run now. The young woman took a deep breath, & finally looked up at the man for the first time. \"Perhaps I might converse with you about this predicament that you find yourself in?\" He had kind eyes. They were brown, sparkled with interest, and rested above a thin-bridged nose. The rest of his face was all mustache, beard, and jaw-line. His smile widened slightly when he realized she was weighing her options. As if she was in any position to do so. The man withdrew a handkerchief from the inner pocket of his suit coat which she took gladly. The young woman held it to her head, and the gentleman continued to regard her patiently. \"Well Doctor,\" she said carefully. \"I see that I don't have much of a choice.\" There was never much that separated her from security and calamity – that was something Bess had learned. Something else she knew was that the line from security to calamity was not a straight one. It wove, wound, looped and swirled in unexpected ways until there were patterns that resembled a flawed knit square of yarn sitting where your life used to be. The line and the life it shaped was a complicated business. Yet, the space that separated safety and despair was shorter than most people could imagine. She had been secure…in an upscale Boston home one moment, wrapped in kit gloves and fine petticoats with hair washed, curled, parted down the middle and smelling of rose water. Then there was the body of her dead husband, and his blood all over her fine soft shoes. There was the burning of that fortress house in the quiet neighborhood, and there was the flight by train to the first out-of-the-way town she could get to with the money she'd managed to hide away. The tyrant was dead. For a moment, that had been enough. When Bess Norcross arrived in Camden, South Carolina in the spring of 1853 the town wasn't much to look at. It was bathed in mud that never dried out, and the humidity in the air stuck to Bess' skin like the mute terror that had permeated her limbs on the long train ride. Upon her arrival, she'd simply sat at the train station for hours – shocked and tear stained. She was sure that passerby folks thought her drunk or touched. The young woman finally came back to herself – realized that when a man like her husband died…when his house went up in ashes for no good reason, and a woman like her went missing, people were bound to give chase. Finally, mercifully - she'd been able to make her feet move towards the first boarding house she could find, and then she'd met Nattie. \"Listen, little sister –\" the woman had said after showing Bess to a room. \"I know what a person in trouble looks like, and you …well, you look like you outrunning the damned devil hisself!\" Lovely Nettie, with big dark eyes and strong arms. She and her partner Sarah had run the boarding house for as long as anyone in the downtown district could remember. \"It was jus' luck that Sarah and I met up,\" she'd told Bess. \"Sarah lost her Thomas years ago, and I needed…a place.\" At this point in the story, Nettie smiled to herself as she looked down at her hands all shy-like. \"We been together ever since, she and I.\" It wasn't till she'd been there a few weeks that Bess realized how close the two women were. Strangely enough, she did not feel scandalized. The words of Father Clarke who'd preached hellfire and damnation from the pulpit of her childhood church did not drown out the fact that she too had 'a place' now. The rest just didn't matter. The saloon down the street kept Bess awake some nights, and even though she was afraid of it – afraid of the loud music, the clientele, the gun shots that sometimes rang out over the night air – there was a curious feeling in her gut that liked to bubble up when she looked at the place. Nattie and Sarah – who did their best to keep a low profile anyway – advised Bess to keep away from anything or anyone attached to The Bone Orchard. A man everyone simply called 'Midas' owned the morbidly named establishment, and half the other businesses in Camden. More than once Bess had heard her friends refer to the fat mustachioed geezer as \"an evil old cuss\" and it was obvious that Midas had made a play for Sarah's Room & Board several times in the past. None of these details meant much to the timid young woman who made herself more and more at home with Sarah and Nattie every day. Her two new housemates simply marveled at Bess, who was a pale ghost with a smudge of crimson perpetually crowning her head. Indeed, it was the girl's hair that was loud and not the girl herself. Below the hairline, it was as if Bess wanted to shrink into the floorboards and escape from some unspeakable thing that was never far from her mind. Thankfully, there was no end to the ways that that her two new livin'-in-sin guardian angels kept her busy. There was cooking, cleaning, sweeping, and scrubbing from early in the morning till late at night – and this was just fine with Bess. Dropping off after a day of honest work was preferable to the restless days that she had tried to fill in her other life. Now there was the rapidity of busy hours, and it was only in the early morning when she was ever bothered by what had happened back in Boston. Back in the long-ago world she'd rather not think of. The night terrors had happened often when she'd first come to Camden – she'd wake soaked through with sweat and tears. Sometimes her eyes would spring open and instantly train on a hurricane lamp Nattie was holding over the bed while Sarah tried to sooth Bess' screams. Thankfully, through all the hullabaloo, the two women had never asked their desperate new housemate what had brought her from the far, glittering palaces of the upper northeast to their corner of the world. Sarah and Nattie weren't stupid, and Bess figured they must be able to tell she came from blue Yankee blood. It was in her speech, and her stilted manners. She knew that it was only fair to come clean to the women who were responsible for her livelihood. It was only right to be as honest with them as they had been with her. However, this coming clean – it did not happen until she could speak the story without sobbing. When she'd practiced the words and made up her mind – that was when Bess finally sat down one afternoon with her friends over glasses of sweet tea, and told them everything. Through the clasping of hands, and hushed voices, all three women decided not to speak of such things again unless it was necessary. All three knew enough of the world to keep it secret. Despite everything she had endured – the loss of her husband, the harsh realities of a woman trying to make it with her lover alone in the world, and dealing with the likes of Midas – Sarah Stoddard was a faithful God-fearing woman. Bible-thumping, no. It was not in her to judge lest she and Nattie were to be judged. It was not in her to be ungenerous or unkind. It had seemed only natural for Sarah and Nattie to take in the strange, sad woman who she believed providence had led to their doorstep. They made a curious but handsome trio, and in some odd sense, it felt to Sarah that she finally had a complete family under her roof despite the comings and goings of the various customers who frequented her business. Sarah, though in her late forties, still struck most people as beautiful. She had angular, sharp features that would have been frightening if it weren't for her wide blue eyes, and long auburn hair which silver streaks shot all through it. Nattie was seemingly her very opposite – all dark hair, ageless features, and round-faced goodness. Of course, Nattie had not been property of the Stoddard estate for years – not since Thomas had died. Now she stayed of her own accord to help with the boarding house, and to \"keep things running like clockwork\" as her love put it. It used to chill her – the thought of what the people of their town would do if they were ever found out, but societal norms worked in their favor, and as far as she knew, everyone just assumed that the relationship between the two women was nothing more than conventionally domestic – professional. \"We've started running a boardinghouse for wayward ladies, it seems –\" she told Nattie one night after what must have been the thousand screaming fit that Bess had thrown. \"I don't know what kind of trouble that girl is in, but it's something bad – I'm certain of it now.\" It didn't surprise either woman in the least when, weeks later, they finally learned that Bess had killed her husband. Her influential rich husband whose family name appeared in society rags that managed to make their way even out as far as Camden and into the back country beyond. It didn't come as a surprise either that Midas showed up on the steps of their boarding house full of threats, piss, and vinegar. Sarah was a God-fearing woman. She had faith, and she believed that things usually worked out. The flourishing business she owned and the existence of Nattie in her life were proof of that. However, Sarah also knew that going to look for the devil was foolish- evil in the world was never all that far from your own front door. What Sarah didn't realize was that she and Nattie's dear little Bess was pure demon bait. \"People talk, Miss Sarah – and they've had plenty to say about you lately.\" It was late afternoon, and the thick, swollen tower of a business man stood prominently on the wrap-around porch of Sarah's Room & Board, his brown silk hat jauntily set to one side. There was a glint in his eye that the woman didn't like one little bit. Then again, there was little about the fellow that Sarah didn't find troublesome. \"Is that so, Midas? Well, you'd best come in and tell me all about it, then.\" \"Aw, thank you ma'am – but you see, I don't like to compromise my position in this town by associating myself with those who have…a questionable moral compass.\" Sarah only let her eyes go glassy for a moment before responding. \"I wonder at your impertinence, sir?\" she managed to growl. \"What in providence's name do you think you're playing at?\" \"Only that we've had an interesting character ride into town today, and he's got quite a story to tell.\" \"And what does any of that have to do with me?\" Sarah tightened her grip around the broom she was holding, even though she desperately wanted to be perceived as independently steady. \"A fancy-pants foreigner by the name of 'Doctor King Schultz' wandered into the saloon this afternoon. He's a bounty hunter…well, that and a part-time dentist. Says he'll have a look at one of my more troublesome molars before he leaves town.\" At this, the corpulent business man stuck a fat finger into the back of his mouth, and absentmindedly wiggled something there while Sarah looked on wholly unamused. \"At any rate, this fellow has been looking for a woman from up north with a price to the tune of one-thousand dollars on her head. Now, that's a fair amount of money as far as bounties go – but it's because – and this is the part that positively chills the blood – it's because this woman, Elizabeth Norcross, set fire to her house with her husband inside.\" The man inched closer to the doorframe Sarah stood in. She instinctively straightened her back, watching her shadow lengthen itself. Carefully she set her lips in a thin line as Midas peered into her face, nose to nose. \"I must admit, Miss Sarah – we've all been wondering about your girl.\" Sarah cocked one eyebrow, and shamelessly tried for diversion. \"What about Nattie? Y'all have known her for years. I don't know what you'd want with her.\" \"Don't play coy with me, madam – the newest addition to your household. You have any idea where she come from?\" Gathering herself, Sarah gave a smile. \"Well, o'corse, Midas! That's my sister's daughter Annabelle come up from Savannah for a spell. I wouldn't just let anyone stay here, you know that!\" There was silence while Midas considered this, squinting his eyes. Suddenly, his chubby arm shot out and grabbed Sarah's wrist. \" That is a load of horseshit, Miss Sarah.\" \"How dare you!\" Sarah growled, trying to pull away from Midas' grip. The commotion brought Nattie from the back of the house to the front room. \"Sarah! What's the matter?\" \"You know, the folks in this town – they talk more than a little bit about the two of you, too.\" Midas' voice had lowered to something tonally primal that sounded hollow and mean. \"I wouldn't want them getting any more ideas about what happens in this house, Sarah. I wouldn't want you and your slave woman getting hurt. No, I think it's best if you send 'Annabelle' down to the saloon after a spell to answer a few questions.\" \"The hell we will -\" Nattie yelled. \"Shut your girl up, Sarah –\" Midas countered, \"-or I'll shut her mouth for you!\" With that, Midas released the shaken older woman, thrusting her back into the house with a shove. \"You've got an hour before I send a posse in. That's a damn courtesy considering the danger that you've put my town in, harboring an arsonist….and a probable murderess to boot.\" With that, Midas turned, and sauntered off towards The Bone Yard, a satisfied gait added to his considerable waddle. Nattie rushed to Sarah, taking her wrist in both hands and letting out a cry at the bruise that was starting to form there. \"Good God, baby – what are we going to do?\" Bess emerged from around the corner. She'd managed to conceal herself during the confrontation. It had taken everything to keep quiet – to not run out the back of the boarding house. Of course, it would be just like Midas to have men watching the place. What used to be a safe space was quickly closing in – not just on her, but on her two angels who had been so kind. Whatever happened, Nattie and Sarah shouldn't suffer. Not because of her. \"It's obvious,\" Bess responded quietly in her crisp, lilting speech. \"I made this mess for you two. I'm going to have to clean it up, aren't I?\" She'd been able to take some money with her. Bess had managed to pry a few bills from the wall safe in her husband's study, and had hid it for weeks before the night that Leland Norcross had died – she'd done that right, at least. While working at the boarding house, she'd gotten a place to sleep and food for free. That had been lucky, too. Bess had at least seventy dollars after the train ticket, and that might at least get her out of Camden although getting out undetected was going to be the real trick. She knew that no one could blame Nattie or Sarah if the strange young woman who claimed to be her Sarah's niece turned out to be a thieving imposter. But after that? After she was past the town limits? Where could she go? \"No matter now,\" she thought to herself. \"I'll just have to find somewhere. I can't stay here.\" It all happened so quickly that recalling it later would make Bess' head spin – Sarah had run to her bedroom to procure some of her dead husband's clothing from an old trunk. Nattie had run to get shears from the sewing basket. In less than an instant, Bess' dress was gone – replaced with old oversized breeches and suspenders. A beaver-skin coat hung off of her, and she felt enveloped in the ensemble. It felt like wearing someone else's life. Her eyes were cast downward forlornly as she surveyed the space around her feet. Bright poppy-red strands of hair lay cast aside like weeds. It was all hers –or had been, until Nattie had started cutting. \"It'll grow back, little sister.\" Nattie managed through her grit teeth and fear. \"Right now, we've got to get you out of here, and you can't get away from this house lookin' womanly as you do. They know something is amiss,\" \"Thanks to that damned dentist, or whoever he is!\" Sarah added gruffly, hanging a journeyman's pack from Bess' arm. \"Now you listen to me,\" Nattie huffed. \"You're gonna take our horse Jake and ride like hell down the country road just past the corner up hear. You'll ride for about ten miles until you get to Westville,\" \"That'll take hours,\" Bess breathed. \"I'll never make it before dark.\" \"Don't stop unless you want 'em catching you, Bess! We'll stall Midas and his people as long as we can, but you've got to find a place to hunker down for a few days. You get yourself to the boarding house in Westville – we'll find you there later. You got money?\" \"Yes, Nattie-\" she chocked back a scared sob just in time for the other woman to catch her eyes. \"There's no time to cry right now. You've got to go !\" And on the back of old Jake the sorrel horse, Bess' suspender-wearing, boot donning form rode as quickly as it could out of Camden. She held to the horse and the journey pack resting across her body, and tried to not think about being scared. She tried not to think of the shining Colt sitting cold and heavy next to the skin of her waistline. She imagined herself completely invisible, and calm – like the breeze on a summer night. The only thing to give her away were the tiny short strands of poppy red hair jutting in curious ways from out beneath the brim of Thomas Stoddard's old hat. Nattie watched through the front porch window as the men walked out of The Bone Yard all in a haphazard pack. She watched Midas and his compatriots, and she watched who she presumed to be Dr. Schultz take his horse and dentist's cart, complete with a gold-crowned tooth sitting on a spring atop the contraption to the livery stable. It wasn't until the group started towards the boarding house that she got really nervous. She called for Sarah, who had just finished packing away Bess' dress and sweeping up the strands of hair from the middle of the parlor where they'd prepared the girl's disguise. No sooner had the two women composed themselves than Midas burst through the front door all in a huff. \"Really, Midas!\" Sarah huffed. \"There's no need to act so untoward.\" The businessman straightened his waist jacket by tugging both sides out towards the front, and he cast a sideways glance back towards the curious man in a well-tailored grey suit and matching bowler. \"This here is the Widow Stoddard, Dr. Schultz. She's been harboring the criminal, alright!\" \"Ah - please Mr. Midas, \" The doctor's face frowned slightly. \"We are in the company of ladies. Even under the circumstances, there is no need to be so…brusque.\" Nattie wrinkled her nose slightly, and cast a sideways glance at Sarah who cocked her eyebrow. The man was clearly not native born – in fact, his speech and mannerisms immediately set him apart from the rest of the tiny mob. His voice was crisp and lilted slightly. The sound itself was a sharp contrast to Midas' slovenly growl. The doctor moved haltingly forward, removing his hat before tilting his head slightly towards Sarah. \"It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Mrs. Stoddard. You…are the owner of this fine establishment?\" \"I am,\" Sarah replied softly. \"But I haven't been harboring any criminals . None we knew about, anyhow.\" \"Well, it don't matter now.\" Midas growled again. \"Give the murderess to us, or we'll be locking you both up.\" \"Well, Midas- you might just have to do that. You see, the girl I thought was my niece has robbed us and left.\" There was a stunned silence as the woman's words sunk in. \"How? When?\" the doctor inquired crisply. \"I believe-\" Sarah looked into Nattie's face as if searching for an answer. \"I believe that she left sometime earlier today. There is money gone from the lockbox I keep in the back room. She also stole my best muslin cap. Always a fan of fancy dress, that one.\" \"Absolutely vain,\" Nattie added quietly, for emphasis. \"You know, I bet she used my money to buy another train ticket!\" Sarah placed her hands on her hips and angrily shook her head. \"She arrived by train, and I'm guessing that's how she left, too.\" \"Why on earth,\" Midas huffed \"-do you think we are going to believe that load of horseshit?\" \"Well, Midas – I don't have anything to gain from lying to you, do I? I'm no happier about being robbed as you are about not getting your mitts on 'er.\" For a minute, the room reverberated with tense silence as neither party spoke. Finally, Dr. Schultz cleared his throat and threw his hands together, wringing them in a satisfactory way. \"Well, this is unfortunate I suppose – but not completely unexpected.\" He turned back towards Sarah and Nattie, smiling. \"Ladies – I am a weary traveler in unfamiliar country. The day is almost ended. Might I patronize your boardinghouse for a night's rest? I realize you have had a trying day, but I have already seen to my horse and cart at the stable, and I smell something delicious that I hope is being prepared for the evening meal?\" Hesitantly, the women looked at each other. Sarah plastered a frozen smile on her face. \"Why, of course, Doctor. You're welcome to room with us for the night.\" \"Excellent,\" the doctor responded – almost too cheerfully. \"I hope you don't think this is over, Widow Stoddard!\" Midas yelled over the pleasantries being exchanged. \"Well, of course not!\" Sarah assured him. \"I'm hoping the girl is caught so's I can get my cap back! It's the best one I've got, you know…\" \"Blast you to damnation!\" Midas muttered, and he left with his small pack not far behind. It was rather obvious right away to King Schultz that the two women were lying. It was even obvious to the saloon owner who, for all his buffoonery, was not a complete idiot. The problem was that there was no way to find the Norcross woman and bring her to justice without gaining the trust of the boardinghouse owner and her companion. The two moved around him urgently like startled birds, and the other boarders who were staying the night at Sarah's Room & Board were congenial but obviously did not want to involve themselves in the particular kind of trouble that he represented. After a modest supper of chicken and dumplings, King took a detour on the way back to his room. There were answers here as to the whereabouts of the fugitive, he could feel it. It made him uneasy to put the Widow Stoddard in a threatening position. Then again, if she had knowingly given sanctuary to a woman who was wanted for murder –well, then she would get what was coming to her. At any rate, a one thousand dollar bounty was simply too much to ignore. \"Mrs. Stoddard, I think you are telling tall tales.\" Sarah looked up from her place at the kitchen table where she was minding her account books by lamplight. The task was methodical and had been calming. She'd thought that everyone in the house had gone to bed, including the doctor. However, she also had known that the chance she'd sleep that night were slim. So here he'd found her, in a badly-lit kitchen and alone to boot. \"Why doctor! What are you doing up and about?\" \"I could ask the same of you,\" he motioned to a chair as if asking permission to sit. Sarah nodded reluctantly. \"I think that in your case, you cannot sleep because of…something on your conscience?\" \"Now, Doctor Schultz – that is ridiculous. You heard me earlier today…\" \"And I didn't believe you then, either! Come, come – \" the man said with a curious sense of urgency. \"You know as well as I do that the woman who was here never for one moment had you believing she was your niece .\" \"Doctor, I don't think that this is an appropriate conversation to be having right now.\" Sarah insisted, standing and picking up the account book. Likewise, the doctor hopped to his feet. \"Mrs. Stoddard, I wonder if you can guess what it is that I have in my pocket? You see, it was most curious…but this evening I came across this on the floor in your parlor. \" At that moment, Dr. Schultz pulled a long bundle of red strands from the small pocket of his gray waistcoat. \"Why, doctor - that's nothing but a hunk of my own hair! I had Nattie give me a bit of a trim yesterday…\" \"Ach!\" The man make a noise that made Sarah jump a bit. \"You are lying again Mrs. Stoddard!\" he tossed the strands onto the table. \"I don't wish to be indelicate, but this hair is markedly different than your own. The hue is much brighter, and yours – well, we have both begun to see the evidence of our years, haven't we?\" King motioned to his own head, and Sarah gave a heavy sigh. \"I do not think that your best cap was stolen as I do not believe that Elizabeth Norcross had any hair to use in it when she left here today. And am I correct in assuming that you would rather deal with me in this matter than our mutual acquaintance from earlier this afternoon?\" Sarah stood silent for a moment, considering her options. She turned to one of the cupboards behind the kitchen table and procured a bottle of whiskey which she place between their seats. \"Care to join me in a drink?\" she asked lightly. \"Ah, I usually prefer beer – but if it puts you at ease, of course.\" King smiled, evidently pleased with himself. Sarah poured two short glasses of the liquor, and quickly shot her's back before continuing the conversation. \"Before I tell you anything, I'd like to know how you found out about Bess.\" \"Elizabeth Norcross? She is being sought after by a great many people. I assure you I am not the only one – but I was approached as were others of my profession with the…pertinent details.\" Sarah nodded. \"So that fancy family in Boston – they're out for her blood.\" \"She killed her husband, Mrs. Stoddard.\" The doctor's face sobered into a stern expression. \"That's quite serious, no matter how you look at it.\" \"But what if he'd deserved to die, Doctor Schultz? What if she'd done what she had to in order to stay alive?\" The man was silent, but would not break Sarah's gaze. No one asked questions. No one wanted to know about the woman dressed like a man who was taking a room at the cheapest flophouse in Westville. After making sure Jake was settled, Bess paid an old wiry man for a few nights upfront, went directly to her room, and locked the door. For a moment after the knob clicked in a satisfactory way, she starred down at it. Then, she took an old half-broken chair from next to the dusty cot that served as a bed, and wedged it under the knob's stern. Surely that would buy her a few seconds if the worst happened. Bess watched the single window in her dingy little room. Sometimes she fell to sleeping from extreme exhaustion. She would always start awake at the smallest unfamiliar noises, and for a moment she would always be terrified. Eventually, her heart would start beating normally and she'd remember to breathe. Sometimes she paced the floor back and forth. She found herself second guessing the plan that the three women had concocted. They'd had less than an hour - had done their best to think everything through…but there were always flaws, even to perfectly constructed solutions. Everyone was supposed to think she was dead – burning down the Norcross mansion should have led everyone to believe that. Someone must have seen her – gotten wind of what was going on. Evidently, she had been careful but not careful enough. For a day and a half, Bess did not emerge from the grimy little hole she'd managed to bury herself into except to check on Jake. She'd spend a little time patting his nose and making sure he was receiving the right kind of care before she'd scurry back to her room. Bess ate salted pork and hard biscuits that Nattie had packed in the journeying satchel she'd swung over the young woman's shoulder. Bess cleaned her gun, and prayed. On the second day of her exile, Bess decided to go check on Jake under the cover of dusk. The sun was setting, and a certain peace has fallen over the patch of earth that was Westville, South Carolina. Bess washed her face, and decided that she'd have to pay for a bath soon – the spring was turning into early summer, and her room was small and stuffy. She rinsed out her hair, wiped down her neck, and let her skin breathe for a moment before carefully making her way out the door and to the stable where Jake obediently waited. She'd carelessly forgotten Thomas Stoddard's hat. It was what really completed the momentary illusion that she was…well, not a 'she' at all. However, the Colt was in her waistband and the errand was a short one. Besides, Bess knew a familiar face would lift her spirits – even if it did belong to a horse. She didn't see the man who followed her into the stables, and watched her as she patted and fretted over Jake. Bess was so occupied with making it back to her room that she didn't even notice when the man stepped out from the side of the stable door. She didn't realize anyone was there until the man had the young woman in a firm grip. Everything sped up, and Bess panicked. \"I've gotcha now, girlie! Dead or alive, that bounty is all mine,\" she heard an unfamiliar male voice declare. \"Now stop your squirmin' or I'll rip you stem to stern!\" Bess felt something hard come down over the side of her head – she thought maybe it was a gun – and the blow nearly sank her into darkness. Then a rush of realization sent a sensation through her chest and she flailed. Bess was stronger than she looked, and mercifully she managed to slam her fist into the man's jaw. He was stunned long enough for her to fall out of his grip, and scamper like mad across the dirt road. \"Dammit, you read headed bitch ,\" she heard the man yell, and the woman turned just in time to see the stranger coming towards her. Before she knew it, she'd drawn her Colt & raised the pistol towards her adversary. The man stopped, put his hands up, and gave Bess and oily grin. \"And what d'you think you're going to do with that little toy gun you've got there?\" \"I aim to shoot you if I must!\" To prove her point, Bess aimed at the man's shoe. Before she could give herself too much time to think, she'd pulled the trigger and shot near enough to his toe that the man jumped back. \"I'm going to enjoy killing you!\" he howled, and aimed his own gun at Bess' head. Before anything else could happen, another shot sounded deafening Bess momentarily. Her opponent crumpled to the ground like a slack-strung puppet. For a moment, all her eyes could do was look at the corpse of the stranger on the ground. Then she saw the person responsible for ending her assailant's life. Her rescuer was still holding a Derringer towards where the man had fallen. Bess couldn't focus on much past a graying mop of brown hair and a crisp suit that seemed sadly out of place given the surroundings. She must have looked utterly stunned, and realized after a few moments that her mouth was gaping open just a little. Bess made the effort to shut it, and then she swallowed hard. The man seemed not to pay her any mind as he leaned over the corpse. He pulled a few papers out from the man's coat, and read them in a satisfactory way. He then straightened, still holding the papers, and walked toward her. He could have been on a picnic – there was something matter-of-fact about the way he moved that did not attest to the life he'd just taken. The man in his lovely suit was the picture of unconcerned ease. Still too stunned to move, Bess stood stock still on the street trying to decide what she should do. A small crowd had gathered by this point around where the skirmish had taken place. The man seemed unaware as he crossed the dirt road to Bess' side. In a conspiratorial way, he bent his head down towards hers. \"I know that you are frightened, but I must advise you to keep your wits about you and follow my lead .\" A tired-looking older man wearing the tell-tale sigil of a sheriff's star finally walked through the crowd, declaring loudly the unfortunate things that were about to happen to everyone involved in the random shooting that had just taken place in his town. Gathering himself to his full height – which was not that much taller than Bess herself – the man held his hands upward in a mark of surrender. \"We are sorry to have troubled you, Sherriff – I'm afraid there has been an unfortunate chain of events that led to this man's death.\" German. The man was German. Bess could tell by the rising of his vowels, the bitten-off sound of his consonants. There were plenty of immigrants in Boston who had settled in the neighborhoods of the city. It was not uncommon to hear someone from the Rhineland conversing on the busier streets. \"Sir, you'd better have a damn good explanation for killing off someone at random other than a generalized 'unfortunate chain of events' – otherwise you'll hang!\" The sheriff looked exasperated, more concerned at the disturbance than the death itself. \"Yes, of course –\" Bess' rescuer continued. \"I am Doctor King Schultz-\" Bess flinched visibly, but managed not to let her knees buckle. \"-and this man mistook my wife for a fugitive of the law that he was perusing. It was self-defense, as I'm certain many witnesses will be glad to attest to. I took action as soon as I realized that there was trouble.\" It took a few moments for Bess to realize that the Doctor…bounty hunter…or whatever – was talking about her . The man was obviously unbalanced as well as possessing an impeccable sense of timing. She couldn't help but turn her head towards Doctor Schultz, and stare at him a bit slack-jawed. \"You see, the poor devil was a bounty hunter – an officer of the court as I am – and it seems that we were all after the same person.\" The doctor straightened out the paper that had been inside the man's pocket and handed it to the sheriff. \"We have been after the same person it seems ,\" he emphasized this as if it would aide in the explanation, then continued with a nearly theatrical motion. \"I have an identical poster of my own – but I can tell you that my wife is…well, she is not the woman everyone is in such hot pursuit of. The poor man was simply too enthusiastic at the prospect of the large bounty. He would not see reason.\" \"One thousand dollars? I'm not surprised – that's a small fortune,\" the sheriff added, looking solemnly down at the poster, shaking his head. \"Yes, well – there must be at least a dozen bounty hunters I know of who are looking for the same woman,\" at this, Schultz raised his voice. The reality of the situation suddenly hit Bess in the stomach like a rock. Of course there would be people looking for her. The Norcross family had the resources to look for decades if they wanted to, and as long as they thought she was alive, they'd never quit. \"It was self-defense, as I'm certain any witness here will tell you,\" the doctor continued. \"A warning shot was even given, which unfortunately only seemed to enrage the man more.\" \"Well, whatever the case – I think that you best come down to the station to make sure that all the particulars are taken care of,\" the law official added, relieved at what seemed to be a solid explanation – or, at least, solid enough. \"Your wife, she'll probably want to wait for you wherever y'all are staying.\" \"Of course,\" at this Schultz gave Bess a meaningful look. \"You should retire to our apartments until I can clear this up – don't worry, I'll be along soon.\" No sooner had he said these words than he turned and followed the sheriff down the street. Without waiting longer than a beat, Bess turned on her booted heels and walked stiffly into the flophouse – still numb, still unsure of what to do. She could ride away from this place. Indeed, there was very real danger in being indebted to a bounty hunter. It didn't take an experienced fugitive to know that. When she got to her room, she flew into action and began throwing her things together. It would be stupid to stay now. But then her senses started to kick in, and she slowed enough to give herself the ability to think. He'd let her keep the gun. If he'd wanted to hurt her, why would he have done that? He'd seen her use it on the stranger. It puzzled Bess, and she felt so overwhelmed that she sat down on the little broken cot opposite the chair in her dingy little room, and simply sat, sweat, bled, & did her best not to cry. About an hour later, a soft knock sounded on the door. \"Y…yes?\" Bess answered reluctantly. The door opened slightly, and the doctor wearily peaked inside. She must have looked as pathetic as she felt, because without further hesitation Schultz pushed the door open the rest of the way. \"Now, Fräulein, if you please –\" he gave a slight flourish with his hand before sitting down at the end of the saggy little cot. Carefully – almost gently – his lips turned upwards into a slight smile. \"Perhaps I might converse with you about this predicament that you find yourself in?\" ","Summary":" Kings of the Wild Frontier – Part One The woman wiped an errant trickle of blood off of her forehea"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"Django s Gift","Author":"Serpico1986","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13066451","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This story takes place after the events of the movie, so Django and Brunhild are now fugitives, after the Candyland incident. Still, you don´t need to watch the movie to understand this fanfiction, as it´s actually a pratical joke with actor, Jemie Foxx, who is a musician in real life and also played the pianist Ray in another movie. Good reading time. And guest readers, you aren´t welcome, if you want to review, fine, but create an account first, deal? Otherwise, go away. DJANGO´S GIFT DJANGO´S GIFT It has been two months since the Candyland incident and since them, the couple of former slaves, Django and his wife Hilde has been living on the road, as fugitives, sought by all the bounty hunters in the land. _/_ Some time after the escape eventually, Hilde found herself pregnant and the couple decided to take refuge on an abandoned house on their way to Texas, to rest and prepared themselves for the next trip, that could happen anytime soon. By they entered the house, Django and Hilde could realize that the owners of such house, could be fugitives as well, since everything there was on place, including their clothes and a few kitchen utensils. ''not bad to an abandoned house, huh?'' Django pointed out. ''not at all'' his wife agreed and for the rest of the evening, they did nothing, but make themselves at home. _/_ Later that night however, Django couldn´t sleep, he was worried about his wife, his future children and the life they were living, it wasn´t appropriated for a couple waiting to create a family and for once, he hoped everything to end soon. Honestly, he just wished never been a slave in the first place. Unable to sleep then, the get out the bed and start to walk around the house, examining every inch of the place, every picture on the wall and every piece of furniture scattered around, including an old dusty piano. Boring then, the black man sat in front of the instrument and stared at it, before play with the kays, producing what could be called a song, or just some sorrowful melody, from a former slave, who lounges for freedom. From the bedroom, Brunhilde was woke up by such a melody and eventually, turned to her husband side, to call him, finding however, his side of the bed empty and cold. Confused, the woman get up and armed with a single candle, she followed the sound direction, when she found her husband sitting in front of the piano, playing it. ''Django?'' she whispered and in response, the man jumped on his feet, surprised to see his wife´s there. ''Hilde'' he smiled ''you scared me. Sorry if I woke you up'' he said and she approached him with a smile. ''you didn´t'' she said, kissing his head ''why you never told me you know how to play piano?'' ''because, I never knew I knew how to play, I just set there, and the notes flowed beneath my fingers'' he said ''I'm worry, just that'' he said and she kissed him. ''we´re going to be fine, honey, I know this'' ''how do you know?'' he teased her, already knowing the answer. ''because I have a very brave husband, that will protect me and our children no mater what'' she said ''you have a lot of gifts, Django and that's why I trust you and that´s why I love you'' ''I love you too, Hilde, I love you very much'' he said, finally calming down. Maybe Brunhild was right, they will eventually get better one day and Django couldn´t wait for that. END ","Summary":" This story takes place after the events of the movie, so Django and Brunhild are now fugitives, aft"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"First Step Toward Vengeance","Author":"comeGITme","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10060349","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Broomhilda crept out of her hiding space inside the small house in which she and Django were laying low. Django had gone outside to deal with the usual threat of a small group of men with rifles and pistols and every intention to drag him off to jail. But this time was different. This time, he hadn't come back. Broomhilda hurried to the window to see what had happened, and on the ground lay a concrete sign that something was wrong-Django's hat and pistols. She picked up the hat, held it to her heart, and began to weep. It had only been a few months since she and Django had ridden away from the smoldering remains of the hell they called Candie Land, yet Broomhilda found herself cursing the very thing that her beloved husband had to become in order to rescue her in the first place-bounty hunters. Being the fourth largest cotton plantation in Mississippi, word of Candie Land's demise spread quickly. And it was no secret who had brought it about. Django became a wanted man with an astronomical bounty on his head, but only if he was brought back alive. No doubt the authorities wanted to deal with this high profile a case personally. Naturally, this brought on hordes of men who wanted to claim that bounty for their own. Django was usually able to fight them off with a small amount of effort, but bounty hunters can be crafty. Eventually, they found a way to surround and overpower him, leading to his jailing, and undeniably, his execution. The thought was too much for Broomhilda to bear. She had just gotten her love and her life back! Now it was all gone, just like that. As this thought was passing through her head, a spark lit up inside of her, igniting a flame so hot that the tears instantly stopped flowing from her eyes. This whole situation was wrong. This was no time for crying; this was a time for action. Broomhilda slowly stood, and took up Django's guns. The memories of the small amount of training he had given her with them flooded her mind. She walked determinedly back into the house, to Django's dresser, and opened the top drawer. Inside was more ammunition for the pistols she held. She broke open the cylinder for each gun, ejected the spent cartridges, and replaced them with live rounds. Broomhilda felt the weight of the newly reloaded weapons in her hands, and felt right. She knew what she had to do. She closed the top drawer of Django's dresser and walked to the wall across from it, where his gun belt hung from a hook. She strapped it on and put the pistols into its holsters. She was furious and determined. Each bullet had the name of a bounty hunter etched into its jacket. No more crying, no more hiding, no more helplessness. The time was now. She lifted Django's hat to her head, opened the front door, and took the first step toward vengeance. ","Summary":" Broomhilda crept out of her hiding space inside the small house in which she and Django were laying"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"Silver Tongue","Author":"closetpsycho","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11642653","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thinking back on it, Django couldn't remember how his fascination with Schultz had started. At first he'd stayed far away, if possible on the opposite side of the camp. Slowly he began to see Schultz instead of watching him. He saw the way the man's mouth wrapped around a cigarette, how his hands gripped Fritz's reigns, and how his eyes twinkled during almost every conversation the two of them had. He saw Schultz's nose wrinkle and his eyes twitch, whenever a slur was hurled in Django's direction. Django had tried telling Schultz that it didn't matter, but Schultz only scowled harder at that. Schultz was interesting. One evening, with a clear sky above them and a fire in front of them, they'd found themselves sitting side by side. Dinner had consisted of some kind of beef stew that Schultz had claimed was famous in Germany, and Django wasn't sure if he believed the former dentist or not. Schultz had that twinkle in his eye again. Django decided not to ask further and they settled in a comfortable silence. Schultz had taken to staring into the fire and the man's brown eyes took on a color similar to fine whiskey. Django was captivated and he knew he had to do something. Finally, he leaned forward just enough and he hardly registered the beard as their lips met. Schultz tensed momentarily, but then relaxed and Django took that as a good sign. He pressed softly, but put his right hand behind Schultz's head, tangling his fingers just a little in the silvery hair and pushed. His mouth easily merged with Schultz's without any sound coming from either of them, except breaths being taken and clothes rustling as Django moved. Schultz's lips were parched, but so was his own and he slowly moved his leg across the doctor's lap. He successfully placed himself with his knees on either side of Schultz's hips and moved forward eagerly. So far no protests had been made. He was taller than the German, and easily manipulated the man's jaw up for a better, more exciting angle. Schultz was pliant and as Django leaned back for a split second to breathe again, Schultz looked positively sinful. His brown eyes were hooded in the dim lights, and he was looking at Django with a strange sort of awe. Django didn't waste more time and leaned back down for more. The kiss was searing hot in the chilly evening air. Django tugged gently on Schultz's hair, resulting in a barely contained gasp that went directly to Django's groin. With his other hand he explored the doctor's jaw, neck, chest, and stomach. The intention was to travel further south, but this was the moment Schultz chose to intervene. He gripped Django's wrist tightly and it was like he realized what they were doing, \"Stop.\" \"Alright, we'll keep at the lips,\" Django could take a hint and sought for Schultz's mouth again, but the former dentist leaned away from him now, putting a hand up to keep them apart. \"Django, stop,\" the hand that held Django's wrist tightened. Django frowned, \"What's wrong wit' you now?\" \"We cannot do this, Django,\" Schultz said slowly, pushing until Django was forced to move off the man's lap. He let go and ran a shaking hand through his hair. \"What you mean we can't do this? No one's around-\" \"That's not what I'm worried about, although now that you mention it I probably should be worried-\" \"Doc, never mind that now. What do you mean when you say we can't do this? You don't want to? 'Cause in that case, you're great at confusing me. You're good at that anyway, but you get me?\" Django raised one eyebrow. \"I was thinking,\" Schultz began. Django waited, choosing for the moment to ignore the situation in his pants. A situation that Schultz had helped along, but Django couldn't tell if the feelings were mutual. Schultz had grabbed the blanket and slung it around himself. Django sighed, \"We're gonna have that talk today ?\" \"Give me time to think-\" \"You said you was thinking when we was kissing,\" Django interrupted and Schultz sighed. He muttered something under his breath and Django leaned slightly, \"Sorry, what was that, Doc?\" \"Bitte, Django, halt die Klappe,\" Schultz enunciated every word slowly. \"Uh huh? Well, I don't know what that means, but-\" \"It means, please shut your mouth, Django.\" \"So rude,\" Django commented lightly. \"Ich möchte nicht reden,\" Schultz sounded tired, and somehow defeated. He crossed his legs for comfort. \"I do not want to talk right now, Django-\" \"Tough luck then,\" Django interrupted. Schultz didn't tell him off. \"If you was uncomfortable with what we were doing, then you can just say it-\" \"No!\" Schultz cut in too quickly and Django pauses to let the man explain. \"No, I… I was not uncomfortable as such. I was just thinking about your wife,\" the doctor continued, and it sounded like only half the story. \"What about her? She'll like you,\" Django grinned, trying to lift the mood. He was sure Hilde was gonna like the doctor. No way Schultz's soft words wouldn't go to her heart and she'd fall in love with him quickly. \"She won't mind. We always had a code; love is for sharing, but we ain't never found someone we wanted sharin' wit' before,\" he explained roughly. \"And I was thinking about the fact... that I am not very good with physical affection,\" Schultz said, sounding very quiet and his cheeks were turning red. \"Affection?\" Django was not entirely sure he understood. \"Um, körperliche Zuwendung… Care! Physical care,\" Schultz struggled to explain, the blush spreading to his ears. \"You mean the heavy petting and that kind of stuff?\" Django asked for clarification. Schultz nodded and Django snorted, \"I'll show you how to feel good, Doc. Don't you worry.\" \"It's not me I'm worried for,\" Schultz said. \"What Hilde? She can manage herself, if you know what I mean-\" \"Django!\" Schultz hissed, making frantic hand movements. \"I am not very good at showing af- care to others. It's been a while since anyone has shown me that kind of care,\" Schultz explained and the dime dropped. \"Doc, what do you call love in your language?\" Django asked. \"Love? Love is called Liebe,\" Schultz said with a frown. Django inched closer to the grey-haired man, \"What about lovemaking?\" Schultz appeared tired again, \"Django…\" \"What's it called, Doc?\" Django insisted. \"Uh… Geschlechtsverkehr is one word for it.\" \"That's a long word.\" \"Sometimes we just say sex because it's shorter and to the point,\" Shchultz confessed and that was the first time the word 'sex' left Dr. King Schultz's mouth and Django couldn't wait for the second time. \"Is the process just as long as the word?\" Django continued his inquires with raised eyebrows. \"Don't tease me, Django,\" Schultz's nudged his shoulder. \"Who said I was teasing? I might just be hoping?\" \"For sex?\" The second time the word 'sex' left Schultz's mouth and Django wanted to pick up exactly where they'd left off before Schultz had decided to cut it short. \"Maybe not for Geshle-geschlecthsferfera straight away, but just some liebe?\" \"You pronunciation needs work,\" Schultz's tone was bone dry, like his sense of humor. \"Hilde would have known,\" Django shrugged lightly, looking up at the stars again. He leaned back and glanced at Schultz, \"How do you say 'I love you'?\" \"Ich liebe dich,\" Schultz answered without hesitation. \"Ich liebe dich,\" Django repeated, the words wobbling on his tongue but Schultz's smiled at the attempt and that was all he needed. He went to his knees and crawled towards Schultz, putting his hands on the man's shoulders, \"Let me make you feel good, Doc.\" \"Django…\" \"Slow. I promise,\" Django smirked and eased his hands under Schultz's blanket, pushing it off the man entirely. He was going to make tonight the best night Schultz's had ever had. ","Summary":" Thinking back on it, Django couldn't remember how his fascination with Schultz had started. At firs"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"Rara vez","Author":"Betsy97","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9011821","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Supongo que la pelicula le pertenece a Quentin Tarantino. Pero la historia (Fanfic) es mia *-* espero que les guste. R ara vez. Caldie Candie tenía sentimientos que arruinaran sus negocios y placeres, ese tipo de emociones eran problematicas. Asique realmente nunca se había enamorado y ni tenia planeado hacerlo. Hasta que apareci el. (Ni siquiera podría saber si era amor, no tenia el tiempo suficiente para pensar en ello. Pero podría jurar que si lo amaba) Pero claro, el fue totalmente diferente, \"Oh demonios, tan diferente\" Y le encantaba aquello. Seguramente peleo como guerrero, mato, asesino. Solo para ver a su querida esposa en sus brazos ' Oh!'. Se pregunto, si habría una escala de machos ¿en que lugar quedar a el?. Seguramente en un 9. Y todos aquellos pensamientos sobre las aventuras de aquel hombre (Pensaba mucho de su pasado) Seguro y alcanzaba el 10. Sin dudarlo. Nunca entendió a sus esclavos. ¿Porque? no se levantaban en armas y simplemente mataban a sus amos. No son muy interesantes- Inteligentes-, no tienen el coraje para hacer tal acto. Pero el , ' Oh carajos el si tenía tal coraje!' Le fascino aquel chico desde la primera vez que sus ojos tuvieron el derecho para verlo. Quedó fascinado al verlo, y todo el trayecto en el que tuvo la dicha de poder disfrutarlo, se había quedadó solamente enganchado a aquel Hombre... No es gracioso? ¿Quedar tan fascinado por una persona que a penas conoces desde hace menos de una semana?¿Que el hecho, de saber que lo había engañado solo para venir por una mujer le había dolido tanto? No nada mas su orgullo, si no tambien pudo sentir una presión -dolorosa- en su pecho. ¿Que tenia aquella mujer que el no? La pregunta era graciosa, aquella insignificante mujer tenia cosas que-desgraciadamente- no tenia el. (Por obvias razones) ¿Se veía tan obvio su manera de salir de su terrible dolor , haciendo como que si nada paso, con un poco de pastel y Champagne? ¿Si aquel hombre , lo hubiera querido al menos 1/4 parte de lo que sentía, el lo hubiera rescatado, sea cual sea el peligro? Aquel hombre que respondía por el nombre de Calvin Candie, se hacia esas preguntas, en el suelo, sobre su propio charco de sangre, mientras escuchaba tiroteos a lo lejos. Una ultima sonrisa se coló por su cara. \"Oh si!\" Rara vez sentía cosas tan problematicas como lo que sentía por aquel hombre ... pero al menos... solo un poquito -Muy poquito- se iba un tanto feliz por al menos haberlo conocido. Oh carajos, lo sabia desde el principio, el amor y de mas, son cosas que nada mas te acarrean problemas... pero demonios lo valiá. ¿Lo valiá? Que mas da.. aunque.. Valdría mas si viera aquel hombre llorar por su muerte. ¿Oh no? ... ¿Le quitaría esa majestuosa aura de macho alfa ? Que demonios, estaba muriendo, solo quer a ver una lágrima,ó una mirada de preocupación. \"Mierda\" pensó con una ultima sonrisa \"Me has enamorado Django \" \"Tal Vez, - si fuera cierto - en otra vida el y aquel Macho renacían, prometía por su hermana, que lucharía por aquel hombre\" Y espero, sea cual sea su castigo, en la otra vida. (Aunque en ese momento su corazón dolía demasiado por no poder estar con Django , dolía mas que aquella bala clavada en su pecho.) Pero esperaba que en cualquier momento su verdugo fuera un Macho Alfa , que el conocía muy bien. (Lo iba a esperar todo el tiempo posible) \" Que demonios me has hecho Django?\" Pensó mientras la llama de su vida se apagaba. Django... espero que les haya gustado. Y me dejen un rewies me hacen felices. como sea cuando vi la peli me imagine a estos dos juntos, *-* y aqui va mi corta vercion, si quieren conti, subo conti, y ademas lo siento si no esta muy bien redactado ni bien escrito pero NO tengo WORLD :'c asi que nimodo. Los amo. ","Summary":" Supongo que la pelicula le pertenece a Quentin Tarantino. Pero la historia (Fanfic) es mia *-* espe"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"Dr Schultz and the Fräulein","Author":"Poppets16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9209135","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dr King and the Fräulein \"Do you have to go?\" \"I have to Schatzi. This is what I do. And anyway now I have a partner so it's going to be much safer and easier. Once winter is over and I've helped him find his wife I'll be back. Don't fret my love.\" Dr. King Schultz stepped forward, gently taking her arm and pulling her into his embrace. She gladly allowed herself to lean against him and sighed gently as he slid his hands around her waist and kissed the top of her head. \"I feel like you just got here and now you have to leave. I miss you so much when you're gone. I can only hope that Fritz takes good care of you. And tell your partner I want you back safe and sound. Life isn't worth living without you my lieben.\" She began crying softly in his arms and the tears stained his gray coat. \"Shhhh. Please stop. I can't stand to hear you cry. It makes me sadder than I can bear.\" He pulled back from her and his large, strong hands made their way to her face, clutching her steadily and firmly, his thumbs caressing her cheeks and wiping the tears away. Slowly he bent down, resting his lips first on her forehead, then her nose, and finally coming to a halt as his lips met hers. She took a deep, sharp breath before submitting to his kiss and as she did the whole world and its worries melted away and a surge of love made her stomach somersault so intensely she stopped breathing. As he moved back she stared into his hazel eyes and as they sparkled she wondered what it was about him that made her feel this way and she hoped that whatever it was it would last forever for she had never been so happy, content and in love before. And as she thought of these things, he bent down so that he could reach her neck and caress it with his lips while she ran her hands through his soft hair that had grown long since she last saw him. His mouth on her neck was going to be the undoing of her and she'd never let him leave unless he stopped. \"Schätzchen,\" she said breathlessly, \"Do you have time for me to say goodbye to you properly?\" She stared at him, her eyes desperate and pleading and she could see that his eyes gave away the same feelings in him. \"Yes. With everything I am. I want you to.\" Breaking apart for a second, she took him by the hand and led him into the bedroom… ","Summary":" Dr King and the Fräulein \"Do you have to go?\" \"I have to Schatzi. This is what I do. And anyway "},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"Comrades in winter","Author":"dib07","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9066404","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Comrades in Winter By Dib07 It was a cold wintry afternoon and the frost made most creatures snuggle down deeper into the glens, furrows and burrows to escape the bitter claw of winter. The nearest town was Stock Hide some forty miles east, and would take them a gruelling ride of three days if the winter gave them an easier time. However, blizzards were settling, as Dr. King Schultz had pointed out. Familiar with weather, climate predicaments and other changes that went completely over Django Freeman's head, the German bounty hunter seemed easily able to determine what weather lay before them even before the winds themselves knew. Django often wondered how difficult and very alien life would have been to him here if not for Dr. King. As they sat round numerous campfires, sharing their daily kills over a roaring fire, Django would sit and listen to his older friend's anecdotes of Nibelungenlied, hunting, and bounty hunting – naturally. And Django was intimidated by King Schultz. Not intimidated by a sense of fear – but by awe. Schultz seemed to be a living encyclopaedia of useful trivialities, life experiences and of surviving. Most common basic tricks of surviving were often neglected or thrown by the wayside by many men, Dr. King Schultz would say, and keeping the upper hand was often the only way to get out of any situation alive. Django listened intently through the cold nights by the fire. But he was not just awed by the German's knowledgeable categories and tricks of the trade. It was his humanity that Django was most attracted to. If not for Schultz, he would have drowned in hatred and anger, and would have been spat out on the other side by pure human vehemence. Django thought he'd hate all white men, and hate their snobbery, their pride, and their contempt. Now he had been pulled into a different kind of fate, and he felt warmth for the German, and deep respect that would never fade. He loved Dr. King Schultz for that. Despite their candid trials and tribulations on these foothills on the mountains and their growing friendship, Django found something else too. Before, he knew next to nothing about King Schultz except his sudden attribute to being violent when it came to dispatching wanted men. As the days grew short, and the nights long (and sometimes endless) Freeman began to know more about Schultz. Despite how brave and contended the German seemed to be, Django sensed a bottomless sadness in him that was mixed with a cold scoop of impenetrable loneliness. Schultz was old for a bounty hunter, and knew much of the world yet seemed to know little of companionship. He loved to chatter about this, that and the other, but he never liked to talk directly about himself, his background, where he came from and who he had loved and lost. His history was like a blank void refusing to be filled, and Django wanted to fill it: appease the German's loneliness, yet he was too quenched by his loss of Broomhilda to really do much about it. But as they stayed in the mountains of the Deep South, and hunted game, he realized why Schultz had delayed the finding and rescuing of Broomhilda. It wasn't about the money. Schultz had wanted a friend, just for a little while, and wanted to keep Django by his side one last time. Because once Django Freeman had his girl, he would be going his own way, and Schultz his. Django wasn't angry at Schultz's selfish agenda. Only patient. The German had promised to reunite him with his soul mate, and as the days were cut away one at a time, Django learnt to hunt, shoot to kill, and survive. Schultz's selfishness had done him a favour. Whether Schultz knew it himself was a different matter. This afternoon was colder than normal, and Django knitted the furs and shirt at his chest closer together. He had been riding for five hours and King rode abreast of him on beautiful and glossy Fritz. Tony was flagging now, tired, thirsty and hungry. Sometimes the bounty here in the True Wild of southern Texas was good. At other times it was just dirt they found, and cold harbouring rocks. Schultz saw Django straying and reined Fritz to a halt. The black horse pawed restlessly at the iron earth with his hooves. \"There's nothing here to hunt.\" Django said, sensing Schultz's questioning pause. \"There is a way to get to richer grounds.\" And Schultz pointed to the east where they were headed. He pointed to rocky pastures, cliff faces and great scooped shadows of lime and thorny shrub growing on stony hills like stubbly ill growing beards. \"There may be better possibilities of elk there, and pronghorns one would hope. However there is a slight problem with our dear steeds. They cannot traverse such steep hills, so we'd need to hitch them at a tree and go on foot the rest of the way, if it suits you that is, Django.\" \"You really think we'll grab a meal up there?\" He loved how Schultz always seemed to turn the most troublesome of situations into salvation. He was a witch of Texas and a shaman of the wild. But now, more than ever he needed Dr. King Schultz knowledge and survival skills. They hadn't eaten for two days, going on three, this being their third day. At first such measures were down to ill fortune alone. The weather had at first been treacherously sunny, buoyant and hopeful. They had seen hundreds of pronghorn heading deeper south, and they journeyed with them, their burlap packs full of deer meat, coyote skin and fresh lake water. Two days ago the weather turned and great exhalations of snow blinded them for the duration, and they lost sight and sound of the herd of pronghorn. Now Schultz had pointed out that a stronger blizzard would hit them soon, and riding to Stock Hide was tricky. Going back would starve them still further, and their horses were already tired and ravaged by cold. Then they'd get caught in the snowstorm, and be in trouble. They really needed food. Dr. King nodded. \"I do.\" His smile was as charming as ever. His casualness and his phlegmatic views always filled Django with unperturbed confidence. \"Don't you worry, my dear Django. I have methods to my madness, no matter how indignant our situation seems at present. Soon we'll have a fire going before nightfall and we'll be dining on fresh meat for the duration of our stay here! However...\" And his smile, though not dropping, did falter. \"...We will need to separate to increase our chances. You can take the Repeating rifle and I'll keep the Henry.\" \"How will we know when to meet up?\" The afternoon was a bleak one with little sunshine and thick, snow clouds above them. Django expected them to drop off their load of snow at any moment, and still Schultz insisted. \"When the first stars are blazing to the north, we'll head back to the location I will designate as our sojourner, my dear Django.\" \"And if I see no damn stars?\" \"Then when it is too dark to scout for prey. Come, we must hurry.\" Squeezing their horses on, it took them another twenty minutes to reach the formidable escarpment of rock and stone edifices. Grass in weakly yellows littered the cracks like some kind of strange disease. Schultz eased his horse Fritz to a stop once more. Django slid off first in a smooth fashion. Lately he had been getting the hang of horse riding. Dr. King had called him a natural horse rider, and it was only now that he believed him. He grabbed Tony's reins and tied them to the low hanging branch of a cottonwood tree. Already the branch was bristly with ice. He double-knotted the reins. Tony looked at him appealingly for a moment, ears drawn forwards as if in puzzlement, then he dipped his nose to the thin, tawdry grass to nibble at what edible food there was, cold though it maybe. Schultz was about to dismount too, and leaned forwards in his saddle to commence the rising of his right leg, but there he remained, as if frozen by a spell. Django looked at him and a flash of worry sieged him. \"Schultz?\" \"Oh, it's nothing. Nothing at all, just thinking, as I commonly do.\" He rose his leg and swung out of the saddle with his usual swiftness, but to Django the movement seemed a little stiff and awkward than normal. But when Schultz turned to him, though his face was pale, his eyes were smiling. \"We must hurry. The snow will be upon us at twilight I will presume if my tidings are correct in this matter. Is your mount secure, Django?\" \"Yes.\" Schultz smiled again. \"Good. Shall we?\" They proceeded on like determined hermits, and left their horses tied to the large, yet bare cottonwood. The horses looked on for a moment, their hazy exhalations of breath steaming up into the air like dragon smoke. Then they returned to feeding. King Schultz picked his way through the scrub and scree like an expert, leading Django onwards and upwards. Some disconsolate stone and flint came loose and fell away at the kiss of their boots. Still, they climbed, heading into the bitter ice and winds. Django pulled his leather cowhide hat further towards his eyes, but it did little to bring solace. Schultz kept going, and they walked down a ravine of granite and coal. Soon though the ground opened out again and they were on an elevated valley full of rocky hills, scrubland and dry, wicked trees that looked ghostly in the gloom. Much to their relief they both heard the distant mating whine of a mature elk. Django unconsciously clenched the stock of his rifle. \"Here.\" Schultz proposed suddenly, and tapped the toe of his boot on the ground. \"Is where we'll meet. Oh, and please don't get lost! You'd be a sore weight on my back, and this time of year brings volleys of wolf packs. Be careful.\" Schultz often sounded playful, even naïve sometimes, but this time Django heard an underlining of seriousness in his usually tender voice. Life was brutal, especially in winter. When people did not bring trouble, animals did. \"I will.\" He returned as boldly as he could, but Dr. King had already turned to go left, leaving Django standing in the hazy gloom. The air was heavy with snow. As he watched the old man leave, he felt a dark yawn of premonition. He did not like to dwell on such things, so he turned to go his way: right. So the two bounty hunters went their separate ways, both of them slowly starving. Both of them sharing feeling that were some parts hopeful, some parts pessimistic. Hours did pass. And the clouds were too thick and cloying to give way to the grandeur of the stars. It was dark however, and though the untidy scenario of the rocks and crags stood out like golem heads, Schultz started his way back. Surprisingly his hunting was unsuccessful. And he brooded on this. Maybe his decision to endure the winter by entering the wilds wasn't such a bright idea. They had gathered sufficient coin and were on their way back to the borders of civilization when the first blizzard hit. Django had fallen from Tony two days ago and had concussed himself. While he was swimming in the dark stupors of sleep, wolves had come and stolen their meat from the burlap sacks. If it had not been for that, they both would have been fine. Now the clock was ticking, their horses were weary and hunger was setting its teeth in steadily deeper still. Often when he was alone he muttered to himself, as was his behaviour when he travelled purely as a loner. And his speech was always in his home tongue. His dry remarks were a comfort. He always loved to hear his own laconic German narratives. Now he had no energy even for that. Walking was a bother, and his Henry felt colossally heavy and ultimately useless in his gloved hand. He had come close to elk, he thought he had, but the gloom had failed his predatory stalking and the deer had caught wind of him. Usually in such conflicting conditions he could find something edible, but the virulent winter and his age made him clumsy and stupid in the cold. He just hoped that young Django was having better luck. He did not see the trap. His eyes, languid with fatigue, saw the brackish, gelid iron too late, and saw its rusty shadow at the last moment. By then there was nothing he could do. His boot had landed on the thin, metal trigger and the grinning, wide jaws capable of immobilising a bear had snapped closed round his thin ankle. His body welled with numb surprise and he could only look down and remark upon it with his eyes, his lips muttering mutely on the wind. Then extraordinary pain funnelled up from his ankle and very soon his leg, thigh and chest was roiling in pain and fire. He threw alarm and bewilderment aside and knelt down on his knee and wrangled his hands to the jaws. As the pain built, his wild ferocity widened. His hands sought to release his leg as his fingers cupped between its merciless teeth – and he pulled. The teeth started to part slowly – like a clam opening its lips to breathe in the underwater currents. Schultz's hands began to shake, and the inside of his boot filled with the warmth of his own blood. A muscle twanged low in his back from all the day's exertions, and he lost his strength. He knew before the teeth had realigned themselves in his flesh that he was on the losing end. The quick-snap of jaws buried deep at his bone and though he had felt great pain before, he could barely stifle the gasp that rose from his throat. Floods of red liquid that soiled his fingers and sullied his boot jetted out of the holes as the iron remade its marriage. He sat back for a moment, breathing thinly between clenched teeth and trying to somehow overcome the meddlesome panic that was close to erupting in his mind. He looked about him, trying to focus himself away from the ever increasing blood flow and terrible hurt. A fog was descending over the rocky valley and the teasing calls of the elk sounded closer to him now than they had been all afternoon. But then another call came from a very bothersome animal. The coyote. The fog and wind chill had probably done very little to hide the stink of opulent blood. Schultz tried to will the pain away. An impossible feat, but he tried regardless. Age, wisdom and experience had taught him some things, not all of them helpful. If he caved into panic now, and reduced to a gibbering man with the pain, he'd die. With trained eyes, Schultz ignored the grinning trap of teeth and saw that it was attached to a rather long and metal length chain half buried in mud gone hard from winter's tireless grip. He tried to move forwards on his good knee, and could only manage a grimacing shuffle of five inches before deep pain lashed through his nerves. Blood was now seeping out from beneath the sole of his boot and darkening the weedy grass that lay there. He followed the links of chain with one hand, and the chain ran taut into mud. He tried to wrestle the rest of the chain free, but it held firm. It was useless anyhow, he figured after a bout of German cursing. The chain would follow up into an iron peg that was tethered deep into the ground by a pickaxe. It was probably set by luckless hunters in the autumn before the first snowflakes fell. Even if he found his way to the peg he could never be able to lift it free, and even if he did, how could he walk…or drag this trap back to the meeting point? He tried to clear his mind as darkness beat at his ears and thoughts. He had walked miles to stalk elk. He feared he may well be at least an hour from the clearing they had agreed to meet at. Even if Django were there now, waiting from him, there was no way to reach him. Schultz looked down at the cause of his imprisonment. This was not a good way to go. Old hope stirred in his heart. Django would wait for him, and then realize that Dr. King was late, too late, and that something must have happened. He would come looking for him, perhaps. But darkness was leering through the air quicker than ever, and there would be no moonlight to guide Django through the inky fog. Schultz mused at how unlucky he was. He could sit, and wait. The pain would be terrible, and so would the blood loss, but if he kept still and did not struggle like a tormented fox, he could last a while longer. But it was bitterly cold, and if he did not move about to keep his body temperature up, he would die from hypothermia, and not blood loss at all. He knew that it had happened before to Long Hunters in the north who tracked a prized bear or white wolf. They would travel the animal for a duration, then proceed to get lost, go round in circles and succumb to the cold of the ruthless American winters. How the Comanche managed such winters without layers of traditional clothes, Schultz couldn't help but laugh at until he cringed in pain. \"I'm sorry, Django. You may have to fetch your wife without me.\" He closed his eyes for a moment, willing for that shore of final strength to shrug the teeth from his leg and set himself free. But he felt only a wave of weakness. Trying to free himself, and failing a second time would bring too much pain to bear. \"Django… verzeih mir…\" Dib07: I watched Django Unchained and fell in love with it. And suddenly I had a craving to do this story, whether it be a simple one-shot or not. Now that craving has been fulfilled and I have utterly enjoyed writing this. Thank you for reading, and if you are feeling kind, please drop me a review, and if you want this continued, let me know. ^_^ ","Summary":" Comrades in Winter By Dib07 It was a cold wintry afternoon and the frost made most creatures snuggl"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"Kings of the Wild Frontier - Part Two","Author":"wordbyrd","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9409026","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"I did kill him, you know. I killed my husband.\" Bess wasn't certain why she felt the need to reiterate that fact – certainly it was assumed by the good doctor. Still, she felt the warning might give her time…or at least give Schultz pause just in case she had misjudged his character. The words, once she'd spoken them didn't quite sound like her own, and Bess thought that everything had taken on a suddenly surreal hue. The room was softer at the edges, and her heart was moving like a swift pinging hammer - it seemed capable of breaking the ribcage that held it in place. \"If you were to take me in…if you killed me and collected the reward, you'd be justified in your actions, Doctor. Quite frankly, I don't know why you and I are sitting here having such a civil…chat.\" Dr. Schultz raised his eyebrows, and inhaled what little air he could in the small cramped quarters. He tilted his head slightly to one side, twisting his beard a bit as he took in the fugitive he'd been hunting for the better part of the last month. He'd first gotten wind of her crimes in Knoxville where he'd been dealing with a band of particularly vicious horse thieves. Usually, a singular criminal was hardly worth the time and funds that it took to hunt them – better to set out after multiple offenders at once. However, the reward attached to this particular vagabond had been so large that he – as well as others in his profession – had been immediately intrigued. There was, every now and again, a woman that necessity dictated he should have to deal with. There were a number of killers, cattle rustlers, and brutal desperate humans in the wilds of America – some of whom happened to be female. Most were just as, if not more, immoral than their male counterparts. It was a strange irony that such a thing as that seemed to support equality between the sexes. He had expected the same unpleasant roughness from the Norcross girl, though the thousand dollar bounty had led him to believe her to be even more…formidable. She did not look threatening, and seemed more frightened child than hardened criminal. Large hazel eyes shone fever bright like brass buttons from a pale, oval face. Her hair was, as he'd expected after his investigation at the boarding house back in Camden, a bright red that was almost otherworldly. Of course, the ragged tufts of it shot up at different angles in an almost humorous way – no doubt the work of Nattie's nervous, harried chopping in the parlor on the day that Bess had flown from her hiding place. Elizabeth Norcross had already succeeded in looking nothing like the formerly pampered Northern woman of means who'd been running for her life. The wanted poster had given everyone the impression that Bess was a great and terrible beauty. This poor little wretch was not even pretty – but singular, certainly. And where had she learned to shoot a gun like that, anyway? \"Well, those are pertinent facts, Mrs. Norcross…but there are facts, and then there is…the real story, yes?\" \"If you please, Doctor - I never want to be called Mrs. Norcross again,\" Bess growled softly. The older man made an apologetic motion with his hand, and caught Bess' eyes. \"How foolish of me – I'm sorry. Of course. Sarah – she told me about your…previous experience.\" Bess sat very still, quietly regarding Schultz. \"The night terrors, all of it,\" King continued. \"So, fräulein….Bess?\" Schultz tried the name out, elongating the consonants on the end which he stretched out until he sounded a little like a child's imitation of a snake. \"Your friends – they have made a very generous business offer to me, and I have accepted. It seems that the Widow Stoddard and her companion are looking to join Nattie's family in Ohio…after what has transpired in Camden, they do not feel they can keep the boardinghouse open without trouble.\" Bess bit her lip, fixing her eyes down at her hands. Guilt made a pang in her gut. It was her fault. It was all her fault that Sarah and Nattie had to leave their home. \"At any rate,\" Schultz continued. \"They feel sure that if you can meet them in the north, they will be able to shield you. I have some doubts about this plan, but with my help we might achieve certain…measures that will throw any other bounty hunters - like myself - off your trail. In this, I can be a valuable ally.\" At this point, Schultz let himself smile a bit proudly, motioning towards the woman who still looked nonplussed, numb. \"Sarah has given me an advance of three hundred dollars, and will also pay me a large percentage of the profit that they will gain from selling the boardinghouse for my services. The rest of their money, they will use for their own traveling expenses.\" \"That seems like a lot of trouble, Doctor,\" Bess wondered aloud. \"Wouldn't it just be easier to kill me and collect all the money? Why should you help a hardened, cold-blooded murderess?\" She emphasized the last few words sardonically, still testing her new acquaintance. The doctor wrinkled his brow, unable to answer the young woman. It really would be easier to shoot her. Certainly, he'd had the chance back on the street. He'd watched her go into the barn to see her horse, and could have ended her life before the interloper had made his presence known. Of course, he'd made a deal with Sarah…but she and Nattie were guilty of harboring a criminal. They'd never be able to hold him to his word if indeed he did decide to collect the reward for Bess. Gently, Schultz stood and reached across the table. Despite himself and the gravity of the situation, his lips turned upwards slightly at Bess' pronouncement. His hand gently tilted her head towards the light from the small, dingy window in the room and he inspected the place where she'd been hit by the man – the man who had been hunting her, and was now dead thanks to the doctor's Derringer. \"Trapped creatures fighting for their lives cannot truly be blamed for their actions,\" was all he could think to say. The first thing they did was leave the tiny, dusty little burg called Westville. Schultz had cleared everything up with the sheriff in a satisfactory way, and he informed Bess that he thought it would be best to escape before their presence was further scrutinized. It was at that point the doctor began saying things that Bess didn't like very much. He did this calmly and without relish – in the gentle manner of someone breaking bad news to a child. Still, life suddenly became…complicated. First of all, there was the matter of Jake the horse. Sarah had given the doctor permission to sell him as part of her payment for Schultz's services. Even though the man Schultz made this transaction with seemed nice enough, Bess hated to see the only friend she'd had for the last three days trot away. Jake had symbolized her home, as well as her connection to Sarah & Nattie. Without him she felt even more alone. It occurred to her more than once that Schultz could be lying about his interaction with her friends. She thought about going back to Camden to make certain the doctor's story was true, but the opportunity for escape seemed to have passed her by already. And anyway, why would he lie? They both knew exactly where the other stood in terms of their particular arrangement. For Bess to strike out on her own without Schultz would mean almost certain demise. So late the next morning, after watching Jake trod off to his new home, Bess took a seat next to Dr. Schultz on his traveling wagon and they headed off to the next town. The wagon's seat itself was spring-cushioned and afforded some comfort. However, Bess was still wary – her mouth kept going dry, and she shook with little provocation. The six-shooter was still tucked into the waistband of her pants. It was heavy, and warm against her skin. It felt more alive than she did. For the first hour or so of the jostling, bumpy ride Bess remained mired in her own thoughts. Occasionally, Schultz would say something in German to his horse, Fritz. She had been properly introduced to the beast before they'd left the town, and she'd found that the doctor had trained his stallion to do a little bow whenever he said Fritz's name aloud. Despite herself, she'd grinned and affectionately rubbed the horse's velvety nose. The wagon's harness jangled pleasantly, and there was a curious 'thwap-boing' noise that came from the top of the wagon's ornamental tooth every few minutes. In the late morning sun there were moments when Bess could almost image that she was not herself. The air and motion loosened her bit by bit, and she began to think of things other than death and fear for the first time in days. The motion of the ride was very nearly meditative, and her mind began wandering towards words from books about heroes and adventures. If she held her breath and wished, maybe she would not be Elizabeth Norcross, murderess and fugitive of the law riding next to a bounty hunter dentist who could end her at a moment's notice. Like a madwoman in a dream, she muttered verse under her breath, certain that the noise from the wagon and road would shield her voice. \" The gemmy bridle glitter'd free/Like to some branch of stars we see/ Hung in the golden Galaxy/The bridle bells rang merrily…\" From beside her on the wagon seat, Schultz made a quiet, almost satisfied noise in the back of his throat. Right after Schultz said the next thing Bess didn't like, he found himself dodging objects from the hotel room he'd purchased. \"No!\" Bess shouted loudly, wheeling around in a fit of rage. \"No! Absolutely not!\" \"Scheiße!\" Schultz dodged a tin washing basin that had been, till recently, sitting on a large worn-looking vanity. \"My dear fräulein, please!\" the older man pleaded. \"Please calm down, and let me finish…\" Yes, it would have been easier to shoot her. \"Do you think me mad?\" Bess yelled. \"Right now you are quite mad – yes, I'd say so. Now…\" Schultz put both of his hands in front of himself as if showing a wild animal that no harm would come to it. \"If you could just hear me out, I might elucidate this –admittedly odd – suggestion to you.\" \"I told you – I killed my husband,\" she bellowed back. \"I don't want another.\" \"What I am suggesting is a simple ruse, not any real matrimonial entanglement,\" the doctor countered. \"What I am suggesting with my expertise, which I must point out is far greater than your own, is that those who are searching for you are searching for a woman alone ! If you are not alone – and more than that, the wife of a bounty hunter, there will be no suspicion.\" \"You!\" Bess was now shaking her finger at Schultz in a rage. \"You've thought about this! You lecherous old man, you THOUGHT about this!\" \"Mein Gott, woman!\" At this point, Schultz drew himself up to his full stature – which wasn't much taller than Bess herself, and his face set into angry awe at the insinuation. He took a moment to calm down, taking a deep breath. \"I have nothing but good intentions, and I will continue to have them unless you keep throwing objects at my head - in which case I will be forced to shoot you out of self-defense!\" Bess balled her fists at her side, and looked directly into the doctor's face. If she was acting savagely it was because she felt savage. Putting herself in anyone's power – let alone an individual who was a deadly shot, and seemed ruthless as well as nearly insane would simply not do. As if able to read her mind, the doctor continued in a calm, metered tone that seemed almost indifferent. \"I can assure you that I have no plans to harm you, such as things stand at this moment – this is simply a business transaction. As a bounty hunter, I work in a flesh-for-cash business. The only difference this time is that I am simply transporting you – out of the goodness of my heart, might I add! – to those who have hired me for my…particular skill set. You, fräulein, are my cargo. As I see it, you can be LIVE cargo that is delivered relatively unscathed to the Widow Stoddard in Ohio…or you may take your life into your own hands.\" \"Cargo!\" she breathed, incensed. Her nostrils flared, and she had the overwhelming urge to grab for her gun…and then she thought better of it, remembering the man in the street at Westville. There was no difference, then, between a roomy mansion in Boston and a hotel room in the backwater of the frontier. Birds in cages are still trapped, no matter what room they are moved to. She could refuse the doctor's help – but what was stopping him from shooting her himself and taking her in for the reward? Certainly, Sarah had given him an alternative and he seemed at least kind enough to take it – but if the agreement were to be broken, what was stopping him from taking her in – dead or alive? She gathered herself, and crossed the hotel room that – while certainly nicer than the flea-infested space she'd rented in Westville – did not seem large enough for both her and the doctor anymore. Taking a stance at the window, she looked out into the darkening twilight. Something about the light reminded her of bruised flames, and rotting fruit. She could hear the doctor take a seat behind her in the chair next to the vanity. \"I thought we might purchase you clothing befitting your assumed role – and, as the best lies are often mostly true, we will need to have a short formal ceremony – in order to procure documents proving to all those who inquire that you are indeed my wife, and not Elizabeth Norcross, fugitive at large.\" \"I'll need a new name?\" \"Inevitably so, my dear. I will leave it to you to choose an appropriate moniker.\" \"And after we arrive? In Ohio, I mean – once I'm with Sarah and Nattie again?\" \"We'll simply annul the…legal contract. There is no reason that we could not, as I am NOT the lecherous old man that you suppose me to be, and you obviously find this, ah, situation – unacceptable.\" He emphasized the last two words, and Bess made a mental note that his accent grew thicker when he was exasperated. It would be useful to know that. She held on to the sill, to keep herself upright. Oh, the mess she'd made… Bess was not certain how long she stood at the window in mute shock and silence. After a few minutes, the doctor excused himself from the room, and left her alone with her thoughts. The street outside grew dark, and she could see lamps light up in the windows across from where the hotel stood. Eventually, Bess realized that her legs were getting tired, and her stomach was growling fiercely. Defeated, she sat down on the large four-poster bed that stood against the far wall from the door. She ran her hand over the soft coverlet and sheets, and was nearly ready to give into the utter exhaustion she felt when there was another – familiar, by now – soft knocking on the door. Schultz bustled into the room with a plate and a glass of water. \"I was nearly afraid to come in! I thought perhaps you'd had time to find more things to throw at me!\" Bess smiled to herself as Schultz unloaded the plate and glass onto the surface of the vanity, and then pulled a chair up to the scuffed-up piece of furniture. \"Now, I can't have you dying of hunger,\" he proclaimed, clamping his hands together then using them to direct her towards where he'd set the plate. \"It's not Widow Stoddard's chicken and dumplings…but I think it will do.\" \"Thank you,\" Bess managed to say with some conviction. Schultz pulled the chair out for her as she seated herself, and then, despite everything she dug into the food as if she hadn't eaten in years. As she ate, Schultz lit a lantern in the room and laid out a grey leather-bound portfolio with various documents in it on the bed. He stood, wire gold-rimmed glasses soon retrieved from his waist-coat pocket, and rifled through the papers amid the sometimes loud noises of Bess' food inhalation. She came up for air a few minutes later, wishing desperately to break the silence with something other than the sound of chewing and the soft shifting of paper. Again, Bess surveyed the man. She could get a better look at him now without his hat and overcoat. As she'd observed earlier, he was only a little taller than herself. His clothing was just as well tailored as many of the people she'd known in Boston. Certainly, he was a person of some means, even if those means were paid for with outlaw blood. \"I didn't mean to insult you.\" Schultz looked up towards where Bess was sitting, and raised both of his brows in mock surprise. \"Insult me? You were throwing things. At my head.\" \"I…I know, and I'm sorry. I know you're just trying to help…I mean, I know you want to get your…cargo where it needs to go.\" \"Well,\" Schultz countered, looking back down at one document in particular that he had clasped in his hand. \"You are in a peculiar and stressful situation. Just don't do it again…or I really might shoot you.\" Bess grinned, taking a piece of bread of the plate. She tore it into little pieces, and mopped up the thick brown gravy left over from the meat she'd long since eaten. \"Doctor, I hate to interrupt you – but as you can imagine, I have some questions.\" \"Of course you do,\" he replied, not raising his head or so much as glancing at the woman. \"Well…I suppose that I wondered about who you are. I mean, you are German. I know that much. You are apparently a bounty hunter of some renown. I know that too. What I don't know is,\" and here, Bess stopped for a breath before daring to launch into the rest of her query - \"why does a German man…one who is educated as…a dentist? Why does such a man come to America and take on bounty hunting as a profession?\" Schultz's full attention was suddenly fixed on Bess, and she could not read the expression on his face. \"You have an ear, do you? For voices? Accents?\" \"I do – and anyway, your horse is named Fritz. You spoke to him all the way here in German. I thought you knew it was obvious to me.\" Or you simply didn't care, she added mentally. \"And I wonder,\" he began, \"how a woman like you – from the north and very rich – has the presence of mind to aim a gun at the feet of a man who is threatening to kill her...unless that is what they are teaching young accomplished ladies in finishing school now? I am wondering how this same woman can light a house on fire, kill her husband, hide out in South Carolina after traveling for days on a train, and still have the wherewithal to recite poetry?\" Both bounty and hunter locked eyes for a moment, one suspiciously regarding the other. Unsettled by his pronouncement, Bess gave up and went back to eating her bread. She was there. It was like she hadn't left. The blood had stained the soft fawn-brown leather of her house shoes. It had sprayed down her face, into her hair, down her dress, and finally it had made its way to her shoes. She wondered at it – thought, in her shock, that it looked like a small river. Her face throbbed, and she buckled. She couldn't breathe because of all the blood – there was so much blood. She could hear him shouting things at her – shouting things about the useless stupid bitch he'd married who wasn't even as good as those other women – women he visited often at the houses of ill repute they both knew he went to. \"If you leave, I'll make sure your mother dies on the street. I'll make sure they find you in a ditch.\" It was the second time he'd broken her nose. When Bess finally woke up, Schultz was kneeling beside her next to the bed. Had he shaken her awake? Had she roused herself from the nightmare? She didn't know. He'd been snoring softly in the chair across the room when she'd finally lost consciousness – but they were both wide awake now, that was certain. The older man poured water into the glass she'd been drinking from earlier, and Bess sat up – embarrassed and apologetic. Bess drew her knees up to her chest, and tried to make out objects in the room from the little bit of light coming in through the window. She accepted the glass thankfully. It was odd – waking up and not having Nattie's arms around her. She wanted Sarah's soothing voice, telling her that it had only been a dream. There was only this stranger now – but at least he seemed respectful, if cool. She drank her water, doing her best to breathe normally. The doctor stayed next to her, and she thought for a moment that he must have had a good bedside manner when he'd been a dentist – just a dentist. \"I-I'm sorry,\" she stuttered. \"They just happen – the dreams just happen, and I'm so loud-\" Schultz made a 'shushing' sound, then took back the glass in order to refill it with water. When he returned, she was sitting cross-legged on top of the comforter. \"You know,\" he said softly, \"I think I would like to tell you a story now.\" His voice seemed to reverberate a little in the darkness, and Bess could feel herself relaxing. She had been almost afraid to fall asleep – the night terrors seemed an unlucky inevitability, and she could not guess how her traveling companion would react to cargo that might end up screaming half the night. \"In the place I come from, there has been much…unrest,\" at this, Bess could see the doctor's hands moving in the darkness as if he needed them to help pull the words out of the air around him. \"I won't bore you with every detail. Suffice it to say that there are those in power who do not have the good of the people at heart. I had friends – belonged to a group who did not believe that a country should be ruled by one person, or even a hand full of select people.\" \"What did you do about it? Were you like our colonies and England?\" \"What? Well, I suppose, eh…wait, I'll get to that…drink your water. Anyway, there were many of us – in this group, I mean. We wanted to unify our motherland…and we had a great many plans to do so, but,\" he waved his hand again. \"It was not to be. Your revolution, while just as messy, was more successful than ours. Yes, the fight ended badly, and many of us had to leave our home. My brother and I came here to your America and,\" the doctor trailed off for a moment, then continued. \"We decided to practice dentistry together and when we had enough money we would move further west - set up a permanent practice in California.\" \"So…the cart. That belonged to both of you? You and your brother?\" \"Yes…although it used to have both of our names on the side.\" There was a long pause, and Bess knew what was coming before the doctor told her. \"Klaus was killed in Mississippi two years ago – he was shot…by common thieves.\" \"And you decided to be a bounty hunter after that?\" \"I made sure the Buxley Gang was the first official handbill I received. After that, it made sense to…just keep going. The money is, after all, hard to resist.\" There was silence then while Bess mulled this information over. In the dimness, she thought she saw Schultz's hand twist the right side of his beard thoughtfully. \"And you…do you have dreams about your brother?\" \"Often, yes – and other unpleasant things. Though, when you're older you don't seem to sleep so much.\" \"I think I'm looking forward to that,\" Bess mused, sighing heavily into the glass. \"Well, that's not going to happen for a while – not for you. And anyway, right now you need your rest. Climb back in, my dear – you have an expert marksman at your behest, after all! Nothing bad can happen to you.\" Bess crawled back under the covers, mentally exhausted if not reluctant and somewhat unwilling to fall back to sleep. The doctor returned to his post in the chair, and Bess situated her head on the pillow, keeping the man in plain sight. For the rest of the night, Bess dreamt of horses that had molars on their feet instead of hooves. When she finally woke up, she was alone in the hotel room. Bess jolted upright as soon as she realized this, and looked around, thoroughly alarmed. He's left me – he's decided I'm too much trouble, she thought. No sooner had her mind started spinning to all of the awful things that might happen now that she'd been abandon, the door to the room flew open. Standing there in the bright light of what Bess guessed was late morning was a woman whose head seemed encased by a yellow halo. It took a moment for Bess to realize that her hair – which could have been spun gold - was piled high on top of her head. She was dressed in green taffeta stitched together amid hoops and fringe, and black kohl lined her eyelids. She stormed into the room with purpose, and approached the bed where Bess lay. \"Well, good grief pumpkin! I didn't mean to wake you. I thought you'd already be up.\" The woman's expression was nonplussed – almost unpleasant. \"Who are you?\" \"Name's Darlin' Devine…you'n call me Dee, if ya like. That fiancé of yours left early this mornin' to conduct some business, but left you in my care. Paid me plenty to get you all fixed up for your…\" at this point, Dee paused, and looked Bess up and down, taking in her mussed appearance and the unmade bed. \"…Your nuptials,\" she finished smugly. Even though she was completely clothed, Bess understood what the woman saw…or what she thought she saw. Instantly, Bess' eyes widened. \"I…I'm not…I mean, we didn't,\" \"Pumpkin, it's none of my business and frankly I don't give a pig's ass. What I do know is that the good doctor has stayed with us in the past, and he pays us a pretty penny. So, when he asks us to do something special for 'im, we…do our best to comply.\" Bess' mind reeled at that. There seemed to be quite a few possibilities in the scenario Miss Darling Devine had blatantly set forth in front of her. \"First off,\" Dee proclaimed, \"we'd better give you a good wash in the bath house. I'm not putting a clean dress on someone who smells like they've been living in the trash heap.\" Bess stood in a room in the very back of the hotel's second floor while Dee and two or three other women rearranged her face, hair, and…other assets. There was the mess of hair that Nattie had left to contend with, and the best that could be done for that was a bit of camouflage with a silken head-scarf and a large Magnolia blossom perched becomingly over Bess' ear. Two teardrop-shaped earrings hung lightly from her lobes, which Dee insisted gave a nearly exotic overtone to the bride's ensemble. Of course, at the mention of the word 'bride,' it was all Bess could do not to cringe outright. As the intrusive process wore on, Bess began to resemble the woman she'd been in Boston and not the runaway sweeper-girl taking up residence with local boarding house biddies. She assumed that Darling Devine was someone who was in charge of the goings-ons of the hotel. However, the more she saw of the place the more she realized that this establishment – The Nugget – had more in common with Midas' Bone Yard than Stoddard's Room & Board. All the rooms of the hotel were upstairs, and on the main floor across from the door where she and the doctor had first entered the establishment was a proper bar built out of fine lacquered wood. Card tables and dart boards spotted the festive room below. The smell of whiskey and dust also hung in the air, although Bess was sure she hadn't taken note of any of these things yesterday because of the shock she'd been in. As far as the torturous process of dressing? Well, she was used to that – it was something her ladies' maid had done for her on a regular basis. Getting on a corset and trimmed lace petticoats under the monumental tents women deemed appropriate dress was a nearly impossible task on one's own. The garment that Dee had pulled from the shop uptown was less elaborate than anything Elizabeth Norcross would have worn. However, as a middle-class doctor's wife, the garment was more than appropriate. She hadn't actually told Schultz if she was going to go through with his insane plan yet. She'd merely stopped throwing things at him, but that was hardly consent, was it? He'd assumed she had no choice, and as much as Bess loathed this fact, she knew that he was exactly right. To calm herself, Bess kept replaying the doctor's speech – cargo, annulment, and ruse – over and over again. This was not real. This was only a bit of play acting to get her to Ohio without being found out. The dress itself was a beautiful pale jewel blue that offset Bess' hair and skin. A light pattern of delicate flowers criss-crossed their way along the wide expanse of skirts and ruffles. The pagoda-style sleeves were split at the ends, and there were cunning little arm cuffs that held crème muslin in place that wrapped around Bess' arms so that nothing below her wrist would show. The bodice was gathered and tucked, and the skirt flared out like a large sky-colored cloud, encapsulating her in bulk. She had forgotten how hard it was to move in dresses like these. She'd borrowed plain cotton work skirts from Sarah for cleaning the house back in Camden. The women smeared small dark lines over the top of her lids, and made her brows thick with colored powder. They covered her lips in wax that was filled with the pigment of crushed berries. Dee gave the woman a looking glass to hold up to her face once the transformation was complete. \"I must say – you clean up right nice. If things don't work out with Doctor Schultz, I wouldn't mind you comin' back here and working for us, Miss…what did you say your name was, again?\" \"I didn't,\" Bess murmured. Suddenly, she felt she was wearing a mask - and for what she knew she had to do, that suited her fine. For one odd moment, she did entertain the thought of being a saloon girl. From what she understood, the primary job of these women was to decorate a bar with their presence and entice patrons to drink as much as they could pay for. She'd known women back in Camden who could make ten dollars a week doing the same job for The Bone Yard. It might not be such a bad life. But there was still the problem of the doctor… \"Would you ladies excuse me?\" she said calmly, gazing at her image in the looking glass. \"I need to go to my room…\" He'd been in Westville most of the day, and had been gone long before Bess had woken up. It was no wonder she'd still been sleeping when he left – she'd had quite a night. On his way out the door, Schultz had stopped at the door of Darling Devine, one of the proprietors of the hotel. It was not the first time he'd stayed in the establishment, and Devine had greeted him…warmly. Perhaps even a little expectantly. \"I'm afraid that I cannot stay, my dear,\" he explained to the older blonde woman sadly. \"I have business…but I do need your help, and I would very much like to pay you for your time and attention,\" \"Aw, Doctor Schultz – you have always been so generous,\" Darling slid a hand suggestively over his shoulder, and grinned like a cat. \"Ah, thank you…but I need you to provide certain items for,\" and here he paused, for just a beat. \"For my fiancé. We are scheduled to marry this evening at the courthouse, and I am afraid we have had no time to purchase her the appropriate…attire.\" At this, Schultz handed Devine several large bills. \"She'll need, I think, a good dress for the ceremony…and perhaps a day dress she can ride in. A traveling trunk should also be provided? I will leave the rest of the items up to you. I assure you, she has been traveling with only the most basic of necessities.\" Before he could be scalded by Devine's glare, the doctor tipped his hat, bid her a fond 'Auf Wiedersehen' and headed to the livery stable where Fritz was waiting. After that, it had all come down to a hunch that had worked out, and magnificently so. The farmer who had purchased the Widow Stoddard's horse had been a fugitive worth three hundred dollars. It was a small thing to go back and collect the now cold, dead corpse of Franklin O'Hare, but it would pay for food and camping gear that he and the Norcross woman would need to get to Ohio. There was also the fact that Bess would be glad to see Jake again. He wrinkled his brow at that thought. Schultz considered himself an amiable man, but not overly sentimental. What did it matter what made that woman happy? It was as much for his own consciousness as for the money that Schultz had decided to help transport her, but certainly nothing else. America, while a more promising landscape than his homeland, was not good to those trapped in the unending immorality of the slave trade – well, except for the slavers themselves. It was odd, then, that women were sometimes trapped in a kind of servitude themselves. Not that it had been all that different in Dusseldorf, but it seemed that there was a specifically belligerent clinging to certain ugly ideals in his new country that he could simply not make sense of. So instead he'd learned to make the system where those ideals ruled work to his advantage. It was clear that Bess had not been afforded the same opportunity. He'd set it right, then be on his way – and a richer man for it! Of course, when he'd gone to collect on the bill for O'Hare, he found that the price on Elizabeth Norcross' head had been raised to a whole two thousand dollars by a magistrate in Boston. He shook his head slightly at the thought of it now, and shrugged slightly. \"Natürlich,\" he exclaimed sarcastically to Fritz as he made his way back to The Nugget, and towards the next great ruse. Bess would have to shoot the doctor. That was all there was to it. She was upset at this realization – he'd been kind to her when she'd woken up screaming. He'd saved her life, and given her food, but there was this whole play-acting to get her into Ohio…and being someone's wife again, with all of the lack of power that went with it, was not acceptable. She decided she'd aim for his legs. That way, he'd still be able to carry on with his profession. After he healed up, maybe he'd forget about her and move along to the next criminal. Surely she could find a way to find Sarah and Nattie by then. She was cleaning the gun, and considering what corner of the room to hide in when she looked out the window and saw Dr. Schultz' wagon bounding down the road that The Nugget faced. It took her a second to register that Jake was being led behind the wagon itself. Bess' face suddenly lit up into an ear-splitting grin. It was so silly, but to see Sarah's horse was the happiest thing to happen to her in days. She carelessly threw the six-shooter onto the middle of the bed and quickly made her way down the staircase. Darling Devine glowered from behind the bar as Bess nearly flew out of the hotel's front entrance. \"She's got another thing coming if she thinks he's her prince charming,\" Devine said to no one in particular. Still, part of her hoped the young woman – whomever she was – would be alright. The clientele gathering there in the late afternoon hours gave a moment of attention to tight-buttoned, proper-looking woman flying past them. For a second, some of them wondered what such a pretty, wholesome looking thing was doing in The Nugget at all. Schultz was unhooking Jake from his place behind the wagon when a blur of blue shot towards the wagon. Taken off-guard, the older man stiffened a little before realizing that the blur had only been a young woman who was approaching his cart. \"Good evening, ah - can I help you with something? I'm afraid I'm not currently in the dentistry business, but if you'd like me to take a look...\" \"I'm hardly here for an examination, you silly man – I'm here to see…oh, Jake,\" King realized he recognized the voice of the blue blur that was now fondly stroking the large horse's neck, and cooing niceties into the poor beast's mane. He took stock of this new version of the fugitive girl…no, not girl. Woman. A bit of shine had been added to her visage, and she had an air about her that was tangibly different. She smelled like magnolia blossoms, and looked like a summer afternoon. Checking himself, Schultz squinted his eyes and opened them wide, trying to wrap his head around what he was seeing. \"The only trouble with looking quite beautiful, fraulein, is that you are going to be… more conspicuous.\" \"My God, Doctor,\" Bess looked up over Jake's nose from the other side of the horse's head. \"Be careful with all those compliments. I wouldn't want you to strain yourself.\" Schultz chuckled good-naturedly despite her cheek, and immediately chided himself. He was in trouble. \"So, have you thought of a name for yourself?\" \"I hadn't thought of one yet…\" the young woman kept his gaze, her eyes dulling a bit as she was reminded of the business at hand. \"The thing is, I've imagined myself as thousands of different people during my life…but I have never had to choose one of those people to be.\" He nodded, a little exasperated. \"Well, we have to tell the judge something before the ceremony. Illustrious illusions rely on finely attended-to details. And, I can't have a red-headed woman named Elizabeth Norcross riding with me. We'll be caught for sure. Perhaps it would be sensible for you to just pick one of those many identities you've tried on over the years? At least the name, hmmm?\" \"I've never had to name myself or anyone else,\" she sighed. \"Doctor, why don't you pick something? My mother named me, and if I can't be Elizabeth, I don't see why I shouldn't be something nice that someone likes.\" \"Names are important – are you certain you want me to simply pick something that I think is…nice?\" \"Well,\" the woman shifted a bit before nodding slightly. \"I think if I'm going to trust you enough to get me to Ohio, I can trust you with a little thing like this.\" \"But it's no small thing….\"Schultz trailed off for a moment, walking around to Fritz. He paused, looking out into the oncoming dusk of evening. \"In the town I come from, there was a particularly popular actress who was very talented, very good. Her name was Paula. Paula von Hagn. Of course, you'd be a Schultz…or you will be as long as you want to. How do you like that…Paula Schultz?\" The woman who would never be Elizabeth Norcross again smiled slightly, and nodded. \"Paula. PAUL-ah. I…I think I could like that very much.\" ","Summary":" \"I did kill him, you know. I killed my husband.\" Bess wasn't certain why she felt the need to rei"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"Kings of the Wild Frontier - Part Three","Author":"wordbyrd","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9423838","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kings of the Wild Frontier – Part Three \"Take second best Put me to the test Things on your chest You need to confess- I will deliver, You know I'm a forgiver.\" 'Personal Jesus' – Johnny Cash The sky was turning a dark-blue tint, and evening was descending over the small town nestled into the trees and dirt of the Carolina lowlands. People bustled home, and one could hear the tinny sound of the piano playing from the ground floor of The Nugget. The air wrapped itself like a thick, dewy blanket over the world. Everything seemed to move more slowly at an hour like this – when the shadows lengthened and stretched towards evening. Those on the main street of the town found themselves passing a man in grey with an exceptional beard. Beside him, a woman with hair the color of blood, poppies, and Red Sorrels in the sun stepped carefully. The man caught the eyes of passersby as they went, and tipped the bowler sitting on top of his head with a smile. There was conviviality in him that was not present in the woman. \"Ah! Here's our destination,\" the man declared brightly to his companion. A grand old courthouse stood at the end of the main road in the tiny town. It was an imposing building with a clock affixed over the main entrance, and the pair stood in front of the building for half a beat as the clock chimed six times. Bystanders watched as the gray-beard led the red-head - at least twenty years his junior- up the slanting stone steps and into the gaping structure. Though odd, the townspeople would later admit that the gentleman was certainly dapper after a fashion. He was even – well, pleasant if not focused and duty-bound. The woman in blue had looked agitated at best. If she'd been a cat, she would have been hissing at anyone who got too close. To her credit, there was a certain resolve in her steps. Anyone with eyes could tell that something was peculiar about the couple, but to her credit the young woman held the man's arm as gently as she could. She felt the German nudge her softly in the shin with his foot, and it brought her back to the business at hand. She was in the courthouse, and there was the magistrate and his wife – who was serving as a witness to the ceremony. In an attempt to calm herself down, she'd been mentally repeating the words 'cargo, annulment, ruse' to herself over and over like a promise. At the slight impact, and in momentary shock, her eyes darted towards the doctor's. She caught the wary gaze leveled at her, and she cleared her throat. The air seemed too thick, her tongue was too thick, too…but there were the words that she had to say now. The judge had asked her something, hadn't he….? \"Paula? You'll need to repeat after me…\" To his credit, the judge was a fatherly figure who was efficient and apt in his administration of the necessary words and phrases. She guessed that both he and the doctor were about the same age. How must this look to the couple, both of whom were much older than her? Certainly, young women married older men all the time. However, even from the casual vantage point of the average observer this match didn't make much sense. \"O-of course,\" she managed to stutter, hauling consciousness back to the present once more. \"\"I do solemnly declare that I do not know of any lawful impediment why I, Paula, may not be joined in matrimony to...to…\" It was simply impossible – to actually speak the words became too complicated. Her body would not permit them to leave her gaping mouth. Waves of heat swelled around her, and she felt herself burning up as the bones and rods of her corset seemed to constrict her ribcage like the tightening coils of a snake. She was in hell. She was burning, and unable to save herself. The world started to go dark and blur at the edges – there was nothing left but falling to the floor like a brick. She did so amid the alarmed gasps of the judge's wife who was standing next to her. Schultz made a good faith effort to catch Paula before she hit, but she was nearly as tall as he was. In the end, he'd lost his footing and they both went down. The last thing Paula remembered before reality – the world – everything left her was the bounty hunter cursing softly in German as she cursed herself for being such a tall, awkward thing. She came to thanks to some smelling salts kept on hand for just such occasions by the judge's wife. When her eyes fluttered open, she saw what might have been the bristles of a good horse-hair brush…but then the young woman realized that she was laying on the doctor's shoulder, staring up sideways straight into his beard. Paula jerked upright, and with considerable struggle tried to lift herself. \"Courage, Paula,\" Schultz chortled, a bit unsure as he helped his companion to her feet. She leaned against him trying to regain her balance, mentally noting her wobbling legs with some ire. It would be nice, she thought, to not be betrayed by her body on what felt like a constant basis. \"It will all be over quite soon,\" the doctor whispered conspiratorially. The would-be bride nodded, and swallowed hard doing her best to regain what little composure she had left. At these words, the judge and his wife exchanged a puzzled look. Of course, Paula didn't give a damn at the level of discomfort the scene was causing anyone. This was anything but a cakewalk for her, and she didn't care who knew it. The ceremony – the short liturgy of words and vows - ended as suddenly as it had begun, and the once-Elizabeth-now-Paula was proud of herself for not flinching at the chaste kiss Dr. Schultz placed at the corner of her lips when the judge made his final pronouncement that they were now indeed 'man' and 'wife.' On her way out of the courthouse, Paula realized that she'd lost the Magnolia blossom tucked behind her ear when she'd fallen. She sighed a little sadly. It was not like her to get wistful about such a small detail – she'd been cleaning a boarding house for the last few months, hiding out after killing her husband in cold blood. Now, she was properly on the run. The time for wondering about the whereabouts of her stupid lost flower was…not now. However, it hadn't been altogether unpleasant – to be clean, and to be aware of the lovely scent near her. It was then that she realized she was not simply summoning up the memory of the Magnolia blossom. She caught the unmistakable whiff of the flower. Confused, she searched the folds of her sleeve and expansive skirts. \"Aha! Looking for this?\" she heard the doctor say as he proudly pointed to the lapel of his jacket. Resting nicely in the buttonhole was the blossom. He'd saved it – the doctor had saved the blossom. Following her eyes, Schultz grinned. \"Well, it seemed a terrible waste to just leave it on the floor,\" he explained with the casual wave of his hand. On the way back to the hotel, the doctor and his wife were completely quiet. Paula wanted time to mull the situation over, and the thudding of their footfalls seemed a companionable noise to accompany the cogs that were whirring 'round in her brain. For his part, Schultz shot furtive, worried glances at his companion every now and then. He silently chided himself as he pulled thoughtfully at his beard, realizing not for the first time that people who observed the two of them really would think him a…how did the blasted woman put it?... a lecherous old man. Still, it was not unheard of for young women to marry men older than themselves – even much older. And why should it concern him what everyone else thought? It certainly had never stopped him before… \"We should leave early tomorrow at first light,\" he finally got out. \"The sooner we can turn northward, the better.\" They walked up the street a bit further before Paula stopped in her tracks. \"Fainting back there – it isn't you. Not really.\" \"That's a pity,\" Schultz replied, pausing momentarily before turning his face towards her. \"If I ever go back into dentistry full-time, I was considering matrimony as a method of putting my patients under. It seems to me that it would be more effective than iodine and whiskey.\" It was an awful joke, Schultz knew. However, the tension between them was so palpable – he'd have given up his trigger finger just to break the discomfort. It had occurred to him in the courthouse – perhaps for the first time – that this was, in essence, his first marriage, fraudulent thought it was. He'd had sweethearts back home, yes! Even long-term love affairs…but he'd managed to remain a confirmed old bachelor, taking part in the family practice and even traveling with a circus for a while as a dashing marksman on horseback. Of course, he'd been younger then. More hale and, dare he think it, more attractive? This was simply a contract that would allow for them to travel together with few questions from outsiders. He would get the girl to Ohio. He would collect the money he was promised by the Widow Stoddard. He would be on his way, das Ende. But there – there! - was that brave little half-smile cracked around the edges again that made his heart speed up just the tiniest bit… Schultz cleared his throat, doing his best to maintain an appropriate air of fraternal concern. He was about to suggest that they have a bite to eat together – perhaps discuss plans concerning their trip over some good beer. Did the woman drink beer? He didn't even know that - But then he noticed the crowd of a dozen men or so around the outside of The Nugget, torches in hand. The doctor pulled Paula around the corner of the mercantile store they were about to pass, and tucked her securely behind him in the shadows of the oncoming night. \"What? What's going on?\" she asked, her voice shaking. \"I'm not completely certain, but it seems like our wedding reception may have started without us,\" Schultz mused with a growl. Paula bit her lip, and peeked around the building, navigating around the protective arm currently drawn across her. Less than a block ahead of them, the woman could clearly see what appeared to be a gathering of men, guns, horses, and…shouting. Lots of shouting. Straining to catch any snippet of conversation, Paula held her breath and tried to isolate the voices. The doctor must have been doing the same – he remained motionless against the building's wall. Suddenly a tall figure in a long black coat stepped into the middle of the crowd, and fired a shot from his rifle into the air. At the thunderous blast, all the men - who had been swarming like angry wasps seconds earlier – went completely silent and turned their attention to a lanky coat-swaddled arm extended towards the sky, still pointing towards the moon with a long, trusty and well-managed Baker. It almost looked to Paula like a thin, oddly built obélisque. The control evidently wielded in that singular motion was both terrifying and impressive. The torches illuminated a large hat tilting upwards to expose a sun-browned face with sharp features and black button eyes. The light flickered off the small metal star pinned to the shooter's jacket, indicating him as an officer of the law. Paula's stomach dropped, and the gun's owner looked out at the crowd, seemingly enjoying the momentary spell. \"Listen up!\" the man yelled, in something between a declaration and a greeting. \"We've all come out for the same reason! If – IF - the murdering bitch really is in town, we'll need to organize several parties in order to ferret her ass out! Now, Jonsey'll take five men towards the east side of town and search the buildings down there. Richardson will take the north side with some fellas, and root through the stables and the fields on Old Man Hutchin's farm…\" Paula breathlessly listened, her heart thudding in her ears so loudly she could barely make out the sheriff's words. How? How had they found her? \"I am guessing that your exodus from Camden doubled with that of Widow Stoddard must have caused a bigger stir than we anticipated,\" Schultz said quietly, never turning his eyes away from the scene. \"But…why would a whole host of people come after me like this?\" she breathed. \"There must be at least fifteen of them.\" \"You are the current sensation,\" the doctor explained. \"It's not every day that there is a formerly well-to-do female fugitive on the loose – who has a price of $2,000 on her head.\" \"TWO-thousand dollars?\" \"They raised the reward,\" Schultz managed with a smile as he watched the gathering warily. \"You're quite the big fish to fry now.\" \"Lovely. Well, I can't run very fast in this dress – the corset won't let me catch my breath,\" Paula continued. \"Still, we've got to get to the…Doctor? Doctor Schultz, what ARE you doing?\" While she'd been momentarily pondering how to get to the livery stable for a quick escape, the doctor had taken her arm again, adjusted the bowler on his head, and started into the street. \"Tensions are running a little high…\" he said, turning his head to her slightly as they walked towards the front entrance of The Nugget. \"Don't say a thing. Not a thing. And no sudden movements. Let me do the talking, mein lieber.\" \"You can't mean to try to get past all those men!\" \"Ssht-ssht-ssht,\" Schultz turned briefly, putting his finger up to her face to emphasize the point. \"This is where you make a decision Fräulein,\" the doctor continued. \"Either you trust me, or you don't.\" Paula took a deep breath, and shut her eyes momentarily before nodding at the doctor to continue their walk. The sounds from the group of men grew louder, and Paula couldn't take her eyes off of all the action in the crowd. The sheriff still seemed to be organizing different search parties when he laid his eyes on the two of them. \"Hello there, Doctor!\" he shouted over the crowd. At least a dozen faces immediately turned towards the pair, and Paula felt herself stiffen. \"I don't recall seeing you get into town. I suppose business brought you here? Wouldn't be looking for the Norcross woman, would you?\" \"Greetings, Sherriff Hawthorne!\" Schultz turned, and did a funny little bow – tipping his hat ever so slightly. He then motioned to Paula, who, as if on cue, plastered a lovely smile onto her frozen face. \"Alas, I am not currently hunting the nasty Norcross harpy. Ah, may I present my wife Paula? We are just coming back to the hotel after a….tiring day. Indeed, I spent most of it in Westville.\" \"Evenin' ma'am,\" the Sherriff tipped his own hat in Paula's direction, and she nodded slightly back. He then addressed her, much to her dismay. \"I'm sorry about all this disturbance, but there's a fugitive on the loose who seems to have been seen in these parts recently. A dangerous sort from back east.\" \"Ah, well,\" Schultz exclaimed, elongating the last word, and grinning broadly. \"I wish you gentlemen luck in your search! A profitable night to you all!\" At that, the doctor squeezed Paula's hand and started leading her back into The Nugget. \"I didn't know you were a married man, Schultz!\" the sheriff continued. All at once, a nearly palpable shot of tension pervaded the men in the crowd. All eyes turned to the graying gentleman and the woman on his arm. \"It is a recent arrangement,\" Schultz countered. \"How recent?\" \"Oh, it was sussed out over a many months,\" Schultz prattled happily, as if discussing politics over a brandy. He waved his hand dismissively, and cleared his throat. \"Her family back in my homeland wished for her to come here, and they have connections to my relatives. She is…a recent occupant of this country, and does not speak but the most basic of English phrases.\" Sherriff Hawthorne looked skeptically at both Schultz and the woman. His black button eyes were squinting and it was as if his face reflected a brain madly trying to piece together a complicated jig-saw puzzle. Even if Hawthorne came to no real conclusions, being notably odd at all was not particularly safe for either Schultz or herself. The doctor, Paula knew, had the ability to talk his way out of a barrel of snakes. His persuasive powers had worked on her, though she'd been dead set against his plan at first. It seemed a shame not to help now when he obviously needed it. If he wanted to be angry, he could lecture her after they were safely inside. Digging into the recesses of long-neglected memory, the woman looked desperately for the right phrases, the right words… \"Ich spreche nicht viel Englisch,\" Paula sputtered uneasily, looking concerned and tucking her head closer to the doctor's shoulder as if straining to be heard. \"Ich verstehe nicht.Können Sie das übersetzen?\" Schultz turned his head slowly, staring at the woman as if she'd just shot fire through her nose. Quickly remembering himself, he rattled off something in his native tongue in such a rapid verbal fire that Paula only caught a few key phrases. He did smile at her reassuringly though, and at this, she grinned unwittingly back, squeezing his arm lightly. \"Alles ist in Ordnung,\" he finished, rather dotingly. The sheriff's eyes were still tiny slits – dark gashes in a brown potato face. \"Well,\" he mused. \"An actual maiden of the Rhine. Why's her hair so short? Do all the German gals cut off their hair like that?\" \"Though it is indelicate of you to mention my wife's appearance,\" Schultz said, forcing another grin, \"I will forgive you, and answer your line of questioning. She caught a fever on the ship that brought her over. They had to cut off her hair as part of the efforts to save her very life. She is absolutely distraught over the loss. I am grateful, Sherriff, that she cannot understand you right now.\" Paula did her best to look a little bewildered. It was not a stretch as her eyes darted unwittingly at the faces around the building. The torches cast everything in a nightmare haze of shadow and dancing light. The men, muttering while the doctor exchanged conversation with his lawman acquaintance, leered at her menacingly. \"Didn't mean nothin' by it, Doc,\" the sheriff finally acquiesced. \"Well, I hope your curiosity has been thoroughly sated,\" Schultz returned coldly. \"If you will excuse me…\" At that moment, a large hulking wall of a man came to stand directly in front of the couple. He crossed his arms, and looked down at the two of them as if he were inspecting rodents. His mawing face settled into his considerable muscles and girth. The whole package came wrapped in a set of dirty suspenders, torn pants, and a pair of scuffed-up minder's boots. \"We don't let fancy-pants foreigners talk like that to us in these here parts,\" the man growled. The crowd froze once again. Even Hawthorne went completely quiet. Finally, someone from the crowd called out to the man. \"C'mon, Sam! Let 'em pass. We've got a hunt on!\" \"My good man,\" Schultz rejoined. \"Your companion has a point. It seems that we are not the true aim of your efforts this evening. We mean no offence. I was simply protecting the honor of my lady love.\" \"I'll get out of the way when you tell the sheriff you're sorry for your sass,\" Sam huffed. \"And we are very sorry,\" the doctor said lightly, grinning facetiously up into the brute's face. \"We are sorry for inconveniencing you with our…differences. Now, I am certain that you have other things to do – other people to bother. Please stop threatening my wife and myself and move out of the way!\" The crowd erupted into a murmur, and Paula could see the sheriff shift uncomfortably where he stood. \"C'mon, Sam. Stop bothering the doctor and his lady friend. Come on back to the meeting.\" The man spit a long stream of tobacco out the side of his mouth. Part of it landed on the edge of Paula's dress, leaving a nasty brown stain on the summer sky fabric. She furrowed her brow up at the man as if asking why he'd do such a thing. He chuckled darkly, daring her to speak. At best, her German was exceedingly limited, and at that moment, Paula couldn't remember an appropriate phrase that could be spoken without offending the doctor. Reluctantly, the man called 'Sam' moved his considerable bulk out of their path. Slowly, Schultz tightened his hand on Paula's arm. They turned around stiffly, and the doctor started moving the both of them towards the front door of The Nugget. From somewhere behind her, Paula could hear a soft mechanic 'click.' Lightning fast and quicker than blinking, Schultz pushed the woman down to the ground. In one swift movement, he turned and landed a slug between the left upper-chest of the mountainous man who had been in their way not moments before. Groans of surprise and blood punctuated the air and shadows. A few moments passed with Schultz standing over Paula, looking over the crowd and daring them all with an expression that could only be described as steel-cold. Finally, she felt a set of arms helping her out of the dirt. The shaken woman turned, and involuntarily made an ugly noise in her throat. Red splatter formed constellations across the lapel of Schultz's jacket, and dotted the snowy petals of the Magnolia blossom. Once she was up, Schultz looked squarely into Hawthorne's shocked potato face. \"They say only cowards are willing to shoot you in the back,\" the bounty hunter muttered angrily, desperately trying to regain his controlled demeanor. He turned towards the sheriff, dropped his gun, and held up his hands. \"I have at least a dozen witnesses here that can attest to the actions taken against my wife and myself. I think you will all agree that I shot my gun only after this gentleman made it clear that he meant us harm. Sherriff, as an officer of the court, you may question me if you wish. However, I would appreciate it if you would let the lady get some rest. She has a habit of…fainting.\" Hawthorne approached the body, leaned over the deceased Sam, and sighed. \"Welp, he always was a damned site stupider than most,\" the sheriff remarked. \"I saw it happen, and I'm fairly sure one of you'd be dead right now if you hadn't shot 'im, Doctor. Nevertheless, in the morning you and your wife need to get outta town. We're havin' enough drama 'round here. We don't need yours.\" They didn't have to be told twice. In the morning, King and Paula Schultz settled up their hotel bill, saddled up Fritz & Jake, and started on their long journey towards Ohio. \"We have speaking to do, Fräulein.\" Paula bit her lip, and sighed heavily. She was wondering when the doctor would want to talk about the previous night. She'd hoped that she could just forget what had happened and put all of her focus on making it to Ohio – alive, and in one piece. Apparently not. Apparently, there were details that Schultz had been mulling over. The woman looked across the padded seat of the horse-drawn cart at the man in gray, hunching over a bit as he stared straight ahead and held onto the brown leather reigns. He looked displeased – his entire countenance was somewhere between consternation and resolve. Glad to be out on the road again, Fritz the horse walked happily in front while Jake trotted along behind. As far as days went, it was already steamy and warm. Paula had traded her dirt-smeared blue dress for a lighter calico skirt and matching bodice. Schultz wore his usual suit, minus the outer coat which was awaiting a good wash. \"The question is,\" the doctor continued – \"should I be speaking to you in Englisch oder Deutsch?\" \"Whatever you prefer is fine – but I'll probably only understand you if you speak English.\" More silence as the doctor mulled this over. \"So you are an educated woman? Languages, books... you must have gone to a good school in the east.\" \"Well,\" Paula started. \"I had…a governess. I went to a girl's school when I was about twelve for a while. But,\" She stopped, and took a breath. \"That's not really where I received my education. Not really.\" \"What do you mean?\" Schultz replied a little gruffly. \"My father – he was a trader? Mostly fur, and up near the northern Columbia districts. He, ah, worked for The American Fur Company. When I was young he used to…and it would make Mother so mad! - but he used to let me come with him on certain expeditions – on the ships. Only when I was young, mind you. And he never really put me in harm's way.\" Paula flicked her hazel eyes across the seat, and saw Schultz still staring straight ahead. He'd told her about himself – she supposed it was her turn to be forthcoming. It had been so long since she'd talked about Papa. \"He had a good crew that he trusted – one of them was a German man. I learned a little of the language from him. We…we sometimes sang songs that he taught me that were from his home.\" Schultz was shooting curious glances at her by this point. He seemed to be willing her to continue her story, and despite the sound of the wagon, horses, and road underneath, Paula raised her voice in an effort to go on. \"The trading ship was my Yale College and my Harvard , \" she smiled at being able to quote a line from one of her beloved books. \"And a very eager student you seemed to be,\" the doctor countered. \"Tell me, why are you still not in the north with your family trading beaver pelts for God knows what?\" \"Well,\" at this point she sighed, trying to find the words. \"We traded mostly otter pelts, first of all.\" \"Don't be cheeky.\" \"Well, we did! And…Papa died. He caught a fever, and never recovered.\" At that there was a long moment of silence. Paula could tell that the doctor did not want to drag any information out of her – but she also knew that he had shared painful things with her about his brother's death. It was only right that she should go on. \"What I haven't told you, Doctor Schultz, is that my father was one of three owners who ran the company. The other two had the same last name – can you guess it?\" Schultz's face darkened. \"Norcross,\" he croaked. \"Papa died when I was nineteen. What no one realized was that my father…had left his part of the company to me.\" She took another deep breath, and commanded her voice not to shake. She must finally speak the last part to someone. She must, she must, she must… \"Mother was determined that I should marry one of the Norcross boys so that we could remain benefactors in the company without having to run anything. I…didn't like that idea. I didn't know exactly how to run my father's ships, but I know Ernst would've helped me – Ernst was the man who taught me a little German, you see?\" Schultz nodded. \"My mother was desperate with….hopelessness, I suppose, after Papa died. And I guess that's what made her do what she did. I'll never know.\" Paula inhaled, and could feel her companion go stiff. Yes, she thought, this is the part that I don't want to talk about either. \"One night, we had the Norcross family over for dinner. Mother arranged for me to…be alone with the man who I…shot.\" Paula nearly choked on the sentence, unwilling to utter the dead man's name. \"He took me…by force…and then I felt like – well, I felt like I should marry him to avoid shaming my family, my father's memory. I was young, and it was simpler to buckle under the pressure than to fight.\" She let the story sink in – it was likely, Paula supposed, that the doctor did not believe her. He had no real reason to. Even if he'd only dealt with criminals for a few years, he was probably smart enough not to take everything that everyone told him at face value. Of course, the fact that she could spit out basic German in tight spots provided some evidence regarding her (admittedly colorful) testimony. But she knew that to a man – and to an 'officer of the court,' as Schultz was fond of putting it – that her story sounded suspicious at best. There was no account from anyone but the servants (and perhaps his own parents) that her now-dead husband had been a beast. That he'd thrown her down staircases, into walls, and broken her nose a total of three times. That he'd gone whoring on a regular basis, and had been a lousy proprietor of her father's business. She'd known – she'd been told – that no one would believe her. Her father's gun had been the only solution, and as she began to recognize the petering away of her own sanity and life-force, she'd grasped onto that solution with all the resolve and courage she'd had left. Now, she was a murderess and traveling with a man who, by all rights, could choose to exchange her corpse for a large sum of money. She bit her lip, and let herself go numb which was preferable to crying about everything – again. She focused on the scenery flying by the cart, and breathed in the silence, the sunlight. A few moments passed before she looked across the cart at Schultz who sat there, stony faced and solemn. He realized she was inspecting him, and smiled sadly. \"Sometime – not today maybe, but sometime, you will have to sing me one of the songs your friend taught you. It…it has been too long,\" he suggested gently. For the first couple of days, they made camp in places with substantial cover – near large foothills that could stretch out between themselves and the land that lay behind. Once, during a torrential rain storm, they stayed in another hotel that was just past the boarder of South Carolina. However, being found out was always on Paula's mind. Sometimes, she rode Jake – always beside the cart, and never for very long. When she did sit on the large cushioned seat next to Schultz, Paula found that it was easy to make conversation with the doctor. Most of the time, they stuck to safe subjects - mostly to the books each of them had read and loved during their lives. Boosey & Son's translation of Goethe's work was of special interest to the once-Elizabeth-now-Paula. The finer points of Faust were, she knew, probably lost on the inaccuracies of the transposed text. She'd asked, almost timidly, Schultz's opinion on this subject and was immediately met with a storm of frustrated noise. \"Ack! Faust,\" The doctor threw back his head in mock anguish. \"I come to America, and I still can't get away from Goethe!\" \"You have only your choice of companions to blame for that,\" she returned with a grin. \"I'm a cold-blooded killer AND a bookish woman. Surely the worst mixture of traits?\" \"To be sure,\" Schultz chuckled, half to himself. \"To be sure.\" Now when she dreamed, it was of her father. She fancied that riding and sleeping beneath the stars did that to her – opened up the parts of her mind that had been quiet due to the passing of time and simple misery. Superstition granted that sleeping under the moon made one mad, and perhaps it was a little mad to dream so often of a dead man. But, God, it was good to see him again – whether it was real or not. When she saw him – her Papa, it was always on one of the trade vessels, and always late spring. There would still be frost on the rigging of the ship, and Bess would swear she could hear the craft creaking with heft as it made its way through the waters where the hunting grounds of the Massawomack used to be. The time of day in these meetings was never clear – there was always the dank blue light of early morning or nearing night. It was an in-between place in every way. Every time the dream came, she'd find herself on the deck, smelling the water and the pale, cold air. Soon enough, she'd hear the familiar voice. \"My girl! My Izzy-bess!\" \"I'm not Izzy anymore, Papa,\" she heard herself saying. \"I have a new name, and I have a new friend that you and Ernst would like so very much…\" She'd turn, and smile into Papa's face right before waking up. ","Summary":" Kings of the Wild Frontier – Part Three \"Take second best Put me to the test Things on your chest "},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"Không nuối tiếc","Author":"BloodyAntares","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12894519","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Đứa con gái ngỗ nghịch và người bạn trai nhặt được của nó đã cùng nhau bỏ trốn với một triệu năm của Phlippe, nhốt hắn một mình trong chính phòng làm việc. Chúng thực sự là những đứa chỉ biết lý tưởng hóa hiện thực. Tại sao chúng lại có thể không hiểu rằng chỉ đưa thời gian cho những người nghèo không thì không phải là giúp đỡ họ? Một triệu năm cho một gia đình sẽ giúp cho cả gia đình đó gần như là bất tử, nhưng cùng là một triệu năm đó chia ra cho hai triệu người ở New Dayton, lượng thời gian dư thừa đó chỉ kéo dài sự khổ đau của họ thêm 6 tháng là tối đa. Đầu tiên, có thêm thời gian sẽ mang đến cho những người cùng khổ chút hạnh phúc nhỏ nhoi, họ chưa bao giờ từng có nhiều thời gian như vậy. Nhưng trong dài hạn? Họ sẽ chẳng vui sướng một chút nào đâu! Tíc Tắc. Tíc Tắc. Tíc Tắc. Thời gian của họ sẽ cạn dần. Đám đông luôn bạo dạn, dũng cảm, kiên gan bền chí. Giống như tất cả những đám đông trước và sau họ, Nhưng đám đông cũng không được thông minh lắm. Họ chắc chắn sẽ nghỉ việc ở các công xưởng - thứ giúp cho nền kinh tế giả tạo này luân chuyển xung quanh thế giới. Họ sẽ tụ tập với nhau để hành quân tới những khu giàu có hơn với sự tự do mà họ vừa đạt được. Sự tự do của kẻ có thời gian. Tiếc thay, ho chẳng có một chút kiến thức nào về cái hệ thống này, cũng chẳng có một nhà lãnh đạo đúng nghĩa. Nhưng mỗi người đều giống như một quả bom nổ chậm vậy. Một ngày nào đó, sẽ có những người phát hiện ra thời gian trên tay họ đang ít dần đi, và tất nhiên ai cũng khao khát được tồn tại. Trộm cắp, giết người sẽ xảy ra. Và đó là cách duy nhất để họ tồn tại. Đội cảnh vệ thời gian chắc chắn sẽ không có đủ nhân lực hay tinh lực để giải quyết sự tuyệt vọng của những con người này. Không, nói chính xác hơn thì, nếu không có người lãnh đạo thuộc địa này, thì chính những cảnh vệ thời gian cũng sẽ không có lương, và bắt buộc phải kiếm thời gian như mọi người. Đó là lúc sự hỗn loạn bắt đầu. Sự vô tổ chức, vô kỉ luật, không luật pháp là hậu quả duy nhất có thể xảy ra. Đến cuối cùng, kẻ mạnh nhất luôn chiến thắng. Và trong những kẻ thắng cuộc đó, chiếm phần lớn vẫn là bè lũ của hắn, bè lũ nhà giàu, bởi vì xét đến cùng, họ có sẵn thời gian và họ có thể chờ thật lâu, tránh sự tấn công của những tên cướp. Trừ trường hợp những người bảo vệ cho họ cũng nhận ra rằng trong cái thời khắc tồi tệ này, luật lệ, hay các ràng buộc không hề tồn tại. Vừa nhắc đến đã xuất hiện, dòng suy nghĩ của Philippe bị chặn lại bởi giọng nói của đội trưởng đội bảo vệ, Constantine, người vừa thành công phá được cánh cửa chặn hắn với thế giới bên ngoài. \"Thưa ngài...\" Giọng nói của Constantine run rẩy và lắp bắp, cố gắng kiếm tìm sự chú ý của người chủ. Chỉ lúc này, Philippe mới bắt đầu nghe thấy tiếng chuông điện thoại rền vang, điều chưa từng xảy ra này kết hợp với thái độ dửng dưng của Philippe ắt hẳn đã dọa sợ Constantine. Tiếng chuông đã nhắc Philippe về thực tại của hắn. Tất nhiên, tất cả các ông trùm tài chính trên khắp thế giới đang cuống cuồng gọi hắn để kiểm tra về sự cố đang xảy ra ở thuộc địa của hắn. Ah, thật là, dù gì mà nói người đau nhất ở đây vẫn là hắn mà thôi. Họ chỉ có một vài món đầu tư nhỏ lẻ trong vùng này, còn hắn mới thực sự là người bỏ không biết bao nhiêu thời gian, công sức vào nơi này. Điều tệ hơn là giờ, họ mới là những người nắm quyền hạn ở thuộc địa này. \"Xin ngài hãy làm điều gì đó...\" Một lần nữa, Constantine lại van nài hắn, thằng nhóc quá ấn tượng, quá tin tưởng với quyền lực và quyền hạn mà Philippe có ở nơi này. Không, là đã từng có. \"Mọi chuyện đã xong rồi.\" Philippe trả lời câu nói thật thà nhất từ trước đến nay, coi như là tri ân sự tin tưởng của cậu ta cho hắn. Không bằng lòng với câu trả lời của Philippe, cậu ta vội vã bỏ đi, có lẽ là để liên lạc với đội cảnh vệ thời gian. Nếu cậu ta thông minh hơn, cậu ta có thể hiểu được ẩn ý trong câu trả lời của Philippe. Với hắn, hắn biết, đại cuộc đã mất. Constantine không thể nào hiểu nổi được rằng Hội Quốc Liên đã ra quyết định của họ. Đó là phong tỏa thuộc địa này khỏi thế giới. Nội bất xuất, ngoại bất nhập. Sự cố hệ thống với họ rất nguy hiểm, có thể lây lan sang các vùng khác như dịch bệnh vậy. Vậy nên cách đối xử với nó cũng không khác gì dịch bệnh, là cách ly, hạn chế tiếp xúc để chống mầm bệnh lây lan. Kể cả trong một cái thế giới, mà từng thuộc địa gần như chẳng cần bất kì ngoại lực nào để tồn tại, những đồng cấp của hắn ở Hội Quốc Liên vẫn có thể cảm nhận thấy sự cố này. Và họ sẽ trả thù. Philippe cần phải hành động thật nhanh chóng. Ngay sau khi Hội Quốc Liên họp xong, mọi con đường ra khỏi thuộc địa này sẽ bị phong tỏa. Họ vẫn cần phải được thông báo về những phương pháp họ có thể áp dụng rồi lựa chọn chúng, vậy nên Philippe sẽ có đươc một chút thời gian, trong vòng một ngày, hắn cần phải chạy thoát khỏi được thuộc địa này để hạn chế tối đa những ánh nhìn rọi vào hắn. Hắn phải hành động nhanh hơn bọn họ. Tại sao ư? Tại vì thế nào họ cũng cần có một mục tiêu để đổ tội để trách móc, và đó tất nhiên là hắn, một tên độc tài yếu kém, nỗi ô nhục của xã hội. Một mình giải quyết tất cả mọi việc ở thuộc địa này, dẫn trộm vào nhà lại để nó bắt cóc con gái, đã vậy còn bị con gái trở mặt cướp tiền, cướp cả triệu năm. Rõ là bất tài. Họ sẽ săn Philippe như một con mồi, phơi bày mọi \"tội ác\" của hắn rồi xử lý hắn. Vậy nên, để an toàn nhất, Philippe cần phải xóa mọi dấu vết sinh học cũng như điện tử của bản thân. Nghĩ gì vậy? Một cái thế giới mà thời gian trở thành tiền bạc, chỉ cần chạm cổ tay nhau là có thể chuyển đổi thời gian, lại không thể tìm người dựa vào cái thẻ tín dụng trên tay đó sao? Cái đồng hồ trên tay hiển thị thông tin từ cái chip được phẫu thuật đặt vào cổ tay từng người từ khi họ mới sinh ra. Tất cả mọi người đều được cấy những chip riêng biệt. Những cái chip đó là chứng minh nhân dân của bạn. Và với ý nghĩa là thẻ tín dụng, chính quyền hoàn toàn có thể theo dõi vị trí, lượng thời gian của từng người. Thế nên, nếu mẹ bạn bị theo dõi, chính quyền có thể dễ dàng phát hiện khi nào họ sinh con và dễ dàng tìm ra những đứa trẻ đó để gắn chip. Là một người rất yêu quý sự bảo mật về địa điểm của bản thân, là người giàu có nhất, cũng là quyền thị trưởng của thuộc địa này, hắn ta đã cấm đội cảnh vệ thời gian truy cập vào thông tin này. Giả sử như họ có tất cả những bản ghi chép về sự trao đổi thời gian, họ có thể dễ dàng tìm thấy Sylvia cũng như người yêu của nó. Nhưng mà nói gì thì nói, thứ năng lực này quá dễ dàng để nhúng chàm để thao túng con người ta. Và Philippe ghét như vậy. Hắn đã cho dừng quyền này. Vấn đề là, Hội Quốc Liên, với quyền lực lớn hơn hắn có thể đảo ngược quyết định này dễ dàng, và họ sẽ dùng những dữ liệu này để tìm ra hắn. Thật may rằng, Philippe luôn luôn sợ cái chết của bản thân, sợ hãi quá mức, tưởng tượng ra quá nhiều viễn tưởng tệ hại. Phlippe luôn lo lắng cho sự an nguy của bản thân, lại là dạng đam mê học hỏi và có cả tấn thời gian để làm việc đó. Và giờ đây, hắn tự cảm ơn cái phần điên cuồng trong mình đã chuẩn bị đường lui, nhà an toàn, ... mọi thứ. Con đường của hắn đã rộng mở, giả chết không phải khó với hắn. Hắn chạy.[Chapter 2] Đảm bảo tính mạng cho bản thân vẫn luôn đứng đầu danh sách những điều quan trọng nhất với Philippe. Kể cả khi hắn có là một thằng khốn thích kiểm soát, và phần lớn mọi việc đã luôn diễn ra theo ý tưởng của hắn, nhưng thỏ khôn phải đào ba hang. Hắn luôn sợ hãi vì phần nhỏ những việc nằm ngoài dự tính của bản thân, dù gì mà nói \"Một con bướm đập cánh ở Trung Hoa, cũng có thể gây nên lốc xoáy ở Hoa Kì.\" Tiền tệ. Kiến thức. Phương tiện vận chuyển. Đường thoát. Nhà an toàn. Những thứ này luôn luôn được hắn chú trọng ở bất kì thời điểm nào. Nhất là lúc này, khi mà hệ thống đã xảy ra sự cố. Tất nhiên là Philippe chưa thiếu não đến độ bỏ tất cả trứng vào một giỏ, hay để toàn bộ thời gian ở cùng một nơi. Mà thực ra thì ai lại đi làm như vậy? Đúng như hắn đã nói, đó là một triệu năm đầu tiên của hắn, có ý nghĩa biểu tượng lớn với hắn nên hắn mới trưng bày trong phòng là việc mà thôi. Phần lớn tài sản của hắn nằm ở trong các khoản đầu tư từ bất động sản đến các công ty dịch vụ cho lớp nhà giàu ở khu Tân Greenwich. Nhưng hiện tại, chỉ có tiền mặt *time capsule* giờ mới có ý nghĩa. Có nghĩa là, khoản duy nhất hắn có thể lấy ngay lập tức là 3 trăm nghìn năm mà hắn giấu trong phòng làm việc cũ của hắn, dưới đây 5 tầng. 3 trăm ngàn năm, giọng nói trong hắn móc mỉa hắn. Bước vào thang máy dành riêng cho hắn, hắn thầm tự sỉ vả bản thân đã đầu tư quá nhiều vào xây dựng mấy nhà máy, công xưởng và đập mấy khu căn hộ đi xây lại. Cánh cửa thang máy mở ra đưa hắn về thực tại. Khốn kiếp! Hắn trèo lên đến vị trí này từ không có gì, vậy mà giờ hắn phát hoảng vì không phải là người giàu nhất! Kể cả không làm gì, hắn vẫn có thể sống hàng nghìn năm bằng số tiền đấy mà không cần làm gì thêm. Philippe rảo bước qua khu hành lang trống. 60 năm. Đó là khoảng thời gian mà mọi người khu này được yêu cầu rời đi bởi hắn, cũng là khoảng thời gian mà hắn là bá chủ khu vực này. Đó là một khoảng thời gian dài, đủ dài để phần lớn dân số hay đứa con gái ngỗ ngược của hắn, thậm chí cả vợ hắn quên rằng đã từng có lúc hắn chỉ là một chuyên viên nghiên cứu trung cấp. Dù gì mà nói, những người nhớ đã chết gần hết rồi: Để một vài người bất tử, rất nhiều người phải chết. Làm thế nào để xã hội thừa nhận kiểu hi sinh cho một vài người không phải là điều mà hắn quan tâm. Philippe được sinh ra trong thể chế này, hắn đâu có lựa chọn nào khác? Hắn đã sớm hiểu luật lệ của thời đại này. Chẳng có luật lệ nào ngoại trừ luật rừng, ngốc ạ. Những người mạnh khỏe hơn, thông minh hơn, thích nghi hơn, dám làm việc hơn sẽ sống, trong khi những kẻ yếu sống một cách khốn khổ. Bọ ngựa bắt ve, chim sẻ rừng sau lưng. Hãy cầu cho bản thân không phải là đáy của chuỗi thức ăn. Không, là chiến đấu để không phải làm sinh vật yếu nhất. Cứ thoải mái chỉ trích niềm tin của hắn vào chọn lọc tự nhiên. Đó là sự thật. Làm việc, học tập thật chăm chỉ, luôn chú ý các cơ hội và chơi ít thôi, đừng mua đồ linh tinh. Rõ ràng xếp hàng mua một cốc cà phê 5 phút trong khi 4 tiếng chỉ làm ra được 15 phút là một lựa chọn quá tồi, nhưng lại là một lựa chọn phổ biến ở New Dayton. Chỉ cần tiết kiệm 5 phút cốc cà phê, 3 phút xếp hàng thôi là cả năm đã dư hơn 2 ngày rồi. 2 ngày không nhiều, nhưng với cái chết luôn luôn cận kề thì vẫn là đáng kể đấy. Văn phòng của hắn bé tẹo và nằm đối diện phòng vệ sinh, căn bản là luôn có sự phân biệt đối xử về xuất thân, và với một thằng phải phấn đấu từ tầng thấp nhất thì... cố mà chịu, mà nhịn. Nhịn. Nhẫn nại. Cả ngày. Căn phòng này đã từng là nơi mà hắn coi là nhà. Có gì là không thể được khi mà cơ thể bạn sẽ luôn trẻ khỏe? Thế hệ trước Philippe sẽ phải sợ hãi nhũng cái giá phải trả khi họ bắt đầu yếu hơn, mắt mờ, lưng đau, thấp khớp. Đó không phải là những trở ngại của hắn. Hắn đã từng làm việc ở sau cái bàn này cho đến khi mắt không thể mở nổi được. Đã từng có những thời điểm, hắn còn chẳng quan tâm ngày đêm, dù gì mà nói, thị trường Tokyo cách thị trường New York 11 tiếng. Trái Đất vẫn quay đều không chờ một ai cả. Dù gì mà nói, tiếp xúc ánh mặt trời không phải là mục tiêu của hắn, hắn cần tồn tại. Từng giây. Từng phút. Từng ngày. Từng năm mà hắn tiết kiệm được làm giàu cho tiếng nói của hắn trong công ty và trong vùng này. Nhịn cho đến ngày hắn mua trọn công ty, lúc đó thì chỉ cần yêu cầu tất cả mọi người di chuyển thôi. Hắn giữ nguyên cả cái tầng này cho bản thân, đây là kỉ niệm của hắn, là thánh địa của hắn. Không ai ngoại trừ Philippe có thể tiến vào hay ra khỏi cái tầng này, bởi vì chỉ thang máy riêng của hắn vào được tầng này, và trừ khi là có đủ giọng nói, mật khẩu, dấu vân tay, mẫu máu, đồng tử của hắn thì mới vào được, còn không thì, chúc đồng chí may mắn với pháo. Nơi này là của hắn và chỉ của hắn. Có thể nói rằng, cái phòng làm việc hiện tại của hắn, là nơi hắn cày cuốc, nhưng mà... trong tâm thức hắn, hắn vẫn đang ngồi trong căn phòng bé tí tẹo không có cửa sổ với đầy các ngăn kéo dữ liệu và một đống giấy tờ. Thực ra thì, cứ tưởng tượng mấy hàng tủ, tủ kéo như mấy cái nếp nhăn trên não hắn vậy, hằn sâu, luôn luôn được lấy ra ngắm nghía kiểm tra. Và, ẩn nấp trong đấy luôn là những bí mật. Không nhất thiết phải là của hắn. Tất cả ghi chép. Tất cả những bí mật bẩn thỉu quanh đây. Tất cả. Phần lớn mọi người có lẽ đều nhận thấy rằng thế giới đang được những tên triệu phú thời gian điều hành. Thế giới được chia ra thành 180 thành phố, mỗi thành phố có một tên triệu phú riêng đứng đầu và đại diện. Nghe có vẻ nhiều? Thế giới từng có 14 tỉ dân vào năm 2050, 119 năm sau, boom còn 600 triệu mống. Giảm 4,5% một năm đấy. Con người sống quây lại gần vào nhau hơn, gần nguồn thời gian của người khác hơn. Cứ mỗi thuộc địa có khoảng 3 đến 5 triệu người, tỉ lệ dân số của một quốc gia vẫn khoảng khoảng như thời đầu những năm 2000. Nhưng quá ít người cảm nhận thấy được họ đang được tụ tập lại bởi những người chơi chính, chẳng khác nào lũ bò bị quây lại trong trang trại. Về căn bản, thuộc địa là nông trại người của những người giàu. Philippe nắm được điều này, và hắn cố sống cố chết để trở thành một trong những người nông dân đó. Thực ra thì phải nói là một người nông dân vô cùng sáng tạo, chăm chỉ và táo bạo. Hắn túm cái ba lô mà trước hắn vẫn hay mang máy tính theo, rồi bắt đầu đi lấy những thứ cần thiết. Đầu tiên là cái kính râm có bản đồ 3D của thuộc địa này, từ những đường cống ngầm cho đến những căn nhà cao nhất. Thực ra thì chưa cần thiết lắm, hắn không thể đi qua đống cống ngầm với cái xe ô tô được, hắn phải đi tới 300km để đến nhà an toàn. Nhưng tất cả đường trên mặt đất sẽ bị chặn. Lựa chọn rõ ràng nhất của Hội Quốc Liên là sẽ là một lá chắn trường lực phủ lên trên toàn bộ thành phố. Vấn đề về năng lượng chẳng là gì nếu so sánh với vấn đề thiếu thốn quân lực của họ. Dù gì mà nói, còn có 600 triệu người để tiêu thụ cơ sở vật chất được xây dựng cho hơn 14 tỉ người. Tất cả mọi người ở thuộc địa này sẽ được liệt vào danh sách cấm. Cấm ra khỏi thuộc địa. Nhưng thức ăn, thứ đã được chuyển sang nuôi trồng bằng máy móc sẽ vẫn được đưa vào. Vậy là chỉ cấm người đi qua. Đúng hơn là cấm chip trong người đi qua. Hội Quốc Liên không muốn sự cố lan tràn ra các thuộc địa khác, xong theo đúng luật, Hội Quốc Liên và thành viên của nó không can thiệp vào nội bộ bất kể nơi nào. Nơi xảy ra sự cố, sẽ bị cô lập cho đến khi một sự cân bằng mới được đạt đến. Thiếu thốn về nhân lực bảo hộ sẽ khiến cho Hội Quốc Liên cắt cử một binh đoàn robot đến tuần tra thành phố, là tội phạm số một hiện tại, Philippe không mong đợi bản thân sẽ vẫn ở lại nơi này khi binh đoàn đó tới. Tiếp theo, hắn mở ngăn kéo chứa thiết bị chặn sóng từ chip. Philippe đã chứng kiến cách thức hoạt động của thiết bị này trực tiếp, một sự kiện mà hắn đã từng cho rằng chỉ là hạt cát cho phong phú kiến thức của bản thân. Từ ngày đó, hắn hiểu rằng đồng hồ phải đếm quá 0 thì người ta mới chết. Và đếm ngược thực ra chính là bước một của quá trình tắt chip. Hướng đến việc giả lập một cái chết tự nhiên, Philippe sẽ phải trút hết thời gian trên đồng hồ của mình. Ở thời điểm đấy, thiết bị sẽ chặn sóng từ hệ thống mang theo lệnh tử hình rồi tắt sự chuyển phát sóng từ cái chip. Không nhận được sóng nữa, hệ thống sẽ xếp hắn vào loại đã tử vong và ngừng các trao đổi với cái chip. Tiếp nữa là time capsule. Mở tủ an toàn của một time capsule chứa lượng lớn thời gian, nhấc time capsule ra khỏi bệ đỡ sẽ ngay lập tức báo động lên toàn hệ thống. Nhưng với một triệu năm chạy loạn khắp mọi nơi, chẳng ai rảnh mà chú ý có thêm 300 ngàn năm nữa biến mất. Philippe biết là hắn cần phải giả chết chỉ để thoát khỏi thành phố này, nhưng rút từng nấy thời gian ra khỏi bản thân vẫn là dọa hắn sợ khiếp. Làm ngay. Làm ngay. Làm ngay. Phần lý trí trong hắn liên tục nhắc nhở. Phần khác, không cho rằng hắn có thể chịu được cuộc sống ẩn dật cô độc. Hắn tính sẽ trốn về căn nhà an toàn ở sâu trong rừng quốc gia Sequoia, gần hồ Mary, gần khu khai thác địa nhiệt Mammoth. Đó thực sự là ở giữa nơi khỉ ho cò gáy, và đảm bảo rằng không phải là đường nối khu của hắn với những thuộc địa khác. Với sự phát triển vượt trội của khu rừng rồi những ngọn núi trùng điệp sẽ giấu hắn khỏi tầm mắt của vệ tinh, rồi thiết bị bay không người lái. Hắn vẫn có thể quay lại mà. Tìm một cái chip khác, bắt đầu lại từ đầu với một danh tính mới. Một ngày nào đó. Philippe vuốt nhẹ con số lớn một cách kì cục mà hắn nạp vào đồng hồ. 9104:51:6:23:59:54 (năm:tuần:ngày:giờ:phút:giây) Và rồi đã quyết, Philippe quả quyết đặt capsule lên tay và chuyển thời gian khỏi tay. Sẽ phải chờ khá lâu với lượng lớn thời gian như vậy. 0000:00:0:00:02:00. Hắn ném time capsule vào trong cặp. Giờ, nắm chặt thiết bị chặn sóng sát vào cổ tay, hắn chờ cái chết của bản thân. 0000:00:0:00:00:05 0000:00:0:00:00:03 0000:00:0:00:00:02 0000:00:0:00:00:01 Ngay bây giờ. 0000:00:0:00:00:00 13 số 0, ánh sáng xanh từ chiếc đồng hồ vẫn tản ra dù nó đã không còn đếm ngược nữa. Hắn vẫn còn sống. Hắn không kiềm chế được mà nắn bóp khắp bản thân. Mặt, tay, chân. Trong cái dây định mệnh đấy, lượng mồ hôi hắn tuôn ra đã tạo ra cả vũng nhỏ rồi. Không sao cả, hắn vẫn còn sống nhăn. Đúng hơn thì, hắn đang rất tuyệt. Hắn vẫn còn sống. Lúc này hắn chỉ muốn nằm lăn ra đây rồi cười thôi, song phần lý trí trong hắn lại nhắc nhở, hãy để dành việc ăn mừng tới sau khi đến được nhà an toàn. Hắn phải doạn dẹp, một lần nữa, nhanh nhanh cái chân, nhấc mông lên, dọn dẹp rồi chạy thôi. Giờ hắn, lấy hết tất cả những USB mà hắn có thể lấy được, tất cả bỏ vào cặp, tối đa lượng dữ liệu, bản ghi mà hắn có thể tiếp cận. Nghĩ mà xem, cả cái thế giới này muốn sống đều liên quan tới buôn bán. Mọi hành động của từng cá thể đều bị ghi chép lại với thời gian và địa điểm. Với một người kiếm sống bằng dữ liệu như hắn thì rõ là thiên đường rồi còn gì? Nhìn quá khứ đoán hiện tại, đoán tương lai. Chưa bao giờ thấu hiểu một người lại dễ đến vậy. Và, là một thành viên của Hội Quốc Liên, tất nhiên Philippe cũng không ngại ngần gì mà thu thập tất cả những thông tin nằm trong quyền hạn của bản thân, thậm chí cả ngoài quyền hạn nữa. Hắn cũng thường xuyên cử những gián điệp những thân cận của bản thân đi khắp nơi. Đây là phép lịch thiệp căn bản của người ở địa vị hắn. Là yêu cầu, là năng lực tối thiểu của hắn. Cuối cùng, hắn mở tủ chìa khóa xe, lấy một loạt. Không thể để người khác biết hắn chọn cái nào rồi rời đi.[Chapter 3] Cái xe cổ đại của Philippe sản xuất từ năm 2070 hoá ra lại còn tốt hơn những thế hệ xe của hiện tại. Nhanh hơn, thời gian giữa hai lần sạc ngắn hơn, thật đáng ngạc nhiên. Chiếc xe cũng có màu sắc phù hợp, một màu xám tầm thường không khó để hoà nhập vào dòng xe nhạt nhoà chậm chạp ở New Greenwich. Cũng chưa phải cuống lên, hắn vẫn từ từ lái đúng tốc độ. Có thể nói, sự kiện này chưa được cục cảnh vệ thời gian ra thông cáo chính thức - thực ra thì ho muốn ra thông cáo thì vẫn phải có chữ kí của hắn, hoặc sự tán thành của phần lớn thành viên hội đồng khu vực, những tên hề chỉ biết tận hưởng những thú vui trần tục xác thịt vật chất. Thường thì hắn là người duy nhất biết, nghĩ, ra quyết định cho mọi việc đến mức độ việc cả hội đồng ném việc cho hắn trở thành thông lệ luôn. Thậm chí, hắn còn chính là rào cản duy nhất chống hắn khỏi việc lạm dụng chức quyền mà chiếm toàn bộ thời gian ở nơi này cho riêng bản thân. Vậy nên mất hắn thì cả chính quyền địa phương trở thành rắn không đầu, không thể phản ứng, không có quyết định. Có nghĩa là hắn thừa thời gian tận hưởng thú vui của việc không làm gì cả, nhất là khi hắn đã thoát khỏi tầm kiểm soát của cái đồng hồ và sự trừng phạt bất ngờ từ hệ thống. Hệ thống vẫn làm cho hắn lo lắng một chút. Nói thẳng ra thì hắn lựa chọn một cái xe cổ là vì nó không gắn bất kì một loại định vị GPS nào chứ không như những chiếc xe tự lái. Song đề về xe tự lái, họ gọi như vậy khi không ai dám dùng chúng bởi vì ai cũng sợ cái xe sẽ hi sinh bản thân. Nghe sợ thật đó, nhưng mọi người lại chẳng quan tâm gì đến một vấn đề khác cũng đáng sợ không kém, mấy cái xe tự hành sẽ tìm đường dựa vào vị trí hiện tại của xe, nói cách khác là nó tiết lộ địa điểm của người trên xe. Và xưa nay, từng thành viên hội đồng có quyền kiểm soát cái hệ thống này, và từng người đều có thể truy cập để tìm kiếm bất kì ai. Philippe cho tất cả những xe tự lái của hắn tự đi đến những địa điểm khác nhau trong bang, thật xa để làm khó mấy kẻ tự nhận mình là thông thái, cũng không phải là một điều gì đấy mà hắn thực sự lo lắng, bởi vì đến cả người giàu cũng chẳng nhận ra ngoại trừ cái chip trên tay họ thì xe cộ rồi điện thoại hay kể cả mấy cái thiết bị nano \"kiểm tra và bảo vệ sức khỏe\" của họ đều có thể giúp người khác. Philippe là một trong những kẻ đã lạm dụng điều này để kiếm thông tin tống tiền đối thủ. Thực tế thì hắn nắm rõ từng vụ ngoại tình, từng \"cửa sau\", từng thói quen của nhiều \"bạn\" cũng như \"thù\" của bản thân, và \"luận sử minh sự\", hiểu được quá khứ sẽ nhận biết được hành đông của kẻ khác trong tương lai. Vấn đề xe cộ đã được xử lý, nhưng ngoài ra thì CCTV, hệ thống camera giám sát, cũng là một mối nguy cơ tiềm ẩn. Trời ạ, Will Salas và con gái của hắn còn có thể thoái mái chạy trốn giữa các khu vực, nhẽ nào hăn lại không thể? Tất nhiên là với một cái xe to như vậy thì hắn không thể giấu được, chưa kể là với một cái chip đã bị dừng hoạt động thì hắn không thể trả tiền chuyển vùng được. Nhưng ai sẽ chú ý đến khu vực 4 yên ả trong khi khu 12 đang xảy ra bạo loạn với một đám đông ầm ỹ chứ? Philippe phải vượt qua sông Los Angeles, và thường thì mấy cái cầu qua sông này chính là ranh giới của các khu vực. Nhưng, tin tức cuối cùng hắn nghe được trong tòa nhà lại là về vụ nổ súng đầu tiên trong khu 4 để chặn một chiếc xe di chuyển sang khu 6. Là hướng ngắn nhất để rời thành phố. Đột nhiên hắn lại cảm thấy cần phải cảm ơn đứa con gái hư hỏng của mình đã mở đường máu thoát thân rất hợp ý hắn. Thế mà Philippe cứ nghĩ là Sylvia chỉ biết làm điều duy nhất là bòn rút thời gian của hắn cơ đấy! Hắn lái nhanh qua khu vực 6, trong lòng ngầm cầu vị chúa mà hắn không tin vào hãy giúp hắn, khiến cho mấy cảnh vệ thời gian thật bận rộn với sự cố triêu năm đi. Có như vậy họ mới không chú ý tới việc chuyển đổi khu vực mà không trả phí hay vượt quá trần tốc độ trong khu dân cư. Họ không nên nhận ra hắn. Họ sẽ không nhận ra hắn đang đi giữa khu nhà bỏ hoang ở khu 6. Khu 6 và 7 đã được cho vào kế hoạch sáp nhập trong vài năm tới bởi vì sự sụt giảm dân cư. Là khu bỏ hoang, vậy mà Philippe lại có thể thấy sự hiện diện của con người quanh đây với thứ mùi hôi thối khó tả. Luật thông thường là khu vực không có dân cư sẽ bị cắt điện và nước để tránh tình trạng xâm nhập như thế này, vậy mà vẫn có người dám ở lại đây trong cái tình thế kinh khủng như vậy. Không rõ bởi điều gì, hắn lại lái chậm lại, kiếm tìm sự xuất hiện của những con người, nhìn họ rõ hơn. Philippe có thể thấy những ánh nhìn dán chặt vào chiếc xe của hắn. Bán một chiếc xe ăn cắp sẽ giúp họ sống thêm vài năm, thứ mà những cái người bẩn thỉu trong những bộ trang phục tơi tả vô cùng cần. Họ là những người đã mất đi nguồn thu nhập nhưng lại không muốn rời xuống những khu có mức sống thấp hơn (và lương thấp hơn). Họ rời tới đây và chờ ngày chết hoặc chờ ngày cuộc sống trở lại như trước. Thật ngu ngốc. Với cách làm như vậy, họ kẹt lại nơi này, chờ chết, mắc kẹt giữa niềm hi vọng hão huyền và một cái chết rõ ràng. Trong khi giải pháp lại chẳng phức tạp. Thương cảm hay khinh rẻ họ, lưng hắn vẫn như bị đốt cháy bởi cái nhìn hau háu của bọn họ. Con ngươi trắng rã lại càng nổi bật, càng sáng lên trên những khuôn mặt đen đúa. Tất cả. Nhìn chằm chằm vào hắn. Bọn họ sẽ cướp hắn! Bọn họ có thể có súng! Phần lý trí trong hắn thôi thúc hắn nhấn thêm ga để rời đi thật nhanh ra khỏi cái nơi vô cùng nguy hiểm này. Chapter này đến phần tiếng anh mình cũng viết rất dở hơi :/ Thực ra còn nửa chap nữa nhưng vẫn ngâm giấm vì quá khó dịch. Và chúa ơi, mới được 1/5 màn độc thoại... ","Summary":" Đứa con gái ngỗ nghịch và người bạn trai nhặt được của nó đã cùng nhau bỏ trốn với một triệu năm củ"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"Change","Author":"sevenofmine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8728846","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The beginning (!) of a FanFiction. I don't know if I'll find time to write it on. If you want to continue the story, I'm open to give you all necessary information about the new character and how it should go on... Chapter 1 \"Leon, there's a new case for you,\" the boss said when he entered the big hall. \"I'm on my way,\" Leon said and logged out of the computer. \"No, not alone. You need a partner.\" \"I've never needed one,\" he said sharply and was nearly out of the room. But the boss grabbed his arm. \"It's dangerous out there in Time Zone 12. You don't have backup.\" \"I've got Jaeger and Kors,\" Leon referred to the other timekeepers. \"Ya, they're working together. And you need someone who watched you that you have enough time on your clock,\" the boss reminded him again. \"And who do you propose?\" Timekeeper Raymond Leon asked and his ice cold light-blue eyes stared down at his boss who started to smile for having 'convinced' the worker. He led Leon through the corridor and into another big hall. \"Miss Riddle?\" he asked and a young woman turned around. She was very thin, tall, about one meter seventy-five, had very blonde hair and deepest black eyes. \"That's timekeeper Theresa Riddle,\" the boss explained. \"That's Raymond Leon, I told you about him,\" he said to her and the two timekeepers shook their hands. \"And you will be nice to each other!\" the boss reminded them. \"Miss Riddle is new here, she worked In Time Zone 3 before,\" he added and disappeared in the crowd of working timekeepers. \"How long?\" Leon asked shortly. \"Long enough,\" she answered and they walked out to the parking garage. \"I assume not as long as I did?\" \"No. You're here for over fifty years, right?\" \"Yes,\" he answered unfriendly and together they stepped into his car and he started driving. Timekeepers Riddle and Leon arrived at the crime scene when two others were pulling the body out of the river. Kors and Jaeger, the other two timekeepers Leon was working with, were watching. They stepped out of the car and Leon introduced his new partner: \"Jaeger, Kors, that's Timekeeper Theresa Riddle. She'll now work with us.\" They exchanged 'hello's while Leon was already examining the body. \"Thirteen zeros. Unlucky for all,\" Jaeger commented. \"The last time anyone saw him alive, there was over a century on that clock.\" \"Well, around here, they'd kill you for a week. What was he doing in this Time Zone?\" Timekeeper Leon asked and looked around. \"What I was thinking was he might have brought this on himself,\" Jaeger proposed. \"Interesting. How long you been keeping time, Jaeger?\" Leon asked sharply. \"Five years.\" \"Let me know what you think when you have been doing it for 50. It doesn't matter why he came here. What matters are the hundred years that came with him…Theresa, what do you think?\" \"Stolen…but I assume nobody saw anything,\" the blonde girl answered. She wore a tight black latex-suit and a black coat with black boots, typical for time keepers, they were all dressed in black. \"See, she's here for a day and already better than you,\" Leon said. \"Gotta be a witness,\" Jaeger mentioned. \"Like she said,\" he muttered and turned around to examine the environment. \"What would you like us to do, sir?\" Kors asked. \"What we always do. Follow the time,\" he said and walked back to the car. \"Theresa, come with me,\" he ordered and she followed. Before he opened his car, a nut from the other side of the river screamed over: \"Hey, Ray. I'll give you ten minutes for an hour.\" \"When are you gonna get out of the game, Leila? You must be pushing sixty!\" \"Thanks for letting everyone know,\" she snapped back and the two timekeepers got in the car. But Theresa hesitated a moment, \"is that a video camera?\" she asked and pointed up. \"Well seen, come on. We're gonna get the tape,\" Leon said and they drove away. \"What do you think?\" Kors asked Jaeger when they were alone again with the dead body. \"About what?\" \"About her,\" he answered. \"She's…pretty.\" \"Pretty? She's damned hot. And now, she's gotta work with him . What a waste…\" \"He's fast,\" Jaeger said impressed. The three timekeepers were sitting at the computer screen, Leon was standing, and were watching the video tape. \"He's gonna have to be,\" Leon mentioned with his soft voice and the Irish accent. \"The camera doesn't show us how the body got into the river,\" Kors reminded. \"What do we really know?\" \"What do we know?\" Leon muttered. \"We know that most thefts in Dayton amount to hours or days. This was a century. I don't see anymore circulation.\" \"He could have capsuled the time,\" Kors proposed but Theresa shook her head: \"You can't hide a hundred years in the ghetto.\" \"That's right,\" Leon said surprised but without turning around. \"They can sense when a man has a month more than he should.\" \"Then the time must have left town,\" Theresa suggested and that was the moment when Leon turned around. \"You check it out,\" he ordered the other three timekeepers. \"Sir, you were right,\" Jaeger said two hours later. \"If you turn back the clock the day of Hamilton's death, and look at the time checks, someone spent years crossing four different Time Zones from Dayton-\" \"To New Greenwich. The cameras picked up his suspicious behavior,\" Leon ended the sentence. \"He's conscious of the surveillance, he doesn't have a bodyguard and he runs.\" \"But if he has the time, he doesn't need to run,\" Jaeger mentioned. He and Kors had problems walking as fast as Leon did, Theresa was fit enough and used to it. \"It's a hard habit to break,\" Leon answered and they slowed down to the woman who watched the surveillance videos. \"You're looking for a match?\" Leon asked. \"His name is Will Salas,\" she answered. Leon's face became ice cold and pale. \"You know him?\" Theresa asked. But he shook his head. \"No. I remember his father,\" he said slowly at exactly the same moment when they received another phone call. \"A usual few hours missing,\" Kors declared. Leon nodded. \"Theresa and I will solve this, you two find out more about him,\" Leon decided and pointed at the picture of Salas on the screen. It was already late night when Theresa and Leon came back from arresting a usual mobster. It was nearly nobody left in the timekeeper office. \"I'll go home,\" he explained but she asked: \"You always go home alone?\" He looked surprised but nodded. \"You're from here, right?\" \"What do you mean?\" \"You walk fast, you can run fast, you're in a hurry and you take your daily time rations very lately. You're used to not having much time on your clock,\" she said and stared into his crystal blue eyes.[Chapter 2] Yeah, congrats. You persuaded me to continue. But I can't promise to write another chapter more. That film's longer than I remembered and Leon's scenes are so rare... But don't hesitate to leave reviews Chapter 2 It wasn't what he usually did. And he still didn't know what exactly had happened. But when he got the call from the Timekeeper's central, he had found himself awaking in his own bed, but not alone. Next to him a girl was lying. She was a beautiful girl…and his colleague. Damn shit, he cursed himself. How could that have happened? But however, he picked up the call and woke Theresa so that they could together drive to where Will Salas was suspected. It was a long drive to Time Zone 4 but after hours together with Jaeger and Kors they arrived. \"Thank God. Now, how about that game?\" Mr. Weis asked Will Salas in the exact moment when the doors flew open. The crowd of people were pushed aside by the timekeepers, Kors, Leon in the middle, Jaeger and the small and slender figure of timekeeper Riddle. \"It's alright everyone. What's this about?\" Weis tried to calm down the situation. \"I'm sorry to have break up the party, Mr. Weis. I just need a word with your friend,\" Leon said in his typical, half-impolite manner. \"My friend?\" Weis said disgusted. He didn't want to be a friend with someone who seemed to have problems with timekeepers. And he made that very obvious. \"Very well.\" Jaeger and Kors brought Salas to another room and Leon and Theresa followed them. \"I'm Timekeeper Raymond Leon.\" \"I'm Will Salas.\" \"I know,\" Leon answered impatiently. Theresa had to smile. He could really be a fucking asshole. \"What are you doing in this zone?\" \"It's not illegal, is it? To change time zones?\" \"No…it's just rare,\" he answered. They talked on and on and Theresa wondered how much hatred could there really be found in Raymond. What did he really feel toward her? He hadn't talk a word with her since they had left his house. Was he angry or just confused? \"That time will be held, along with you,\" Jaeger stated and started to remove his time. \"We'll leave you two hours for booking and processing. \"Why are you investigating a suicide?\" Salas asked when the timekeepers were already half way out. \"There's mass murder in the ghetto every day.\" \"That is fascinating,\" Leon whispered and turned back to him. She stopped and tried to figure out what he was muttering. \"I heard another man talk like that. It was over twenty years ago. You're probably too young to remember your father. We'll arrange safe transport. This is New Greenwich after all,\" he hissed and left again. Theresa managed to smile. He put his hand on her back and accompanied her out of the room. They walked out and waited. But Will waited. Waited for a chance to escape. And he took it. It was all so fast, Leon just caught Theresa who was pushed away to Will who was jumping down the staircase. The next moment, everyone had frozen and Leon realized why: He had taken Silvia as a hostage. \"Stop him!\" everyone was screaming while Will ran out – together with Silvia. Theresa jumped to her feet again and followed by Leon, they were hunting down the stairway and after him. They heard the car's engine coming online and saw the back lights. They jumped into their cars, Raymond was driving, Theresa on the co-driver's seat, calling for back-up. It was late evening traffic and the cars were driving slowly. They managed a course between them and after the silver car. She looked into his face and saw nothing but hatred and that he was determined to catch Salas. He never failed and she feared that with his attitude, to definitely catch him, would prevent him from doing so. He drove faster and faster. \"Raymond,\" Theresa whispered and tried to calm him down. \"We'll get them. Slow down. Everyone's alarmed. Please, Raymond.\" But he didn't listen. Their car touched Salas' but slowed none of them down. Suddenly, Salas' car turned around and he drove backward. \"Is he fucking crazy?\" she whispered silently. She didn't have any influence in the scene and just hoped that Raymond wouldn't kill them both. It was so suddenly over. Just a van touched them and stopped immediately. She felt herself being pushed to the car's door and back again. \"Satisfied?\" she asked sarcastically and angrily for his maneuver. He just stared after the escaping outlaws. They drove on all night to rule out some possibilities where they could have gone. It has already become daylight again and Theresa was sleeping on the co-driver's seat. She awoke not very softly when Leon braked hard. \"What?\" she asked rudely. Although she didn't need much sleep, she was angry about his nerving habits that brought them into danger of life. \"Look down there,\" he said chewing his gum. \"Cutting it close again, sir,\" Kors mentioned when Leon had re-filled his time. \"Well, I'm still walking around,\" he just answered and started to examine the crime scene. When it went on like this, Theresa was sure, he'd one day run out of time without a car around. \"By the lack of dead bodies, we have to assume they're also,\" Theresa mentioned with her strong voice. \"So where do you want us to start looking?\" Jaeger asked. \"We don't. He'll come to us,\" Leon said and sat down on the car.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 He hadn't wanted it. She had persuaded him. Why always chasing criminals? What was time worth at all? Why couldn't they just go and leave everybody behind? This was the question she asked him. He had only smiled. \"Your clock isn't ticking yet,\" he answered. \"But mine is.\" \"You have two days now. It's enough to run away from here.\" \"And after the two days.\" \"I know how to get a job…\" \"What kind of job?\" \"A job where nobody asks questions. Even not when you're a former timekeeper. Just come with me.\" \"Where?\" \"Timezone 16, the worst of the worst. Trust me,\" she whispered and kissed him. But what he didn't know was that he was the last real timekeeper of them all. And the only reason he had to go was because if not, Will would never succeed. But when he left everything behind, took the last time he had and ran with her, then it was clear that Will was going to succeed…as much as Raymond succeeded in surviving and leaving the past be past… ","Summary":" The beginning (!) of a FanFiction. I don't know if I'll find time to write it on. If you want to co"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"Carnality","Author":"SylviaWeis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8136908","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Carnality I planned to write some M-rated stories. Here are the characters of the stories 1 Me (Solo) 2 Me X Will X Raymond If you have any good plots, please give me reviews(^^)[Chapter 2] 1 Me (Solo) I admit that I love sex and porn. Touching myself is very great. My house was very big. My room was like an apartment: dining room, living room, bathroom, etc. I wasn't afraid to scream in my bedroom. When I was 12, I found something interesting on the Internet. I forget what website it was, I clicked on the hyperlink and I was directed to another website. My eyes glued to the screen. A woman lay on a bed and a man was on top of her. They were stark naked. I noticed that man's something was inside her. This was the first time I saw a man's whole body. I kept on browsing that website. I felt hot and some liquid came out of my body and I went to shower. All the images were running through my head that night. The next day, I browsed some websites about adult stuff. I found some adult video websites too. I clicked on a video: one man and a woman. Then, I lay on my bed and watched it. I slipped a hand into my shirt. I rubbed and squeezed my breast. I touched my crotch with the other hand. I moaned a bit. I kept doing these afterward. I practiced my voice. My voice turned out more seductive eventually. One day I went to the cinema with my friends, I turned some movie's plots into my sexual fantasy. That night, I put my fingers into me the first time. In the meanwhile, I fell asleep. I dreamt a strange dream. The light was switched on. I lay on my bed, stark naked, limbs spreading. I couldn't move, I felt terrified. My crotch… An object with no legs, holding a sickle, wearing a purple cloak and ghost mask appeared from the door and floated toward me. I still couldn't move. The room was still bright. It looked like a character of the film I saw. It carried human way from this world when it was the time for the person to die. It chopped off human head if the person knew their existence and refused to die. I sat up all of a sudden. It stopped. I faced it and my heart beat faster. The white mask looked terrifying. Two black circles as its eyes and one oval as its mouth. Its two red pupils glowed from its eyes. Out of my control, I held its neck and we fell on my bed. Its sickle fell out from its hands. Strange… Why did I do this? It wanted to kill me, right? It could talk, unbelievable! It was a he. He said, \"You can't escape, little girl. Hm,hm,hm.\" I wanted to talk but I couldn't. He grabbed my head, I grabbed his head in return. I wanted to take off his mask but he slapped my hand away. He grabbed my head and pressed his lips to mine. He left and stuck his tongue out. It was too long for a human that he wasn't. It reached my teeth. I licked it. I knew it was just a dream although it was long and seemed so real. I moaned a bit when he pressed himself to me and waist to my crotch. He moved down and kissed my neck. I put his hands on my breasts. He squeezed them. I wanted more and more. My waist implied it. He sat up, put his hands on the bed and next to me. Something was thrusting into me. I raised my head and I saw his white thing stuck out of his cloak. I screamed and moaned and groaned in joy. I loved it. He was hitting my sensitive points. He was licking his upper lip. Maybe he was happy. I was pretty happy too. I woke up and pulled my wet fingers out. That was one of the best dreams I have ever had. The dream had a sequel. It was midnight. I was wearing a dress and walked into an alley. I saw him at the end. I could feel his hostility from his red pupils. He wielded his sickle. I parried it. I snatched the sickle out of his hands. We fell down to the ground. I sat on his waist and grabbed his head. He was quick and snatched the sickle. I couldn't move. He put the sickle at the nape of my neck. He tore my dress and squeezed my breasts. I woke up by hearing a knock. My father destroyed the dream. I couldn't continue to dream that dream again. Reviews?[Chapter 3] 2 Me X Will X Raymond As we solved the problem, I decided to go out with Will and Raymond. I told others we would be back that night. We walked to the abandoned bank hand in hand: Will on my left hand side, Raymond on my right hand side. The bank located in the woods. It was a pretty gorgeous and big. No one worked there because no one was willing to drive for a long time to there. I couldn't wait! Some liquid kept coming out of my body! Raymond opened the door and switched on the lights. The place was so clean. It seemed the bank had been cleaned up by some people. We went to ladies toilet to wash our hands. I led these hot guys to a sofa. We sat down, I half closed my eyes and said, \"Oh~ You two are hot. I want you so bad.\" Will replied with his warm voice, \"You are always in my fantasy.\" Actually, I wanted Will more. I gave Raymond a brief kiss and turned to kiss Will. I put my hands on the back of their head. They hold my waist. Raymond pressed his lips to my cheek. Will was still kissing my lips. Will moved his tongue clockwise on my lips. Raymond stuck out his tongue and moved upward to my ear. He sucked my earlobe and licked my earhole. Will's tongue stuck his tongue into me. I sucked it. Will's left hand fondled my thigh. Raymond's right hand moved along my right side and placed on my cleavage. He blew in my ear. I moaned, \"Oh…\" My crotch was throbbing. Raymond squeezed my right breast and Will fingered my crotch. \"Hm, hm, uh…\" This felt so good. I put my left hand on my left breast. The drip of saliva wet my dress a bit. My breasts swelled out. Raymond caressed my left breast. Will slid his hand out. He took off his shirt, Raymond stopped and took off his coat and vest. Then, I couldn't wait to take off my dress (Will's mother's dress). I stood up, they and I took off my dress. I took off my boots and pantyhose. I helped them taking off all their clothes. Their members were quite long and large. When they took off my remaining clothes, their eyes gazed at my body. I blushed. I felt hot. I sat down on the sofa. They sat beside me. They caressed my back while laid their hands on my breasts. They were playing with them. \"Yes. Oh…\" They sucked my breasts and excited my pink tips. \"Ah… Great!\" Raymond knelt down between my legs. Will knelt next to me on my left hand side on the sofa. \"Wow!\" Will's member was in front of me. My saliva almost dripped. Will smiled, \"Taste it if you love it.\" I took hold of it. I rubbed it on my face while I was licking it. Raymond held my thighs and licked along my thighs. I licked Will's tip anticlockwise and swallowed his member. I sucked it back and forth. Did my mother do this to my father? I liked the taste of his member. Raymond started licking my crotch. I felt his breath. He licked along my lips and circled my opening. Excitement was immediately tickled. I moaned. My crotch was not just wet but soaked. His fingers were soaked too. Raymond smirked, \"Hm. I love it. You are so sensitive. You often touch yourself?\" I blushed more, \"You don't have to point that out.\" After a while, they swapped position. I did the same to Raymond's member. That time, Will sucked my core and licked it softly. He put two fingers into me. I wanted to scream so badly and I screamed. Will and Raymond knelt on the sofa opposite each other. I was between them. I was facing Raymond while my butt was facing Will. I raised my head and took hold of Raymond's member and did it. Will touched my crotch to check if I was ready. He buried his member in me. I purred, \"Ah! Yes!\" I loved how he was banging me. \"Ah, ah, right…\" Raymond smirked again, why couldn't he smile? He took my face in his hands and asked, \"Your mouth can measure the size of my member, right?\" \"Monster, ah…\" I was impressed by his naughty question. I wanted more. Will placed his hands on my shoulders and slid them onto my breasts. He massaged them. \"Oh! Will…\" Raymond sat on the sofa. I sat on him, \"Ray, you are not bad.\" This time he grinned, \"Feel my wand's power.\" Will stood behind the sofa and stuck his member into my mouth, \"Then I'm going to intensify my wand's power.\" I put my hand around Raymond's neck and the other hand took hold of Will's wand. I shook my waist with rhythm. Raymond was deep inside me! I left puddles on his lower belly. Will came and lifted me up, \"Let's fly to my castle.\" He put me on a counter. Raymond followed. I sat down and leaned on glass and spread my legs. Will bent down and licked my fountain. Raymond examined Will's private garden. Will thrust into me and moaned, \"My sweet Sylvia…\" Raymond stood behind him and moaned, \"My sweet Will...\" Will sulked and turned around, \"Hey! You twat!\" Raymond smiled, \"I'm sure you'll like it.\" I watched Will slide in and out of me. I half closed my eyes and screamed, \"Harder, please~~~~~\" Will and Raymond moaned a bit but my voice was the loudest. Still, I giggled a bit, their voices were a bit funny. After playing for a long time, it was time to dress up. Raymond said, \"I love you, Sylvia.\" Will said, \"I love you more, Sylvia.\" I said, \"I love you both.\" I gave a kiss on Will's cheek only. I enjoyed the blissful moment. It gave me superb excitement and pleasant memory. ","Summary":" Carnality I planned to write some M-rated stories. Here are the characters of the stories 1 Me (Sol"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"The Timekeeper's Beginning","Author":"themijack","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8339096","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey everyone, this is the first fanfic I've ever written so I'm open to criticism and I hope you guys really enjoy it. This was just some little idea I had in the back of my head and I hope to make this a multi-chapter story :) Chapter 1: Raymond Leon stared at the bright, white ceiling while trying to remember who he was. It was his daily routine in the morning because he always believed that he would wake up back in the dirty, old apartment in Dayton instead of the modern servants room in New Greenwich. He never thought he actually got out of the ghetto, it was a dream that no other Dayton man had accomplished until now. But after a decade living in the heights of the rich in-time was he still considered a man of the streets? So, who was Raymond Leon? The simple guard of a spoiled princess or the man who ran from his life in the depths of society? He didn't understand why he thought of such things like this in his life. Isn't this what he always wanted? Maybe it was the long years away from the ghetto that made him realize how he could never truly leave it behind. Or maybe he was just getting too old. He was turning forty after all. \"Ugh, forty,\" Leon groaned. He reluctantly pulled himself off the comfortable mattress and proceeded to prepare himself for the long day ahead of him with his clean suit awaiting for him and the morning coffee calling his name. He wondered what the princess would want to do today. Whatever it was he hoped he would survive the interminable hours spent at the mall with her or her unusual rebellious behavior that placed her as a freak among groups of friends in New Greenwich. It wasn't that she was crazy; it was just that she was different. Whether it was a good thing or not Raymond didn't care, he just wanted to make sure the bitch wouldn't pull anything on him today. Just as he about to take a sip of his black coffee he heard a scream. True to his instincts Raymond ran to Lysandra's room in record time. \"Lysandra,\"Raymond banged on the door. \"It's me, open up.\" The petite brunette opened up but hid her body awkwardly behind the door while glaring at Raymond. She hated it that he was always on her like a dog. Sure in a way he was her watchdog but come on she couldn't even put on a dress without him thinking that she was stabbed or something. \"Leon I'm fine,\" Lysandra said dully. Leon gave her a look of deep confusion. \"Then why did you scream?\" Lysandra gave him one of her famous eye-rolls when what she really wanted to do was laugh in his face. \"I think my dress doesn't fit anymore.\" Now it was Leon's turn to give her an eye-roll. The girl could buy all the dresses she wants and yet she obsesses over the one that doesn't fit her. No wonder Leon couldn't make a relationship last with any of these uptight New Greenwich women. Lysandra glared hard at Leon with her dark eyes. \"Don't give me that look Raymond Leon. If you understood women better maybe you wouldn't be such a loner all the time and then I could finally give you the nights off,\" she said with a hint of annoyance. \"Another woman in my life Lysandra? Please I can barely keep up with you and you expect me to handle two women at the same time. No thanks but I'll pass,\" Leon retorted. Lysandra turned her nose up at him. He was such a hardass. \"Fine be that way. Now if you're done judging the women population's behavior can you please help me with this dress?\" \"I thought you said it didn't fit.\" \"Doesn't mean I can't suck in my stomach or wear one of those corsets I found in the basement. So are you gonna help me or not?\" Leon sighed deeply and nodded. He stepped into the gigantic room that somehow, unlike its occupier, was clean and classy with its shabby chic designs and everything in place. Either the maid was a good cleaner or deep down Lysandra had OCD. But Raymond didn't know which option it could be. Lysandra gathered up her luscious waves in her hands and turned her exposed back towards Raymond. \"Zip me up,\" she demanded. Raymond took hold of the tiny zipper and tried to pull it up but it was stuck. Damn , he thought, I'm a trained guard that could kill a man in a few minutes but I can't zip up a simple dress...pathetic . \"Do you really need to try on a dress this early in the morning?\" \"I have a party at Henry Hamilton's place in three days, so I need to find something to wear and usually this is the only time in the day I have to do anything in peace so I thought it was better now than never. Besides Leon this isn't any dress it's a vintage Chanel ,\" she said. Exaggerating the last part a bit like her silly friends would do. Among her group the girls would always brag about the brands they wore and made it into a secret contest to see who could wear (and afford) the best brands. Leon smiled faintly as he knew her habits of making fun of the pompous young ladies of New Greenwich. It was odd that even though she was born into this rich world of the grand parties and all the time in the world that she would act this way towards her people. In a way Leon felt sort of proud of her. \"Is it up yet?\" Lysandra asked. Raymond was about to tell her to give up on this ridiculous dress when he finally got the idiotic zipper to cooperate and zipped it up for her. \"Well I just wasted valuable minutes of my life,\" he complained. \"But it finally worked.\" Lysandra twirled around in the dress and raised her brows at Raymond to ask whether she looked amazing or not. Raymond knew better than to lie to her if she didn't look good but today she looked stunning. The navy blue dress was overlaid with beautiful black lace that flowed softly over Lysandra's delicate curves and the ribbon pinched her waist so it could show off the hourglass figure Lysandra kept hidden in her baggy shirts and jeans. \"You look...\"Leon started. \"Ravishing?\" she finished for him. Leon shook his head. \"Nope.\" Lysandra's heart sank. \"Do I look that...\" Leon smiled again while continuing on with his last sentence. \"You look astonishing.\" \"Thank you Leon,\" Lysandra smiled widely. \"And while you're here I should tell you that I am not letting you come to the party with me unless...\" \"Unless what?\" Leon asked after she trailed off her sentence. \"Unless you wear something other than that ghastly guard uniform. I mean that's all you ever wear. Black pants, black shoes, black tie and a white shirt. Don't you have anything else in that closet of yours or do I need to give you some fashion tips?\" Raymond pinched his nose between his fingers and groaned deeply. Just when I thought this was going to be an easy day and already she judges me like she's my wife. \"I'm paid to keep watch over you not to play dress-up. Will you at least compensate me with the twelve minutes I spent trying to zip up your dress?\" \"Fine,\" Lysandra sighed dramatically. She grabbed Leon's right wrist and waited for the green numbers on his left arm to begin counting. Though Leon was paid daily by her father (he gained three days per day) Lysandra made it a habit of theirs to reward his patience whenever she had one of her 'moments'. This would not be the first nor last time she would ever give him a bit of her time and honestly it didn't bother her. What really bothered her was that Leon barely had a year on his clock while she already had a decade on hers. \"Raymond,\" Lysandra began to say. Leon wondered if something was worrying her. She rarely called him Raymond. It was at times when she most needed someone to talk to that she'd always turn to him and call him only by his first name. Also, whenever she was alone with Raymond she would show her true nature to him. Sure to outsiders she was the rebellious daughter of famous businessman Reid Steinwald but to Raymond and the rest of the servants in the house she was the girl who couldn't find her place in society. \"Raymond, don't you think this is unfair,\" she said while looking at their very distinct clocks. Leon shook his head, but not to motion that he disagreed with her views on the time system. What he wanted to say was this was the way things were going to be no matter what anyone did and there were little to no chances that he would ever have a decade on his clock. It wasn't an impossible task but it order to obtain so much time he would have to either: work really hard (and probably die poor anyways), manage a successful business or marry someone that came from time. Although he had many thoughts on the matter of this unfair way of life he said all his thoughts in just one simple sentence. \"It's the way it has to be.\" Lysandra's face showed that she wasn't content with his bland answer. Yet she didn't press him on for any details. She, instead, waved him away. \"You should go have some breakfast. I'll, um, inform you when I want to go somewhere,\" she said, unsure of how to forget about their odd conversation. \"Alright then,\" Leon replied. Before he closed the door behind him he looked at Lysandra and said one last thing. \"Remember I'll be there if you need me Lysandra.\" Lysandra smiled. \"You've been there for me for almost ten years Raymond. Watching over me day by day. Of course I know you'll always be there. Believe me I know.\"[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: \"If those girls talk about one more guy's ass and how good it looked I swear I'll shoot myself with my gun,\" Jean complained. If anyone in this close group of guards had it bad it was definitely Jean. He complained non-stop about Emily Goldstein's spontaneous tantrums that occurred every five minutes and how they caused the recent threat from his employer to cut his salary in half unless he obeyed his precious daughter's every desire. The only way he could go through with this hellish nightmare was remembering his carefree years in European Zone 6 when trying to survive the every call of a spoiled rich girl. \"Leon,\" Jean continued on with his speech. \"You have no idea how lucky you are to have been hired by the Steinwalds. I heard they were a bunch of oddballs but hell I rather be with your kid than mine.\" The other guards laughed at the foolish Jean who just looked down shyly at his feet. Even Raymond couldn't help but chuckle at his close companion. \"Guards!\" shrieked the blonde that was walking in front of the guards. \"Hurry up, we have much more places to go. If you don't do as I say I swear my daddy will hear of this.\" All the guards rolled their eyes at Roxanne Overton once her back was turned. It was pathetic of her to think that the guards would do anything she wished for. She was a disgrace to all the blondes who wanted to end the offending stereotypes they could not remove in years. Yet what confused the guards most about this girl was the ability to still make friends even though she would boss them all around as if she was the leader of them all. To be honest the one who should act that way was Lysandra since she was the richest of the four girls but instead she was the most down-to-earth of the New Greenwich ladies. One day, out of curiosity, Leon approached Lysandra on the matter and she said that she befriended the girl mostly out of pity when she came fresh out of her old home in Zone 3, Highland Park without knowing who would be willing to show her the way in New Greenwich. Even then Leon could not believe how they tolerated her outrageous behavior, flirting with just about anyone including Raymond himself at one of her birthday celebrations after taking one too many tequila shots. Leon shivered at the disgusting memories appearing in his head of that miserable night. Lysandra stole a quick glance at the guards trudging obediently behind them with a slight look of irritation in their tired eyes. She felt horrible whenever she and her friends dragged them to whichever places they wanted for endless hours without even considering how this affected their guards. Lysandra knew Leon's reasons for taking the job as her guard but she still thought this was an inescapable hell for them until they were admitted for Timekeeper training. \"Girls, I feel a little tired. I think I'm going to bail this time,\" Lysandra suddenly announced. \"Lysandra you can't just leave us now. Come on stay for a little while longer,\" spoke up the quietest of the group, Marilyn Wright. \"I really can't Marilyn, believe me. Besides my dad's bound to come back from the European zones some day and I want to make sure I'm there to welcome him home. Isn't that right Leon?\" Lysandra said with an innocent look on her face. The three girls glanced back at the tall, cold (yet handsome) man as he gave a slight nod with his head. \"Of course it is Miss Steinwald.\" The girls looked at Lysandra, a little hurt by her sudden and quick leaving but they knew they would not be able to convince her to stay. Lysandra was known for being an extremely stubborn person and no one was able to change her thinking on anything, well excluding those special people that Lysandra greatly admired. \"Well I guess we'll see you another day right?\" Marilyn asked. Lysandra smiled at her best friend. \"Yeah, of course we will. Hamilton's party is right around the corner. Then, maybe, after that we'll see each other at another party. I was thinking I might throw a welcoming back party for my dad. Just to announce his arrival in a big way ya know\" Marilyn, Emily and Roxanne all nodded approvingly and glowed with glee at the possibility of showing off their riches at another social event. They acted quiet and regal sometimes but they were born party animals. Five minutes gushing about an event that wasn't even planned yet went by and the girls finally exchanged hugs and bid farewell to Lysandra. Even the other guards shook Raymond's hand to say goodbye. After a few minutes of silence while walking to the parking garage Raymond broke the awkward silence between them by speaking up first. \"Did you really have to go or were you just bored of them?\" Lysandra pondered about her answer for a couple of seconds before answering Leon. Should she tell him that she sort of did it for him? Whether she told him the truth or not she doubted he would care but he'd probably rub it in her face if she explained why she did it. She could lie but Raymond had been with her for almost a decade now so he knew everything about her and vice versa. \"Will you question me if I tell you the truth?\" Lysandra finally said. \"Of course,\" Leon replied. \"I find it unusual for you to leave so early and knowing you I'm guessing it wasn't because you were tired. You're a terrible liar Lysandra and I'm not so easy to fool as your little friends.\" \"Fine but please don't judge me,\" Lysandra sighed. \"I did it for you. I felt horrible and inconsiderate having my guard follow me around like an obedient little puppy while I waste my time in shopping malls. Just look at me, I went there for like three hours and I'm leaving empty-handed. I should've at least boughten something to make this shopping trip worthwhile.\" Leon inspected the girl as she looked away from his hypnotizing blue eyes and blushed scarlet on her pale cheeks. He thought perhaps one day he would understand her kind behavior that everyone in New Greenwich obviously lacked. She and her family were the only people from time, that he knew of, that had this charitable trait and actually donated to the poor timelines in run-down Dayton. \"What?\" Lysandra said as she caught Leon staring at her with curiosity. \"You'd think that I'd be used to your odd personality after all these years together, yet every day that goes by you surprise me with something new about yourself. I've never met anyone like you or your father, giving time to the poor when everyone else thinks we're just a bunch of unavoidable parasites. I mean there were a couple of nice, humble people in Dayton but I guess it's not the same anymore from when I was there... but still Lysandra there's no one quite like you, \" Raymond responded sincerely. Lysandra blushed even deeper at the sweet compliment Raymond gave her. \"Thank you Raymond. You know if you acted this way more often I wouldn't be biting your head off all the time.\" \"That's true but where's the fun in that?\" Raymond replied as he shrugged his shoulders. \"What do you know about fun Raymond Leon? You're practically married to your job as a guard. You don't have time for fun. And don't say that reading is fun because that's just a very sad lie. What you need is something or someone that brings out the wild side of you,\" Lysandra retorted, a hint of playfulness in her tone. \"Jesus Christ not this again,\" Leon groaned. \"Look you're a handful already. I don't need another person to be added into this complicated equation.\" \"What are you so scared of Raymond? Afraid that you'll madly in love with a woman or fall head over heels for her?\" Lysandra said with a fake dramatic gasp. Leon rolled his eyes. \"Why do you want me to be in a relationship so bad? Are you feeling guilty that I never have a life outside of you and your family?\" Lysandra stopped dead in her tracks. Shit, he figured it out. Leon looked at Lysandra realizing that he was able to figure her out before she even got her plan into the works. \"So that's it? Lysandra do you ever stop worrying about how I deal with my life? Here's a thought, why don't you stick to yours and I'll stick to mine.\" \"Are you angry with me for trying to give you some liberty? I never wanted a guard, I never wanted to tie someone down to me, yet here you are and I can't help but feel like... like I'm using you,\" Lysandra mumbled softly. Leon had an acute sense of hearing so he heard her every honest, unselfish word. Like I said Lysandra, there's no one quite like you. \"Come on I'll be fine. Besides you know why I'm doing this. I want to become a Timekeeper and this is my only way to prove to the Chief that I can make it. Just help me go through with this and soon you won't have to deal with me any longer. Got it?\" She nodded at Raymond and continued the walk through the parking garage with Raymond guiding her through the twisted angles and long rows of unfamiliar cars until they reached the pearl white, vintage Rolls Royce car in the lower levels. Raymond moved swiftly in front of Lysandra to open up the back door for her like a true gentlemen. If his late mother ever taught him anything it was to always act like a proper gentleman in front of a lady. No wonder everyone in Dayton made fun of me, but hey, at least all the girls came running to me. \"Thank you,\" said Lysandra as she glanced appreciatively up at Raymond. \"Your welcome,\" he replied as he slid into the driver's seat. \"Where to now?\" \"Home,\" Lysandra put it out simply. \"Home,\" Raymond nodded. \"Well at least that's what society would name it. I rather think dystopia is more like it. Don't you?\" Leon sighed. \"I'll get you there in a few minutes.\" \"Ok,\" Lysandra replied, a little worried. \"By the way Raymond, please don't speed. Just please.\" In the rear view mirror Lysandra saw Raymond's sly smirk and she knew that once more she'd be in for the ride of her life. Years living in the ghetto Raymond never got the chance to drive a car... until now. Whenever he got the chance he was a maniac behind the wheel and Lysandra had to remind herself to not climb over the backseat to pull on the hand brake. We are paying him way too much time for him to pull this kind of stunt was Lysandra's last thought before she held onto the door for dear life as they sped off to the Steinwald house leaving behind in the dust the poor rich people of New Greenwich.[Chapter 3] Guys, I'm so sorry that I kept you guys waiting for this chapter for like 2 weeks now 'cause I've been too lazy and been making sure it was perfect (though it is the smallest chapter) before I uploaded it but hey at least it wasn't a month or two right? Anyway, here you go chapter 3 is up and I swear that chapter 4 will be up as soon as possible. So enjoy! Chapter 3: Where in the hell are you? Walking around aimlessly throughout the Hamilton mansion, Raymond Leon was looking for any sign that could indicate him on Lysandra's whereabouts. He lost track of her after he turned ( just for a freaking second !) to another fellow guard to ask for help on a technical difficulty his earpiece was having. Then, he looked back at his right side and, to his surprise, Lysandra was gone. So here he was, without even a small clue on where the person he was hired to protect was at. When I find you, I'm going to give you a piece of my mind Lysandra! I swear I will! After wandering the 3 floors of Hamilton's house for the fifth ( or was this the sixth? ) time in a row, Leon could think of only one more place where Lysandra could be hiding. The gardens. The same gardens that were also a labyrinth. \"My lucky day,\" Raymond joked to himself. He ruffled the back of his hair as he imagined going into that dreaded area. \"Maybe after this I better quit.\" Raymond tried to remember the way to this particular fountain Lysandra loved that was near the middle of the gardens. He couldn't deny that the fountain of angels was an exquisite statue but all this trouble was caused for a fountain? No excuse was good enough for Lysandra to explain why she had abandoned him in that pathetic party and not told him a single word on where to find her. As he made his way through the crowds of the high society gentlemen and ladies unto the green pathways of the gardens, Leon had a sudden thought roaming through his mind. Was it a right at the statue of Aphrodite or a left? Leon immediately stopped in his tracks and thought hard about which way he should go. He started to veer to the right for a couple of mintues and instantly (as if God had heard his prayers) he found the brunette in the navy blue dress. \"I knew you'd be hiding here.\" Lysandra jumped at the voice behind her. \"Shit, Leon you almost gave me a heart attack.\" \"Hell Lysandra if anyone would have a heart attack it would be me. Honestly don't you know how long I've been looking for you?\" \"Sorry, I just needed to get away from the crowds. I didn't think my disappearance would affect you so deeply Leon,\" she said as she placed her bare legs back into the fountain's little pond. \"Have you forgotten that I am your guard Lysandra? If anything happens to you I'm the one that will be punished not you. My job is to protect you and dammit that's what I'm going to do until...\" \"Until the Chief calls you in for Timekeeper training,\" Lysandra interrupted his sentence. \"Trust me Leon, I know why you're doing this but, come on, hasn't this become a predictable routine for you? I mean, don't you ever feel like doing something else? What would your dad say Raymond?\" Raymond stiffened at the mention of his father. His father was still in Dayton after all this time, alone without anyone else in the world except for his son Raymond. But Raymond was far from the ghetto now and Raymond's mother Aurora was in a simple urn next to Richard Leon's nightstand where their family photo still stood. However, Leon never forgot about his father. The main reason why Leon never had so little time on his clock was because he mostly sent time to his father so the old man could live to see the day when Raymond would become a truly happy man. During their long phone calls (that obviously Raymond always argued to pay for) Richard Leon was always badgering him to look around for that one special lady, to keep more time for himself and to be happy. \"Be happy my son. You deserve it,\" he'd always say. Lysandra took notice of Raymond's sturn posture and felt guilty about bringing Leon's father into the subject. \"Leon... I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said anything.\" Leon shook his head. \"No, it's fine. My dad would probably say the same thing. He's just as insistent as you are, urging me to change my life choices and to do the things I want to do. Or better said, the things I should want to do.\" \"Like?\" Lysandra motioned with her hand for him to explain. He sat down next to her and got mentally prepared for the deep conversation they would probably be having.\"Like getting married, having kids, raising a family. You know, all those things people should wish to have in life.\" Lysandra giggled softly while Leon gave her an unamused look. \"Oh come on Raymond, don't make it seem like you don't dream about getting the perfect storybook life. We all want it. Hell, even I want it too.\" Leon raised his brow. \"Since when do you want the easy life? You live for adventure. Why would you want to take the easy route?\" \"I'm not asking for the easy route. I just want to get something right,\" Lysandra explained. \"I want to find a man who will love me for who I am, I want to have a loving and connected family, I want to have a life where I won't dwell on the past but instead look towards my future. Is that too hard to ask?\" Leon stayed silent, not knowing what to reply, and stared at Lysandra who just kept on swaying her legs in the cool water. \"Aren't you getting cold?\" Leon suddenly asked. Lysandra smiled innocently. \"A little.\" Without thinking Raymond lifted Lysandra out of the fountain and sat her down on a nearby bench. \"Hey, you could've at least warned me that you were going to do that!\" Lysandra complained loudly while pushing Leon away from her. \"Well now I wasn't going to just let you catch a cold Lysandra. Remember you are at a social event with a lot of nosey, annoying people not in the comfort of your own house,\" Raymond nagged at Lysandra, acting more like a nanny than a guard. \"Now here take my jacket and dry off. Your people are awaiting.\" Lysandra gave him a glare while he tried to contain his laughter. He knew that she didn't like it when he made snide comments stereotyping Lysandra as a rich, snobby girl from New Greenwich. Yet, despite her current rage at him, she reached over for the black jacket and began to dry off her legs. Leon watched her, intently with more than just a professional gaze. He shook his head, bewildered by the way he look at the girl he'd known for almost 10 years. Raymond Leon, what in the world were you thinking? She's your job. You are to protect her and that's all. He suddenly became ashamed of the way he was looking at the young brunette so he cast his eyes to focus on the starry night above them. Meanwhile, Lysandra glanced at him from behind her brown curls, confused by his cold behavior. Was he still angry at her? Had she done something wrong? \"Um... is there something wrong Raymond?\" she hesitantly asked. \"No, nothing at all. Just hurry up so we can return to the party. People will begin to talk if we're both gone for any longer.\" \"Sure. Can't have them all imagining things right?\" she replied. I know that one of the girls is bound to bug me for details on where I was hiding. Not to mention why I was alone, well until Raymond arrived, and, knowing these gossipy girls, they probably are going to think we were up to something. Lysandra blushed uncontrollably at the things she predicted her friends would ask her later when she was out on her little 'adventure'. \"Shall we?\" Raymond said to Lysandra while he motioned for her to lead the way. \"Let's go. But first,\" Lysandra said as she grabbed Leon's wrist. \"Did you honestly think I would forget to compensate the time you wasted looking for me?\" Leon chuckled. \"Guess I got caught up in the moment.\" With a pause he looked towards her a little shyly, hesitating with his next sentence. \"Thanks.\" Lysandra smiled warmly at her guard. \"Anytime.\" Together they exited the twisting paths of the Labyrinth and tried to endure the countless hours that would go by wasted in this dull party. However, if anyone had been paying closer attention to Miss Steinwald and her loyal guard, they would have seen the stolen glances that both Raymond and Lysandra took at each other the rest of the evening without knowing what this could soon become later on.[Chapter 4] Finally! Chapter 4 is here! I honestly could not decide specifically what I wanted to go on in this chapter but I like bringing in another character (if you guys don't like it, please tell me in reviews or messages whatever you like). Chapter 5 is in the works I promise, I'll try to upload when I'm not drowning in school work so I don't know how long it'll take to finish it but I promise I am going to continue writing it for you guys! Chapter 4: \"Jesus Lysandra! Were you running away from some hidden jaguars in the basement that I didn't know about?\" Raymond grudgingly asked to the out-of-breath brunette at the door of his room. Lysandra shook her head. \"My dad's going to be home any minute now. He's finally back from the European zones!\" she exclaimed. As Leon rose from his chair, Lysandra ran over and unexpectedly hugged him tightly. Startled by her sudden action, Raymond stood there frozen with his arms floating in the air, not knowing what to do in this situation. He wasn't much of a show-your-emotions type of guy but he knew true joy when he saw it, especially right now in Lysandra's hug. He proceeded to wrap his arms around Lysandra's petite figure and she smiled at the thought that he may finally have warmed up to her. Even if it was for a little while. Why can't you always be like this Raymond? After what seemed hours Leon coughed softly and withdrew his arms from Lysandra. \"You should go. Your father will be here soon and, knowing you, you'll want to look good for him right?\" Though Lysandra was a little hurt from Leon's personal bubble being reactivated, she agreed that she'd better go get ready for her beloved father's arrival to their home. Before she left, Lysandra stood at the doorway observing Leon. \"Raymond?\" He looked back at Lysandra as he grabbed a fresh jacket from his small closet. \"Yes?\" Lysandra opened her mouth to say something but quickly closed it and shook her head. \"You know what nevermind.\" Leon quickly grabbed her wrist, before she could run to the comfort of her room, and forced her to look at him in the eyes. \"Tell me Lysandra.\" She retreated her eyes to look at the floor and said the thought that she had on Raymond's future now that her father would arrive. \"Well, now that father will be here and he can... umm let's say change things. You don't think that he might... oh I don't know... tell the chief the great progress you've made as my guard all these years.\" Her cheeks flushed red as her embarrassment increased by each second that ticked away. Leon chuckled at the foolish girl, yet he knew that it was a thought that circled both of their minds since the day they met. They never knew when Raymond would leave for the Timekeepers, they never knew if they would still keep contact with each other, and they certainly didn't know what kind of relationship category they would fall under. Close acquaintances, old friends, ex-employer and ex-employee? Everything about this situation was too complicated and they dared not think about but it gnawed at them in the back of their minds every day. \"What has to happen will happen,\" Raymond said. Lysandra crinkled her nose in annoyance. \"Why does it seem like you always talk like a wise old person?\" Leon rolled his eyes. \"I'm only thirty-nine years old Lysandra. Sure I'm a middle aged man but remember that we will be twenty-five forever. Now go on, get ready.\" \"Alright I'm going,\" Lysandra smiled playfully. Leon sighed as she left the room, wondering how Reid Steinwald's return to New Greenwich would affect his future. It's finally going to happen isn't it? I'm might become a Timekeeper. It's all I ever wanted so why am I not happy? A black limousine pulled into the smooth gravel driveway of the Steinwald residence and from it a man came out. He radiated power and confidence, everyone treated him with respect but he was a humble man despite his rich origins. He immediately gave time to the driver that had attended him and told him to use it on something nice. It was almost too obvious who the man was. \"Mr. Steinwald it's a pleasure to have you back,\" the butler said to the brown-haired man. Reid Steinwald smiled widely. \"It's good to be back. Tell me Jarvis, how were things while I was gone?\" \"Perfect sir. Absolutely perfect.\" \"Excellent. Raymond, how has my daughter treated you?\" Steinwald called to the stiff man at the top of the staircase. \"Getting more of a handful everyday sir.\" Steinwald laughed. \"Spoken like a true middle aged man.\" The two shook hands and continued to walk inside the house. \"Six months went by slowly like decades yet the house looks the same,\" Steinwald observed the clean marble floors and beautiful roses in crystal vases. \"Lysandra insists in cleaning the house everyday and keeping it the way Mrs. Steinwald originally had it decorated,\" the butler explained. All three men lowered their heads in honor of the deceased Lucy Steinwald. \"You know, there isn't a day that goes by that I don't think of my lovely Lucy,\" said. \"But alas only the Lord can decide how long we can live for right?\" Both the butler and Raymond agreed with their employer despite having any beliefs in religion. The only god they knew about were the people who came from time. They were immortal gods who lived in the riches of the upper time zones that overlooked the poverty and despair of the ghetto without lifting a finger to help. Yet neither of the two men could despise for being part of the rich who lived forever, he was kind and charitable unlike so many of the others. Steinwald had even admitted to the press that one day he planned to leave this planet like God had intended for all his creations to do but, knowing New Greenwich's stubbornness, who knew if the rich would let such a powerful man die? \"Dad!\" held his arms wide open as Lysandra ran down the stairs and threw herself into her father's protective arms. \"Daddy, I missed you,\" Lysandra said, getting a little teary eyed. \"I know sweetheart,\" Steinwald replied as he caressed his daughter's silk hair. \"Don't you dare ever leave me alone for such a long time.\" Lysandra could feel her father giving her an eye roll and she laughed. \"Sweetheart, you have the help that's here 24/7 and Raymond, who's always by your side. How can you say that you're alone?\" Steinwald pulled away from his daughter and looked at her seriously in the eye. \"Also my dear, just remember that wherever I go I'll always be with you. Maybe not by your side but in your heart.\" \"Why does everyone sound like a wise old person but me?\" Lysandra joked as everyone laughed along with her. \"You'll get to learn lots of things as the years go by my dear,\" Steinwald replied. \"But the thing you must take advantage of is the ability to sleep peacefully at night. It's sad that so many people cannot sleep soundly without worrying about the time on their clocks. It is a simple thing the rich take for granted but I see it as a blessing. Which is why I believe it is time for me to rest for the evening.\" Steinwald faced his employees and bid them a good nights sleep. He then turned to his daughter and kissed her forehead like the days from when she was a small child. \"One more thing,\" Steinwald announced as he was at the top of the staircase, overlooking everyone. \"Take the day off tomorrow. You will be paid, make no worries about that, just go out and live life.\" \"Yes sir ,\" the entire staff chanted in unison. \"That goes for you too Lysandra. I don't want you cooped up in this house just because I'm here resting up from my trip. Tomorrow, you should go out and have fun. Understood?\" Steinwald said to Lysandra. \"Yes sir,\" she jokingly replied. \"Now that that has been established, I hope you all have a good-night's rest. And please enjoy your day off.\" By the way, thanks to julesjumper, HowlynMad and Bambi the Blade for reviewing this fanfic. Sakana-yasha, Destiny Xavier16, TheOneWithTooManyInterests and (this person must really like this fanfic :D ) Bambi the Blade thanks for favoriting this weird little fanfic and let's not forget the followers Delfang, LovefromAlli01, Europixie, trudes193, Destiny Xavier16 and the TheOneWithTooManyInterests. Thanks so much you guys for the motivation! Love ya :) ","Summary":" Hey everyone, this is the first fanfic I've ever written so I'm open to criticism and I hope you gu"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"His Name Was King","Author":"rei-loki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9328611","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So I had this idea of doing a fanfic about Dr. King Schultz teaching a certain female OC the art of killing people aka being a bounty hunter because she wants to avenge her family who was killed by someone and they kind of framed her…? It's supposed to be a AU fanfic which means in this universe King didn't met Django yet… Anyway, let me know if I should continue or not. And I'm sorry if there's any grammatical mistakes, English isn't my first language… Being an outlaw wasn't a dream come true, especially when there was a price on your head. Naveen got herself in a huge trouble which lead her to this fatal encounter. His name was King and there wasn't a soul who would dare to say his name, at least not the ones who had debts with the justice… Except for her. \"King…\" They say it was because she wasn't actually an outlaw. She was just a woman who had fought for her live; who had fought to survive. \"I see you know my name…\" His voice was so controlled and his accent so distinct that she thought if it was even possible for such a fearless bounty hunter be its' owner. \"One tends to know the name of the man who wants to kill you…\" She was waiting for him in her old house. After running for 5 years, she decided it was time to stop. If she was supposed to be dead, so be it. At last all the pain she felt for losing everything and everyone, would subside. Now he was walking towards her, towards the main room. It was empty and she sat in one of the only things that were left behind: the piano. She looked at him, holding an empty glass of scotch. He seemed surprised to finding her so calm. Just there waiting for him; for her death. That had never happened to him before. \"Normally fräulein, people tend to be quite more surprised when they see me. Usually because they know their sins, but you-\" He was now seated on one of the old chairs, looking her from head to toe. Just admiring her figure, which seemed so strange but at the same time so familiar to him… She looked him dead in the eye. \"Were you expecting for me to beg you for my life?\" \"Is it not your intention?\" She chuckled with a cold glance leaving her eyes. In that moment King knew that this woman's story was way deeper and more complex than the one he had heard. He almost felt a hint of pity wash over him after her remark, but he held it to himself. It seemed that this woman deserved is respect. After noticing he wouldn't make a move to kill her, she returned her look to her empty glass and questioned him again while admiring it. \"Are you not supposed to kill me?\" He knew the price on her head, but he couldn't stop thinking how she got there. The way she talked only revealed that she used to be a respectable maiden and that somehow, live had brought her to this fate. Surely she had an interesting story to share, and to his eyes, she seemed determined to let him finish his job… So why not? Why not let her tell him her story? She didn't seem like a threat… \"That is what I am here for… Thought it seems you are too willing to die for an outlaw that has been running for… Five years, am I right?\" Once again she was looking straight into his eyes. \"Indeed, it has been five years. Five years of hell which I wish to be over. I've got nothing else to lose anymore…\" He felt her grieve and he could see that her beautiful green eyes had seen death a million times before. \"Well, and so it seems… But there must be a story behind all this\" He gestured to the empty room \"…tell me, my dear, what is your story?\"[Chapter 2] He wanted to know what was it that had led her there. She surely thought that he must want to entertain himself with it. There was no other explanation, for she was more valuable dead than alive. \"Is this some sort of entertainment for you Dr. Schultz?\" The fact that she addressed him so coldly showed him that she was not to be played with. Although it was not his intention to entertain himself, he could not find a proper explanation for his own curiosity. \"I can assure you I do not intend to mock you or disrespect you… That is not how I behave… I could say I'm just rather curious about you… Mrs. Martin\" \"It was never Mrs. Martin, Dr. Schultz. It never changed from Sanspeur\" She interrupted him. At that remark Dr. King couldn't help but smile and nod as if now everything was clear to him. \"Fearless…\" \"Yes, it is French for fearless. That is my family and maiden name… Since I never did marry as I was supposed to, it never changed.\" King looked at her with the most fascinated gaze. He wondered if she had ever been to France herself. But Naveen seemed to be an English name… \"It suits you well mein fräulein. But I was questioning myself… Is Naveen not an English name?\" \"Indeed it is. My mother was English and my father was French. We moved here when I was around 10.\" King could see that she was in her 20's and it made him wonder if she still remembered it, if she craved to run away from there and go back to France. But if she did, why wait so long… Unless she did not wanted that at all. \"Do you not wish to go back, if you could of course?\" She looked up at him, meeting his gaze. She stared at him as if he had just spoken to her in a language she did not comprehend. \"There is nothing there for me… There never was.\" She turned on her heel and placed her glass at the window. She looked outside and admired the savage place that was once her home. The truth was that there was nothing left for her anywhere. If there was, she wouldn't be willing to die in the hands of a bounty hunter. \"What have you heard about me Dr. King?\" He glanced at his hands in search for words. He knew now that the details that do not make to people's ears, were the ones that made her story less cruel. Those details that no one cares about, where the reason to her hunting. \"I have heard that you've killed your family.\" He paused to look at her. \"It was not my place to judge what had happened. My only concern was the amount of money that there was for your head, even if found dead.\" Standing up he kept on talking while heading near the place she stood. \"But now that I've met you, I find myself doubting that you indeed have done such thing… If there is something I'm sure, is that you would not give yourself to me so easily if there wasn't more to it than what I know.\" She turned around to him, studying his every move and at the same time trying to perceive if he could be trusted. Deciding he could be, she started to tell him what had happened. \"You must want to know what happen for me to even think about killing my family, no? That's what I thought would save me. If they just looked at what they had in hands and found it odd. But they never did, simply because there were interests behind it all…\" She paused to look at Dr. King. He was now supporting his weight on the wall with his shoulder, with his arms crossed. He listened to her intently, giving her his full attention. Sighing and resting her back on the border of the window while looking ahead, she kept on with the story. \"I had learned that my father's company associate was the one behind all this. The night I was brought back to my house after visiting a friend I saw them there… lying on the ground. The next thing I know I was waking up and covered in blood with a gun in my hands. They found me like that and arrested me without any question to what had happened and how. Later on, I found out that this associate had told the police that I had the most ardent argument with my parents about the engagement which I was supposed to comply. The Sheriff did not needed anymore… He believed him and gave me no such chance of defending myself… Even the people I had known for years were against me.\" Trying to contain her tears, Naveen looked the opposite way of Dr. King, trying to avoid him seeing her crying. King couldn't help but acknowledge the facts in front of him. He could tell by a person's moves and speech if they had something to hide or if they were remotely lying. With Naveen he was certain that everything she said was true. That would explain a big deal to why she just gave up on running, as well as she had been. Sighing Naveen kept on… It was hard for her to say out loud what she kept in her mind all this time. \"Of course, with no one to my avail I had to run away from here. I could be everything but I was not a murder and I would not die one. I had to be smart and wait for the opportunity, and then I simply ran away as fast as I could. If you would ask me how I've managed to run for five years without being caught until now, I would not be able to explain so. I just survived. I survived, so I could clear my name and have what was once mine and stolen. I'm certain that it was my father's associate who sent people to kill them and make it look like it was me. It would leave an inheritance with no heir.\" At those words, an idea found its way to Dr. King's head. \"You wish to avenge your family?\" Naveen looked at him and nodded. Of course she wanted that. But she couldn't do it by herself because she didn't knew how. That was why she was giving up, because she lost hope. Dr. King was now pacing in the empty room. It seemed as if a thought had taken over his mind and he did not knew how to act about it. He couldn't kill her that was for sure, but yet he couldn't risk losing the amount of money which he would receive if he would do it. \"You know how to shoot?\" \"Y-yes. Why?\" Hesitating a few moments he finally said. \"I would be willing to let you live and help you avenge them… but I would only do it if you could give me the amount of money they are offering for your head.\" At his last words, the few hope she had, was lost. She didn't own such money neither did she knew how to get it without risking getting caught by someone else. \"I'm afraid it won't do. I don't have in my possession such money, neither do I know how to get it without getting caught or even killed.\" Dr. King knew that, and the idea which had occurred him earlier, was now forcing its way out of his head. Smirking and approaching her, never losing her eyes, he suggested quite cockily. \"That much I had figured out, that is why I asked if you knew how to shoot.\" Now only a few inches separated them, and King kept on as if telling a secret . \"What if you would help me with the bounties? I would train you and in exchange you would hunt bounties until completing the amount there is for your head. After you do so, I would be more than glad to oblige you and your cause.\" Naveen was surprised with this change of events. Minutes ago she was sure she would meet her death, and now this man was offering her a way out of it. Even though she was happy about this, she couldn't help but find it rather odd. \"Why would you do this for me? What would you gain?\" \"I would gain sleep.\" He simply said. \"I don't believe that I would be able to sleep if I would kill you even after knowing what happened to you. Besides, it's always good to help a lady in distress.\" King was now gathering his shotgun, which he had placed on the chair. Looking at her before walking out of the room, he finally asked. \"So… Are you going to let me help you in your quest in exchange of becoming a bounty hunter? It's a hard job to conduct, but if you are good enough, it pays quite well.\" Still dumb faced about what he just said, Naveen took a step forward and grabbing her own shotgun which had been lying behind Dr. King, she answered. \"Do I have any other choice?\" King laughed and while walking out of the house he replied. \"Besides dying… I don't think so.\" ","Summary":" A/N: So I had this idea of doing a fanfic about Dr. King Schultz teaching a certain female OC the a"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"The King And His Queen: Django Unchained","Author":"WhiteNoisePhantom","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9555169","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"The King And His Queen\" Dr. King Schultz Django Unchained Author Note: This story was originally a one-shot I did upon request on Tumblr, the prompt was Schultz and an OC with Django jealous of them. Now at the time this was simply going to be just a one-shot, but as things progressed I wanted to write this into an ongoing story. So this \"first chapter\" does partially go through allot of plot in few paragraphs rather than actually showing it, this is because of the story's transition from a one-shot to a full fic, later on this will wane down and not be a factor in the story. I hope you enjoy this, (as much as some of you have been for my Hans Landa fics) Part One: Jealousy Is Nasty Business It was a few weeks after Django and Schultz had taken care of the Brittle Brothers. In that time they had a new companion in their travels, one who had wanted to jump in on the bounty hunting business. Her name was Amanda J. Pierce, orphaned daughter of a Louisiana lawman, who wanted nothing more than to continue her father's work, but in her own personal way as a bounty hunter. Amanda always rode her horse beside Schultz, she seemed so much happier when she did. Django took no notice of it at first but he slowly began to suspect something between Amanda and Schultz. The first time he noticed it was one night a dinner. Amanda sat near him, her cheeks lightly red with blush as they spoke. Even Schultz seemed to be blushing lightly as they talked more. Though Django didn't think much on it first, but he sure did now. The day finally broke, it was time for the three of them to continue on. Django pulled on his coat, preparing his horse as Schultz and Amanda packed up the camping equipment. He listened as the two began to talk again, hearing Amanda laugh briefly. \"Are we ready to get going?\" Asked Django, not bothering to look away from his horse Tony. \"Oh yes of course,\" said Schultz sounding a bit distracted. Schultz seemed reluctant to move away from Amanda but he did, getting on his own horse, Fritz. Django and Amanda did the same, beginning to follow behind Schultz. Once again Amanda sped up, riding at Schultz's side, taking little time in doing so. Her short amber curls bounced on her back as she caught up, a wide unmistakable smile on her lips. Schultz flashed his soft grey eyes at her, smiling back. Schultz smiled sweetly as Amanda rode beside him, as Django followed behind the two though he was not entirely happy with the situation. He could clearly see what effect Amanda was having on his friend, seeing as every time Schultz spoke or even looked at her he seemed to blush or stumble over his words. It reminded him of his first moments meeting Broomhilde, it made him deeply jealous that he could not feel what Schultz was feeling now. \"So where is our next stop?\" Asked Amanda. \"Oh not far off from where we are, we'll be moving back into Mississippi by tonight, there we'll find the horse thief we've been tracking.\" He replied, looking down at a map, adjusting his glasses on his nose slightly. \"Is it just one guy?\" Asked Django from the back. \"No, three men, a gang of sorts.\" Said Schultz, putting away his map and glasses. \"Its been rumored they have settled in the outskirts in town, somewhere near Jackson.\" Neither Django nor Amanda spoke more on the subject, they both were well aware the longer they lingered in conversation the longer it would take to get to their destination. Django simply continued to silently watch Schultz and Amanda from behind, watching as every once in a while each would steal a glance of the other. He could feel the same jealousy that had been plaguing him almost since Amanda joined them boil up again, he just couldn't seem to shake it. Amanda, Schultz ad Django began to slow their pace as nightfall approached, beginning to search for a suitable place to camp for the night. Throughout all the time they were riding Django did not let his sight leave Schultz and Amanda, it seemed as time passed they began to lose sense of what was going on around them. Schultz had grown distracted twice during the duration of their trip as he continued to talk to Amanda. \"We'll stop here, its getting quite dark now.\" Said Schultz, pulling Django from his thoughts. Schultz got up off his horse, tying him to the near by tree. Amanda followed suit, tying her own horse near his. Django mumbled lowly under his breath, jumping off as well, beginning to tie off his own horse, watching as Amanda and Schultz began to flirt again. It was a little surprising to Django that Amanda had as much of an interest in Schultz as she did. For it was quite obvious how big of an age difference there was between them. She looked to be such a young woman to have in interest in an older man such as Schultz. It was quite peculiar to him to say the least. Django sighed, wishing he could get them out of his mind. He sat down in the dirt, pulling at his boot heels, finding it even harder to divide his attention from Schultz and Amanda. He watched as she lightly touched his face in a pseudo casual gesture, while playing it off as such. Django shook his head, moving his attention back to his boots. After an hour or so of eating, and deliberating on the next bounty the three travelers decided to get some sleep. Django laid his head down on his jacket, listening as the last embers of the fire popped and crackled to ash, the light ambiance of the lush woods behind him. As he closed his eyes all he saw was Broomhilde, her bright smile, her warm eyes; he could almost hear her voice in his sleepy daze. A small smile stretched across his lips at the image of his wife, but it was short lived. The lovely image of Broomhilde left him, replaced with the image of Amanda and Schultz together in a warm embrace. His welling jealousy boiled inside of him, he could hardly stand it. Django sat up abruptly, finding himself unable to carry on sleeping, his thoughts clouded his mind far too much for him to handle. He glanced over to Schultz's rucksack finding it empty, and upon further observation so was Amanda's. Django got up on his feet confused as to where they were, they were practically in the middle of nowhere so where were they? He walked towards the thick oak tree, peering behind it. His eyes widened sharply at what he saw as he reared around. Schultz had Amanda pinned to the base of the tree, his hands on her waist, his lips locked in a heated kiss. Her fingers tangled in his caramel hair deepening their embrace, the two completely oblivious to Django as of yet. Schultz stopped abruptly, as he noticed Django in the corner of his eye. His hands snapped back from Amanda's waist to his chest, looking very much embarrassed. Amanda looked at Django with the same wide-eyed expression as Schultz, she looked even more guilty and embarrassed than him. \"Django, I- well, thought you were asleep.\" Said Schultz sheepishly, his hands folding into one and other in a nervous, awkward motion. \"I was,\" said Django with harsh plainness. \"I meant to be discreet about this,\" said Schultz taking a few steps toward Django. \"Really, you didn't seem to be so discreet earlier.\" Schultz froze up slightly, his nervous motions in his hands growing tighter and more frantic that he had to move his hands behind his back. \"I know that you miss Broomhilde, truly I do, which is why I have been sensitive about this.\" \"How long have you two been doing this behind my back?\" Asked Django, \"Just answer me that.\" Schultz stumbled a bit, reluctant to give Django his answer, knowing fully well it wouldn't help any of the tension between them in any way. \"A-About a week now,\" chimed in Amanda moving from the tree to Schultz's side. Django let out a breathy laugh of surprise, utterly stunned he hadn't caught them until now. Schultz moved more towards Django putting his hand on his shoulder. \"I never wanted to upset you, you have to at least believe that.\" Django knew deep inside Schultz wasn't lying, but the bitter jealousy he felt wouldn't let him realize it just yet. \"Just get back to what you were doing before, don't mind me.\" Said Django sardonically, walking off, nudging Schultz's hand away in the process.[Chapter 2] Part Two: Separate In Silence Django grudgingly laid his head back down on his jacket, pulling his blanket to his face. He let out a rough sigh, angry with Schultz and angry with Amanda. They seemed so happy with each other why couldn't he have that? He let out another huffed breath closing his eyes, hoping to get some damn sleep. Schultz watched Django walk off, in a way he felt terrible, but in another it felt so good to kiss Amanda for the first time. He was by no definition an open man, he was very particular with the women he was with, it had been some time since he had finally opened up as he did. Amanda could see his conflict as if he told her himself, it was easily readable on his face. \"King, you know he doesn't mean to be this way.\" She lulled, her hand gripping at his arm. He looked over at Amanda, looking into her warm eyes, he faintly smiled, for her he smiled. \"He misses her, and here I am, here we are dancing like this behind him.\" murmured Schultz, \"He has every right to be mad.\" Amanda sighed, resting her head on his shoulder, her grip tightening a little on his arm. He looked over at her, his grey eyes mixing once more with her own. Schultz placed a soft chaste kiss on her lips, his hand lightly wrapping around her waist. \"Come on I believe it is time for us to get some sleep.\" Said Amanda returning his kiss. It was the following morning, Django woke up tossing his blanket aside. He looked around to see Schultz and Amanda standing far apart from each other, this did not seem right. Why weren't they close together talking like before, it couldn't be because of last night, did they fight? Django got up, slipping his coat back on his shoulders, walking up to Schultz. He coughed, breaking the silence between them, catching Schultz's attention. \"Ok what happened between you two?\" Asked Django, briefly glancing towards Amanda who was tending to her horse. \"Nothing,\" replied Schultz still continuing with what he was doing. \"Now I know that's bull, what happened between you and Amanda?\" \"Nothing happened, I can assure you that Django.\" Schultz's tone did not waver, he sounded slightly forced but non the less he still sounded calm. \"Why aren't you over there with Amanda?\" Django couldn't help but ask, even though after the question left his lips he realized how cruel it was. Schultz tightened up, his face no longer showing any measure of calmness. The German moved away from Django without answering his question, moving towards Fritz to rearrange his saddle. Schultz might have felt bad for what he did and was trying to fix it, but that did not mean he would enjoy it. He wanted to be with Amanda, he wanted to talk to her like he always did before they packed up and left, but he had to hold back, for Django. \"Is it because of me?\" Schultz did not say a word, he simply flashed Django a look that answered his question easily. Django felt a bit of regret bite at him, he glanced back at Amanda who looked absolutely miserable, her warm smile no longer adorned her face. \"You're right, I miss her, Its just every moment I see you with Amanda it reminds me of her.\" \"Well Amanda and I have agreed it is for the best that we stay apart till we find Broomhilde,\" said Schultz looking over at Django, \"How ever long that takes.\" Django heard how much it hurt Schultz to say what he did, his grey eyes were practically swimming now, and he would no longer look Django in the eye. \"You don't have to do that,\" said Django trying to move back into Schultz's line of vision. \"Yes, I do.\" Schultz got up onto his horse, \"Now let us put this behind ourselves and move on to Mississippi, we have little time to linger.\" Django moved away from Schultz, grabbing the last few lingering items and securing them to his horse before getting on. Amanda did the same, but unlike before she did not ride up to Schultz's side. For once there was utter silence between the three of them, it was eerie, unsettling even. Django did not like this sudden change, it was obvious it made miserable company now. He rode back, riding along side Amanda, who's eyes had been lingering on Schultz from afar. \"What happened between you?\" Asked Django in a hushed tone, \"Because he won't tell me anything.\" \"Nothing, as he has probably told you.\" She replied, \"We decided that because of how it affected you, we would stay apart for a while.\" Django didn't like how this was going, he felt his guilt hold on him harder the longer he looked at Schultz and Amanda. He sighed, riding back near Schultz. The German did not look back at him, his eyes remained focused forward, his expression held tightly. \"You said a week ago we would make our way into Greenvile, there we would be able-\" \"To find Broomhilde, yes.\" Said Schultz briefly looking over to Django, giving him a forced semi-smile. \"We should make our way there about a week or so after this bounty.\" He added, looking back forward. \"I know I haven't said this yet but thank you.\" Schultz looked over at Django again, a more genuine smile meeting his lips. \"Your welcome.\" ","Summary":" \"The King And His Queen\" Dr. King Schultz Django Unchained Author Note: This story was originally"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"A Certain Charm","Author":"ellieret","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8963763","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Mother, I've taken lessons already\" \"Yes, Dear, but Ms. Lara just lost her husband\" \"I'm aware, and I'm sympathetic to that but, quite frankly, Mother, I will look absolutely ridiculous. A woman my age, beginning charm lessons ?\" Mrs. Hamilton waved her hand in dismiss, and pulled a small velvet bag from beside her. \"It'll only be Ms. Lara and you. No one will know\" she began, taking the small salt grains and rubbing them on her hands. Caroline made a tiny squeal as the carriage bumped into, what had to be, a very big rock, but waited for her mother to continue. \"And anyway, Caroline,\" she continued. \"Society would know you're doing this as a favor. I don't doubt Lara knows, as well\" Caroline sighed, but nodded once. She turned towards the window, and pulled the burgundy curtain to the side. ••• \"Ah, Mrs. Hamilton!\" Caroline gave her mother one last incredulous look before plastering a smile on her face. She waited as her mother was helped out, and then took the dark man's hand. \"Thank you\" she said with a nod in his direction. The man bowed his head and released her hand, closing the carriage's door as she walked towards the two elder women. \"Caroline, this is Ms. Lara\" her mother smiled, offering her hand for her daughter to take. She warmly smiled at her new ' instructor ', and felt her mother squeeze her fingers as though in warning. \"How do you do?\" she asked politely. She waited for the woman to offer her her hand, but Ms. Lara grabbed her shoulders and stood her at the length of her arms. \"Good posture\" she mused, tilting her head to the side. Caroline was able to see her green eyes for the first time. She resisted the urge to frown, and the lady added: \"But, gracious, what gorgeous hair\" \"Thank you\" Caroline smiled. Turning to see the house as Ms Lara released her, she added: \"What beautiful home you own\" Lara laughed, but squeezed Caroline's hand, a gesture that Caroline despised. \"Well, the plantation is owned by my brother, of course\" she began. \"But a home always needs a woman's touch, I've always said\" But Caroline wasn't listening: \"Brother?\" \"Yes, Calvin. Calvin Candie\" \"Yes, we've heard of him, of course\", Caroline's mother suddenly observed. \"Have we not, Caroline?\" \"Yes, naturally\" Caroline agreed, pulling back a loose strand of hair that wasn't there. \"It's just that, I'm afraid I'm perpetually shy\" This was only half the true, of course. For the past 8 months ( Caroline calculated ), she had become increasingly aware of the fact that her mother had been pushing her into parties and gatherings, no doubt, in hopes of finding her a husband. She immediately wondered if her parents hadn't planned the whole Ms. Lara fiasco in an attempt to marry her off to the Candie man. Calvin Candie was very rich but, then again, Caroline didn't know if he had a wife already. She was interrupted by the sound of Ms. Lara's loud laughter. \"Oh, nonsense\" she dismissed. \"Calvin isn't here. There is nothing you shall worry about.\" \"Yes, Ms. Lara\" \"Then again, some interaction might be of use. Shyness never attracted any men, Caroline\" She opened her mouth, but the voice that spoke was her mother's, who began: \"Well, I shall return home\" she smiled, taking Ms. Lara's hands and kissing her cheek with her own. \"Caroline, your father expects you home no later than an hour after sunset\" \"Of course, Mother\" \"Good girl\" she smiled, gently patting her right cheek. Caroline clutched her skirts to refrain from snatching her face away, and smiled. As she reached for the servant's hand, she turned to them as though in second thought: \"Shall I send the carriage for her?\" \"Oh, I'm sure we own enough carriages to return her home safetly\" Mrs. Hamilton smiled, and finally climbed into the black carriage.[Chapter 2] \"Now, let's try the tea\" Ms. Lara began with a smile. Caroline strained to find one of her own, and fought hard not to let her eyes narrow at the feeling the smile had caused. Ms. Lara took her hand and led her inside, past a very beautiful wooden door. Caroline hastened to see the servants inside had quite pretty uniforms. \"We have wonderful tea selections\" Ms. Lara was saying. \"I'll have one of the niggers bring a tray.\" Caroline nodded, and sat on the chair Lara was now pointing to. \"Cora! Tea!\" she bellowed, and even rang a tiny, beautiful, porcelain bell that had lain on the tea table. Caroline looked around, but the home really seemed quite similar to her own. She had no doubts they had brought the same decorator in, and that he had acquired the furniture in the very same expensive European store in Philadelphia ( a fact she knew from her mother's constant bragging ). She watched as the servant entered the parlor only moments later, a silver tray in her hands. Another servant followed behind her, with saucers for sugar and milk. Ms. Lara had them place the trays on the table and shooed them away. \"Let our lessons begin\" she smiled widely. Caroline forced herself not to frown again. \"Miss Hamilton, would you care for tea?\" she asked, taking the teapot in her hands, her tone changing to a more pompous one. Caroline shook her thoughts away, and smiled curtly. \"Oh, thank you Ms. Lara, I shall have no tea\" She decided to deliberately omit the part where 'proper ladies ' turned their cups upside down, to give the widow something to ramble about. \"Aha! Now see, if you don't want tea, you simply—\" Caroline followed along with her instructions but, for the life of her, could not make the back of her mind stop wondering how much time sunset would take to arrive. After a couple of minutes in which Ms. Lara talked, and talked some more, she decided to get distracted by trying to guess if the sound she was hearing was a carriage, or a cow plowing the patch of dirt she had seen outside. The door suddenly opened and Ms. Lara, Caroline noticed curiously, jumped back from the table slightly. \"Ms. Candie—\" \"You do not barge in here like that!\" she yapped, abandoning the spoon and walking towards the slave. Caroline regarded them both, forgetting about the movement outside. \" A'm sorry ma'am, but Stephen said to come tell you that Monsieur Candie's carriage is coming\" Lara's hands clasped quite funnily in front of her mouth, and her lips slightly opened. It reminded Caroline of the atrocious plays the her brother's school often made, where they had one of the boys play horribly exaggerated princesses. She tried to pass her snort as a cough, but Ms. Lara seemed to not have payed attention. \"Oh, how wonderful ! He was not expected back until tomorrow! Come, Caroline\" The elder woman grabbed and pulled on her hand harshly, and Caroline only had a spare second to hastily place the cup on the table, glancing back at the black woman one time before following Lara's quick steps. She nervously remembered the pages on her old etiquette book, and chanted to herself, making sure she would use the correct meeting expression: \"Proper etiquette calls for a pleasant 'How do you do?' upon meeting a new acquaintance.\" How do you do? How do you do? How do you do? \"There he is!\" Lara explained, finally releasing her hand, and fumbled with her dress instead, trying to straighten the wrinkles that her maid had ironed the night before. \"Don't be shy\" \"No, Ms. Lara\", Caroline managed. The ceiling-less carriage, (a wagon, really ) stopped straight ahead of them but Ms. Lara waited, until the same black man that had helped Caroline out of her own carriage caught two very big dogs, before moving towards it. \"Calvin!\" she exclaimed sweetly, opening her arms to greet him, though he was still inside the wagon, quite a few feet away from her. Caroline wasn't sure whether she should follow the lady or not, and she awkwardly looked at the black man, who was glaring at her already. She dropped her gaze to the ground, and rubbed a couple of tiny stones against the dirt with her shoe. Suddenly, though a very awkward hour seemed to have gone by, Ms. Lara and Mr. Candie were walking towards her, and she straightened her back, and discreetly wiped her hands on her skirt. \"This is she!\", Ms. Lara's yappy voice was telling the man. Once they were very near her, she added. \"Caroline, this is my brother, Monsieur Calvin Candie\" He met her by climbing the last step of the porch, and Caroline did a small curtsey, offering her hand as she nervously repeated: \"Monsieur Candie\" \"How lovely\" he began, pausing smoothly, glancing at her from over her hand, which he kissed. \"-to meet you, Miss Hamilton\" She looked at him and spurted: \"Nice to meet you, too\" Mr. Candie chuckled, and a split second later, Lara did too. \"We say ' How do you do? ', Caroline\" she said, and Caroline didn't like her knowitall tone at all. She fetched her hand back from Candie's and nodded, scolding herself for letting it slip. \"Caroline's here for me to teach her the lessons\" Lara explained, touching her brother's arm. \"Ain't that precious?\" Caroline clutched her skirt angrily, and she felt her jaw tighten at the sound of her tone. She was getting really tired of it, and very fast. But Mr. Candie's was lighter, and after he gave a small snort, he said: \"Yes, I'm sure the poor girl is delighted\" Caroline wasn't sure if he had winked at her, or if he had quite the awkward way to blink, because a split second later, he was facing his sister again, as though he had done nothing. \"Let's go inside, ladies\" Calvin suddenly smirked. He swiftly reached into the inside of his coat, and pulled out a long cigarrette holder that he placed to the right side of his mouth. He then offered his right arm to his sister, who beamed and hooked her fingers around the inside of his elbow. \"Miss Caroline?\" She blinked but caught him smiling at her, offering his elbow for her to take. She gave him a small one in return, and gingerly placed her hand on his crook. Clutching the cigarette between his teeth, he beamed. His eyes were one of the prettiest she had seen, but she hastily wondered why she'd noticed them so quickly, when his teeth gave quite the bad impression. And Calvin Candie led then inside, and suddenly Caroline forgot about her hurry for the sunset to come. . ","Summary":" \"Mother, I've taken lessons already\" \"Yes, Dear, but Ms. Lara just lost her husband\" \"I'm awar"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"You can do a lot in a day","Author":"Bell loves cookies","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8499682","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You can do a lot in a day AN: Hi guy! First story ever! This is the first chapter of my fic of the great movie In time! Hope you like it! Remember, reviews are loooooooooove :3 1: 15 seconds left I woke up with the feeling that I shouldn't be alive. That I had no time left to live. So I look into my harm and I remembered: I'm not twenty-five yet. You're clock isn't working, calm down. I took a deep breath and I got up to survive as long as I could without wasting my precious time. Besides having my clock frozen in a year, I would everything quickly, like I had only seconds to left. Honestly, I'd rather have my clock working. My family would like to use this year. I just couldn't stand the fact that they almost time out every single day, and I would just stand there and watch without using my year to help them. I checked out my appearance in the mirror. I looked just like my mother. I had her beautiful bone cheeks, her beautiful crystal blue eyes and her gorgeous hair. I would look like this for the rest of my life, because today, at midnight, I turn twenty five and my clock will start running out of time, and I will be able to help my family surviving. I put my hair up in a perfect pony tail and I put on a dark purple dress and some ballet type shoes. -Erin. – I heard. I turned around to face my mother. She was smiling with a little shine in her face, her hair was up like mine and she was wearing a red comfortable dress. -Mom. Happy birthday!- I said with a hug. There are many hugs in this world. Everyone has a different type. Some will take your breath away in a second, others barely touch you. But my mother's hugs are the best. They have a midterm. They were gentle and kind but strong and warm at the same time. -Twenty-five for the fiftieth time! That's quite impressive mom! – I said with a grin. She giggled, but deep down in my mind she knew that what I said was no lie. Here in the ghetto, people time out every day trying to survive with only one day per day. Many girls sell themselves for 5 minutes per hour, just to go home and feed their families. My mother will never let me sell myself, even if that means that we have to risk our lives every day, waking up with only half an hour in our watches. -Let's go. We don't have time to waste.- she said with a gentle smile. She grabbed my hand and led me to the kitchen where will was getting ready for another hard day of work, only to receive an hour. He hugged my mother congratulating my mother for her fiftieth birthday and gave me a quick peck in the cheek. -Tonight we'll celebrate. And you'll have a gift waiting for you mom. – he promised. -Is it a grandchild?- she asked with a big smile. Will chuckled and grabbed my harm showing her my watch. -But Erin's present will be better than everyone's. – he assured making me smile. Finally I would be helpful by giving my family a whole year and maybe a day without running around with only a few seconds left. -Bye mom. Bye little Erin.- he said before leaving the house. -Mom I have to go too. – I said afraid of leaving her alone. – Tonight I will bring a whole brand new year. She kissed my forehead softly. -Don't be afraid my dear. Just don't show anyone your year when it starts clocking out. – She advised. I showed her a small smile and left the house running the fast as I could to my job in a small poor bar where gamblers waste their time and time out all the time in their last game. First, it was hard for me to watch it. But know I just pretend that I didn't saw it. -I'm here! – I announced when I arrived my work place. My boss, a man that smelled like a jar of whiskey, with black messy hair and poor clothes exanimated me. -it was about time!- he said. –You can't get used to this girl, soon your clock will start running out of time! -Please sir! It's a two hours walk to home and my mum only has a hour and a half left in her watch!.- I begged two the driver. -I'm sorry, but the bus is full. Why don't you give a half hour from your year to your mother? – he asked numbly. -My clock hasn't started running yet. – I said. -You better run lady. – he said before closing the bus door. I looked at my mother in panic, but she had a little hope in her eyes. It was her day, she couldn't just… I tried to get rid of this thought as she grabbed my hand and started sprinting all the way down the street stopping to ask for help, but they would just continuing running or they would just be afraid of us. -Mom? – we heard. We looked at the tall man down the street. It was Will, my mom smiled and looked at her watch, 15 seconds left. Then she started sprinting down the road towards my brother. She raised her arm to grab Will's but it was too late. She let out a groan and then fall in Will's arms. I could tell she was gone because of her watch. It turned grey and there were thirteen zeros on it, but she was so peaceful that she could be asleep. I fell to my knees, surrounded my mom's face with my trembling hands and started sobbing. -Mom? – I managed to say.- don't go.. Don't leave me. Don't leave us. Will grabbed my hand giving me the strength to accept my mother's death. My mom, the greatest and most inspiring woman I've ever saw had just time out.[Chapter 2] AN. : hi guys! I'm just going to leave this here… this is chapter 2. Hope you like it :p …I'm going to shut up and let you read… bye, reviews are looove! BTW! THANK YOU TRUDES193 FOR BEING MY FIRST FOLLOWER! WILL ALWAYS BE IN A PRECIOUS PLACE IN MY HEART! 2: My time is running out. I felt something making my heart stop and my breathe go away while walking home. I had to grab my brother's harm to keep myself in my knees. It was the weirdest feeling, it was like I was running out of life. -Erin…- Will murmured. He grabbed my harm watching the first countdown in my watch. Only if it started a few minutes ago I could have saved mom. But I try not to think this way. -Will, give me your harm!- I said as a small smile lit up my face. -Erin.- he said while I was pulling my sleeves up preparing to give him half a year.- I have something to tell you. I studied his face waiting to hear the news, and then he showed me his watch. My mouth fell open when I saw the numbers. I never saw a watch like this, they were rare. -Hide that!- I ordered looking around. When I was sure that nobody saw my brother's watch I looked at him. -Where did you get that.- I asked with a concerned expression in my face.- You didn't kill, did you? -No, Erin, I didn't.- he started.- I saved a rich man from the minuteman. While we were hiding he said that he was tired of leaving. That he didn't wanted to be immortal if he didn't leave any day of his immortality. So he gave me is time while I was asleep, and told me not to waste it. Then, he passed a finger on my running watch and grabbed my other harm. I looked at my watch looking at all those numbers. I was amused and astonished. I've never saw something like that. Those numbers were too big for me. Right now. I had over a century in my watch, and I have to admit it, was scared like crap. -And now what, Will?- I asked. – Are we going to keep running around pretending that we only have a day to survive? That does none cense! We would be dead in a minute! Sooner or later they'll find out. -No, Erin. We run away. The both of us. Let's not waste this time, ok?- he explained. He took my hand and we started running. Not like we need it anymore, but we couldn't spend any other second of our watch in this place. -That was a whole year!- Will said with surprised when we entered the 4th time zone. -Welcome to New Greenwich.- the taxi driver said. I hold My brother's and and he squeezed it. We were beginning a whole new life. Later, after we checked in on a fancy suite hotel we decided that we should invest our \" money\", so while Will headed to the casino to show some tricks that are learnt in the ghetto, I went of to buy us new clothes so we could blend in. I have to admit, I wasn't the biggest fan of shopping. It required a lot of patience and, mostly, time. Precious time that, here in New Greenwich, nobody seemed to care about it. They would just walk really slowly, calmly, looking at the beautiful views of the city. I started looking for a dress for me. They were all so pretty, and the fabrics. Oh gosh, the fabrics… they were so soft. These people sure live in the middle of luxury. -Don't move sweetheart.- someone whispered in my hear. When I was about to move I felt the point of a gun in my back. -Oh my god…- I murmured. -Come.- he ordered. He lead me out of the store and then into a yellow car. My eyes went wide with fear. I knew that car. It belonged to the minuteman.[Chapter 3] AN : Hi guys! I'm so sorry for disappearing…. Eheh, don't kill me. I wasn't expecting so many positive reviews 3 You guys are awesome. I love you all! Hope you like it 3: I need you -So… Erin, is that your name?- the tall, toned and blonde man asked. I knew who this scary, handsome, blue eyed man's name was .His name is Fortis, and he was the leader of the mafia. I never saw him before, but I knew something: No one has ever crossed his path and survived to tell the story or even comment about how he had dark blue eyes that could scare away a lion. -Ye-yes.- I managed to say in a low voice. -I am Fortis. – he introduced himself, like he needed too. -I know. - I informed looking him in the eyes trying to seem fearless. He grabbed my arm in a brutal way and pushed my sleeve up. Seeing all those numbers made me panic and wish that I hadn't already turned 25 and that my watch wasn't running out or full off years. I knew I was going to die, but I didn't wanted to die with so many years left. -Oh… that's quite a collection.- Fortis observed passing is finger through the numbers making me shiver with fear. - But, where's the other half? I knew what he wanted. I knew that he was seeking my brother, who could be rich as hell or dead in the floor of a casino. -Where is he?- he asked in a lower tone. -I don't know.- I replied looking away from his gazing blue eyes. Suddenly he grabbed my harm roughly, making my watch start to run out. Zero to zero I watched the countdown without even trying to free myself from his hand, I just stayed quite in my place waiting to see my last second. It wasn't that bad, I was going to be with my mom and, perhaps, with Will. But then, when I was finally ready for my last breath, my watch stopped running out, and there was only one number in the middle of the zeros, I had one week left. -What?- I asked confused. –Why? He pushed his sleeve down as then turned on his car. -Because I need you.- he said in a playful way, -For what? – I asked in a low and tremble voice. -To get your brother.- he answered with a small and cynical grin in his face.- What else? I tried to open the car door, but, as expected, it was closed. -Oh no, sweetheart, you're coming with me. – he said grabbing my harm and pulling me close to him.- We can go know. He said to his driver who looked at me in a numb way from the review mirror and then started the car. -So tell me Erin, where do we need to look first?- he asked with a small cynical smile. -I don't know where he is now. And even if I did, I wouldn't tell you. – I said with determination. He let out a dark laugh and leaned over me whispering slowly in me hear. -You know, I could kill you right now, or… if you tell me where to look for him, I'll give you a small part of the time that I took from you and a week for your brother. I just want the time he may have now. – he informed. -You'll let us live?- I asked in a shaky and innocent voice that showed my true scared self. He smiled seeing through my resistance and draw a soft smile on his face. -Of course. I just want a little part of the time. Then you can go.- he told me. I felt dumb, but I agreed with him. I just couldn't waste a deal like that. -Ok… He went to the casino. I don't know if he's still there, or if he's… alive. – I trembled.- But he went there. AN: I know it's not that much, and not even that good… D: But the next one will be better, and it will be here by tomorrow =) I promise[Chapter 4] A.N.: Sorry for the waiting : I know I've said that this chapter was going to be posted earlier, but I didn't have the time. It was already written, but I didn't liked it that much and it was in actually paper ( wrote it on a fieldtrip :D )… Anyway, here it is, I think it turned out pretty cool. I'll be posting more chapters a lot more frequently ( eheh, this time I'm serious :D). Thank you for all the reviews, faves and follows, it really means so much for me because I thought that this fanfic kind of …. Sucked ( sorry for the term) because I can do so much better, and I have better fanfics, but they're mostly in Portuguese and I had to translate them so you could read and I have exams until 21th June ( wish me luck :3), so I don't have the time that I wanted and needed to do it. Although, I'm planning to do it when my vacation starts ( next week) and actually start my vlog channel ( Now I'm wondering around xD sorry). Leave your opinion about the translating :) thank you, hope you like it. I stared at my knees as the car moved. I was starting to get a little dizzy, but I didn't wanted to look at anyone around me. I'm not the scared type of person because I'm not allowed to be, but I'm not fearless either and with the last few days weren't helping at all. This week has been a constant rollercoaster of feelings. My mother timed out, I turned 25, my brother and I became billionaires, and now, here I am, making deals with the devil. The car pulled over making me look up slowly. No one was moving, they just stared at the big, giant and majestic casino in front of us. -What are you waiting for?- I asked gently, in a submitted shaky voice. -A little anxious, are we? - Fortis said, getting no answer from me but a scared stare. – We're waiting for your brother. -Why? You could just go in. – I suggested, feeling stupid for giving them ideas. -That place is piled up with security sweetie. – he explained.- And we don't want to get caught, do we? Once more, I didn't give him any answer, just stared at his crocked grin that made me shiver and look for a place to hide from him, but I couldn't show my fear. -What is the plan, then? – I asked in a firm tone of voice after clearing my throat. Fortis was about to answer me, but his attention turned into something else. Will had just left the building, making me smile in relief, he was alive, and maybe, even with more a couple of years on his clock. -Get down. – Fortis ordered. For some foolish reason, I didn't obey, actually I didn't even reacted. So when Will was about to look in my direction, Fortis grabbed my and pulled my head to the seat. -Follow him. – he ordered to the driver. When the car started moving e grabbed a part of my hair and pushed me up making me face him. -Are you defying me, sweetie? Are you? Are you that dumb?- his low, skeptical voice made me shiver. – Do you really think that that is a good idea? Listen to me! I could finish you right now. He grabbed my hand making my clock running down. -I could just do this and you would be so hopeless, so insignificant. – he whispered in my hear.– You're mine, do you understand? You belong to me. You do whatever, whenever and however I say. Do you understand? I nodded my head before he moved his hand from me. -Good.- Fortis said. I swallowed the bump that was forming in my throat and tried to breath in an easy way and sat really straight my seat and looked down to my knees, and when I looked at my arm, I had two more years. I looked at Fortis for a brief second in confusion. He was bluffing, he wasn't taking my life, he was adding more of it, a lot more. He was playing games. The cab didn't lead us to the hotel where we were. Where was he going? What was he going? Did he know about what is happening? The journey was long, and I couldn't help to check my watch every minute. -Relax Erin.- the blonde man said. – You have plenty of time. I looked at him, he was observing me. -Thank you. – I thanked a little uneasy. – For the time. Fortis let out a small kind of dark laugh and looked away from me. Finally the car pulled over next to a mansion. The house was so glamorous that made me stare for a few seconds. I was astonished. How could someone own so many luxuries while people are timing out every second in the ghetto? It made me sick. Forts opened the door and pushed me out of the car in a gentle way. -Where are we going?- I asked. -To a party. – he answered. -A party? Why is Will in a party? – I questioned in confusion. -Did you really think that he would share is years with you?- Fortis asked in a sarcastic tone. – He's just like your father. I wanted to protest, to tell him that Will was not like that. But where was he know? In a party having fun, not even bothering about his sister that, in his opinion, might be in a hotel waiting for him. And why that? Oh… He wants to spend the money that he gained gambling. Just like dad.[Chapter 5] A.n.: It's finnaly here guys! Hope you like it! And the reviews, oh my…. They took my breath away, thank you so much! Love y'all 3 Fortis looked at me and stopped grabbing my harm. -What's wrong? – I asked looking at him confused. -You can't get in like that. – Fortis explained observing my outfit making me want to hide from his gazing blue eyes. I was wearing one of my mother's dresses. It wasn't old and it wasn't ugly, but even I knew that a shirtwaist handmade brown dress wasn't the most appropriate for the occasion. -What did you have in those bags that you had with you when we caught you at the store?- he asked looking at the car. I answered that I had two dresses and a pair of shoes and he ordered me to go to the car and get dressed. I obeyed him and got back into the car. I chose a high waist navy flowy dress and matched it with the silver stilettos that I had bought earlier that day. Who would believe that? That everything happened in one day. Who would say that I had been kidnaped a few hours ago? I got out of the car while putting my hair up with a black hairclip that I carried with me and Fortis enlaced my harm with his'. -That's better. – he said walking slowly into the house. His mouth moved to my ear and he whispered in a low voice that make me shiver. -Don't try anything stupid.- he said. -Don't worry. I won't. – I assured him, not because I was afraid, but because I didn't want to. I don't know why, that I wasn't trying to run from him. I was actually looking forward to see what my brother was up to. We entered into the fancy manor. My mouth dropped. There was luxury everywhere: from every corner, every detail of the perfectly sculptured white walls, the big crystal candelabrum on the celling that illuminated every perfect little detail to the people that had perfect expensive smiles on their perfectly shaped faces. -Amazing, isn't it? – Fortis asked. I just nodded, still astonished by everything. -I remember when I first arrived to this timezone. I was just like you, amused by everything. They seem so bright, like a pure diamond, but it's all fake. If you look inside, all you see is darkness, selfishness and greed, and they end up pushing you into it.- he seemed to mumble to himself making me observe his cruel mask transfigure to a much more selfless expression. -Did you come from another timezone? – I asked him making him wake up from his flashbacks. He looked at me for a few seconds and then his eyes turned to the opposite side of the room. -There's your brother. – he informed. -Will? – I asked quietly looking at my brother's direction. -As I said, he's gambling. Just like your father. – once again, he was right. -Yes, he is. – I acknowledge. ","Summary":" You can do a lot in a day AN: Hi guy! First story ever! This is the first chapter of my fic of the "},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"My Struggle","Author":"SylviaWeis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7759110","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Childhood Hello, world! I am Sylvia Weis. I would like to perfect In Time. This fiction is about my childhood, modification of the plot of In Time and what happened to Will and I after being chased by that evil, cold-blooded timekeeper Raymond Leon! I hate him for what he did to my grandfather, Will's father, Will and me! I love my grandfather, grandmother, mother and Will! Thanks to him, we could not survive without his help. This was my life… At 5:00 pm, I was born in this luxurious hospital. My father, Philippe Weis, booked the whole hospital. My whole family: grandparents, parents were there. A doctor said \"It's a girl!\" Everyone was delighted with my birth. I had brown hair, blue eyes and pale skin. My hair turned red as I grew. My father looked at the forest outside the window. Therefore, he named me Sylvia. In this world, time is currency. When people reach 25, they are allowed to live one more year. Timeclock on your left forearm show your life. To reduce population, every woman is allowed to give birth once only. That was why many people have no siblings. No diseases... If you are amputated, the amputated limbs will become fine as usual. That sounds like heaven. There are 12 zones. Zone 4, New Greenwich is where I lived. The richest people are living there; they have much more time than people in other zones. You could see people die in every zone, especially zone 12, Dayton. At 5, I saw people time out in my zone. My father covered my eyes with his hand and said \"Sylvia, this is natural selection, the strong survive.\" I asked, \"Daddy, why are the differences in all zones?\" My father answered, \"Darling, you will understand some day. Protect yourself. You are part of the great Circle of Life!\" My mother introduced The Lion King to me. It achieved immortality. I loved to sing its songs. My singing amused my family. We loved going to cinema, Weis fast food shop. I loved French fries. I nagged my father for toys I wanted. I exclaimed and pointed my finger at the window, \"Daddy. I wanted this, this, this and that!\" My father signed, \"Sylvia, you are killing me…\" These toys cost a fortune. I went to exclusive school at 6. Everyone had to finish 6-year compulsory education. I must study English, Mathematics in this school. Teachers in this school were very fierce. One day, my class teacher, Zdubid chose people to perform The Lion King drama. I was chosen to play Shenzi. It saddened me, I wanted to play Simba. I could sing and act. My grandmother said I could be a singer or an actress! My father gave me everything. The teacher surely treated me like shit! I couldn't help my tears falling down on my cheek. Mrs Zdubid scolded me. My father was angry at that rubbish teacher. Then, I dropped out and my father hired a teacher to home. Therefore, I finished my compulsory education. My home was big and gorgeous enough. My bedroom had a television and computer. I loved watching animations. Sometimes, I made fandubs and uploaded to WeisTube. Almost all the people complimented my singing. I loved to surf the Weisbook. These websites were built by my ancestor whose surname is Weis! My father was a wealthy timelender. He invited our friends, business partners to our home for my birthday parties. At one of the birthday parties, my grandmother gave me a necklace, my mother gave me new boots and my father gave me a costume of Dark Magician Girl from Yu-Gi-Oh. He knew I loved cosplay. My hair was as long as my mother's and the hat suited me. I enthralled the guests by wearing it. I sang in the hall too. My life was not that ordinary. There were kidnappers who kidnapped me. One day, we walked back to our home. My bodyguards dragged me to the forest; I recognized they were not my real bodyguards. I bit his hand and managed to escape to the museum. As I was running, I heard the museum door shut. I must win; I could not afford to lose! The museum was dark. Some green lights flashed on the wall. The museum was like a maze. I was so afraid. My grandmother and mother heard I was kidnapped. My grandmother dressed up as Magician of Black Chaos while my mother dressed up as Total Defense Shogun. My father approached them. My mother said, \"We are going to save our daughter.\" I ran and ran to the deep of the museum. A knight statue was surrounded by a green light. I took its ax just in case the kidnapper hurt me again. Someone leaped at me: the kidnapper! I wielded the ax across his waist. That was the end. The other kidnapper saw it and escaped. My heart was thumping so hard. I staggered a moment and stepped toward the entrance of the museum. I saw my grandmother, mother and my father. I cried and hugged my mother. I resembled her but you could tell the difference by our height. I told them I killed the kidnapper. I took them to the location I killed him. Nothing there. No corpse. No ax. This shocked everyone. My father did not call the timekeepers since I killed a kidnapper. He told me to treat this accident as nightmare. When I was 18, I had the same hairstyle as my grandmother's. I had to have two guards around me. My childhood ended here. Although the life was hard afterward, I loved it.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Will's Confession I was shorter than my parents. I was almost one head shorter than them. My grandmother and mother worried nothing about me, but my father was acting like Simba. He treated me like I was 16. My mother told me that he sent two more guards to tail me when I left home. My father fussed about me. I knew the guards were shit. I found life somewhat boring after I left school at 12. I wanted to be singer and actress, but my father objected. When I reached 25, a thump woke me up. One year started counting down. My father gave me decade to celebrate. Two years later, I met him. He was looking at his timeclock. I was attracted to his charisma. I never thought that I met Will Salas in the casino. I didn't want him time out. I relaxed when he won. I invited him to my house for a party. My father said, \"Allow me to introduce my mother-in-law Clara, my wife Michele and my daughter Sylvia.\" I wanted to laugh… I had a little talk with Will while dancing with him. He was one head taller than me. I told him we could live forever if we didn't do anything foolish. He dragged me to swim in the sea. I was afraid at first, but I swam stark naked with him. I would like to run stark naked with him one day. Haha. I loved how the green numbers shone on the water surface. Later, we went back to my house. That timekeeper Raymond Leon and his partners appeared. He destroyed our party. I saw them talking in a room. I was so confused. My father grasped my hand. I shook it away. Suddenly, I could not control myself and walked down the stairs. It was like someone controlling my body. And Will kidnapped me! Will drove us to Dayton. Raymond followed. The car crashed and fell down the river bank. I woke up and found that I was left with little time! We almost timed out. Like what about the museum event, I was so afraid. Will was too calm! Still, we managed to get some time by pawing my earrings. Will gave me time by putting under and grasping my right hand with his. Then, we went to a telephone kiosk. I closed my eyes when I saw some people timed out. Will deposited one minute and demanded one thousand years as ransom time. I was curious about his father he was talking about. Why didn't my father deliver the ransom to me? Was it because he lost to Will? Err… Will brought me to his house. There I changed my clothes. I dressed his mother's dress. This was my favorite dress. Tell you, I didn't like wearing high heel shoes; instead I wore my black boots. I asked Will what happened. He said, \"A man gave me about 100 years, so I went to New Greenwich. Those timekeepers thought that I stole that man's time. That timekeeper left little time to me.\" It was strange. I believed 50% only. I asked him, \"Oh… Where is your mother?\" Will answered, \"She timed out.\" I asked him about his father. Will gave me a sorrowful look, \"My father was a great fighter. He was a kind man to people. He fought with other people and shared time with some poorer people. He found this world unfair. He even stole time. One day, timekeepers came and arrested him, my father challenged him. Unfortunately, he timed out.\" I bit my lip. My father didn't seem like a man like his father. My father wasn't generous. Although he lent time to people, people needed to return the time with loans. His time given to priests or some organizations was just a slender charity. The next day, his gun woke me up. We walked on the street of Dayton. Will asked me to call for help. I must phone my father. Will gave me his gun. Wow. He was so hot. I kissed him and walked to the telephone kiosk. I deposited one minute. I sulked, \"You couldn't spare a second, father? I wish I could say I'm surprised.\" No response. \"Did you hear what I just said?\" My father replied, \"You know I would do anything for you. They're coming to get you, they know where you are.\" When I turned around, I saw Timekeeper Raymond Leon coming up behind Will. I shouted, \"Will! Let go!\" I shot that timekeeper. He fell down to the ground. Will kicked Raymond's gun away. Out of expectation, Will gave him some time. Oh… We got in Raymond's cob car. We robbed a woman. Will returned her earrings to me for ones that were pawned. The crew was standing behind the scene. I wanted to rob them too. They didn't have timeclock on their hand but a watch. People in my world wore it too. Finally, we stole that car which that woman and a driver were in. We watched news in the car. Will was suspected that he murdered Henry Hamilton. I didn't think so, or he would rob me at the beginning. I chose to follow Will. In the afternoon, Will taught me how to shoot. He was standing behind me. I felt something prodding my back. At night, we drove back to the place around Will's house. We stopped by a convenient shop. I looked outside the window, there was a cob car. I told Will. Will took me by my hand and ran. Those timekeepers chased us. We ran into a shopping center. It was almost the closing time of the shopping center. We walked past many shops. I never knew shopping centers in Dayton could be that big. However, the shopping centers in New Greenwich were bigger and more beautiful. I liked to eat French fries, buy toys and watch movies there. Timekeepers appeared in the end of the corridor, so we ran on the other corridor. Raymond shouted, \"Stop!\" Those timekeepers were running toward us. Shit! No other way to escape.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Grandfather Will and I were stranded in the corridor, tired. I was afraid that we ended like this. My face was pale, sweating and I almost wet my pants! I used my sleeve to wipe my pale face. Will stood in front of me, arms spreading to protect me. I hugged Will and placed my head on Will's back. 1 second, 2 seconds, 3 seconds...Will shivered and asked, \"What's going on?\" The whole scene was paused and gave off green light. Those timekeepers stood still and their guns were still facing us. Their faces were so funny. I knew it was not a good time to make fun of them. I would draw something rude on their face and pull down their pants if I could. Suddenly, I seemed to know what I should do. I took Will's hand and turned around. I shocked at the corner and turning which didn't exist before. I calmed down and ran with Will. Will asked me, \"Wait, Sylvia! That's strange!\" We took three turnings and went into a large space. It didn't give off green light. There were three doors; I took Will into the middle room. I opened the door and pushed Will inside the dark room. Then, I slammed and locked the door. We were panting heavily. We didn't switch on the light in case those timekeepers found us. I peeped through the peephole in the door. I saw green light appearing in the hole. It disappeared when I left a few cm. Those timekeepers appeared at the far end of the space. Will clapped me on the back and whispered, \"Hey, here is a door.\" I couldn't control my body; I took Will out of the door and ran downstairs. Did these places ever exist? We ran along the corridor, opened the door and left. I collapsed and fell to the ground. Will shook my shoulder and asked nervously, \"Sylvia, are you ok?\" I couldn't move and open my eyes, so I answered with \"hm\". He then carried me on his back. He told me that we were walking where he walked with Henry Hamilton. Will laid me on the sofa. I was on the railway platform. No other people, just me. My whole body emitted green light. What a shiny day. A train arrived; the locomotive looked like a German shepherd. I wondered if I should get on the train. I couldn't control my body again. Someone dragged me inside the train. The door closed. The train started leaving. I looked around and took a seat. I looked down on the peaceful landscape: hills, creeks, lakes, grasslands. The train reached its destination, but there was no platform. An unknown power extracted me out the train. I was on the air! WOW! I was flying: I couldn't help singing, \"I believe I can fly. I believe I can touch the sky.\" I danced (not striptease!) and turned around. The train vanished and it was an astonishing view: I saw Will and me sleeping on sofas. That was the real world I belonged to. I couldn't move back there, but turned around flying to a castle just appeared in front of my eyes. It looked like Neuschwanstein Castle and located on an island in the sky. I flew into the beautiful castle, into the hall. There was a man sitting on a chair at the end of the table looking at me. Oh! He…he looked like my mother. He dressed up as a soldier. He stood up and smiled, \"I'm glad that you came.\" I hesitated and smirked, \"hello?\" The man replied, \"Hello, Sylvia! I haven't seen you for 27 years.\" I was like \"WTF\". He continued, \"Your mother didn't mention me at all? I am your grandfather.\" I shouted, \"What?\" He said, \"Believe me. Your grandmother is Clara. Your mother is Michele. Your father is Philippe Weis.\" I answered, \"Ah~ OK. But grandfather, why did you bring me here?\" My grandfather said, \"Don't forget what happened when you were in the museum and being chased by those timekeepers. I lent you a hand.\" My heart started thumping. Was he a ghost or what? My grandfather continued, \"I knew Will Salas didn't steal Henry Hamilton's time and … Remember: Your time was stolen by Minuteman Fortis after the car accident.\" Images of Fortis and his men appeared in mid air. I doubted him, \"Why did you know that? I didn't know at all.\" He started talking his story, \"First of all, I'm going to tell you my story and what this place is. When I was alive, one of my ancestors told me a secret organization of Weis. This is the place where dead people of Weis would go like some dead people will go to heaven, hell, etc. They cared the survivor of Weis and our race. My ancestor wanted me to pass down my bloodline and genes to the next generation. I want you to do so.\" My mouth opened. He continued, \"Don't you want your child and descendants to resemble you?\" He reminded of my father. Did my father want the same as him? He talked about the Circle of Life. I asked, \"Where are the other dead people of Weis?\" My grandfather said, \"They are not in this castle. I have to talk with you… about the system. You know every woman is allowed to give birth once in her life. That means our race is dying. Our organization aims to destroy this system!\" I shouted, \"Wow!\" He lowered his voice, \"But the thing is: Timekeepers and your father are puppets of the creator of the system. As a ghost, I observed for a long time. I heard their conservation. The creator is a pervert. It loves watching people suffer and die. Timekeepers make sure no people in poorer zones flip the system. Some of your father's time was given by the creator and stolen from poorer people. He is one of the people who pay the timekeepers.\" I was so confused again. He said, \"As I returned to the real world after being dragged to this place. That Timekeeper Raymond Leon accused me of being racist. He timed me out! He knew I knew the secret of this system. Sylvia, you must be careful! I wanted you to flip the system with Will Salas. I will help you!\" He burdened me. Will and I planned to steal time for the poor from the rich only. My grandfather said, \"I know what you two want to do, but it can't really solve the problem. Hey, take this.\" He gave me a box and a candy inside it. He whispered to me what to do next. \"Therefore, I will reach you after seven days. Wish you success!\" My grandfather farewelled me, \"Let's see how your parents met.\" We flew out of the castle. We were in mid air of a hall. I saw some models catwalking on the stage. My grandmother was one of the models! My grandfather said,\" Your grandmother had been a model for 50 years.\" I spotted my grandfather, my father and my mother on the seats. My father approached my mother. My grandfather said, \"That's me!\" We flew next to them. They were watching my grandmother. My grandfather said, \"I didn't want my daughter to marry your father at first. I thought time is the only thing he cared. Your mother told me your father thought bloodline was the only thing I cared.\" I wanted to laugh, but I stopped myself. My grandfather continued, \"Your grandmother, mother and I carry the same surname: Weis. Be proud of it. Oh, you should leave now.\" I vanished and returned to the real world. I woke up and saw Will still sleeping on the opposite sofa.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Raymond Leon and Maya The sunlight shone through the window. Some words on the window caught my attention. \"Don't waste my time\" I checked my time: 0025:03:17:01:50:34, the time was from that robbed woman. Will left her one day! A hole was on the right window. I looked at the view outside it. There were a row of buildings and a big white bridge. I was captivated by that bridge. I didn't know how long I was standing. Will stalked to me. He whispered, \"Hey! Sylvia, your dress…\" I discovered my butt was exposed! Oh! Then, I patted my dress several times. I sat down again and told what exactly happened. Will doubted whether my grandfather existed. I turned around and found a circular device. It was a video player in our world. I pressed the \"play\" button. It projected two video clips: Henry Hamilton's suicide and we being robbed by Minutemen. I concluded, \"Maybe we can give this device to Timekeepers to prove we are innocent.\" Anyway, we needed to take care of Minuteman Fortis and his men, and Timekeepers. It was 10am, we left the building. All we did was just a smokescreen. We got in the car and Will drove around Dayton. I still wore Will's mother's dress. I kept the candy as secret. It was not an ordinary candy and it was supposed to be eaten by ghosts. I needed to bear the consequence if I ate it. I raised my head and we were in a tunnel. A Weis Timelenders car was running in front of us. Will suggested, \"Let's go for a ride.\" He drove faster and when our car was running parallel with Weis Timelenders car. Will used his gun to threaten the driver. Finally, we took the car. Will exclaimed, \"All right! This car must have many time capsules.\" We broke into a bank and broke its door. We got out of the car. We turned to the people standing around. I announced, \"Ladies and gentlemen, I'm happy to announce that Weis Timelenders is now offering interest free loans with no payments. \" We stole time capsules and gave them to other people. We replenished our clock, took some time capsules and started running separately. I used Timekeeper Raymond Leon's gun to threaten a group of people, then they surrounded. I took out a capsule from my pocket, gave them 5 years each. After that I ran away. It was 2:45pm, I bumped into a priest. I redid the process and gave him 200 years, I told him to distribute to the other people. I sat on the curb while not much people walking around. I thought about eating the candy. Lastly I opened the box and removed the wrapping paper; the candy was purple with some green stripes. I put it into my mouth and swallowed it. Distributing time was what we planned to do this week. We planned to sleep at different hotels every night. We went back to Will's house to change clothes. I found many Will's mother's same dresses in the closet and a purple dress. I changed into another Will's mother's same dress, still wearing my black boots. On the second day, we bumped into a girl. Will knew her. She was Maya. She looked like Hyuuga Hanabi from Naruto. Will gave her a time capsule with 15 years for her whole family. Maya said, \"Thank you, I saw you distribute time capsules.\" Will replied, \"Yeah, we are taking back people's time to them.\" Maya recommended, \"Do you want to come to my home?\" We were to Maya's home. Her parents came out and were shocked when they saw us. Maya gave the time capsule to them and said that was a gift from us. Her mother said, \"I heard you distribute time capsules to the other people…\" I replied with the reason. They agreed with me. I added, \"Timekeepers surely will disagree with us.\" Maya's father said, \" I hope that you will not be chased by my Uncle.\" \"Uncle?\" \"He is Raymond Leon, my mother's younger twin brother.\" This must be fate. \"My grandparents were robbed and timed out in front of my uncle so he was desperate to be Timekeeper.\" After a one hour chat, we left Maya's home. On the third day, I stood in front of the mirror at hotel's bathroom. As expected, the candy had sprouted in to a stem on my head. I looked at my left arm and customize my timeclock by my brain power. I thought of the infinite sign and then it appeared on top of my timeclock. I could see both while the other people could see only my sign. Of course, I could change it to other things. We repeated the same thing before. This time, I went to the telephone kiosk, I dialled my grandfather. I pressed thirteen zeros. I heard a horrible ringtone. I could feel sweat on my forehead. A message said I needed to deposit one year for every minute I was put through and warned me that I might see ghosts at night. The number of nights depended on the minutes used on the call. A woman's voice, \"Do you want to continue?\" \"Yes, I want to talk to my grandfather.\" After a few seconds, my grandfather greeted me. I sulked, \"Why don't you tell me I may see ghosts, grandfather?\" \"Don't worry! They won't hurt you. Is the process ok?\" \"OK. Where are you? What are you going? \" \"I'm in New Greenwich. Keep on doing your job. See you.\" The call was finished within one minute. At 7pm, Will and I were strolling along the streets of Dayton. He asked the stem on my head. I told him the candy. Then, He brought me to the place where his mother timed out. Before we reached there, some petals were left on the bus stop. A green object appeared. She was Will's mother ghost. Will asked, \"What's wrong, Sylvia?\" \"Your mother…\" Will whimpered, \"I want to tell her I have been to New Greenwich…\" Will's mother looked at me, \"Tell my son that I have went there with him.\" She smiled and disappeared within one wink. I repeated her words to him. Then we walked along the white bridge, I saw Henry Hamilton sitting on the bridge. He turned to me and said, \"Well done.\" He disappeared. It started getting horrible. I saw there was a car on a curb. The driver shouted, \"Help me!\" He was a ghost. Will saw nothing there and I asked him to carry me on his back. I went to bed when we reached a hotel. Luckily, we didn't bump into Timekeepers and Minutemen until the sixth day.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: The Flower Lady, Sillyvia One the sixth day night, I was playing strip poker with Will at a hotel. These days were so peaceful; I didn't feel nervous at all. My hair grew a bit longer and my stem on my head grew into a bud. I still wore Will's mother's dress! Will hadn't forgotten how to play cards, so I took off my dress. I lay down on the bed. Will hold me and kissed my neck. His breath was so warm. Will said, \"Put your dress on.\" My heart started thumping. Will looked through the window, \"Timekeepers!\" We ran out to the corridor, those timekeepers spotted us. Then we ran into another room, a woman screamed when she saw us. Will broke the window by throwing a chair. He encouraged me to jump. I remembered the video player that showed Henry Hamilton's suicide and we being robbed by Minutemen. I knew those timekeepers would notice the video player, so I put it on the bed. We both jumped on a car. We ran past some chain-link fence. We stopped and looked at the window we jumped off from. Will said, \"See? They won't jump.\" And Timekeeper Raymond Leon jumped. I said, \"So much for you theory.\" Will looked at those timekeepers and whispered, \"Shit!\" As we were running on the street, some people stared at my bud on my head. I ignored them. We ran into an alley. That Timekeeper Raymond Leon kept chasing us. Shit! Why the heck they didn't chase those Minutemen? Instead they chase us, who wanted to help other people. Will gave him some time before! Will let me ascend the ladder first. That Raymond shouted \"stop\" and shot us. He missed us. Hurray! Then we ran along a rooftop, Raymond shot again. I hated him. Will shot him in return. Standing on the edge of the rooftop, Will urged me to descend the pipe. We ran onto a bus. I couldn't help panting. The bus driver said, \"Hold. You two look familiar.\" We looked at the board on the wall outside the car. We were wanted. Of course, we were not call boy or call girl. Will replied, \"How about now?\" He gave the driver some time to bribe him. All right! The bus left before that Raymond caught up. We panted a bit. The next day, we walked into a hotel. Will put his hand around my shoulder. The receptionist smiled, \"Welcome to the Century.\" Will said, \"Hi! We're looking for a quiet place to stay.\" The receptionist asked, \"How many rooms?\" I replied, \"All of them for one day.\" Will added, \"Can we rely on the discretion of your staff?\" He pulled up his sleeve. The receptionist replied, \"I'm sure you can.\" We went to the most gorgeous room to rest. I was supposed to reach my grandfather today. But I didn't know how. Anyway, I needed to take a rest. The sky was dark and it looked like it was going to rain. I saw Naruto in grassland. He transformed into me and used Shadow Clone Technique. There were two me! I wore Will's mother's dress and my black boots. One of me started molting chakra and then disappeared when the Rasengan was already. The only me jumped forwarded and shouted, \"Rasengan!\" The scene changed to me using the rasengan to kill Timekeeper Raymond Leon. I woke up before he got hit. I walked to the bathroom, I found out the bud growing from my head grew into a large beautiful purple flower. I still wore Will's mother's dress and my black boots. Will and I decided to go out for a walk. We brought our guns with us. Luckily no crime happened in front of us, but we needed to be careful of timekeepers. What a shiny day! Looking around us, I hoped I spread our message while giving time away. We saw some people dancing at the end of the street. The music was played, \"Baby I'm your slave. I'll let you whip me if I misbehave…\" Will said, \"Singing contest in this zone is held once every year. The prize for the winner is 1 year, but the winner needs to be careful of robbery and murder.\" We vanished into the crowd. We greeted some people; they stared at my flower on my head. However, they didn't ask me anything about it; maybe they thought I was just wearing a strange decoration. Some people recognized us and said thank you for giving them time. They didn't come surrounding us in case we would be discovered by timekeepers or Minutemen. Will danced with me. He sang the song, \"Baby I'm your slave. I'll let you whip me if I misbehave…\" I sang, \"Yeah.\" When we stopped singing, I said, \"You sang very well.\" Will replied, \"Thanks! You know the winner recorded his songs into an album…\" Bang! The people scattered when the Minutemen appeared. We took out our guns and pointed them toward them. I recognized Minutemen Fortis. Would he do a striptease? Fortis smirked, \"Long time no see.\" He was toying with his gun. He smirked again, \"We are taking a walk. See what we have found? 10-year award!\" I was angry that he robbed me and shocked at the award. I shouted, \"F69k you!\" Fortis said, \"Calm down, Flower lady. Your flower makes you look f69king stupid. Ha! Will musical notes appear from the flower when her singer boy sings?\" He infuriated me. I knew I was not the only one robbed by him. I shouted, \"Shut the f69k up!\" I wanted to shoot something. Now I had the chance. I hit the targets. I ended their lives. I turned around and looked at Will and asked, \"Did I do something wrong?\" Will put a hand on my shoulder and replied, \"No. They are villains who robbed people…\" Some people came across to thank me. Some of them were robbed before and some people's parents were killed by those Minutemen. At night, we were on the rooftop. We saw the loan rate was raised. Will looked disappointed and said all they had to do is keeping raising the cost of living and 1000 thousand years did nothing. I wouldn't give up. He asked if I got a million years on me. Green mist appeared in front of us and turned into my grandfather. He asked, \"Do you have any problems?\" I said we wanted a million years. I looked at his left arm which was covered by his sleeve, I wondered if he had a timeclock. My grandfather transferred us to New Greenwich. We felt dizzy because of my grandfather's power. About one week ago, I collapsed and fell to the ground. We took a rest. When I opened my eyes, a wreath appeared around my neck. My grandfather said he would tell me later. I told Will my father's bodyguards waited for him in the morning. Will bought a pair of black glasses. My grandfather floated behind him. My grandfather made me transparent for a while. Some bodyguards were standing near the curb. My grandfather used his power again. He made those bodyguards believe that Will was one of them. A car stopped and my father got out of it. After the bodyguards and my father entered the Weis' private headquarters, I followed them holding a gun. When I entered the building, I became opaque. One bodyguard turned around and pointed his gun to me and shouted, \"Stop!\" All of them pointed their guns at me. I said, \"I am Sylvia Weis. I want to surrender, but only to my father.\" My father pushed his bodyguards gently. He inspected me with a confused look. Big purple flower grew from my head, wreath, Will's mother's dress, black boots… I put down my gun and said, \"Hello, daddy.\" One of the guard commanded, \"Stay where you are!\" I smiled, \"You've hired more guards since I last saw you.\" My father replied sarcastically, \"Thanks to you. I need them.\" \"One too many.\" Will pointed his gun at my father. The guards pointed their guns at Will. Will commanded, \"Guns down. Now!\" My father said, \"Do it.\" I took back my gun. Will held my father as hostage. We got in an elevator and reached the office. We walked along my father's office. Will stood in front of a safe and asked, \"What's the combination?\" I looked at my father and replied sarcastically, \"Well it's not my Birthday. You started to regret that day, I imagine, father. Try twelve, two, eighteen-o-nine. Darwin's Birthday.\" Will said, \"Survival of the fittest!\" My father said, \"You know I love you very much, my girl. You have broken my heart for what you have done, Sillyvia\" What a liar! He loved Darwin more than me! I said without slipping our plan and grandfather, \"You have broken everyone's heart. You should know what you are doing.\" After the safe was opened, Will picked up that time capsule and said, \"Quality time. There really is a man with a million years.\" My father stated, \"That's my first million. It won't be my last.\" Selfish father! He said we were just prolonging people's agony if we gave a year to a million people. I hated his tone. We walked back to the door. My father said, \"Flooding the wrong zone with a million years, it could cripple the system.\" That was what we wanted. I almost shouted, \"Keep dreaming in your fantasyland. I don't dream of being immortal!\" My grandfather was preventing bodyguards to come here. I closed the door. All the bodyguards stood still. My grandfather appeared in front of us. He transferred us to Dayton. We took my grandfather's advice, we took 1000 years respectively. After that, I gave the time capsule to Maya. She left and distributed time. We felt dizzy again because of my grandfather's power so we slept at the nearest hotel. I thought Timekeepers couldn't track us. The next day's morning, we watched news, \"These are live pictures from Dayton. Citizens have taken to the streets. There's so much stolen time in circulation. Factories in Dayton lie idle. And now, citizens are crossing zones, seen here entering New Greenwich. While authorities claim they have the situation under control, others fear the system may be headed for collapse. We will continue to update you on this developing story\" We won. Our message had spread and smokescreen had been created successfully. I asked my grandfather, \"What did you do in past one week? My grandfather answered and asked, \"Persuading your mother and grandmother. Are you ready?\" \"Yes!\" We disappeared. ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Childhood Hello, world! I am Sylvia Weis. I would like to perfect In Time. This fiction "},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"Ain't a Gentlemanly Thing to Do","Author":"K900","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12052862","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 At the RedRock Inn, Dr Schultz is calmly reading a paper, sipping a cup of coffee. The morning light filters in and the town is starting to stir. Nearby the sound of a blacksmith hammering away, can be heard while a distant wagon rolls by. Heavy footsteps descend from the wooden staircase, it's the tall Mr Django, still sleepy but nevertheless ready for a new day. He takes up the chair opposite the bearded Doctor, and asks, —What we got today, Dr Schultz? says Django, leaning back into the chair, his hand resting on his shoulder holster, like a soldier eager to be on duty. Looking up from his paper, wearing small half-moon reading glasses, Dr Schultz didn't look too enthusiastic. He folded up the paper and put it away. He always spoke slowly when he didn't like a particular job. —It's a lady this time, he says, removing the spectacles and folding them back, A bank robber by the name of Samantha Davison. She was small time, but in a recent heist she killed a young deputy. They've raised her bounty to a cool five thousand. Everyone will be looking for her in Bell Town, but I happen to know she has a boyfriend somewhere in the outlying area. A dirty outlaw, George Mahoney. My guess is that she'll be seeking safety thru him in this time of trouble. —She dangerous? —Not quite, she usually surrounds herself with muscle during the heists. But on her own, she's easy pickings. Its just that she often manages to slip away. She's quite clever, which explains why she's eluded capture for so long. —Are we shooting her on sight? —No need. If we can capture her alive, so much the better. Personally, I'd prefer to leave her to the hangman. He sighed. I don't like shooting ladies. —Neither do I, Doc. says Django, taking out a cigar and lighting it. It ain't a gentlemanly thing to do. Midnight. Samantha Davison waited with bated breath at the undertaker's workshop. A dead cattle rustler was lying guts open while being attended to by a morose looking man. This was her secret meeting place with her crew members. This night, she was expecting Peter Hickok, her brilliant safecracker. He was a wanted man himself and kept home, no one knew where. But one thing was for sure, nobody ever came to visit an undertakers workshop at midnight, not even the authorities. The smell was atrocious and the sights, were downright gruesome. Samantha had with her, little green bags of cash. All with the faded logo of the Texas County Bank on the sides. She had divvied up the profit, and was awaiting her last accomplice to award his cut. She ground her heel into the ground. Why is he taking this long? then she realised that perhaps the heat on them had perhaps gotten too much. Maybe he'd been captured. Maybe he'd been shot? What if the Marshall was coming this way already? Keep your cool, girl. She kept repeating to herself. Stay cool. A rapping noise came from the door. The undertaker opened it. A muscly short cowboy entered, a man with a snub-nose and stern eyes. —Pete! She whispered. What took you so long? —I had to be careful, he said. I think the roads are being watched. I hear our bounty has gone up in value. She swallowed hard. —Can't be helped I guess. The young deputy getting shot and all. —You got my share, Sam? he held out a greasy hand. She produced the faded green moneybags. —It's all there, Pete. Thirty thousand. Your fair share. You can count it if you want. He opened the bags and sized up the weight of the cash bundles.—Nah, these are about right. he said, smiling broadly because of his immense fortune. —You seen Georgey around, Pete? I gotta see him. Now I know he doesn't like me bothering him all the time. But I gotta ask him for advice. The smile drained from his lips. —You aint heard yet, Sam? Samantha rode towards the entrance of Bell Town. The horse bore down at a furious pace down the desert road. Her heart was beating fast. Tears streaked down her cheeks as she was filled with dread of what she would see. The sharp hairs of the horse had begun to chafe her calves with the hours of riding. But she didn't care. She was full of thirst and didn't notice it. She hadn't had anything to eat since yesterday nor rest. She didn't care. He was gone, gone, gone. And in the distance, she saw it. The lone tree. Hanging on the higher branches, was the silhouette of her dear George. His face in a gruesome contortion of pain. That dear face, who brought her love, comfort, a sense of belonging, hung like a torn carcass in a butcher's shop. She let out a heart rending cry that rang across the first streaks of dawn. In the far distance, lying low on the ground, Django and Dr Schultz observed Samantha's gruesome discovery of lover's body hanging from an tree. She clung to his lifeless body paralysed with sorrow. —Let's get her now! Django said. Gripping the rifle at his side. Dr Schultz grabbed his shoulder. — No . Let her grieve. he said firmly. She's come a long way, Django. It's the least we can do. —Who would do such a terrible thing like that? —The security of the Texas Stage Coach. They'd been trying to apprehend him for years. Now he's been hung to scare off the other thieves. —I can't bear to hear a lady cry like that, Django lamented. Breaks my heart. —Neither can I. They lay low on the hill, just watching her. She cut her George down from the tree, and lowered him slowly to the ground. She took out a canteen and lovingly wiped the dirt from his face, hands and feet. She combed his hair, closed his eyes and straightened his suit. Although tired and hungry, she took out a shovel from her saddlebag and began to laboriously dig his grave. Django and Dr Schultz had dozed off as she'd done so. When they woke a little later, they were to touched to find her cradling his head on her lap as the sun rose high in the east. Running her fingers through his hair for one last time before finally covering him up with earth. Dr Schultz sniffed once or twice. —Have you ever seen that kind of devotion from a woman, Django? —Can't say I have. —I don't think I've ever been loved that way, or will ever be. The doctor stood up and dusted off his clothes. —Let's keep our distance and observe, he instructed Django. There's no need to arrest her just yet.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Sam enters Bell town and gets some food into her by going to a nearby inn. Satisfied, she walks over to the Train Station, buys herself a one-way train ticket to Boston, due to leave that very night. Shortly after that, she makes her way to the Bank and instructs the bank official to specific instructions to give undisclosed amount to a person in the town. Still very much raw from the death of George she walks back to the inn in a more relaxed frame of mind until she sees, a handbill nailed to a post with a crude image her face on it. SAMANTHA DAVISON wanted DEAD or ALIVE for the crime of Grand Theft Robbery and Murder of a Federal Deputy Reward of Ten Thousand Dollars Authorized by the Court of Austin She realises her handbill is everywhere. Though crudely drawn, someone could still recognise her. To her, the town has become a death trap. Fear unlike anything fills her. There's no George to tell her what to do, or where to go. She feels abandoned and totally alone. No one to care if she makes it through or not. No one to weep for her if she were gunned down on the street. Every face in the town could be a hunter. She wasn't a person, she was a bag of easy cash. Afraid, she gets on her horse and rides for the only place she has felt safe, her small shack by the Guadalupe mountains. She uses, not the main road, but a circuitous way. Through a series of passes, and rock formations, she makes her way home. Just when she thought she could no longer suffer any more misfortune, she sees her home, alight with fire in the distance. Behind her, she hears the clatter of cowboys closing in. She realises she is about to be captured. Django and Dr Schultz shadow Samantha cautiously, far behind so that she won't sense that she's been followed. They speculate on her actions in the town. —Why would she buy a ticket to Boston? —She could be setting her sights on bigger heists, Django. She can be quite ambitious, I imagine. Perhaps Texas is beginning to bore her. —And the cash she left in the bank? Who is that for? —It could be for her accomplices. Maybe a bribe. Who knows? We'll find out soon enough, reassured Dr Schultz. In the distance, Django sees an orange glow on the guadalupe mountain. Dr Schultz sees it too. Without thinking, Dr King whipped his horse Fritz with the reins and sent his wagon careening toward the burning shack. Django following closely behind him. A chill ran up the the Doctor. Lawmen had surrounded Sam, and having divested her of her cash and her weapon, chased her into a field of Firethorn bushes they had set as a trap. Her fear had gotten the worst of her, and she ran head long into them. Thorns as long as men's fingers dove into her fair flesh, filling her with indescribable agony. Unable to struggle, she collapsed, entangled in its bloody embrace. The cowboys pulled her by the hair and laid her down on the sand. They raised her skirt and were getting ready to ravish her. Dr Schultz raised his pistol and took careful aim. The first one, fell back dead. Django fired on another. A blind fury over came him the doctor. He dismounted his wagon and went methodically to shoot each man. Using pistols in each hand to dispatch them. When he ran out of bullets, used the guns of his victims. But the last one, a salty gunslinger, shot Dr King in the side, bringing him down. But King finished him off. He fell, not too far from Samantha, who had seen his heroic deed, but was still terribly injured. She saw that she was saved by these two men. She got up to assist the one with the beard, who had been shot. He held his bloodied side to stem the flow. She saw the button of the court of texas on his lapel. He was a lawman. The other one had ridden off, far away in pursuit of the others on horseback. —Aaah, he gasped in pain, as she tried to help him. —I know a doctor, Not too far from here. she told him She sees the doctor's wagon and puts his arm over her shoulder to help him get inside. He is growing pale and the bleeding hasn't stopped. She rides the wagon East to Clear Water farm, where doctor Hodges lives. On her way there, she was rejoined by Django, the tall dark man who helped save her. —Where's the doc? he asks her. —Inside, he's been shot, I'm going to Doc Hodges, you know him? —A bit. —Ride ahead and get him ready to receive us. —alright, miss. He took off like a shot. At a crossroad, she saw the road leading back to Bell Town. She remembered the ticket in her pocket and her hope for a new life. But that meant unhitching the horse, and leaving the bearded man to die so she could ride to Bell Town and make the train. —No, she thought. She whipped the horse and urged on to Clear Water, leaving her last opportunity for a new life, far behind. These men will arrest me for the bounty and I'll hang. I simply can't leave him to die here. He saved me, even if it was from other lawmen. When she arrived, the doctor was already waiting for her, his lantern in hand. With Django, they carried him into the doctor's house. The Doc peeled the blood soaked shirt and assessed the injury. He wearily wiped his brow. —I have to dig out the bullet, and hope the damage isn't severe. Wait outside, he ordered. The doc saw her deep bruises. —Django, theres some river water in a barrel over there, get her cleaned up and bandaged. —Sure thing. With that, Django got a small cloth, dipped it in the clean water, and began to wipe her bloodied arms and legs as she sat on the doctors waiting bench. —Thank you, stranger, she said. I owe you both for coming to my rescue. But I guess you will be paid handsomely for it. she said, referring to her reward. —Look, wether there was a reward or no, we would have still ridden to get you out. Those men who attacked you, made me ashamed to be a bounty hunter. That man in there, he's a real lawman and a decent human being. Thank you for bringing him in, your quick thinking saved him. —Whats his name? —Dr King Schultz. The next morning, Dr King woke in the living room of Doc Hodges. Beside him, on the floor, slept Sam, the wanted lady. Django, had fallen asleep on the other end of the room, on a wing backed chair, sound asleep. He looks at his side, and sees that he'd been freshly bandaged. He feels a dull pain in his side but feels his strength returning. A sign that he'll get better. Perhaps it wasn't a fatal wound after all . He thought. He watched her sleeping peacefully. Her blanket had fallen carelessly, he lifted it up and covered her up to the shoulder. She was a lot more attractive up close. If he had met her elsewhere, like a Saloon or at the Mayor's Ball, he would surely have invited her out for a drink or two. But as a wanted criminal, that was quite out of the question. She stirred, and gradually opened her eyes. —Up already, Doc H will be pleased. He told to wake him when you came to. —Wait. he said, grabbing her lightly by the arm. —I wanted to ask you, why you helped me. Most outlaws, would have ran. —You saved my life. I wasn't going to leave you out there to die after what you've done for me. —Thank you Samantha. Could I ask I ask you something? She nodded. — I've been trying to track you for sometime. Where were you earlier this year. Did you have a new hiding place? — After the robbery I lay low three towns over from Bell Town. Bradieville. There, I took the wrong road, and was caught in the heat of the desert. My horse had died, and I walked to the main road. I was dying of thirst and hunger on the road. A lot of people passed me by, thinking it was a bandit trap. A woman with a baby in a wagon picked me up and took me home and nursed me till I got better. I saw a picture by her cot. It was of her dead husband. A young deputy with a wine stain birthmark on on his cheek. Of all people, I was saved by the widow of the deputy that gotten killed in my last bank robbery. —All I wanted was a fresh start. Its's too late now. she said. A macabre thought crossed her mind. —Is it true that hanging is quick and painless? She asked him. He looked away ruefully. —That's what they say, he replied. Tears began to well up in her eyes. —You're not under arrest, he reassured her, no one's going to hurt you, not on my watch. She wanted to believe him and his earnest hazel eyes. But she didn't know if she could. After all, who would give up five thousand dollars? That day, Dr Schultz had to rest, and was in and out of consciousness. By early evening, Django had come to him when Sam was being attended to by Doc Hodges for her firethorn injuries. He showed Dr King a train ticket for Boston, for the previous night. —I found this among Sam's things. Look, this train was due to leave yesterday . She gave up her escape to Boston to save you. Looking at the King realised that this is what she meant by a fresh start. A new life far away. She could have left him to die there and gotten on the train, but she hadn't. Now she thinks she's going to hang for it. —Django, I need you to send a message to the Marshall of Bell town. Can you do that for me? —Of course. Said Django.[Chapter 3] Three days passed before Dr Schultz had been able to recover, in that time, word had spread of the massacre of the erring Bounty hunters who had robbed the wanted bank thief Sam Davison. The Sheriff recovered the bodies and buried them at the Bell Town cemetery. The mayor made a speech saying that lawlessness wasn't going to be tolerated in Bell Town anymore. The Marshall of Bell Town arrived in Doc Hodges' home. When Sam saw him at the front porch, she threw an accusing look at Dr Schultz. —You said I wasn't under arrest. Schultz tried to sit up, he winced as he did so. He put his hand on her shoulder. —Listen, I have not gone back on my word. The marshall and his two men, will accompany us thru the town tomorrow morning to show the bounty hunters that you have indeed been captured, so they can go back to their respective counties. Unfortunately for appearances, you will have to be manacled, but you are not under arrest. It's just for show, understand? I cannot reveal the entire plan. But I promise you, you will not see the inside of a cell. He paused and reminded her: —Sam, you saved my life, I'm not going to let you hang for it. He could see the fear leave her face. Overwhelmed from the fear that she was going to be arrested, she leaned her head on his shoulder and sobbed. Perhaps it was everything, the death of George, her house being burned to the ground, her nearly being raped, it was all too much to bear. No one had cared, but this strange bounty hunter, who for some reason, was willing to forego a five thousand dollar reward, did. He rubbed her back gently, like a parent comforting a child with a skimmed knee. —There now, he said. Poor girl, you've been through a lot. Let it out, its better than bottling it up. He pulled out a handkerchief and handed it to her. Django walked in and saw them together sitting on the floor. Her crying in his arms. The doctor looked, different to him. A softer side of him emerged, comforting this weak lady, overwhelmed by her troubles. He felt like he'd walked in on a pair of lovers. So he quietly stepped back out, and left them alone. The next morning, the Marshall arrived. He brought with him two armed men. Samantha remembered Dr Schultz' promise to her and let them manacled her wrists together. After securing her, they set her on a horse and with the lawmen, rode as a sombre procession thru town. Django, Dr Schultz, and the Sheriff walked their horses abreast with their prisoner before them, followed by the two men with shotguns closely behind. Samantha hung her head in shame. As they passed the bank, a woman with a small child had walked out of the bank with a small green money bag. She looked as if she didn't understand who would have given her all this money. When she looked at the outlaw being paraded through town, she recognised the young lady she had nursed back to health. The deputy's widow. thought Dr Schultz. The widow caused a commotion, telling people they'd gotten the wrong person. That Sam was a poor person. But nobody paid her any attention and brushed her aside. It brought tears to Samantha's eyes. They rode out of Bell Town, and followed a trail to the railroad tracks. In the distance was an odd sight, a little train, fully stopped in the middle of nowhere. They made their way to it. Dr Schultz dismounted and went over to Sam. He took off her manacles. —Are we getting on? she asked. —No, just you. he said. —I don't understand. —The Marshal of Bell Town is an old friend of mine who owes me a big favour. This train is making an unscheduled stop, a technical inspection, so to speak, to take you on to Boston. I have a friend who can help you find suitable employment there, if you need it. —He'll be at the station when you arrive. He gestured to the train, —You wanted a fresh start, here it is. —Why are you doing this? Letting me go? —Before I came here to pursue you, I read the witness transcripts to your robbery. I realised that you hadn't meant to kill the deputy. It wasn't you at all, in fact. You had a Smithson revolver. the Deputy was killed by a shotgun. An obvious error made by conflicting eyewitness accounts. But the error has been corrected. Here, (he put a telegram in her hand). The judge in Texas wired his reversal based on my analysis. Technically, you're no longer wanted for murder. However, you are still wanted for robbery, for that, you will not be arrested, provided you do not re-enter Texas. She could barely find the words, but she profusely thanked the Marshall, his men, and Django. Finally, she embraced Dr Schultz. She could smell the faint scent of desert sage on his skin. —Thank you for everything, I simply can't thank you enough. —They're waiting. Get on, now, my dear. She had already stepped on, but there was one last thing she wanted to do so very badly. She turned back and planted her lips on Dr Schultz' mouth. For that instant, they were totally unaware of everything and everyone around them. Her hands ran through his brown hair. She could feel his hand deftly underneath her top caressing the small of her back. How long this sweet kiss lasted, they couldn't say. But when they unlocked lips, Dr Schultz hair was disheveled and her top was slightly askew. The men looked slightly embarrassed. Django was enjoying a cigar. The Marshal sipped gin from a silver flask. He took her hand and helped her board the train. —Look me up in Boston, won't you? she said as the train pulled away. —You can count on it. The END. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 At the RedRock Inn, Dr Schultz is calmly reading a paper, sipping a cup of coffee. The mo"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"An Idea I had","Author":"TennisRacketeer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12958391","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello! I've no I've no idea what I'm doing. just thought I'd post this, at some point. Again, I've no idea what I'm doing, so please tell me what I'm doing wrong. Thanks! Thunderhead Thunderhead is known for being an especially stunt-filled race. The Dogbowl, twists, and lack of straight lines contribute to that, but the main culprit of this reputation is the way drivers go through it. They do all the spins, flips, and whatever else they can, without crashing. It's the thrill of it, mostly. Racing is an exhilarating thing, and the novelty of drifting through an upside-down course while smashing into / dodging other racers is certainly an extra attraction. I'm only here because it's on the \"Road To Grand Pre\" qualifying race list. My motivation for doing the prerequisite work is my enjoyment of racing. The money is certainly an awesome bonus, (because food is important), but my original reason for trying to make racing a career was the thrill I got from it. I'm not in it for revenge, or greed, or anything like that. I just enjoy doing it. I'm not thinking much about that at the moment. More so just that the crackers they give out here are the best I've ever eaten. Plastic-wrapped gold, I say. Anyway, the officials are calling all drivers to their cars, and I'm getting my helmet on. It's just a standard black one I grabbed from a racing accessories shop when I started. The standards on dress aren't limiting in the slightest, as to let racers show off the most ostentatious designs possible. I just wear a red sweater I found at some convenience store, some black jeans, and black boots I got at a Goodwill. The only reason they're color coded at all, is because the publicity on my first race centered around the fact that I seemingly didn't care. They made wild, sweeping statements about how important style is to modern racing. I didn't care for bad press, hence, color-coding. I close my locker that looks ripped straight from an elementary school, and stand. I turn left, to proceed through the door to the track, when I notice one Speed Racer. He's tapping his foot on the plastic-covered floor, lost in thought. By the nearly imperceptible smile upon his face, it's a rather happy one. \"All drivers to your cars, please. All drivers to your cars, please.\" It's getting to be the final call, and I'd really not like to see Speed disqualified for not attending. I tap his shoulder. \"Hey, it's almost go-time.\" He startles a bit at my touch. \"Oh, yeah. Thanks,\" he replies curtly, before quickly grabbing his helmet, slamming his locker closed, and heading for the door. A small slip of paper falls from his grasp, however. I snatch it up, and jog over to the door. The scene never gets old. Almost all of the racers have some sort of gimmick. The Snake-Oiler guys are an incredible example of this. It's kinda impressive, if in a mildly ironic way. I'm looking for Racer, though. I spot him near the back, just lumbering into his car. The Mach 6 is my favorite design of the ones here. It's plain in color, but still unique with it's older fashion curves, and simple air-intakes. I run to get to him, and it takes a second to do so. The other racers are giving me funny looks, including Speed. As I finally reach him, I hold up the paper. \"You dropped it!\" I yell over to him. His expression changes from one of annoyance, to one of immense relief. \"Oh! Thank You! I just knew I dropped it somewhere!\" He leans out of his cockpit a bit, and stretches out his arm to me. I slip the paper to his yellow-gloved hands, and sprint over to my car. It's a few places in front of his, and looks out of place here. It's missing the more common large air scoops, in favor of little ones spread throughout, which can open and close, depending on the part of the car receiving most air-pressure. I modeled it after an old Ford design. The GT, I think it was called. It's much lower to the ground than most other cars, too. Inside, it's got the beefiest engine I could get my hands on. The extremely elusive, highly debated, Bernoulli Oxinator. It was the result of all my favors, ever , being cashed in with my friend at the Bernoulli Center. He's friggin awesome. Anyway, it's debated for a very specific reason: It requires copious amounts of oxygen to function. Now, in the middle of a race, this won't be an issue, as you're getting more than enough through your intakes. The real problem is starting it up. At a standstill, it's not always going to get the air it needs. I fix this by supplying a trickle of nitrous into the main combustion chamber at the beginning of a race. I trust the engine to handle it. Bernoulli makes quality products. Alright. The race is starting, and I'm getting the standard pre-race excitement. I'm smiling, looking at my cockpit. You've got the standard wheel, with noticeably few buttons on it. There's nothing there for power distribution, aerodynamics, or anything besides the rear cam, Jumpjacks, and gear changing. As the other cars are extremely loud, I use noise cancellation integrated into my helmet, that adjusts insulation levels depending upon the amount of noise it hears. And so, I have a series of four lights just behind, and above my wheel in the cockpit. Three red, and one green, from left to right. The red ones light when I'm about to need to change, and the green when I need to. My Jumpjack buttons are divided into the eight cardinal, and inter-cardinal directions, as well as one in the center for activating all at once. The cardinal ones activate only that section, and inter-cardinal is for the individual ones. \"Go!\" There's a millisecond of hesitation, before everyone slams their foot to the floor. A loud screeching emanates from the track, as dozens of tires struggle to find a modicum of traction. And suddenly, we're off. The starts of races are exponentially more intense by the second. It's a combination of the sudden realization of many racers that, \"Oh wow! There are lots of people around me,\" and \"Oh god, they're also moving around, trying to hit me.\" It's just as exhilarating every time. As people start to look around, and try more and more frantically to escape the crowd, one has laser focus on some point ahead on the track. Speed isn't perturbed at all, it seems. He has the focus of experience, of not being bothered by the crowd. It's fun to just coast and look at the rear-cam all day, but I've got a race to win. I look up in time to catch movement in my peripheral vision. Expecting it, I hit the northern button on my Jumpjacks, jerking the hood skyward. The car the was about to perform a PIT maneuver on me sails left, and into an unexpecting driver's side. I accelerate past them, and the fray of vehicular combat that normally occurs at the beginning of races. I see Speed ahead of me, and make an effort to catch up with him. Speed Racer lives up to the name, as he deftly evades knock-out attempts, and stays ahead of the Snake-Oiler leader. The snake guy's pretty good, if ridiculously arrogant. He makes a bold push towards Speed, but falls into a pretty obvious trap, when Speed slows, and jumps over him. Snake guy doesn't expect it, and is disoriented enough to lose control. That's about the best outcome one could hope for, when performing that move, and Speed looks mildly impressed that it turned out that way. It's a fleeting feeling though, as Snake guy is still spinning out in the middle of the track. Speed performs an impressively well-timed spin of his own, to get past him. I, however, don't have the luxury of doing so, as he's still exploding when I get to him. I decide to just jump over it, but spin out beforehand, turning it into a nice little twirl. I land, and immediately see Speed gunning it down the Dogbowl. \"I've gotta get a piece of this,\" I say to myself. The Dogbowl is a favourite among fans, which makes racers all the more competitive in how thrilling they can make their performance. Speed does a fantastic job of this, getting so close to the edge each time he causes sparks to fly. I'm betting on something a bit ridiculous, though. I tap the GT into top gear, then gun it into the first peak. Once I reach the top, I activate the left side Jumpjacks, sending me spinning, and keeping my momentum, all the way to the next peak on the same side of the Bowl. I land with some trouble keeping steady, but I drift through the next peak with a smile on my face. I half expected that move to send my careening into the edge of the track, and I'm honestly impressed with myself that I made that work. It gets a standing ovation in the crowd, with a few more flashbulbs going off than usual. Yeah, I soak it in a little bit. I'm distracted from my ego-stroking moment when I see that Speed has surpassed me by quite a bit more than before. I look at the rear-cam, and see that I've got a sizable distance between me, and everyone else. 'Let's make that gap bigger, shall we?' I start concentrating more upon the road before me. It's starting to seem like a roller coaster at some point, and then I realize that it's just turned into \"How many twists can we put into a racetrack?\" I have to hold off a bit more now, as the road gets thinner, and the turns tighter. My palms are getting slick on the wheel now, and I have to grip it tighter to compensate. The tires are deteriorating, and gripping to the track less firmly. I'm drifting on an upside-down track, looking dead ahead. Tunnel vision is my default filter now, as I zip by screaming onlookers. This is what racing is all about, right here. It's getting close now. Speed appears equally focused on the race, as I slowly catch up with him. I afford myself a longer moment to look at him. He's distracted by something. Eyes less sharp. Hmm. Let's fix that, shall we? I re-activate the nitrous drip that I use for idle, to give the engine a little roar. I switch it back off, and look over at him again. He's looking at me with a challenging glint in his eyes. \"Let's do this!\" I slam the accelerator down, and push, ever so slightly, closer to Speed. I can see the finishing line now. It's gonna be close! But Speed slows down, seemingly intentionally. What? I look over at the scoreboard, and realize. The current track record is held by his brother, Rex Racer. Ah. Rex is pretty notorious around here, so I've heard enough about him to understand. I slow down with Speed, and start coasting to the finish. You know what? Fuck it. He's having enough trouble at the moment, and top two is enough for a qualification. I slow down a small bit more. Just enough to look accidental, but not enough to look like I'm publicly pitying the guy. Drivers have a reputation to uphold, goddamnit! Speed has tears on his face when he comes to a stop, but he's smiling too. I have a similar smile on my face when I finish, a millisecond later. It all comes back to me, in that moment. The thrill of it all is just overwhelming, and I just sit there, smiling like a child at the rear-cam. Nobody's even close. It's an amazing feeling, and after I'm done basking in it, I feel like shaking Speed's hand. He's a truly impressive racer, and I'd like to tell him that. He's earned a pile of respect, in my book. I look over to where is car… was? Wait. I must've been sitting there for longer than I thought! I start rolling to the garage, to get the GT loaded up. Whelp… this is embarrassing. ","Summary":" Hello! I've no I've no idea what I'm doing. just thought I'd post this, at some point. Again, I've "},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"The Need For Speed","Author":"Raiderette Levin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6131639","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: First off, I'll have to explain my characters. They are the Speed Racer characters, but I also got rid of some characters and invented some. So, to avoid confusion, here is a character guide. Speed Racer's name is Roy. Speedracer is his surname. Trixie is still the name of his girl. Roy has only one sibling; an older brother named Derek. Derek has a girlfriend named Jen. Mr. And Mrs. Speedracer are also in it. Now that this is cleared up, I will begin my story. Thanks for reading! Enjoy! :D It was the day of the big race. Derek had been training for today for all of his life. It was a chance of a lifetime to be able to race in the Rapid Racer Grand Prix. Derek could remember going to watch the races with his father, dreaming that he would someday be behind the wheel of one of those autos. The day had finally come, and Derek couldn't wait to get out there and show everybody in the grandstands what he had been working for his whole life. Alongside a quiet stream, Derek was finishing up a picnic lunch with his girlfriend, Jen. He had less than an hour before he needed to get down to the track and though all he was talking about was the race, he had something else on his mind, something even more important. He wanted to ask Jen to marry him. \"I'll be sitting with your family,\" Jen said. \"We'll be in our usual spot where we used to watch practice from.\" Derek nodded, halfheartedly, trying not to get too nervous. \"Jen?\" He asked suddenly. \"Yes?\" She looked to him as she closed the picnic basket. \"I, um…\" They were making eye contact and Derek felt awfully ridiculous. How was it that he could drive around a track at 150 MPH, dodging other cars all the way feeling no anxiety, and then the minute he was going to ask the girl of his dreams to marry him, he was sweating so much that he couldn't grasp the ring box? What was wrong with him? \"What is it, Derek?\" Finally, he grasped the ring box and pulled it out of his pocket. He didn't plan to get down on his knees or anything, but he opened the box and asked, \"Will you marry me?\" Jen looked dazzled at first and stammered for the right words to say. \"Derek Michael Speedracer… Uh, yes! Yes, of course!\" Derek put the glittery silver band on Jen's finger and she threw her arms around him and kissed him on the cheek. \"Oh Derek…\" She sighed. \"I can't wait to watch you race today… I'm so proud of you…\" Derek looked to his watch and then leaped into action. \"Good grief, Jen! I've gotta run you back to Mom and Pop's and get down to the track!\" \"Already?\" Jen sighed. \"Oh alright. I wouldn't want you to be late to the Grand Prix!\" She stood and helped roll up the picnic blanket. \"Come on, beautiful!\" Derek joked as he grabbed her hand and ran off to the car with her. His fiancée. ","Summary":" Author's Note: First off, I'll have to explain my characters. They are the Speed Racer characters, "},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"Speed Racer","Author":"JimKirk1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12156628","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Speed Racer Chapter 1 A.N: Fun fact, this is really more of a novelization of the actual movie, which I loved. Did you guys see it? Hope you guys liked this version of the movie! Speed walked out from school, to see that Rex was waiting for him. He smiled, and ran across the street, over to the Mach 5, and, with almost uncanny speed, opened the door, set his backpack in the middle, sat down, closed the door, and buckled himself up. Rex looked at him in amusement. \"I take it you're ready to go,\" he said. Speed nodded agreement. Rex got into the car, and started the drive home. \"How was school?\" Rex asked. Speed simply shrugged. \"Fine,\" he replied curtly. \"Are you going to the track today? Mom said you were. You don't have to drop me off. I could go with you,\" Speed shot off the sentences in rapid succession. Rex looked at him in disbelief. \"No way,\" he said, and shook his head to emphasize his opinion. Speed groaned. \"Oh, come on. Take me with you, come on. Please .\" \"I can't, Speed,\" Rex said. He continued. \"Pops would kill me.\" \"He doesn't have to know,\" Speed said, drawing an interested look from Rex. \"I won't tell him. Nobody would know. Come on, please, Rex. Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please,\" Speed begged, causing Rex to sigh. \"Are you wearing the socks?\" Rex asked, to which Speed lifted up his leg, braced it against the dashboard, and lifted up his pant leg, showing that he was wearing red socks. Rex sighed again. This should be interesting, Rex thought. \"Okay. But if you roll us again, this'll be the last time. Do we have a deal?\" Rex said, extending his hand to Speed. \"Deal,\" Speed said, taking Rex's hand. All of this flashed through Speed's mind as he mentally recalled that day, almost 11 years ago. He got up, and put on his jacket. He picked up the picture of Rex in his locker. Thinking for a moment, he picked it up, put it in his pocket, and grabbed his helmet, closing the locker door with it, and opening another memory... \"OH YEAH!\" Speed said, drifting down the track, seated in his brother's lap in the Mach 4. Sliding out of one turn, he twitched the steering wheel, effortlessly turning the car into another drift. \"Come on! Yee-ha!\" Speed yelled again as the car drifted hard coming out of another turn. Rex smiled. \"You hear that shimmy?\" he asked, as the car's T180 tire mounts shifted, and the car shook slightly. Speed nodded consent. \"That's your hind legs trying to outrun your front,\" Rex explained. \"What do I do?\" Speed asked. \"Stop steering and start driving,\" Rex said, as he pressed down harder on the gas pedal, pushing the car to go faster as they went into a hard turn, which Speed drifted expertly. \"This ain't no dead piece of metal,\" Rex said, and the car went into a straightaway. \"A car's a living, breathing thing, and she's alive,\" he said, as the car pulled into the final corners before the big jump. \"You can feel it talking to you, telling you what she wants, what she needs,\" Rex continued, as Speed pulled the car into a turn, executing a full 360 degree spin on the all-steel track. \"All you gotta do is listen. Just close your eyes, and listen,\" he finished as the car entered another straightaway, just having left the Dog Bowls. Speed closed his eyes. \"You know, they said that Ben Burns drove the final lap of the Vanderbilt Cup with his eyes closed,\" Rex said. Speed opened his eyes, and replied, \"No way!\" he said. Rex smirked. \"Maybe you just can't hear it then. Maybe you ought to start hitting those books.\" Speed shook his head, and replied, \"No, I hear it!\" which brought on a smile from Rex. \"Is that so, Mr. Burns? Alright. Tell me when to punch it for the jump,\" Rex said, as they left the last turn, and into the ramp into the 90-meter jump. \"Now?\" Rex asked Speed. Speed shook his head. \"Now?\" Rex asked, prepared to do it anyways, when Speed yelled, \"NOW!\" Rex smiled, and slammed on the gas pedal, pushing the car to ever greater speeds, and off the ramp... …And was overtaken by the Mach 6, Speed having left his memory and entered the real world again. He landed on the other side, dozens of cars following him. He jerked the steering wheel hard, sending the car into a hard drift, which catapulted him through the turn and into the straightaway, a look of serious determination on his face. The reporters were watching his every move, each reporting in their language. English, Italian, Japanese, Korean, and Russian. All had come to see the race at Thunderhead, but most of all, to see Speed Racer try his hand at the track. Speed's moment of concentration was broken when Sparky, his friend and expert mechanic, talked to him through his helmet's headset. \"Heads up, Speed, 7 o'clock. Snake's driving at the head of the pack,\" Sparky said, referring to Snake Oiler. Speed looked down at his rearview screen, and saw that Sparky was right, and that Snake Oiler was indeed closing in on him. \"I figure he'll slingshot after you the next turn,\" Sparky speculated. Speed flipped up the rocker switch cover, switched on the free wheel movement switch, and replied, \"I'm ready, \" Speed said, as Sparky predicted, Snake sling shotted out of the turn, aiming for Speed. Speed smirked, and hit the brake and clutch, slowing down, and activated his jumping jacks. The compressed nitrogen-oxygen mix, combined with the standard springs and magnetic repulsion system, launched the Mach 6 into the air, and over the head of Snake Oiler. Snake Oiler looked at the Mach 6 in shock, and subsequently lost control, his car careening into the side of the next turn. Speed was prepared for this, and jerked the steering wheel hard, pulling his car into a spin, cleanly missing the wildly careening car. He pulled out of his spin just as Snake's car started to break apart, throwing fragments everywhere and sending them into the following cars, wrecking several behind him. Sparky opened up another screen on his monitor. Looking closely, he frowned. \"Well, careful, the Dog Bowls are coming up. You may want to ease up a little,\" he said. Speed simply smiled. \"Not this time, Sparky,\" Speed said, as he upshifted, and gave the car more gas. Sparky let out a low, quiet whistle as Speed drifted through the Dog Bowls, sending out a hail of sparks on every bulge. Speed switched sides, changed gears, and shoved the pedal down, giving it more speed. The crowd went wild, thrilled at his racing prowess. Sparky stopped his stopwatch. His eyes went wide. He looked out onto the track, his eye on Speed. \"Holy canoly, Speed. Do you know who you're racing?\" he said to Speed through his helmet. Speed smiled wanly, and replied, \"Yeah,\" he said, as he and his brother's ghost went off the ramp... …And back into Speed's memory, back another time. Rex blasted down the track, leaving the other cars far behind him. Rex looked back, saw there weren't any cars, and upshifted, putting on even more speed, drifting around the bend at nearly absurd speeds, the cars several seconds behind. \"Rex is going to win this, ain't he, Pops?\" Speed asked his dad, sitting in the stands, excitedly watching Rex's every move. \"No one's going to catch him. He's going to win it. He's going to set the course record. Nobody's going to stop him.\" Pops interrupted him. \"Quiet, Speed, there's still a lot of race to go,\" Pops said, only for Speed to shake his head. \"No way. It's over. My brother's the best racer in the world. Everybody else is running for second.\" Speed looked up as Rex and the other racers blasted down the track right above them, yelling along with the crowd, as Rex put on still more distance. A man walked up to one of the crewmen manning the station overlooking the track. Grabbing him and shaking him violently, he yelled at him, \"I thought you could take him out! \" he yelled. The crewman raised his hands in the standard, It's-not-my-fault gesture. \"We're trying, sir, we're trying, but he's… just too fast!\" he said. The man's face contorted in extreme anger, and, with violent rage, he threw him aside. Rex flew down the track, over the corkscrew, and spun into the next turn... …And Speed finished the turn, hot on the tail of his brother's ghost. The reporters were eating this up. \"It's unbelievable, folks! No one has seen moves like this since a remarkable 8, 9 years ago!\" One reporter said. \"There's no doubt in my mind, he's gunning for the record,\" another said. \"He is not alone,\" yet another reporter said. \"He is chasing someone. He is chasing the ghost of Rex Racer!\" Speed smirked as he slid into the next straightaway, and over the hilltop, with the cars following, albeit several seconds afterwards. Pops watched Speed's run through his binoculars, and, as he passed by, he looked down as he stopped his stopwatch, with Spritle doing the exact same. He looked at the time in shock. \"Jeebers! He could do it, Pops! He could really do it!\" Spritle said excitedly, as the cars roared by, deafening most of the crowd, and Pops looked up to see Speed's time on the scoreboard. \"What if he doesn't?\" Spritle asked, his voice full of doubt. \"What if he doesn't, Pops?\" to which Pops gave an angry grunt. Spritle gently shook his head. \"I don't know if I can watch this,\" he said, passing his binoculars to his pet chimpanzee, Chim-Chim, who immediately brought them up to his eyes to watch the spectacle. As the cars whooshed by again, the crowd cheered as Speed exited the corkscrew with a spin and a twist, effortlessly driving into the turn, the crowd watching on, with one in particular... …Speed drove around the playground area in his little toy car, as Trixie and several others looked on. The lead blonde smirked. \"There's that Speed Racer,\" she said, her voice full of disdain. \"My daddy told me that his daddy used to work for Moshita motorworks. But he quit! My daddy told me that it was a completely crazy thing to do. He says the whole family's crazy.\" \"Speed's not crazy,\" Trixie replied. That brought on another smirk from the lead blonde. \"No, he's just dumb. Probably the dumbest in the class. Ms. Woodstrom had me alphabetize the IRB pens, and you wouldn't believe retard did-Oomph!\" she said, before Trixie decked her in the face. The blonde fell back into the group's hands, and the commotion grabbed the attention of Speed. Looking up, he noticed Trixie for the first time, and almost immediately fell in love. Trixie looked back, and smiled a little, and Speed's heart apparently nearly melted. Trixie's smiled quickly turned into that of surprise. Gesturing in front of Speed, she yelled, \"Speed!\" which made Speed look where he was going, and his face turned into that of terror, as he drove straight into a flower bed of roses. Trixie emerged from the bed of flowers, and saw Speed lying on the ground, not moving. Running towards him, she yelled, \"Speed!\" and stopped, as she stood over Speed. Speed opened his eyes, and saw that Trixie was there. Pulling a look of confusion, he asked her, \"Who are you?\" Trixie smiled, and replied, \"I'm Trixie. I'm in your class.\" Speed looked back up at the sky. \"Oh, yeah. Hey,\" Speed said, apparently having already made a full recovery, \"Want to see my car collection?\" Trixie's face lit up. \"I'd love to!\" Speed slowed a bit as he drove up his driveway, Trixie riding in the back. Entering the garage, he greeted Rex and Pops. \"Hey, Rex, hey Pops,\" Speed said, and was greeted in return. \"Hey, Speedy,\" Rex said, before getting back to work on the convergenator. \"Who's your friend?\" Pops asked, as Speed and Trixie got out of the car. \"Her name is Trixie. She's in my class,\" Speed replied. \"Hi,\" Trixie said. Pops nodded. \"Pleasure to meet you, young lady.\" \"Hey, Pops. A guy told us to give this to you,\" Speed said. 'Says he was a big fan.\" Pops' face lit up with surprise. \"Oh, a fan, is it?\" Pops said, taking the package. Rex glanced at it, then went back to work. \"Well, it's not everyday we get people with such good tastes around here,\" Pops said, and Speed and Trixie nodded agreement. Pops looked outside, then back at Speed. \"Where is he?\" Pops asked. \"He was in a hurry, driving a '68 Fenderson,\" Speed said, which brought Rex up short. \"Sweet set of wheels,\" Speed finished. Rex grabbed the package. \"Let me see that,\" he said. Putting his ear to it, he heard a faint ticking. Galvanized by fear, he ran over, stuck the package in Speed's car's driver's seat, grabbed a broom and broke it, and stuck one end of the broom against the gas pedal. Flicking the toy into reverse, it backed out of the garage, with the whole group looking on, as the toy exploded in a brilliant display of firework-like sparks. \"Cool beans,\" Trixie said, as the toy's remains cooled down, and the memory ended... Trixie smiled at the memory, and put her binoculars back up to her face to watch the remainder of the race, as Speed roared by, going back up into the corkscrew, as the reporters continued on in their reports. \"No one from these parts will forget the tragic story of Rex Racer,\" one of the reporters explained. \" レースの歴史の中で最大の論争の一つ \" the Japanese reporter said, as Speed went back into the Dog Bowls, with Rex's ghost almost doing exactly what Speed was doing. \"He nearly ruined racing,\" another reporter said, as Speed drifted around the Dog Bowls. \"One of the bravest men to ever drive a racecar,\" another said, as Speed left the final Dog Bowl, and Rex did the same, as another memory resurfaced, and Speed was transported back in time... \"Can I come with you, Rex?\" Speed asked. Rex looked at Speed, and shook his head. \"Not this time, Speedy,\" Rex said, as he packed another pair of clothes into his pack. Speed looked on helplessly. \"When are you coming back?\" Speed asked Rex. Rex shrugged slowly. \"I don't know,\" Rex replied. He looked at his pack, sighed, then made up his mind. \"Here's something I want you to have,\" Rex said, as he tossed Speed the keys to the Mach 5. Speed looked down at them in disbelief. \"But the Mach 5's your car!\" Speed said. Rex shook his head. \"Not anymore,\" he said. Zipping up his pack, he walked over to Speed, and got down on his knees. \"Look, Speed,\" Rex said. \"One day, people might say things about me. And no matter what they say, I just…I hope that you never believe them,\" Rex said. Speed looked at him. \"I won't,\" he said. Rex smirked. \"Come here,\" Rex said, and Speed didn't hesitate to hug Rex. Pulling away from Speed, an expression of sadness on his face, he went through the door and left. Pops was in the living room, drinking as Rex tried to silently make his way to the door. He didn't. \"So you're quitting?\" Pops said to Rex. Rex stopped. Half-turning his head towards Pops, he curtly replied, \"I have to,\" to which Pops got up, and turned to face Rex. \"No. This is a choice. You're selling out,\" Pops said, causing Rex to face him. \"Turning your back on everything we've built here.\" Rex turned away again. \"I'm done driving for you, Pops,\" Rex said, as he started walking towards the door again. Pops' next comment stopped him \"Don't you turn your back on me,\" Pops said. Rex stopped. \"You can't tell me what to do. It's my life to live,\" Rex replied. He moved to open the door. \"You walk out that door, now you better not ever come back,\" Pops said, which stopped Rex again. Rex stood there a moment, then made his choice and opened the door, walking briskly out the door into the rain. Pops started a moment, then realized that that was simply a memory, then went back to watching the race. Speed drifted through the corner, as he and Moms Racer tried to fend off the memories. Speed slid around the corner, Rex's time just in front, almost mocking him. Speed shook his head, then upshifted again, pouring on more speed, slowly gaining on Rex's ghost. Going into another turn, he slammed down on the gas pedal, dragging the Mach 6 farther, to line up with the ghost of the Mach 4, Rex's car. They went into the final turn, and Speed pushed the pedal down as far as he could, then realized that he still had another gear to go. They left the turn, and into the final straightaway, headed straight for the finish line. \"He's coming hard!\" a reporter yelled. Another reporter stood up. \" It's going to be close! \" he said, as Speed and Rex blasted down the straight. Speed looked over at Rex's ghost. They were almost at the finish, with only a few seconds left. Sorry, Pops, Speed thought. Not this time. Speed let up on the pedal he had been mashing for the last 9 minutes, and Rex's ghost pulled away, and across the finish line. The crowd went wild. Speed smiled giddily, while the reporters yelled into their microphones. \"Unbelievable! Split second difference! The record still stands!\" Speed looked up at the scoreboard. Rex Racer 9:18:65 Speed Racer 9:19:26 Pops looked at the times, then smiled and hugged Moms. Speed slowed down a bit, seeing his brother's ghost already stopped. Smiling, he pulled the brake, and slid to a stop, right where his brother did. Spritle called to his parents. \"Come on! Let's go to Victory Lane!\" \" Folks, I knew Rex Racer. And if he's up there, somewhere, watching this race, you can bet your ass he's damn proud of his little brother,\" the reporter said on the after-race broadcast. The lady walked up and sat next to the man sitting down, watching the race. \"He's going to be very good,\" she said. The man shook his head. \"No, he's going to be the best,\" Racer X said, in a quiet, deliberate voice. \"If they don't destroy him first.\" ","Summary":" Speed Racer Chapter 1 A.N: Fun fact, this is really more of a novelization of the actual movie, whi"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"A Better end to the movie Speed Racer","Author":"music-speaks-to-me","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10075778","Passage":"[Chapter 1] hi I don't own this please review Secret \"Speed wake up! I need you to drive me to school, I missed the bus!\" Spritle shook his older brother, Speed, by the shoulders and Speed groaned and opened his eyes. \"You missed the bus again!\" Speed said incredulously and Spritle nodded. \"Do you do this on purpose, trouble?\" Spritle shook his head as Speed pulled on his shirt and trousers. Speed grabbed his car keys off his bed side table, \"Come on let's go!\" Speed drove away from Spritle's school and shook his head fondly, Spritle always missed the bus but he wasn't complaining he got to spend time with his brother, just like Rex and hi…Speed pushed the thought away as soon as it had come, he couldn't cry anymore over Rex. He turned his thoughts to happier things but little did he know Rex was halfway around the world thinking about him. Rex Racer fingered his mask as he sat on his bed with fiancé, Minx, \"I just don't know, I want to tell him then I don't then I do again.\" Minx sighed calmly, \"Look into your heart deep down and you will know what to do.\" She then left him to his thoughts. Five minutes later he made up his mind and walked into the living room of their hotel room, where Minx was watching T.V. \"I want to tell him!\" He said firmly. Minx nodded, \"Ok let's go!\" It was a rainy afternoon and Speed was playing Mario Kart Wii with Spritle (Spritle was wining) when the doorbell rang. \"I'll get it!\" Speed yelled, mainly just for an excuse to stop the game, and walked to the front door. \"Oh hi Racer X and Minx would you like to come in?\" Speed asked as he saw who was at the door. Rex sighed, \"Speed I need to tell you something.\" He then reached up and pulled of his mask he opened his mouth to speak but Speed got there first. \"Holy- your Rex you lied to me.\" He then pushed past Rex and Minx and out the door. Rex made to follow him but mom put her hand on his chest, \"Give him minute.\" Rex shook his head, \"He isn't wearing a jacket he'll freeze to death in a minute.\" Rex found Speed outside shivering. He pulled his jacket off and placed it around Speed's shoulders then ordered, \"inside now or you'll freeze to death!\" Speed looked up at him in shock, \"you care?!\" Rex knelt next to him and pulled him into a warm hug, \"of course I care.\" ","Summary":" hi I don't own this please review Secret \"Speed wake up! I need you to drive me to school, I misse"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"It's Better This Way","Author":"AnimeGirl 144","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10885155","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So I'm not really sure where the top half of this story came from, but here it is. The rest of this story was because I needed some X & Speed brother-bonding. Alright, I lied. This entire story is because I need X & Speed brother-bonding. This is my second attempt at writing in present tense, so please feel free to speak up if you see mistakes. Please enjoy, and feel free to comment. He's in darkness. He knows this because he sees nothing, and so if he sees nothing, then that has to mean he's in darkness. But how did he get here? Why is his memory so fuzzy? Why are his thoughts so fuzzy? \"Racer X!\" Someone's calling his name. He can recognize it as his name, but it's also not his name. Does that even make sense? It does to him, at least. \"Get up Racer X!\" They sound so worried. Why are they worried? Why is the voice so familiar? Why can't he put a face to the voice? He knows this voice. This voice means something to him, but why can't he recognize it? \"X, get up.\" There's another voice; this is a new one. It sounds older than the first voice. This one is also familiar, but not as important as the other one. This one is worried too, but it sounds controlled. Like this voice is trying not to let their emotions show. Why? How does he know this voice? How does he know either voices? \"X!\" It's the first voice again. They're sounding desperate. Why? Why are they worried about him? What happened to him? \"X!\" \"Racer X!\" \"Rex!\" Another new voice, but this one is tinier. This one is smaller, younger. This is the voice of a child. \"Rex, get up.\" This voice is important. \"Please Rex.\" This voice is important to him . This voice is important, and it is sad and desperate and worried. \"You have to get up.\" He has to get up. This voice is telling him to. The voice is calling him. He has to get up. He made a promise to this child. He knows it somewhere inside of him that he made a promise. He can't go back on his promise; he won't. \"Rex.\" He has to get up! \"Rex!\" He will get up! He will get up and he will get to this child. This child is important. He has to...He has to get to the child to comfort him. To encourage him. To protect him. \"Rex.\" He knows this child. He knows his name. \"Rex.\" This child is important to him. He's the only thing important to him. \"Rex.\" This child... \"Rex!\" ...he has to get to... \" Rex! \" Speed! Racer X's eyes snap open from underneath their tinted sunglasses. A gasp of breath escapes his throat, bringing in oxygen to his lungs. His mind is working a mile a minute, trying to play catch up. When he blinks, it's at that time that he realizes people are surrounding him. Hazel eyes are staring down at him, worry clearly written in his eyes, but there's relief on this person's face, and a small smile worms its way onto his face. X recognizes this face immediately, and a sense of relief floods his entire body before he even realizes why it does; this is Speed. Speed is hanging directly over him, and is the only one X can see until the boy moves back onto his heels and reveals the other person who's close by. To X's right is Inspector Detector. His face looks neutral, but Racer X has worked with him long enough to know that the man is worried and relieved. He gets up and immediately looks around, frowning slightly when he doesn't see what he wants to see, and squats back down on the ground, this time getting closer to X than he had previously been. \"Don't worry X, the track ambulance should be here soon,\" the inspector says in reassurance. Ambulance? Why? he thinks. He doesn't voice his thoughts, but his physical features act without his consent, and a frown appears on his face. The frown makes Speed lean forward, placing a hand on the older man's shoulder. The action causes X to turn his attention onto Speed. \"Racer X...What do you remember?\" he asks. X blinks, knowing that Speed can't see it because of the glasses. He then closes his eyes and tries to find the memories so he can answer the question. What could he remember? Why was he on the ground? How did he get here? Slowly but surely, the memories are coming back to him. He and Speed were in a race with twenty other people. They were on a track, and it was in the middle of the day. He and Speed had been in the front position, both of them racing for first place. He had looked in the rearview mirror because he was always aware of his situations. Another racer had been trailing behind them, and he had a weapon on his car. X had slowed down and got right behind the Mach 6, getting between the other racer and Speed. The other racer had fired off the weapon, and it had struck the Shooting Star point blank, sending the yellow-and-black car into the railing of the track. The shot from the railing had rolled the car, and it was at that point that he had been knocked out. Glancing around, he notices that his car is still flipped over off to the side of the track, and that they're not too far from where it is. The Mach 6 was parked close by to the Shooting Star. Compared to the Shooting Star, it only has a few scratches, but looks undamaged. Tilting his head further, he sees a simple black car parked close to the Shooting Star, like it was trying to protect the damaged race car from behind. \"X,\" Speed calls, turning X's attention onto Speed. \"What can you remember?\" \"Is the race over?\" The young racer blinks at the question, obviously not expecting that from X's mouth. \"What?\" \"Is the race over?\" X repeats. \"Yeah, it ended a little while ago,\" Speed responds. \"Why does that matter?\" \"Why are you here?\" X questions, ignoring Speed's own question. Speed furrows his brows in confusion. \"Why wouldn't I be here?\" Speed questions. \"You should have kept going,\" X replies, closing his eyes when the light from the sun began to give him a headache. \"You should have won the race.\" \"You took a hit for me and you think I'd leave you on the side of the track?\" Speed's voice sounds incredulous. \"You should have,\" X stresses, opening his eyes again and staring at Speed. Speed's brows furrowed even further, but there's a determined look on his face. X knows it all too well; he'd seen it plenty of times when Speed had only been a tyke. \"There's no way I'd do that,\" Speed replies. \"You said we were friends, right? So I wouldn't leave a friend behind after they saved me from a hit. Besides, you stopped and helped me back in Fuji.\" X closes his eyes once more. He knew his actions from the Fuji track would come back to bite him. He hadn't regretted helping Speed, but he also knew that Speed would use it as an excuse to help X later on down the road. He knew his brother too well. \"'Sides, Rex wouldn't have liked me turning my back on a friend,\" Speed continues, his voice solemn at the mention of his dead brother. X didn't need his eyes open to know the look Inspector Detector is giving him; he could feel it. The inspector usually took every opportunity to bother X about the life he had given up. The inspector sympathized with the Racer family greatly, and was silently trying to pressure X into revealing the truth. \"X, are you getting tired?\" Speed asks, his tone filled with worry once more. \"A little,\" X answers, thankful for a change of subject. \"You need to stay awake X,\" Inspector Detector speaks up. \"The medics need to examine you. You hit yourself pretty hard when your car rolled; you may already have a concussion.\" Racer X, although still feeling the effects, manages to scoff at his boss' statement. \"I've suffered worse.\" \"Worse than a concussion?\" Speed questions, his tone slightly awed. \"Don't get him started kid,\" the inspector cut in. \"Besides, I don't think you'd want to know.\" \"Did they all come from the race track?\" Speed asks, ignoring the inspector's words. \"Some did,\" X answers. \"But not all of them.\" \"Would you mind telling me about them some day?\" Speed asks, and his tone is just a bit hopeful. \"Maybe,\" X lies. It's not like he's ashamed of the stories or the wounds he had received as a result. But he just doesn't feel like scaring Speed, even if Speed isn't aware that X is his brother. Speed would probably have a heart attack if he knew the things his brother went through on an almost daily basis. Before he can feel more guilty about continuously lying to his brother, he hears the siren of the track ambulance. He doesn't bother to open his eyes when he hears the sounds of footsteps running towards him, the sounds of gurney wheels racing towards his location. He can hear Inspector Detector speaking with the medics. Someone leans down on his right, and a hand touches his arm. \"Racer X, I'm going to need you to open your eyes,\" the medic orders. \"We need to ask you questions.\" Reluctantly, X opens his eyes and stares up at the male medic that is leaning over him. Speed is still to his left, eyeing the medic just as critically as the inspector is. All three are well aware of how corrupt the races are, so they are cautious around any officials. \"Go ahead,\" X says to the medic. \"Do you recall what happened to your racing vehicle?\" the medic questions. \"The Shooting Star flipped,\" the Masker Racer replies simply. \"Do you know how?\" the medic questions, his tone slightly annoyed that Racer X hadn't answered his question in full. \"I was moving around Racer,\" X answers, nodding his head in Speed's direction, \"when I was hit.\" The medic nods at the answer. \"Are you aware of how long you were unconscious?\" the medic questions. From the corner of his eyes, X can see Speed giving the medic an annoyed look. X, however, doesn't bother to respond and simply turns his attention to the inspector, who was looking at his watch. \"Ten minutes and thirty-two seconds,\" Inspector Detector answers. The medic nods again, taking in the information. X can see the look of shock on Speed's face, but it is quickly replaced by a look of realization, and he looks down at X with a look of awe in his eyes. \"Alright sir, I'm going to have to take-\" \"No, you won't,\" X replies, beginning to sit up. \"X...\" Speed begins to speak but ends up trailing off. \"Sir, I'm going to have to ask you to stay down,\" the medic demands, reaching out and grabbing X's shoulder. \"You can ask,\" X responds, shrugging off the hand. \"But I'm not going to comply.\" \"Sir,\" the medic insists, his tone getting angry. \"If you do not comply-\" \"You won't do a thing,\" X snaps. \"I'm fine and I'm not giving you any consent to take me to a hospital, nor am I giving you consent to take off my mask.\" The medic, now red in the face at having to deal with the uncooperative man, opens his mouth to tell the racer off, but a hand on his shoulder stops him. The inspector shakes his head at the medic. \"You're going to lose this fight,\" Inspector Detector replies. \"He says he's fine, so let him be.\" \"It's my job-\" \"We're well aware,\" the inspector interrupts, \"but your service is no longer required.\" The medic glares angrily at the inspector, but realizes he isn't going to win and so he gets up and heads back to the ambulance, talking to his partner and explaining the situation. X follows the medic's actions before looking over at his car. \"Tow truck here yet?\" he questions. \"I see it on its way now,\" the inspector replies. \"Good,\" X responds, getting to his feet slowly and making his way over to the Shooting Star. He hears Speed and the Inspector get up behind him and follow him to the two cars. Both of them stand on either sides of him, and while the inspector is busy looking over the wrecked vehicle that will be in need of serious repairing, Speed is eyeing the Masked Racer critically. X obviously feels the look and turns his direction towards the young racer. He doesn't ask the boy any questions, and that's the only prompt Speed needs before he speaks. \"Are you sure you don't want to go with them?\" Speed asks. \"Should you even be moving around?\" \"Yes, I'm positive I don't want to go to their hospital,\" X answers. \"And yes, I can move around. Like I've said before, I'm used to this.\" \"Are you infused with robotic parts, X?\" Speed questions. \"He may act like a robot, but he's not,\" the inspector answers for X quickly. Speed chuckles at the answer. It had been a rhetorical question, so Speed hadn't been expecting an answer, but the Inspector's answer is just as good as no answer. The trio watches as the flatbed tow truck hooks up the Shooting Star and flip it until it can be properly placed onto the flatbed. When the straps were placed over the damaged race car, keeping it in place so that it wouldn't roll off during travel, the inspector informed the driver on where to take the car. \"Guess that's that,\" Speed comments. \"I should meet up with my family before they show up and haul the Mach 6 off themselves.\" The young racer makes his way to his car and is about to hop in when X's voice stops him, \"Speed.\" Speed turns his back towards X in curiosity. X is still standing in his previous spot, though his upper body is turned in Speed's direction. \"Thanks for sticking around,\" X continues. Speed blinks at his fellow racer before smiling and rubbing the back of his neck. \"It's nothing X,\" Speed responds. \"Like I said, you did it for me back at Fuji, it was only right that I'd do it for you. But X, do me a favor and don't get involved like that again. You shouldn't take any more hits for me; I'm not a kid, and I can handle them.\" \"I don't know what you're talking about Speed,\" X responds, turning back to look at his car. \"I was trying to get around you.\" Speed sighs and shakes his head. He already heard that lie when X gave it to the medic, and he didn't need it told to him a second time. He knows X had taken the hit for Speed on purpose, just like he's noticed that, at all the other races they've been in, X would get involved one way or another if a fellow racer had his sights set on Speed. It puzzled the boy some nights, but he ultimately chalks it up to the two of them being friends. The only other option isn't an option Speed willingly thinks about because of the pain it brings. \"Right,\" he responds, hopping into the Mach 6 and placing his helmet on his head. He buckles himself in and turns on the engine, listening to the engine roar to life. \"Get the Shooting Star fixed up soon because I want you at your best when I beat you.\" \"We'll see about that kid,\" X responds, a smirk on his face. Speed smirks back at X and heads off for the exit, leaving X and the inspector with the tow truck worker. Once they see the car off, the two get in the inspector's car and drive off. \"You should tell him,\" the inspector states, pressing the issue yet again. \"No,\" X responds, leaning his head against the seat. \"He's going to figure it out,\" Inspector Detector states. \"Why not make it easier on him and tell him sooner than later?\" \"I'm not planning on telling him ever,\" X counters. \"Never?\" the inspector questions. \"Never,\" X confirms. \"Why?\" his boss questions. \"Because it would kill him,\" X replies. \"He's not a child X,\" the inspector argues. \"He understands the dangers of this job, and of what he's doing to the racing world. You revealing your identity won't put him in anymore danger than he's already in.\" \"I didn't mean physically,\" X responds. \"I meant emotionally.\" The inspector glances over at X, staring at him quizzically. X closes his eyes behind his sunglasses, knowing full well his boss can't see them. \"For eight years I've made him believe I was dead, and when he confronted me about being Rex, I told him I wasn't. That's two lies I've made him believe,\" X explains. \"Besides that, he now knows that my job is dangerous, and that I suffer worse injuries than a concussion. I only have to worry about Speed on the race tracks; Pops will worry about him off the track. Now, if I was to tell Speed that I'm Rex, I don't need Speed worrying about me on and off the track. It's better for him if he continues to believe Rex is dead.\" The inspector nods, now understanding X's reasoning's. \"You know, it sounds like you're in a tragedy,\" Inspector Director comments. \"It's better this way,\" X responds. ","Summary":" So I'm not really sure where the top half of this story came from, but here it is. The rest of this"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"Just Like the Old Times","Author":"TheAga13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6934623","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She couldn't believe the words she had just heard. It felt like the Earth started to spin in other direction. If that was true... But no. No, it couldn't be. It was so irrational, so ridiculous... yet so enticing. She slowly turned around and looked into the eyes of the man in front of her. She wanted to find a trace of ribbing on his face, a sign of joking, but she wasn't able to. He was absolutely serious; his calmness was giving her the creeps. \"I don't believe you,\" she said finally, swallowing. \"How can you say such nonsense?\" \"Listen, it's not nonsense, it's-\" the man tried to reply but the girl interrupted him. \"Rex is DEAD!\" she almost shouted. \"I've been at his funeral, I've seen his coffin!\" she yelled in a single breath. \"You mustn't say such things,\" she finished, looking at him with fury in her eyes. Her companion shook his head. \"You don't understand anything. At all. He was an idiot, an asshole, and a dork, but why would he kill himself?\" A second later he started to regret his words. The young woman immediately went on him and her fist landed on his left cheek. He stepped back and touched his face. He smirked then, and eventually started to laugh. \"Don't you ever dare speaking badly about Rex,\" she hissed with fire in the eyes. Racer X laughed even louder and shook his head again. \"That's my girl.\" \"I'm not your girl,\" she protested, \"and I'll never be.\" \"You have always been, and you will always be,\" the man said, smiling. She snorted. \"Listen, I- I don't know what you've taken, but you've clearly lost your mind. Poor thing, you think you're Rex Racer, right?\" she asked him nastily with an evil grin on her lips. \"You don't believe in a single word of mine, do you?\" the man's eyes started to flood with tears; small at first, then big and copious. \"No, of course I don't. I buried Rex almost four years ago, and I'm not convinced you're his next incarnation,\" she explained. Then she sighed. \"It- It will be best if I leave you here now,\" the girl finished and turned around, walking away from her companion. \"I can prove you this.\" the man stepped forward, following the woman. \"14th September 2028. Remember the date?\" he shouted in her direction. She stopped half-step but didn't turn. She bit her lower lip. \"Yeah, why?\" \"I can tell you everything about that day,\" he said, coming closer. \"The question is, would you like to listen.\" She closed her eyes, trying to remember all the events, faces, feelings, and he started to write the story on the blank page of her mind again... Late afternoon. Thunderhead track is empty - almost. There are only two young people on its premises. They are children no longer, but they play and laugh just as they were school kids. The boy in a blue shirt chases the girl; she tries to escape and avoid his grip. Finally, he catches her. She squirms and laughs in his arms as he lifts her up and spins around. She wags her legs in the air and, eventually, he puts her back on the ground. The girl steps back with a wide smile on her full lips. \"Come on, Rex!\" she shouts, \"Let's go for a ride.\" Her friend shakes his head. \"We've been driving for last hour and it's still not enough for you?\" he asks. The girl bites her lip. \"Well... YOU have been driving, \"she finally says, not looking at Rex. \"I'd like to try, too.\" \" No way!\" \" But why?\" she inquires. \" It's dangerous. You could crash the car and hurt both of us,\" he explains. \"Besides, there is only one person who drives Mach,\" he makes a pause, \"Me.\" \" And what about Speed?\" his companion teases. \" Speed?\" Rex snorts. \"Speed STEERS.\" \" Oh, really?\" she marvels. \"Okay, fine.\" She crosses arms on her chest. \"I'll be STEERING. How about that, Mister Racer?\" He smirks in response. \"All right, but there's one problem...\" he pauses again and gazes at the girl. \"When Speed steers, he always sits on my knees.\" She smiles. \"I see no problem in this. Do you?\" she turns towards Rex and looks deeply into his eyes. The boy shakes his head, smiling back, then turns around and walks towards a red automobile parking nearby. He opens the door and gets inside. Then he looks at his mate, giving her a questioning look. \"You coming or not?\" The girl grins, steps forward and sits down on the boy's knees. He closes the door and belts them up. He touches his cheek to hers and whispers to her ear \"You see this object before you? That's the steering wheel.\" \" Oh, save it for yourself!\" she bops him. \"I've got license.\" \" Sure,\" he admits, \"I'm just bantering with you. Now drive.\" \" I thought I was supposed to STEER.\" \" Hey, now you don't push it!\" She cracks up, then engages first gear. Rex has already pressed the clutch, so the car starts to roll. A few moments later she shifts to second gear, then third. \" Nice.\" he nods. The girl smirks. \"You better wait. I'm just getting started...\" Indeed, Rex has got a reason to be impressed. At first he watches her carefully, pays attention to every detail and stays focused. Later, he starts to take things easy and simply enjoy the ride. He doesn't even notice when she gently pushes his feet from pedals and actually drives on her own. The only thing he does is trying to respire as he witnesses a breathtaking series of professional moves. All the turns, spins, even the big jump are perfect. His friend seems to know the exact way to handle Mach. They're like one body and one soul – all three of them. He still can't believe the things he has just seen when the girl brakes at the finish line after few laps, undoes the belt and jumps out of the automobile. She stretches and takes several deep breaths. \" Oh my,\" she finally exclaims, \"that was spanking! This vehicle is spanking! I had no idea you drive a real piece of art,\" she continues, turning around. \"Hey, what's wrong? Are you okay?\" she asks, watching her friend carefully. \" All's fine.\" he opens his eyes and looks at the girl. \"I'm simply amazed how great you have been driving.\" \" Hold on... Did you say 'driving'?\" \" Oh, come on,\" he sighs, getting up. \"You did on wonderful and you know it.\" \" Yeah, I do,\" she admits and leans against the car, next to Rex. \"But she turned up trumps today, too.\" She pats the red bodywork, gazing at the machine. \"We were both made for each other, Mach and me, I mean. I should have known this before,\" she carried on, looking at the boy's face. \" Why?\" \" Well, two women always settle any of their differences, correct?\" she chuckles softly. He accompanies her with laugh. Then he sinks his look into her eyes for several long moments. He opens his mouth to say something, but he closes it. He eventually explores his pockets and after a second he finds what he is looking for. \" I've got something for you,\" he says, handing her a small, inconspicuous box. She grabs it and opens it hesitantly. Inside, there is a silver ring, rather narrow but thick. It has some verdigris on it, yet its appearance suggests someone has been taking care of it for a past few years, or at least months. \" What's that, Rex?\" the curious girl inquires. \" It's the only remaining part of Mach 1, the first racing automobile ever built by Racers,\" he says proudly. \"It was built by my grandfather years ago. A great car, but one day grandpa crashed it on a track. This is the only part of it he managed to save. It's sacrosanct for my family, a true relic of the past; the monument of our racing tradition and passion,\" he makes a pause, looking at her again. \"I want you to take it and wear it everywhere,\" he finishes, grasps the ring and puts it on the girl's finger. \"It shall remain there forever,\" he gently clenches her fist, then gazes into her irises with a serious look on his face. \" But why?\" she asks, a bit stunned with the situation. \" That's why,\" he replies, puts his both palms on her face and links their lips in a long, sultry kiss. She doesn't protest, so he carries on and becomes more and more urgent. They start to move their lips in one rhythm, feeling increasing pleasure running through their entire bodies, pacing the beats of their hearts that now become one single powerful throb. When they finally pull away from each other, they're both breathing heavily. She closes her eyes and leans her forehead against Rex's chest. He wraps his arms around her and listens to her breath, now calm and steady. The sun is setting. Everything is quiet – only Rex's soul is shouting mutely, wanting to share his happiness with the entire world. She opened her eyes, now full of tears. Racer X was standing right in front of her, gazing at her. His dark irises were sparkling as well. He compressed his lips, but it didn't really help and he could feel teardrops flowing down his cheeks. He dried his eyes with a quick move of his hand. Yet, he wasn't quick enough not to let the woman see this. She lowered her gaze and sighed, wiping her face. She licked her chops, then she straightened up and touched tenuous chain on her neck. She seized it and pulled it out from her cleavage. At the very end of it, there was a small, silver ring covered with verdigris. If not years of training, Racer X would break down and cry at that moment, recognizing the ring he had given to her that special day. Somehow he managed to keep poker face and he kept watching his love, watching and waiting... \"It is you...\" she finally spoke, looking into his eyes, \"It's really you, Rex...\" He didn't respond. He just kept staring at her. \"My God,\" she whispered. \"I- I don't- That means I-\" she wasn't able to finish the sentence. She slumped down on the ground and hid her face in her hands, weeping quietly. She had no idea how much Rex wanted to crouch beside her, hug her, caress her bright skin and console her; tell her how much he loved her, how much he cared; ensure her that everything would be fine now and that they can start a whole new life together; yet, he knew that's not the time, not the place to do this. First, he had to tell her the truth, make a confession. Then she could decide, as it was her call. For now, he could do nothing but avow and wait for the verdict. After several minutes the woman seemed to get over the shocking news, so the man sighed and squatted next to her. He bit his lip, \"I know you've got hundreds of questions crowding in your mind, and I promise you: I'll do my best to answer all of them. All time I've got left today is yours to take,\" he whispered, smiling weakly. The woman raised her eyes and looked at her companion. She nodded slightly, sighed and inquired the crucial question, \"Why?\" \"This was the only way,\" she heard a simple answer. \"The only way to make us all despairing? Yes, I have to admit this was the only way.\" \"It's not what I meant. This was the only way to protect all of you.\" \"From what?\" Rex rose and took a deep breath. Then he turned around. \"Rather from who.\" \"From who then?\" she was tenacious. He sighed and closed his eyes. \"It was while I had still been driving for Pops when I've found out about the corruption of corporations and companies. They all knew the winner of Grand Prix even before the season started,\" he started to pace around. \"One day, Inspector Detector visited me. He warned me about the other driver's intentions to whack me in the first race of the upcoming season. Then, he made a proposal to me. I would be supposed to leave Racer Motors and start working for one of the corporations, trying to find corrupted drivers and help them in being thrown to jail. In return, he'd protect my family... and you.\" He made a pause and licked his lips. \"I agreed.\" \"So that's why you've left us? To protect us?\" The man turned his face to her. \"If I had stayed, you would have probably been killed or abducted, and it would have been all my fault. I couldn't let this happen, I couldn't lose you...\" He heaved a sigh. \"Well, actually, I've lost you either way.\" The girl got up and stood face to face with Racer X. She took a look at him, \"I've heard many things, Rex. About you threatening other drivers, bulldozing them from tracks, attacking them after races...\" she shook her head. \"Was it true, Rex? Tell me.\" \"I've never killed anyone or made any serious injury to any of them. I had to convince them somehow to turn in themselves and their supervisors.\" \"So that was all true...\" she couldn't believe the words she'd just whispered. He turned away, \"That was my job. There was no-\" \"-other way, I see.\" The man bit his lip. \"Another reason for me to fake my death.\" The woman closed her eyes. \"I'm somehow able to understand why you've left us, but faking your death...? How could you do this to your parents, to Spritle, Sparky, Speed...?\" she paused. \"How could you do this to me, Rex?\" she finally inquired. The man said nothing, so the girl carried on, \"I loved you once, Rex...\" she swallowed. \"I really did...\" she shook her head. \"You haven't got a clue how many tears I cried for you at your funeral.\" She laughed bitterly. \"Your funeral...\" she snorted, \"The best part is – it wasn't your funeral. The coffin was empty!\" she yelled, spreading her arms and spinning. \"You weren't there. I wept for no one.\" \"I was there,\" Rex said slowly, looking at his companion. \"I saw you there, among my friends and my family... I saw your tears,\" he let out a sigh. \"You have no idea how much I cried that day. For my brothers, for Mom and Pops, for you...\" he closed his eyes and shook his head. \"I wish you'd never have to be in such an awful situation like I was; knowing I could never talk to my family as Rex Racer again; knowing I'm dead for them; knowing I've lost them forever,\" he lifted his eyelids and gazed at the young woman in front of him. \"But it wasn't the worst. The worst was, I would never be able to tell them about all this... Neither them nor you.\" \"So why are you telling me this now?\" she asked, looking into his eyes. He returned the look, \"Because I love you, girl. I always have,\" he explained the simple truth, \"And my love for you is different from my love for my family. Maybe it's not bigger, but... it's different. You see,\" he stepped towards her, \"I'm able to lie through my teeth to Speed, my dearest brother, but I'm not able to lie to you. I'm not able to hold all this inside anymore.\" She was listening to him with mixed feelings. His version was quite credible, yet it had been four years... She decided not to interrupt him, though. She couldn't find any words to express how she was feeling that moment. Rex carried on, \"I thought that after faking my death and all this plastic surgery, I'd be able to forget about you. I almost have, not seeing you for years. But then, I saw you at my family's, tattling and laughing... and I had to pretend I didn't know you; pretend I wasn't crying...\" he paused and walked away from the girl. He looked at Thunderhead, visible way off in the distance, \"Since then, I've been seeing you in my every dream, every night,\" he whispered. Then he uttered a sigh, \"No. I wasn't able to forget about you. I wasn't... and I will never be.\" The woman approached him hesitantly and stood right beside him. He lowered his eyes and bit his lip, then turned towards her, grabbed her palms with his big, masculine hands and said, looking into her eyes, \"It's your choice. Tonight we can start again. We can be together, just like the old times,\" he stopped short, then continued, \"Just say the word.\" She sighed, closing her eyes and not knowing what to say. She had never suspected anything like this in her life. Yet, it was happening, and she had to orientate herself. \"I- I don't know,\" she finally spoke with her eyes opened. \"I can't decide this instant. I need some time to think things over,\" she sighed, \"I mean... It's been five years since I buried Rex Racer, my Rex Racer. And I'm afraid there may be no place for Rex Racer in my life now. You see, I've got some engagements to fulfill, promises to keep...\" That was when Rex felt it just under his fingertips. He knew what was that at once, but he had to have a look, to check... Indeed, there it was: a gold ring with diamond, all sparkling. He was boiling inside, lost for words. She had found someone. Who, when, he didn't care. The only thing he cared about that moment, was the ring on his companion's finger. \"Engagements, huh?\" he asked as calm as he could be, \"You mean\" he lifted her left hand at her eye's level, \" these engagements?\" \"Inter alia,\" she replied dryly, pulling her palm and hiding it behind her. \"What did the guy do to you?\" \"He did a lot of good things to me. He's simply a good man.\" For Rex, 'good things' had only one meaning. He had to know who had been touching his girl, then make sure he would... have an 'accident', \"Who is he?\" he asked sharply, \"This twerp Greg, who had been throwing himself at you since high school? Pete, who used to draw your naked portraits? Or maybe Johnny, this pathetic little asshole, who didn't even know how to spell his name?\" \"None of them, for Christ's sake!\" she cried out loud. \"Don't resent now! You left me when you decided to fight the crime. What I was supposed to do?\" she snorted, stepping back, \"I wanted to have my own life, with loving husband and a covey of kids, and I wasn't able to execute the plan with a dead man!\" Rex closed his eyes and breathed deeply, trying to calm himself down. After some seconds he managed to do this and lifted his eyelids. Then he placed his gaze at the girl, \"I'm asking you right now, like there would be no tomorrow: would you start a whole new life, from now on, with me?\" \"I told you I don't know yet. I need time.\" The man closed his eyes again and heaved a sigh, deep in thoughts. When he opened them, though, he knew what he was going to say, \"In this case, let me know when you'll figure out the answer to this question,\" and after these words, he turned around and walked away. She didn't stop him or follow him, so she didn't see the teardrops filling his eyes, running down his face, making it difficult for him to breathe or talk. When the woman was alone, she sat on the ground and hid her face in her hands. She didn't cry, though. Then, she slipped one ring from her finger and removed the chain with the other one from her neck. She put the ring from her fiancé in the left palm and the one from Rex in the right palm. Then, she lowered her eyelids and clenched fingers of both hands, weighting the rings up. Lifting the eyelids, she already knew the answer. Thunderhead. Empty, as usually out of racing season. Well – almost empty. There was only one car on the track. A yellow and black automobile with number nine on it kept driving in circles all over the place, as the motorist would like to poke the hole in the pavement. The vehicle seemed to be absolutely calm and static, despite moving all the time; calm and static, unlike the man behind the wheel. She had a point. He had left, and now he came back and laid claim to her. He had no right to do it, neither to complain. It was his decision to leave. He had simply chosen wrong time to sow and now, he had nothing to reap. He had missed so much, from life of both his family and hers, and the only one he could blame for this was himself. Now he could only watch her life, do window-shopping. He imagined her wedding, then his love being pregnant, having two wonderful girls with her hazel eyes. Maybe she would trust him enough to let him take them to school sometimes. They would run to the building, all happy and joyful, and they would never know how much he would want them to be his daughters... He put the pedal to the metal. The car dashed forward, moving faster than before. He closed his eyes and listened to the machine. She was trying to encourage him to drive more swiftly and fiercely. In response, the man fondled the steering wheel reflectively. This solution – could he call this a solution at all? – seemed like a good way to sort things out; clean, quick and easy. All he had to do was gather the maximum momentum and rotate the wheel; first left, then right, then left again... He wouldn't have to worry about the rest; Mother Gravity and laws of physics would take care of it. He opened his eyes, ready to carry out his intention, when he saw someone on the track, just at the finish line. It took him a split second to recognize the person. He ground to a halt with a loud screech of smoking tires, almost running over his spectator. When his machine was finally standing absolutely still, he lifted his gaze and put it on on the woman in front of him. He got out of the car and leaned against the vehicle, crossing his arms and watching her carefully with no emotions visible on his face. \"What do you want?\" he asked, as blandly as he could in this awkward situation. The girl didn't say anything. She bit her lower lip and approached the automobile. She extended her hand and caressed the bodywork tenderly. \"She's nice,\" she finally claimed, following the palm with her look. \"You've always had a great taste for cars,\" she encapsulated, smiling weakly. \"What do you want?\" the man was starting to grow impatient. Did she come here just to smooch with his set of wheels? She placed her gaze on him. \"A drive,\" she answered his question, \"Simply a drive.\" \"Fine,\" he replied, stepping aside. \"She's all yours.\" \"Thanks,\" Rex heard in response as the woman got in the vehicle, fastened her seatbelt and started the engine. Then she took a quick look at him, and asked, with a truly innocent smile on her lips, \"Would you accompany me?\" The man sighed deeply but opened the automobile's other door and placed himself inside. As they started accelerating, he noticed a smirk on her face that disappeared right away. Of course, she was driving perfectly; what else could he possibly expect from her? With every new turn they entered, every spin they exited, he felt like someone was crumbling his heart with a crusher and pushing it up, towards his throat. He had no idea what was happening to him, yet he knew what, or rather who was causing it. He wanted to have a glance at her, he wanted this so badly; just for a moment, a minute, eternity... He knew he shouldn't if he didn't want to bring himself more pain, but this desire was a desire no more. It became a need, a necessity; something he wasn't able to exist without. If someone had told him in that moment he would better give this up, he would put him down immediately. It would be like telling him he would better breathe underwater. He knew what can cause him seeing her ring, but he decided to try to avoid it and bypass it with his gaze. When he finally decided to execute the plan, naturally, he had to meet her palm on the way. What was his surprise when he realized it wasn't her engagement ring sparkling on her finger. It was the one given to her by him once; his ring. He looked at his companion's face with his jaw dropped, still not able to believe the thing he had just seen. The woman must had not found out his feelings yet as she kept driving as nothing had happened. Well, for a second he could see her smirking, but it lasted for so short that he wasn't really sure whether she truly had smiled or he had just imagined himself this. As they were approaching the finish line, he calmly asked, \"Please, stop.\" She followed the order and after breaking sharply, the car was in motion no more. The girl watched Rex as he leaned his forehead against his hand and sighed, closing his eyes. His shoulders started to shake slightly and she could hear him sniffing. There was no doubt he was sobbing. \"Rex...?\" she inquired hesitantly, not really knowing what to do in this situation, \"Rex...\" Hearing his name, the man couldn't stop himself anymore and turned on the waterworks. Now she really didn't know what to do. She bit her lip, then touched his chin gently and lifted it with her fingers. He took a look at her. When she saw his face, she immediately knew this was her Rex. There was no other option. She had seen Rex crying only once; on the day he had left, during their farewell, and she had never forgotten the look on his face that day. Now, the same looking face was gazing at her, and despite it was Racer X's face, it had Rex's look on it; his tears running down his cheeks, his glued eyelashes. In a fit of emotions, she started to blubber as well. Then she drew near him, almost touching her nose to his, and started to peck the tears from Rex's face. She astonished him with this gesture greatly, causing him to stop weeping. Yet she continued, going lower and lower; from his eyes down to his both cheeks, nose, chin. Finally, she skimmed his lips, and after this nothing could stop him. He took her in his arms and started to kiss her passionately, forgetting about the entire world and everything connected with it, including breathing. He was imbibing with sweet air from her lungs, trying to wrap his arms around her more tightly, hold her more firmly, keep her closer, even despite she was as close as possible. Her nimble fingers were traveling through his hair, caressing his strongly marked jaw and driving him to the very edge of sanity. Nothing mattered; neither the past nor the future. It was only now and here. Out of the corner of his half-opened eyes, he could see a big, red circle of the setting sun, illuminating them with its shafts, showing them the direction of their lives. Yeah. It was just like the old times. ","Summary":" She couldn't believe the words she had just heard. It felt like the Earth started to spin in other "},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"Speed Racer 2","Author":"MelNichols18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11104476","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Speed's heartbeat was pounding in his ears, the adrenaline was still flowing, and all he could think about was the fact that he had just won the 91st annual Grand Prix of the WRL. He was still in shock, he could barely register the flash of the reporters cameras or the cacophony of journalists clamoring for attention, dulled by the cheers of the fans in the stands. All he was aware of was being surrounded by his family. Trixie was tucked under his left arm, his mother, father and Sparky were over his right shoulder, and Spritle was in front of them, lifting the trophy into the air then down and kissed it then pushed it back up, Chim Chim the chimpanzee was on Spritle's right, pointing and grinning at his favorite brother Spritle. And Speed could almost swear that he felt Rex's spirit behind him, a hand on his shoulder as the ghost beamed with pride. Speed Racer had won the Grand Prix, and, in the process, had hopefully brought Royalton Inc and Cruncher Block to justice for the death of Rex as well as game fixing and other crimes, bringing the honor back to the Racer family name. For Speed, everything was right. Meanwhile, Racer X, previously known as Rex Racer, watched from the VIP lounge as the Racer family celebrated. ON his left was Silvia, his girlfriend, and to his right, walking away, was Chief Detector of the CIB. X let old memories surface as he looked at his family, one particular memory surfacing. He remembered racing with young Speed at Thunderhead and teaching him about driving, not steering. And then another memory arose, the memory also featuring Speed at Thunderhead, but the lesson this time was about not driving because of a love for driving, but because one is driven. X smiled, seeing how far his brother had come, seeing him as not a boy, but as a man standing up for what was right. Rex had tried to do the same thing, but he had left home to do it himself, and he'd failed. You walk out that door, you'd better not ever come back. X shuttered as ice was poured down the back of his neck and spine, yanking him out of his warm memories. With cold clarity, X remembered that he was Racer X, the Harbinger of Boom, and the Rex Racer was dead. Sighing, he turned away from the window, struggling to push his memories to the back of his mind where they belonged. \"We should go, Silvia.\" He muttered softly. Silvia only nodded. She had known him for three years, having also been in the plastic surgery recovery wing of the hospital where he waited to be discharged. She knew everything about him, and she knew who he was by blood. So, she knew that he fighting his memories again, fighting to keep himself separate from the family he loved so deeply that he tried to protect them from the nasty rumors circulating around him by faking his death and changing his face and name. Dutifully, she held his hand as they left for the VIP parking lot, the scorned son struggling to remain Racer X instead of the young child wishing to return home. Back on Victory Lane, the adrenaline was burning itself out and Speed began to slow his speech as his vision blurred and his energy drained rapidly. Discreetly, he held on to the only one in the family strong enough to support him, his father. His mother, being the doting and knowing mother she always was, realized something was wrong and held his other hand in support an encouragement. Security came between Speed and the reporters like a solid wall of muscle, arms outstretched to the side to form a solid wall of muscle the physically moved to widen the distance between the two bodies. \"Easy there, son. You'll be alright.\" Pops said in his deep voice as he readjusted his hold on his son to carry his weight. Trixie was on Speed's other side, having taken his hand back from his mother. \"Let's go home, Speed.\" She said and he readily and happily nodded. He shook his head vigorously, fighting off the adrenaline. He couldn't fall asleep here! He still had to help put the Mach 6 in the trailer. \"Here, Speed.\" Sparky came up beside Speed, offering the milk that was given to every winner of the Grand Prix. Speed had taken his swallow of milk before, then, as he had promised, handed the bottle to Sparky to share in the victory. Now, it was Speed's best chance of staying awake long enough to make it to the Mach 6. He happily took the milk and drank like his life depended on it. The cold as like a bolt of electricity. It felt like it froze his lungs and throat, but some degree of strength returned to his limbs. He pulled away from his father as he continued to drink, eventually emptying the bottle. Sparky took it back and Speed redoubled his efforts to walk on his own, putting the same mindless determination that he had used to win the race now into walking upright and without support. Through stubborn determination, Speed made it down to where the newest car was still sitting on the red and white checkers, the Mach 6. Built in thirty-two hours, the Mach 6 was the newest version of the previous Mach 5. She was more powerful but just as sleek and agile as the familiar Mach 5, with a matching body and dimensions. The only thing that separated the two cars was the Bernoulli convergenator, which gave the Mach 6 more power and \"kick\" than its predecessor. Now dormant, the family could take in the Mach 6's condition. \"Wow.\" Spritle muttered, and Chim Chim agreed with a wide grin and nod. \"Holy cow, Speed. Look, the tires are melted.\" Sparky pointed at all four tires, which had indeed melted away from the car and onto the red and white checkers as melted rubber. \"Cool beans.\" Trixie muttered and Speed grinned and chuckled. Trixie loved seeing a car at its lowest during its life and then helping to build it back to glory. Besides the melted tires, the car had suffered some serious damage. The body in front and on the side was heavily scratched, the paint was stripped away. Also, the fried triple-phase conductor needed to be replaced, in addition to the many scratches and other repair work that needed to be done. But to Speed, she was the most beautiful car in the world and he was looking forward to many more races with her. \"Well, guess we'd better get started.\" Pops said, breaking the reverie. \"Sparky, go get the trailer would you? I'll see what I can do about the conductor so we won't have to put her in fifth.\" Sparky nodded and raced off while Speed walked to the driver's side and pushed one of the buttons. Immediately, all four tires reinflated with back up spares. \"That'll make loading easier.\" He grinned as he sat on the door. ","Summary":" Speed's heartbeat was pounding in his ears, the adrenaline was still flowing, and all he could thin"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"The Right Thing","Author":"StilloftheSilence","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6774029","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Speed Racer. As Speed laid in bed the night after arriving at Casa Cristo, the race that took his older brother's life, with Trixie in his arms, his mind wandered. He wondered if he had done the right thing by coming here. By betraying and lying to Pops, whom he had always had a loving relationship with, despite it's hardships when Rex died. He knew that Pops didn't approve of cross-country racing, especially this particular race, and he would be much more than upset if he found out that Speed had defied his wishes and come here. The thing was, Speed felt it was the right thing to do at the time, but now, he was laying here ridiculing himself for deceiving his family. \"Speed,\" Trixie mumbled, moving her head so that her chin was propped up on his chest. \"Yeah Trix? Did I wake you?\" Speed replied. \"I can't possibly sleep over here with you thinking so loud. Stop worrying.\" Trixie told him, smiling. \"How did you know I was worrying?\" he asked, genuinely surprised at the way she always seems to be able to read his mind. \"I know you better than you think,\" she said, laughing and kissing the tip of his nose, \"and I can tell you that you did the right thing by coming here, so you can stop worrying.\" \"You really think so Trix? You think it was worth lying to Pops over?\" Speed asked, still worried. \"I think that your not a little kid anymore, and Pops can't tell you what to do anymore, no matter how much he'd like to. Although you should still take his opinion into account. But, as far as the race goes, I think that these guys need to be taken down, and you are the only person that can do it, so coming here was the right choice, and you shouldn't feel guilty about it.\" \"You're right, as usual. I just hope it all works out the way it's supposed to, so this won't all be for nothing.\" \"I know. What would you ever do without me?\" Trixie laughed. \"I have absolutely no idea. I wouldn't even be here without you. I'd be sitting at home moping, but I just felt like I had to do something you know? I couldn't just sit there and let these guys get away with it.\" \"Yeah, I know exactly how you feel. I definitely think we did the right thing by coming here.\" \"Thanks Trix,\" Speed said. \"No problem. You know, I think it's kinda sexy when you take charge and do the right thing.\" Trixie said as she placed kisses on Speed's neck. \"Oh really?\" Speed asked, raising his eyebrows. \"Mm-hmm,\" Trixie responded from the crook of his neck. \"Well I think it's kinda sexy when you kiss me like that,\" Speed said as he pulled her face up to his and kissed her. She squealed and laughed as he rolled over on top of her, so as to kiss her more deeply. And as their tongues entwined, and she twirled his deep black locks with her fingers and the night wore on, they were both happy knowing that what they were doing was the right thing. Thanks for reading! This was my first Speed Racer fic, so please review and tell me what you think! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Speed Racer. As Speed laid in bed the night after arriving at Casa Cristo,"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"Buenas noches","Author":"Mao Kyoku Kon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10692646","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Buenas noches. No pregunten, no sé de dónde salió esto porque ni yo misma estoy segura; Speed Racer no me pertenece, ni la película ni la serie animada, estaba viendo la película con el ordenador abierto y cuando menos lo pensé ya iba a la mitad del fic. Capítulo único, espero que lo disfruten. . Pensaba en todo lo que podría ocurrir, pensaba en todo lo que podía pasarle en el desierto, pensaba en las trampas que le esperaban pues sabía mejor que nadie que el Casa Cristo era el rally más peligroso que podía existir. Trataba de acompasar su respiración al mismo tiempo en que pensaba en su hermano, sabía lo que esa carrera le había hecho a la familia, el horror por el que sus padres habían pasado, la depresión y los golpes. Aún le dolían los nudillos al pensar en todos los golpes que había dado defendiendo a su hermano y luego recordó la apatía que le siguió, el perder las ganas de hacer cualquier cosa, las ganas de dejar de ir a la escuela, y sobre todo, dejar los autos. Suspiró por enésima vez y se puso en pie, en el vestíbulo de su habitación había un pequeño refrigerador con refrescos de lata y botellas de leche entre otras cosas así que pensó que un poco de leche fría le podría apoyar a despejar la mente. La oscuridad que lo rodeaba fuera de su cuarto era abrumadora pero no quería encender la luz pues sabía que podría despertar a Trixie y ella no tenía la culpa de su insomnio. A tientas dio con el refrigerador y sacó la botella de cuerpo cuadrado sonriendo de haber recordado el camino cuando apenas llevaban un día en el hotel. Un ruido llamó su atención, pero fue algo tan sigiloso que él descartó que aquello fuera real, le dio un largo trago a la botella y un instante después algo tronó con un ligero click en la habitación seguido de la cegadora luz amarilla de las lámparas en las paredes. Trixie estaba de pie junto al apagador tallándose un ojo. — ¿Meteoro? ¿Qué haces despierto? —Lo siento Trix, no era mi intensión despertarte. —Descuida, no estaba durmiendo. —Supongo que los ojos rojos y la bata de pana son un invento de mi imaginación. Comentó el muchacho sonriendo. La chica rió un poco por lo bajo abrazándose el vientre, se percató de que Meteoro la miraba de pies a cabeza pero no dijo nada, permitió que corrieran un par de segundos más esperando el momento en el que sus ojos se encontraran, y cuando lo hicieron, ella movió la cabeza invitándolo a seguirla hasta su habitación. Meteoro la siguió al instante dejando la leche en la mesa de servicio junto con los platos vacíos de la cena y las bandejas. —Ven, no seas tímido. —Comentó la chica descalzándose y sentándose en la cama, Meteoro se sentó a su lado soltando un suspiro prolongado. — ¿Qué tienes? —No sé si estoy haciendo lo correcto. —Soltó sabiendo que Trixie tendría las palabras correctas como cada momento, como siempre que escuchaba atentamente las palabras de aquel muchacho, como siempre había sido desde que comenzó su amistad. —Papá no quería que compitiera, no me quería ver corriendo ésta carrera porque sabíamos que era peligrosa, sabíamos que Rex había desobedecido y pagó las consecuencias. —Se sentía natural hablar con ella, tanto como conducir el Mach 5, sentía mucho sosiego cada que podía decirle a aquella chica de cabello corto y ojos profundos todo lo que le pasaba, sentía que podía quitarse una carga de los hombros. Se dejó caer de espaldas con las manos bajo la cabeza, mirando el techo y encontrando figuras imaginarias en la oscuridad, de autos estallando, del corredor X, de Taejo, de su padre y de toda su familia, sintió las palabras escaparse de su boca y sintió por último el peso de Trixie a su lado, recostándose y recargando su cabeza en el hombro del muchacho. —Meteoro, ¿Qué es lo que más te preocupa? —Que tengan razón, que ésta carrera sea tan peligrosa, que pueda morir mañana en el desierto o que les hagan algo por mi culpa. Fue mala idea dejarte venir conmigo, porque estando tú aquí pueden usarte en mi contra. Además, si no ganamos el Casa Cristo no solo habré perdido mi oportunidad de mandar a la cárcel a Royalton y a todos sus matones, sino que mi familia no podrá recuperarse de las demandas por falta de pruebas… —Meteoro escúchame bien, no importa lo que hayan dicho todos antes, tú estás haciendo lo correcto, estás corriendo ésta carrera para salvar a tu familia y cambiar la historia de las carreras de autos, no estás persiguiendo la gloria personal o buscando un fin egoísta, estás siendo abnegado y estás defendiendo aquello que es importante para todos los países del mundo. Las carreras de autos tal vez estén arregladas y sean un fiasco el día de hoy, pero tú estás corriendo para cambiar eso y eso Meteoro Racer, eso —Comentó enderezándose un poco para poder mirar al muchacho a los ojos. —Es hacer bien las cosas… Meteoro lo pensó unos minutos y Trixie volvió a acomodarse a su lado, cerrando los ojos y tratando de imaginar qué pasaba por la mente de aquel muchacho, no fue hasta que él se movió un poco para poder enderezarse que ella se percató de que estaba vestido. —Gracias Trix… —Ve a ponerte la pijama y vuelve, no vas a salir a correr antes del rally. —Lo sé… —Comentó sonriendo y mirando sus zapatos y los calcetines rojos. Se quitó el paliacate del cuello, largó los zapatos y se acomodó de nuevo en la cama, abrazando a Trixie, aún con los pies colgando al lado del colchón. —No sé qué haría sin ti en estos momentos. —Posiblemente estarías derrapando en algún lugar. Mi nombre espero, me lo debes como un recordatorio. —Te debo varios recordatorios. A veces olvido cómo decirte que eres importante para mí. Tengo mucha suerte de tenerte a mi lado… no cualquier corredor tiene una chica como tú en su equipo, menos en su familia. —Supongo que ésta es la parte en la que me sonrojo. —Admitió ella luchando contra el rubor de sus mejillas. —Supongo… Gracias Trix, te quiero. —Y yo a ti… Ahora vamos a dormir. —Comentó soltando al muchacho y recorriéndose hasta quedar debajo de las colchas. Él hizo ademán de levantarse. — ¿A dónde vas? —A dormir. —Ah no señor súper estrella, te irás a correr sin que me de cuenta. Meteoro rió por lo bajo. — ¿Bueno señorita intuición, cómo hará para averiguar si es verdad que me iré? —Muy sencillo. Invitándote a dormir aquí. Nadie tiene porqué saberlo. Meteoro admiró la media sonrisa de Trixie en la oscuridad y sonrió de igual manera, admirado por la capacidad que aquella chica tenía para salirse con la suya, él estaba perdidamente enamorado de ella, ella quería ser siempre su compañera fiel, así que sin más pensarlo, se acomodó a su lado y se permitió abrazarla y respirar el perfume de su cabello, y disfrutar del suave contacto de su aliento en el cuello, permitiendo que aquello fuera su arrullo. Al día siguiente habría mucha pista que recorrer y tal vez ella tenía razón, así que le creería ciegamente y descansaría por esa noche. —Gracias por todo Trixie. —Es un placer Meteoro. —Buenas noches. —Buenas en verdad. —Admitió ella deleitándose del perfume que la camiseta del muchacho expedía. —Descansa Meteoro. . ¿Y? ¿Qué opinan? ¿Demasiado cursi para los No-Vacunados? Espero que les haya gustado, espero sus comentarios con gusto. Un abrazo ","Summary":" Buenas noches. No pregunten, no sé de dónde salió esto porque ni yo misma estoy segura; Speed Racer"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"Speed's Daughter","Author":"Unspoken Goodbyes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7825431","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Speed's Daughter? Summary Basically speed and Trixie have a daughter but their threatened by Royalton who wants Revenge on speed for putting him in jail… \"Trix you have to do this! … For me for our baby\" Disclaimer : I do not own Speed Racer if I did Racer X would have told everyone his true identity and there would have been a lot more fighting scene like kung fu scene. And If I have stolen anyone's else's ideas I really sorry Authors Note: I'm really new to this so please be nice I'm only going to write one chapter and if enough people read it then I'll continue it. If I do get writers blocks then your welcome to submit ideas so READ & REVIEW! Smile x Chapter One: What's he want? After the Grand Prix Royalton was found guilty of trying to fix the previous races and developing devices to cheat with e.g. sting bar, \"accidental\" oil leaks and so on, but thanks to speed and his clear footage from the race shot by cameras on the track he was put in prison for 30 years, although with the help of his evil cheating friends he broke out of prison 3 years into his sentence. Nobody knows where he is right now but it doesn't take a genius to figure out, he wants revenge on Speed Racer… \"ARRRRRRHHHH…\" \"C'mon Trix pus!\" encouraged Speed from Trixie's bedside. Trixe looked into speeds brown eyes \"Shut up will you?\" she grabbed his hand and crushed every bone in it. In Speeds mind he was silently begging and crying for Trixie to let go of his hand because in logic you can't drive a race car on handed very well. (Yeah I'm going to skip the birth process if you don't know how child birth works umm go online :P) Speed and Trixie put their baby Faythe to sleep in the oak crib that Speed and Pops had put up the month before with a lot of shouting (things I'm not allowed to write) and hurting themselves; Trixie and Mom were puzzled that they could build a car in 9 hours but they could build a crib that came with instructions. They tucked a green blanket round her, to keep her warm. They crawled into the big king sized bed and curled up and the covers. As Speed and Trixie slept Fayte tossed and turned and doing what every other baby does wake up crying. Trixie's eyes slid opened at the disturbance of her baby girl she rubbed her eyes to trying to get them to stay open. She wiggled out of Speeds iron grip round her middle wondering how he hasn't woken up. She walked round to the crib and picked up her child, bouncing it up and down gently she calmed down. Deciding she couldn't sleep now. She put down Faythe to sleep again and padded downstairs to get a drink. Hopping up and down on the cold tile floor; she reached for a glass in the cabinet, taking it down she heard a loud Crash! In fright she dropped the glass. Time slowed down as it hit the tile floor and smashing into thousands of pieces. She whipped her head round her black hair swinging just behind her eyes widened as they zoned on: One Ninja One big guy with a bat And a small guy with a stick? Speed must have woken up, he ran down the stairs eyes blindly searching for any danger only to narrow when the landed on the mini gang standing in his living room which had glass all over the carpet, that had been the window less the a minute ago. Trixe was stood in the opening of the kitchen gapping but soon glared at the intruders. Speed and Trixie were more than capable of handling these thugs since Pops had made everyone take lessons in fighting in various forms after the whole nunja incident at Casta Cristo (sp?) a few years back. \"What do you want?\" Speed yelled at the posey. In return they each shared a glance at each other then the small guy with the stick( yeah I couldn't think of a better weapon) and the big guy with the bat charged at speed, before Trixie could even blink the ninja dressed in the traditional black suit; Started waving his arms and legs in opposite directions at her. Speed was currently whacking the big guy who had lost his bat a while ago with a slipper while the guy with his stick was watching puzzled. Trixie carefully walked back into the kitchen trying to avoid broken glass on the floor and dodged the kicks and punches being thrown by the ninja until she was back up to the contour top behind her was 3 frying pans. She picked up the first one and quickly hit him on the head; nothing happened so she threw it on the floor. Second one went to his polar regions (if you know what I mean) he bent over crying. With the third one she hit him over the head again this time he fell to the floor on his face unconscious. Who ever said Kitchen utensils were only used in cooking? But the time she reached the living room it was trashed: an over turned sofa, broken coffee table, the very expensive carpet ruined! Speed jumped up from behind the Sofa. Just as Trixie went to see if he was okay crying from up stairs called both of them into protective parent mode (god my parents do that all the time). They ran up the stairs like bats out of hell and rushed into their room where Faythe should have been sleeping in her crib. But instead she was in Royalton's arms being cooed at. Trixie frozen to her spot in the door way was wide eyed at the sight before Speed was beyond angry at this point. \"Royalton I suppose you sent that team of thugs downstairs?\" he sneered sliding a step forward. \"You always were such a clever boy, but I bet your daughter is even smarter am I right\" he replied in such a care free way that it sent speed biting his tongue form saying something that would make Royalton hurt his child. \"What do you want Royalton? The quicker you tell us the quicker we get want we all want\" Trxie pleaded. \"Ah a very smart girl there you've got speed; what I want is. Revenge on you!\" he reviled. Tine stopped as he dropped Faythe and pulled out a gun and aimed at speed's head and fired off a few rounds each missing speed's head as he had already dived to catch his baby girl with success. \"Damn\" he chucked his gun to the ground \"I will get revenge on you!\" he yelled as he shot out the window and ran across he front garden. Speed lay on the ground clutching baby Faythe in his arms, her emerald green eyes peering out at the world around her. Both parents let out a sigh of relief. \"What are we going to do speed?\" Trixie asked concerned. Speed was silent it worried Trixie he always had a plan but this time did him come up blank or was he as shocked she was if not worse. He was quite for 5 minutes just staring into the eyes of his child. Finally he looked up at Trixie \"You have to leave with Faythe for a new life\" Silence is sometimes a bad thing. \"What? Are you out of your head! We can get though this together!\" she screamed \"Trix you have to do this… for me for our baby!\" She lowed her head and meekly gave a nod. That night Trixie took Faythe and left Speed in hopes of protecting them both… Thank you, for reading I know you're probably thinking \"stupid person ughhh\" But o well please review And I leave you with this final message Panda Doing the Macarena ","Summary":" Speed's Daughter? Summary Basically speed and Trixie have a daughter but their threatened by Royalt"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"Times Like These","Author":"maybeyesmaybeno","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6093605","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own anything except my Racer isn't mine,I just like stories. \"I can't,Sparky.I just can't.\" The two men were in a small blue-themed the right of the doorway was a queen sized bed with blue across from the bed on the left was a dark blue space between the vanity and the bed was taken up by a woven blue rug. Sparky was standing up,staring down at was sitting on the bed,focusing on the ground as if to hide his folded his arms and asked \"What do you mean,you can't?\" Speed sighed and placed a hand over his eyes.\"I just can't do this.I'm not going to torture myself just to make everyone else happy.\" He mumbled. \"Well,you're out of luck, made a commitment,and now you have to live up to excuses.\" Sparky said with little sympathy. Speed fell backwards onto the bed and put both hands over his face.\"Can't you just say I passed out or threw up or something?\" Speed pleaded. \"No.\" \"Why?\" \"Because even if I did and everyone believed that,everything would go according to plans when you got 'better'.\" \"But...\" \"That,and lying to get out of marriage always comes back to bite you in the ass.\" \"Have you ever tried it before?\" \"Well...\" \"Sparky...\" \"No!...But it's common sense,Speed.\" Speed glued his eyes back to the sighed and sat down next to him on the bed.\"Speed?\"Sparky asked. \"Hmm?\" Speed asked. \"Do you love her?\" \"Not really,no.\" \"Then WHY did you ask her to marry you?\" \"...I don't what happened a few years ago...\" \"The Grand Prix?\" \" people saw that the found out I'd broke up with her...\" \"Oh...\" \"Yeah...\" Speed stood up and walked over to the sat down on the stool and looked at his depressed reflection in the eyes glanced over at sighed and shook his head,saying \"What am I going to do?\" Sparky looked at the ground,not knowing what to ,he looked back at Speed and said \"You know,the only way out is to face her like a man and tell her the truth.\" Speed quickly turned around and practically yelled \"Are you serious?Have you ever seen Trixie mad?\" Sparky shook his head slowly. \"Trust me,you never do!\" \"What's the worst she'll do?\" \"Sparky,if I tell her,she's going to rip my head off and put it over her mantle place!\" Sparky laughed a little and said\"Yeah,she probably would.\" Speed stood up and grabbed a bottle from the vanity and threw it at ducked out of the he sat up,he looked at Speed and said\"Dude,what was that for?\" \"You're not helping!\" Speed collapsed back onto the stool,on the verge of tears. Sparky got off of the bed and walked over to sighed and sat on the floor next to the stared miserably at the floor.\"What am I gonna do?...\" He whispered. Sparky sighed and rubbed his eyes. Speed could be really irritating at times. Sparky stood up and said \"I have an idea!\" Without looking up,Speed mumbled something that sounded like \"What?\" \"Why not just talk to her?\" Speed sighed and said through gritted teeth: \"We've already been through this, she-\" \"Just listen.\" Sparky said calmly. \"All you have to do is take her someone nice, take her by the hand, and tell her it's over. Easy as that.\" \"Yeah,easy for you to say.\" Sparky smacked himself. \"Okay,you know what? Go ahead and marry a girl you don't even love and be a miserable prick the rest of your fricking life. But don't say I didn't try to help!\" Sparky grabbed his blazer off the vanity and headed for the door. Speed jumped up from the stool.\"Sparky wait!\" Sparky stopped short right in front of the door. \"Maybe...I could just talk it out with her.I'm sure she'll understand.\" Speed said cautiuosly. Sparky turned around and smirked.\"I knew you didn't want to throw your life away like that.\" Speed smiled for the first time in weeks and said\"Yeah...well...\" \"Where do you want to meet her?\" Sparky said, cutting him off. \"What? Oh! Uh... where is she least likely to kill me?\" \"Nowhere.\" Speed walked over and smacked him.\"C'mon! Be serious!\" \"Okay okay,sorry,geez...\" They both stood for a moment in thought. \"Oh! I've got it!\" Sparky said suddenly. Speed jumped a little and said \"What?\" \"Okay,so girls like things that are\" and in his best fruity voice said \"pretty and beautiful! Right?\" Speed stared at him and said \"Please never do that to me again.\" Sparky folded his arms. \"Just said right.\" Speed sighed and said\"Right,right,where are you going with this?\" \"So just take her down to the beach and talk to her there. She'll think it's all romantic and pretty and she'll be less hard on you. It's fool-proof!\" Speed sighed and pondered Sparky's plan for a moment. Then he sighed and said \"I guess...I've got nothing left to lose...\" Sparky smacked him on the back and said \" That's the spirit!\" \"I'll go get her and tell her-\" \"NO!\" Sparky blocked the door. \"If you tell her you want to talk she'll know something's up. I'll go tell her you want to say a few words in private. It won't sound so bad coming from me.\" \"Well...if you say so...you did come up with the plan...\" \"Alright,you better get down there before everyone and their sisters comes looking for you.\"Sparky said as he opened the door and they both walked into the hall. \"Fine. Hope you don't get your head chewed off.\" Speed said as he ran down the hall. \"Good luck!\" Sparky yelled as he headed toward's Trixie's room. As he stood in front of the door,he mumbled \" Poor kid.\" and gently knocked. ","Summary":" I do not own anything except my Racer isn't mine,I just like stories. \"I can't,Sparky.I just can't"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"Speedy, You Don't Understand","Author":"M. Joseph Day","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5783439","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Speedy, You Don't Understand Chapter One: Stopping Rex Pairings: Speed/Trixie, Rex/OC Summary: Speed stops Rex from leaving. Speed watched his older brother pack a suitcase. He didn't understand why Rex was leaving him and the rest of the family behind. All Speed could do was watch pack that suitcase. \"Where are you going?\" Rex looked up at Speed. \"I just need to get out of here, Speedy.\" \"Can I come with you?\" asked Speed. Rex took a long look at his little brother. \"No.\" \"Why not?\" \"Speedy, you don't understand. I have to do this. It's better for everyone,\" said Rex. Speedy blocked the doorway from his older brother. He shook his head, tears developing in his eyes. \"No, it's not better for everyone. It's not better for me or Pops or Mom. It's not better for the baby in Mom's belly.\" Rex sighed. \"Speedy, I told you you don't understand. You don't understand any of this. I wish you could just see it the way I do.\" \"It doesn't matter how you see it, Rex,\" said Speed. \"You're still leaving your family.\" Rex had developed tears in his own eyes by now. He could just push through Speed and leave his bedroom and his family behind, but he knew it was wrong. What he was about to do was wrong. Rex dropped his suitcase. He lowered himself to his knees and hugged Speed. \"Thank you Speedy. Maybe you understand better than I thought.\" \"I love you Rex,\" said Speed. \"Love you too Speedy.\" Rex wiped his eyes and looked his brother in the eyes. \"You wanna go for a little late-night drive around the track?\" Speed nodded his head excitedly. \"Definitely.\" \"Okay. Let's go.\" Rex grabbed Speed's hand and walked out to the garage. He drove his car away from the house. Rex knew that it woke his parents, but he didn't care. They would be happy when he and Speed came back later. At the track, Rex suited up. He looked at Speed. \"Are you wearing the socks?\" Speed pointed at his feet. Rex looked down and saw the red socks. He smiled at Speed. \"Good job, Speedy. Now let's go race.\" Rex climbed into the cockpit and put Speed onto his lap. They drove for hours, until the sun was finally rising. Rex eventually stopped the car and helped Speed out. He got out of the cockpit himself and drove home. Pops stood in the driveway waiting for them, tears in his eyes. Rex stopped the car in front of him and jumped out. He ran and hugged Pops. \"I didn't leave. Speedy convinced me to stay.\" Speed smiled at Pops. Pops looked down at Speed. \"Thank you for stopping him, Speed.\" ","Summary":" Title: Speedy, You Don't Understand Chapter One: Stopping Rex Pairings: Speed/Trixie, Rex/OC Summar"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"Reclaiming Rex","Author":"Mia21","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12326493","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey everyone! Ok, so this is my first Speed Racer fic. I wrote it several years ago when the movie first came out, it's still what I imagine happening. Please read and tell me what you think! -Mia21 As the Mach 5 lurched to a halt on the Thunderhead Raceway, Speed looked over to see Racer X's car with apparently no Racer X in it. \"X? Racer X?\" he shouted, jumping out of the Mach 5. Then he heard the laughter as Racer X climbed out of his car. \"Jesus, kid, you can drive. I haven't been thrown like that in years.\" Seeing that X was alright, all the frustration came rushing back to Speed. \"What are you doing here?\" \"The inspector told me what happened. I came looking for you.' \"Why would you care?\" \"Because you're a fighter, and a friend.\" \"Why don't you just tell me the truth; you're Rex aren't you?\" Racer X's breath caught, but he tried to sound normal. \"You mean your brother.\" \"You first appeared two years after Rex died, you drive just like him, and you knew I'd be here because this is where he always used to take me. Just tell me the truth!\" 'It's time,' X thought, 'He knows already.' Slowly, so slowly, X reached up to pull his mask off. Speed licked his lips, anticipating the moment that his suspicions would be confirmed. And it came. In front of Speed stood Rex Racer, just as Speed remembered him, but he was too shocked to say anything and so for several moments the two brothers simply stared at one another. \"I knew it was you, but why have you stayed away all this time?\" Speed asked. \"It was safer for everyone if I stayed dead.\" Rex told him. \"No more. It's been ten years Rex. Come home.\" \"I can't Speed.\" Rex said, shaking his head. \"Why not?\" Speed wondered. \"Pops...\" Rex began, but trailed off \"Misses you most of all.\" Speed told him. \"Really?\" He asked. Speed nodded. \"Come home.\" Rex finally agreed, and they decided to leave Racer X's car at Thunderhead. Speed drove them both home. When they came in the door, Speed didn't know where everyone was but he heard Pops' voice from the living room. Rex signaled that he would stay by the door while Speed went to go so what Pops wanted. \"Speed?\" Pops asked. \"Yeah Pops?\" Speed asked, walking into their living room. \"Will you come sit with your old man for a minute? There's something I'd like to tell you. The first thing I want to say Speed, is I'm sorry. I should have listened to you, tried to understand.\" \"It's alright Pops-\" Speed began, anxious to tell him the news. \"No, it's not. I didn't want you to go to Cortega because I was afraid that what happened to Rex was going to happen to you. But when I got there I realized that I didn't lose Rex at Cortega, I lost him here, when I let him walk out that night thinking that a stupid motor company meant more to me than he did. My three boys are the best things I've ever done, and I want you and Spritle to know how much I love you.\" Pops sounded both happy and sad at the same time. \"We love you too, Pops, all three of us.\" Speed told him. \"What...?\" Pops asked, confused, thinking that Speed meant him, Spritle, and Spritle's monkey. But Rex came in from the hall. \"I think he means me.\" \"Rex?\" Pops asked. \"Rex!\" Mom shouted, popping up from the kitchen along with everyone else. \"Mom, Pops.\" Rex acknowledged. \"You're supposed to be dead.\" A small voice accused from behind Sparky. Rex smiled sheepishly and stared at the little brother he didn't know. \"Yes. After I testified against ARCO and he was put in jail all the other drivers wanted me out of the game. So, with the help of the Inspector Detector, the crash was faked, I went undercover, and the whole world thought I was dead.\" \"Why didn't you come to us sooner dear?\" Mom asked. \"I was afraid.\" Rex admitted. \"Oh Rex.\" Pops said, brokenhearted for his oldest son. \"I love you son.\" \"I love you too Pops.\" Rex said, finally, after ten years, hugging his father. \"Why come home now?\" Trixie asked. \"You're never going to believe this, but Speed made me.\" He said with a laugh. Mom, who was closest to Speed, wrapped her arm around him and kissed his forehead. \"Thank you sweetheart.\" Just then, the doorbell sounded. Speed opened their door as Rex stepped back, suddenly nervous of whoever could be there. \"Horuko.\" Speed said, stepping slightly back. \"Forgive me for intruding, but I had to come before it was too late. This is not a trick, I swear to you. I'm not my brother.\" She told them, reassuring all of them. \"I'm very sorry for what happened. What my father and brother did was not right, and I'm ashamed.\" Horuko told Speed who shrugged. \"It's fine. Just another lesson learned.\" Horuko shook her head. \"No, it is they who are in need of a lesson. This rightfully belongs to you.\" She told him, handing him an envelope. Speed opened it, shocked at what he found. \"An invitation to compete in the 91st annual Grand Prix.\" Speed told those who couldn't see what he had. \"My brother was planning to decline anyway. But I studied the rules very carefully. And as a member of the winning Togokahn Team, if you present this invitation on the day of the race, they must allow you to compete.\" She explained. \"I…\" Speed began, not knowing what to say. Luckily she saved him. \"You don't have to say anything. I only hope you drive as you did in Casa Cristo and you wipe the smiles from their faces.\" With that Horuko sort of bowed and showed herself out. \"We don't have a car.\" Pops said, then turned. \"Sparky!\" \"Yeah?\" He asked. \"Come on, we got work to do. The race is less than two days away. How fast did Royalton say he could build that tin can with his machines?\" Pops wondered. \"Thirty-six hours.\" Spritle offered. \"Then we'll do it in thirty-two.\" \"What happened to the Mach 6?\" Rex asked. \"Totally destroyed in Fuji.\" Speed explained. \"Ah.\" Rex said, nodding. \"You know, I suppose I should offer this to you. You were a member of the Togokahn team too.\" Speed told his brother. \"No.\" He said, shaking his head. \"I can't. Everyone still thinks I'm dead. This is your time.\" They all helped build a new Mach 6, including Rex who couldn't bring himself to give up the family he so recently got back. After working for hours, Pops brought out his secret weapon. \"Sparky? You ready?\" Pops asked. \"Ready Pops.\" He said, nodding. \"Pops, that's a Bernoulli Convergenator.\" Spritle supplied. \"Transponder schmonder. You want real kick, you go Bernoulli.\" Pops said. \"All right. Let's start her up.\" Speed climbed into the driver's seat and turned the car on, stepping on the gas several times. \"Sounds beefy, Pops.\" Speed told him. \"Yeah, I gave it a little something extra.\" Pops told him, smiling. \"Come on, let's load it up.\" Spritle requested, eyeing his watch. Before they could do as Spritle had suggested, Speed had to ask his brother something. \"Will you be there Rex?\" Speed asked, feeling like a ten year old again. \"Of course, I wouldn't miss it.\" Rex told him, rubbing his head like he used to. \"Just not as myself. Remember, I'm still supposed to be dead.\" Unsurprisingly, Royalton tried to make sure Speed couldn't drive in the Grand Prix. Luckily, The Inspector Detector saved them, threatening to shut the Prix down if Royalton refused to stand down. Then the announcement came that Speed Racer would be in the 40th and final position. Speed felt like a kid again, making the sounds of the audience screaming for him. He felt the anger from the other drivers as he left the dressing rooms, but he didn't realize how serious it was until the start of the race, when the car in front of him misfired and he was hit from behind. At that moment, he was done. He knew from then on, he would do whatever it took to make sure he finished this race. What Speed wasn't expecting was Cannonball Taylor using an illegal Spearhook to make sure he didn't finish. But when Speed saw the cameras filming the race from the poles, he made sure to show that Cannonball was cheating. When he felt his car die, Speed was suddenly very worried about finishing the race at all. \"Oh, no, no, no, don't do this!\" Speed yelled. He could hear Sparky through the headset. \"The Triple Phase Conductor's fried.\" \"Sparky, get me back in this race.\" Speed told him. \"The nickelhydrate cells are hemorrhaging.\" Sparky said. \"What do I do?\" Speed asked, wondering what Sparky would tell him. But Speed suddenly heard a new voice through his headset. \"Don't panic Speedy. Just listen, just listen to her.\" And Speed was suddenly taken back to when Rex would let him drive at the Thunderhead Raceway, and Rex told him that you had to listen to what your car was saying it needed. \"What do you need?\" He asked his car, and let his hand move on its own to the gear shaft. He moved the gear shaft into fifth gear and felt the car jump-start. And with that he was back in it, tearing up the track until there were just two cars between him and the finish. Speed rather easily passed them too, and then he was finishing the 91st annual Grand Prix, having just won first place. He could hear the crowd cheering and screaming as he got out of the Mach 6. Then he was being led toward the stage, his family and Sparky quickly by his side. \"Thank you, Speed.\" His mom told him. \"I love you sweetie. That was so beautiful.\" As he was surrounded by photographers and people waiting to speak with him, Speed noticed that someone was missing. He took Trixie aside to kiss her as he'd promised, knowing that somewhere, probably very near, Racer X was watching the younger brother he was now immensely proud of. Speed was so grateful to have Rex back, alive, and he knew his parents felt the same way. \"I'm proud of you son.\" Pops said, hugging him too. Speed was looking forward to going home and celebrating with his family that night,that was now whole again. ","Summary":" Hey everyone! Ok, so this is my first Speed Racer fic. I wrote it several years ago when the movie "},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"Chapter 2","Author":"Jordyn10408","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5399138","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Based on Speed Racer ________________________ The Next Day Trixie was outside playing with Lily while Speed was at the race track. This is your world my, darling. One world, the land and sea. My hope for you for always is that your heart will apart from me Trixie sung to Lily who smiling. She heard clapping coming from behind her. She thought it was Speed, but when she turned around it was him. \"Remember me, Trixie\", Royalton said, \" I just escaped from prision and who this little one\". \" You stay away from her, I mean it\" Trixie added while sheilding a whimpering Lily. \" If you don't tell me where Speed is, your daughter will be 6 ft under\" he said. \" No, please don't hurt Lily; Kill me instead\" Trixie begged. \" Lily is her name, since you begged me to spare her life; I'll come back tommorow\" Royalton added,\" but, if Speed isn't here, Lily dies\". He left Later That Day \" We have to keep Lily away from him\" Trixie said, \" until he's finally gone, Lily want go to the race track and neither will I\" \"But, Trixie\" Speed said. \" I'm sorry Speed, but you remember how he was with you\" she said, \" this is the only way Lily can't know about the racer track or the racing league, and even you,Speed\". \" Very well, Trixie\" he said. Trixie was leaving and Lily was looking back at her father. Lily reached out for him,but turned and left. She wimpered and layed her head on her mother shoulder. Little did she know that she would be 12 years old when she's her father again. ","Summary":" Based on Speed Racer ________________________ The Next Day Trixie was outside playing with Lily whi"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"No Air","Author":"BookwyrmGirl2009","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5553326","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: This story is a one-shot/songfic that I wrote a while back about Rex and my character, Pixie. I hope you enjoy it and I know of the knicks in the story but I will fix those. This is based on the film version of Speed Racer. Speed Racer (C) Tatsuo Yoshida No Air (C) Jordin Sparks and Chris Brown This Story, Pixie Royalton, Pixer 3 (C) Me It was a gloomy day in Thunderville's cementary but then again, when is it never? a woman in black jeans with purple stripes on random parts of it, with purple-almost-black tank top and a black leather jacket walked toward a tombstone with red roses in her hands, placing them down infront of the grave stone that read: Rex Racer A wonderful son and brother \"And boyfriend..\" she added silently underneath her breath, going on her knees, placing her hand on it, \"Hey Rex.. it's me, Pixie,\" she took her hand away from the tombstone, and lowered her eyes, \"... I'm so sorry, Rex, I wish.. I was there..\" she whispered, holding her hands infront of her, embracing them together, \"..I am so sorry..\" she began to cry abit, her light blue eyes looked at his stone, \"If I were, you'd still be alive..\" she leaned her head against it, holding it. Tell me how I'm supposed to breathe with no air Flash Back to 10 years ago Pixie was a 17 year old then, very much in love with Rex Racer, she had elbow length hair and it was purple, her light blue eyes stuck out, her attire back then was blue jeans and a white tank top. Rex was driving for his family business but then, someone approached him, Arnold Royalton of Royalton Industries, but he turned his offer down like his little brother, Speed, will do in the future. But when attempts on his family's lives and his own were endangered by the turned down offer, he left to protect them but during the whole time, the Racer family had no idea that he was with someone... a girl, Pixie. If I should die before I wake, it's because you took my breath away.. Rex took her with him so he could change the racing business, it was at Cosa Cristo where they.. well. Rex was sitting there in a chair at the table, holding his chin, thinking and Pixie walked up behind him, holding him by his shoulders, \"What's wrong?\" she whispered, rubbing his back before kissing his temple, \"Nothing,\" he got up, walking away from her. Losing you is like living in a world with no air. Oh.. Pixie watched Rex walk away with her light blue eyes, \"Why didn't you tell me?\" he asked, sounding abit upset, her eyes squinted abit, \"What are you talking about?\" she was confused. Rex looked at her with an angry face, \"Don't play coy with me,\" \"... who told you?\" she asked abit frightened, \"Oh, I don't know... Your father!\" he was upset as was his tone. Pixie walked up to Rex, touching his arm to grab it but Rex pulled it away, \"Rex, I didn't know it matter,\" \"Oh yeah, it sure as hell does,\" he looked away, walking away, placing his hand on the back of his neck, rubbing it, looking out the window, ' This is where it all ends and begins... ' he thought. I'm here alone, didn't wanna leave. My heart won't move, it's incomplete wish there was a way that I can make you understand.. \"Rex.. please,\" she said softly, tears forming in her eyes, \"I'm sorry..\" she began to turn away from Rex to walk out the door, but Rex turned around, taking her hand and she looked toward his face, into his eyes, he placed his hand onto her face, \"I love you..\" he whispered, grasping her lips with his own, holding her close as her arms wrapped around his neck, kissing him back passionately. But how do you expect me to live alone with just me? 'Cause my world revolves around you, It's so hard for me to breathe Rex held her so close to him, kissing her deeply as her hands kept on his face, kissing as he began to push her into the bedroom, closing the door behind him, locking it. They broke the kiss, looking into each other's eyes, \"... Let's make this night to remember..\" he whispered, his lips against hers when he did and her eyes looked into his, \"Yeah..\" she whispered, before he grasped her face, kissing her passionately. Tell me how I'm supposed to breathe with no air? Can't live, can't breathe with no air. It's how I feel whenever you ain't there, It's no air, no air After that special memorable night between them, the next day was the heart break one. Pixie's father, Arnold Royalton, found out about the two being together and he threatened that if Pixie didn't leave Rex, he would be killed by an accidental explosion of some kind and she had no choice but to let go of Rex. Got me out here in the water so deep, tell me how gonna be without me. If you ain't here, I just can't breathe. It's no air, no air In the evening when the sun was setting Pixie was walking out to Rex, he kissed her lips softly, holding her close before her softening eyes looked into his, forming tears, \"Whats wrong?\" Rex asked softly, his heart beginning to thump abit, \"We can't be together anymore..\" she said gently, tears streaming down her cheeks as he slowly let go of her, \"W-why?\" he asked, then his face went serious with anger, \"Oh, I see how it is. This was apart of your plan, to help Daddy ,\" he backed up as her head shook, \"No.. that's-\" \"Good-bye, Pixie, if that is even your real name, I got a race to win,\" he said with attitude, getting into his race car, driving away. Pixie held her arms, crying, \"Rex..\" No air, air. No air, air. No air, air. No air, air. Pixie watched Rex race on the TV, knowing he will be safe now but it still tore her up inside that he was gone, eyes lowered. After five minutes more, Rex had crashed in Caso Cristo's cave and her eyes widen, \"Rex!\" she screamed at the TV, before going to her father who told her that he had nothing to do with it and she screamed, \"LIAR!\" with tears running down her face, \"I can't believe I believed you..\" she ran out. I walked, I ran, I jumped, I flew. Right off the ground to float to you, There's no gravity to hold me down for real At Rex's funeral, she stood there in a black dress that she never liked to wear, and a black hat that had a black veil covering her face, looking up at Rex's coffin, then at his family, seeing Speed crying so hard against his mom and the father looked quiet but didn't talk. When they all left, she stayed, looking at it, \"I'm so sorry, Rex..\" she placed her hand on it, \"I'll make it up to you, I promise,\" she whispered. But somehow I'm still alive inside, You took my breath, but I survived. I don't know how, I don't even care. She stood up, walking away from Rex's grave, no longer the same person. She walked out of the Royalton Industries and never looked back, becoming a racer. Rex had taught her some of his knowledge on it but not much. She made her own car and it wasn't from Royalton Industries, she's a good mechanic herself and put the car together from her regular driving one, making it better and calling it: Pixer 3. Her father tried to get her back once but to no avail, leaving her alone. End Flashback Pixie stood up, her black hair flowing along the wind, \"We'll see each other again, someday,\" she whispered, not knowing that a male was hiding behind a tree, watching her. So how do you expect me to live alone with just me? 'Cause my world revolves around you, it's so hard for me to breathe \"I love you, Rex,\" she stood there, before turning around, walking toward Pixer 3 and Racer X stepped out of the shadows abit, watching her walk away, finding out a little too late that she did love him but now, he couldn't risk her life even more nor the life of his family. He stood back, returning to the shadows, watching her drive off, \"I love you too..\" he whispered underneath his breath. No air, air. No air, air. No air, air. No air, air. No more. It's no air, no air. Pixie had her helmet on, looking out at the city's road before making a turn to the right, going to Thunderhead and once there, driving fast along the track, not caring if anyone saw. No air, air. No air, air. No air, air. No air, air. Racer X watched her drive off and went into the opposite direction, \"Bye Pixie,\" he whispered, driving out of the city. No air, air. No air, air. No air, air. No air, air. The End ","Summary":" Author's Note: This story is a one-shot/songfic that I wrote a while back about Rex and my characte"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"Pudding","Author":"hOpEuLiKe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8943498","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Good Morning All! I wrote this fic because I really loved the movie. All the characters were wonderful. Now being a Leo fan, I just adored the way he portrayed his character. I thought there wasn't enough of him in the movie. So I am writing this fic, which is going to delve deeper into Sheba and his relationship, and of course straying away from the plot We can't have that crazy mess in the movie repeat itself here now can we? (Calvin's Death). I hope you guys enjoy and if you do, please Review, Follow or Fav the story so I know whether to continue updating it. Thanks for reading! :D Narration is bolded. Character thoughts are introduced with the ('). Chapter 1 A strong breeze sweeps through the fields releasing little tufts of cotton. Each and every little tuft swept away by this unexpected gust known as freedom rejoices! There is a ceremonial dance held in the sky, bouncing and twirling as freedom carries these little puffs of cotton far away from the clutches of that little shrub, and out of foreign hands that send chills down their fibers. Those little puffs of cotton will not be harvested. It will not be changed. It will always be cotton. Cotton ain't cotton if it isn't put to use. Everything as a purpose and those little bits of cotton drifting in the wind aren't free but lost. When the wind settles an the lost cotton lands, it is alone and out of place. It's a double edged sword. Freedom has that way about it. If I leave where do I do? Is there a place where a nigger won't feel out of place? \"Jim...you..you th-think she made it?\" A young field hand stutters, crouched real low, whispering hot gossip about master's play thing. \"..\" The old man before him is hesitant to answer. His head turned sideways. One eye on the cotton and the other on a brawny white man and his mascot; a loaded double barrel shotgun. He waits till the overseer march over that hill before whispering: \"Nope...she lost.\" A WEEK EARLIER \"I know about you...niggers like you. Ya little devil the way you got him wrapped. Sugar coated sweet thing the way you got him twirlin', feeling good, but under all that suga' is a rotten little nigga up to no damn good.\" \"SHEEBA!\" that unmistakable voice booms from the parlor, followed by a series of mutters about a daft, vain and spoiled girl that travel through the walls, but that don't distract the uppity nigga from his own ramblings. \"It don't got to be much. A turnt up face, anything you to do make him sour-\" \"Stephen what in the world are you doing to my nigger?\" You don't got to hear his voice to now he coming. Calvin got that way about him. He got that strong spirit that make its presence known long before his body enter the room. It's his energy that sends sparks down the back, clinging on to you, drawing you into his world. He like hot tar, once you get stuck, ya stuck for good. \"Ah it ain't shit Calvin just talking to the girl. You know ya got to keep talkin' to these creatures, keep they mind sti-sti- Calvin what's- \"Stimulated...\" \"Yea that's right stimulated. Got to stay sharpening them or they just go dull on ya.\" Sometimes I wonder who talks to him, who keeps him stimulated? Then it hits me. The devil don't need no stimulation. \"Why Sheba, talkin to Stephen got you looking a little under the weather. A short pause as he twirls his daddy's tobacco pipe between his fingers. There ain't no rest for the weak and weary. Sheba a testament to that as Calvin grabs her arm twisting it as he yanks her into a standing position. She wobbling and it's obvious this girl can't stand on her own. Calvin brace her using his one arm. He eyes her with a certain curiosity, looking her up and down. He being none too impressed sucks his teeth, while at the same time releasing his grasp, he know she gone fall, and right before she hit the ground he drawls , \"Stephen call Cora. I think my Georgia peach done gone sour.\" \"Lay her on the floor, poke and prod her, and don't stop till she speak. that's my method cuz there ain't nothing wrong with that girl. Got massa breathin down my back about a healthy nigga. \"Maybe she just tired, don't want to talk.\" 'Oh that Mary that dumb dumb Mary always saying something stupid.' Cora thinks to herself. Half her mind set on telling that girl she ain't pretty enough to be so damn stupid. \"Tired? What she got to be tired for, laying on her back? Shit... I wish someone lay me on my back. Move aside I fix this gal.\" Hot water on her face and back, dribbling and boiling as it roll down her skin. She going to have to work to stay quiet. Cora got another bucket, her legs spread, arms raised up high. Mary in the corner hands over her eyes, peeking through the slits between her fingers. She ain't slick. A threatening stance to tell that stubborn girl there ain't no mercy here. So she lets it drop, right on that ass. A tender spot, and that gets her moving and talking too. A few screams and a jerk got her upright and focused. Eyes all big and doe like. \"Now you know I on't like this harsh treatment, I don't like giving it and I sure as hell on't like taking it.\" There's a mumbling and a moaning, but no direct response. She can't help but weep about what may happen now that she is forced to see. \"No,no,no,no, I can't ...he kill me. Oh God...shit! Barely audible whispers smothered by her rocking back and forth. Clenching those hands real tight, little fist threatening to hit somebody. \"Are you alright Miss Sheba?\" Little Mary concerned, and rightfully so, because nothing could prepare them for what is to be said. \"Sheba what gotten into you girl. You scaring me?\" A comforting hand from a childhood friend comes etching toward her. Them fingers spread reaching for her, closing in on her. She backs away don't want nobody touching her, but Cora grabs her face, a soft but firm hold forcing this gal to find her mind. \"Come on Sheba tell me what's wrong. Why you shaking like you just saw the devil?\" Sheba lean in closer pressing her cool wet forehead to Cora's smooth dry one. \"Promise you won't tell?\" You can hear the desperation in her voice. \"You can't tell nobody.\" Her voice barely above a whisper. \"Mary imma need you to go get Sheba a nice clean dress to put on. You know where Bess keep the fresh laundry right?\" \"Yes ma'am.\" \"Alright, now hurry before Sheba catch a cold.\" Cora wait till Mary out of sight. \"Come on steady yourself gal and tell me what's wrong.\" \"I'm pregnant.\" There is a thick and heavy silence present throughout the makeshift slave quarter. A silence so strong that it stings and chokes the women, forcing one to make a move and Cora does. \"You damn idiot! Look at what you got yourself into! She got Sheba by the shoulders shaking the life out of her. \"Oh shit you in some deep trouble!\" Cora has a hard time biting her tongue. \"What good am I? When he find out, he'll toss me aside. Call me a useless nigger. He'll sick Marsha and her bitches on me!\" \"There are many things Calvin is capable of, as a matter of fact, I'd agree with ya. I'd say you got damn right Calvin a'feed ya to Marsha and her litter, if you was any other nigger, but you ain't just and nigga, ya his. I tell you right now if it was a toss of between you and Stephen, kill on keep one, he'd send that old cotton head to meet Jesus! Now regarding this thing here it ain't Calvin that should get you so worked up its Miss Lara. You know she a snake. A snake in that boy ear, but I don't think that enough to get him moving.\" Cora gets moving, pacing back and forth, pointer finger tapping against her chin. She start mumbling to herself and quickening her pace. As funny as it look that girl really thinking, churning that brain of hers to cough up some idea to help her friend. \"Ooh I know, I know what to do, but it ain't easy. It gonna cost you a pretty penny!\" Sheba staring at dirt can't bring herself to look at Cora. She shakes her head, \"you act like I got pennies.\" \"Oh now hush! I know you got something. Everyone know Calvin shits gold... and the way you all up in his ass, I know you caught a few coins.\" With a smirk on her face Sheba replies, \"you and the rest of those damn niggas don't know shit. Everybody who AIN'T stupid knows that men like Calvin don't carry cash!\" \"You know? I think I've had my share of looking after uppity niggers. I think you should whistle for Stephen. He probably has great advice and can help you lots; y'all both two peas in a pod anyway.\" After Cora says her piece that smirk flies off Sheba's face. She dead serious now, because this ain't no joke. She in trouble and Cora her only life line. As she start walking toward the big house, Sheba start talking. \"You know what happens to women like me, when they masters get bored with them, or find them useless?\" Cora keeps walking as if Sheba ain't talking. Humming a tune to drown her out. \"He going to wash his hands of me like I ain't shit. toss me aside, give me to one of his friends. I know Calvin he gon' try to punish me...he will send me to the fields. Everything I have...gone! No more good food, nice clothes, nights out. I'll be stripped of everything! I ain't no field nigger, and I ain't no ordinary house nigger, and I've got more than just my name. I got a place and I ain't just gonna lay down like some damn dog and let them take everything. Nobody going to laugh at me. Not Miss Lara, Calvin, Stephen, you or any of those other niggers. Because that's what y'all want. Ya'll want more than anything to see me fall. To see me in rags looking as lost and stupid as the rest of ya. Well let me tell you Cora, I ain't lost and I ain't stupid!\" Her voice was low and every word was like venom. No amount of humming could block out those words, because it rang true. Cora knew how Sheba felt. He'll everyone knew Sheba walked around like she ran the place. It must have felt good to be high in them clouds. So good that she rather die than come off that high. Cora almost feels bad, because she can understand, but Cora ain't never been so sympathetic and understanding enough to ignore when she being insulted. and on that note without hesitation, she turn on her heel to face an angry and desperate woman. \"Now I know you for a long time. We was good always good, since massa's daddy brought you here for Calvin, and I should have known better...all that spoilin' made you rotten. You forgot where you came from and who you is. Only difference between me and you is that I cook and clean to stay alive and you lie on your back! Now you ain't never been cross with me, and I know our ailment got you crazy, but if you think for one minute that you can make me feel a way about myself that ain't how I want to feel, you must have lost what little there is left of your mind!\" Unlike Cora Sheba ain't ruffled by those words. She just tired. Her head pounding...too much thinking...she was always careful. \"I always took proper measures.\" She turn around. Her back to Cora. Not talking to no one in particular, but Cora is listening. \"He been eyeing this one girl all of a sudden. She don't belong to him, but that never stopped Calvin before.\" Cora swaying back n forth. She don't know what to do. She much rather be up doing her work than fussin' about mess that don't concern her. \"I was going to say earlier before our talk went sour that you can see Tookie. She know of some herbs that'll flush it out, but as i said earlier it gonna cost you. You may lose some precious trinket, but you get to keep your job. God forbid you end up like me. Cora brush her hands against her thighs, as if wiping her hands with the whole thing. She takes her next step toward the big house and Sheba don't stop her. \"You better get back in that shack and wait for Mary to get back. Before one of these hillbillies see your tities and go crazy on you.\" -End I hope you guys enjoyed it![Chapter 2] There ain't much that Calvin doesn't see despite his aloofness. The place seems to just fucking fall apart when he disappear. Legs spread, arms hanging over the chair rest, he's tired of the bull shit. Seem like the niggers fall out of step when Lara in charge. Come home to a house full of crazies who ain't done shit right. It makes him angry, so flustered he can't even relax. 'Dammit! Where is that bitch when you need her!\" Screaming at the top of his lungs. It's a formidable trait of his. He already forgot where he sent her, who he sent her too. Don't even remember if he even spoke to the nigger. All that matters is that he wants her now, to take the edge off. Make him feel good, like he in charge, and everything running smoothly. So he can face his sister and the rest of them damn niggers with a smile on his face. - \"This is the fanciest dress I could find, Miss Sheba!\" It is in fact the most unattractive dress one of her stature could wear. A green maid's dress that's two sizes too big, a collar that ran up the throat and to top it off it is made from the scratchiest material ever put together. One look at this dress and Sheba swears they're out to get her. \"Girl are you dumb? This is a piece of shit. Fancy my ass, you going straight to hell for this Mary.\" \"I thought the green would be a nice contrast against your skin.\" Her voice is low and submissive. Mary ain't never take chastising well. \"We'll aren't you a dumb and fragile thing? Go get me something else preferably from my closet. You know where my room is right?\" \"I think so. Right b-\" \"SHEEEEEEEBA!\" \"STEPHEN GO BRING ME THAT GIRL!\" Calvin once again practicing his most formidable trait. Little Mary gasps, covers her ears and takes off running. The simple girl ain't never take well to her master. She once fainted when made the mistake of speaking directly to her. \"Wait..Mary I can't wear this!\" Sheba calls after her, but the girl is already up and over the hill. Sheba takes another look at the dress and screams at the top of her lungs. Her and Calvin are very much alike. - \"If he ain't the dumbest mother fucker I have ever had a pleasure of serving. Gon tell me to go get some damn bitch that he sent away. Five other niggers standing right there and that crazy son of a bitch gon ask me! When I find that damn bitch I'mma beat her ass. Send her straight to hell. Heh...heh the look on Calvin's face when I tell him he gon need a new wet hole.\" Stephen walk real slow. He too old to be going up and down these hills. \"Ah shit!\" Stephan stumbles and falls straight on his ass. \"Got damn! Son of a bitch!\" She's running tripping over the dress that's two sizes two large, but she can't slow down, not now not when Calvin calls. As she is making it up over the last hill leading to the big house, she hear some unsettling things. \"Nigger bitch when I find her. Imma tell Calvin a whole bunch of shit...get that bitch put in the hot box!\" \"Nice to know you think about me Stephan.\" She says interrupting the old fart from his idle threats. \"Nigga who is you? Come on over here and help my ass up.\" \"Now I know you ain't talking to me like that.\" \"...Sheba is that you? Oh yea it got to be you cuz you the only nigga that got balls enough to sass me! What the hell you got on? Looking like some cotton picking nigger.\" Sheba's got half a mind to leave him out here. Hoping he burn up in the Mississippi heat, but she'd never hear the end of it from Calvin. The closer she get the bigger that old nigga's grin get. \"Oh shit..oh ...shit you always got a way brighten my day! If Calvin ever enter you into a pony contest I'd bet my life you'd take home the ugliest nigga award!\" Sheba ain't fazed by his words, but it motivates her to continue her mission to the big house and let that old shit turn to dust. \"Oh you just going to leave me huh? That's alright your presence, seeing you like that gave me life. I.. I can climb mountains now walk..walk on water maybe. Go head girl.. Go see Calvin he waiting for you.\" The closer she get to the big house the sicker she feels. She don't want to face Calvin not in this dress and not ever. She dizzy, tired and sick. Sheba rubs at her face, and lightly taps at her hair making sure everything in place. \"I'd look a little better if I had time to put some makeup on maybe take a little nap.\" She enters the house all slow, like she never been there before. Her confidence slowly chipping away. Scared somebody will see her and start rumors... say stupid shit like she ugly and not good enough for Calvin. Maybe even go so far to say that Calvin demoted her, the proof is in that ugly ass dress she wearing. \"Damn that Mary!\" She curses under her breathe right before opening the door that will lead her straight to Calvin's room. - He's tired. Twirling his pipe between his fingers , \"nothing to do...nothing to do.\" He jumps up from his chair determined to do something productive. Something to take his mind off of sex until Sheba get here . \"Damn that girl for making me wait.\" He musters rubbing his beard. He catches his reflection in the corner of his dresser mirror, \"Hmm seems like my beard looks a little unkempt. \"I'll ask Stephen to give it a trim later.\" \"If you ask me, I say you should cut that shit off. Makes you look old.\" Sheba makes an appearance in his doorway slightly surprising Calvin. \"Now..now Sheba I think it makes me look sophisticated .\" He continues to pet his beard. Not bothering to look at the woman behind him. Sheba takes this time to peel of this hellish dress before he can notice. Calvin will catch a case if he see that anywhere near his pony. \"I'll cut it off while you sleep that solves everything.\" She purrs. Calvin likes it when she sass him, makes horny eager to dominate the out of turn nigger. Kicking the dress under the bed, she saunters her way to Calvin. \"Bite your tongue gal, last thing I need is my property threaten to take away my charm.\" He chuckles. Shea draws her arms around his waist pressing her breast against him. \"Why you kept me waiting so long?\" Calvin musters between kisses. \"Back up and let me admire your fine ass.\" She hated this about Calvin. He always wanted to look at her. I made her feel uncomfortable like he is looking to pick at her . \"Hmm.. Sheba you are beautiful, a sight for sore eyes. \" his eyes slowly make their way up and down her body. He looks thoroughly pleased until... \"Eat much lately Sheba?\" Calvin's face begins to bunch up. He is none too pleased with Sheba's less that flat stomach. \"You just been helping yourself in the kitchen while I wasn't around weren't you? I can't have a fat pony.\" On the outside she is calm and collected but on the inside she is burning up! Fear and nausea consume her. 'My stomach ain't fat. It's just a little pudgy but that's because of the ba-' \"Sheba what in the hell!\" Calvin shrieks as Sheba throws up all over Calvin's Persian rug. \"CORAAAA!\" Hi everyone! Thanks for the reviews. I changed what would have been bolded to italicize like some have suggested. I hope it makes reading it much easier. I wrote this chapter very quickly, because I have been meaning to have the second chapter up a week ago, but couldn't get around to it. I hope you guys enjoy this chapter, and if you do or don't for whatever reason, please do not hesitate to review and tell me how I could improve. Thanks again![Chapter 3] Cora thinks back on her relationship with Sheba, as Calvin once again calls her to aid his girl. …. \" She used to be the sweetest girl. Sweet like molasses; until he scooped her up and changed her. Now she sour. Maybe it was the things he made her do that drove her to kill herself. To murder that sweet girl and replace her with something cold and dead. I remember he'd leave her sore and limping back to her quarter; she never slept in his bed. He wouldn't have it. He'd call for her, send me or the ole' goat to fetch her. Once inside I'd hear her beg not to do that one thing, anything but that one thing. She was always scared at first, hesitant because she was so sweet and young. It started off with a whimper and a cry so strong that I've contemplated pulling her from underneath him, but then came that soft moan barely above a whisper. And it got louder and louder begging him to keep at it, because it felt soo good. She so ashamed. Sad that he could make her feel so good. Angry he got that power over her. There ain't one part of her he hasn't seen or dominated. They at it for hours. I listened at the door, but I ain't ashamed about what I did. Listening to his grunts and moans reminds me that he just a man. No different than the ones he bought and sold. When she came out, I'd watch her limp back to her quarters. Her tear drops stained the floor, a little trail of sadness followed behind her. I watched them dry up in that wood only to be replaced by fresh ones tomorrow. Dirty sheets...we could never wash them fast enough, every morning new sheets to kill the memory. One night he didn't call for her. Instead he went to her bed. In the slave quarter it housed us three: Ma, her and myself. His presence didn't scare me. I expected him to do this. To break her even further. He stepped over Mama Adele, and was as quiet as a mouse. His aim was not to wake the old slave, not yet. He called out to the girl beneath him. \"Sheba..\" She stirred in her sleep. I lay silent; watched his movements in the darkness. I couldn't take my eyes off him, as he shed his clothes. Mama Adele to his left snoring softly. He's down to just his trousers. Leaning over the girl, he pressed a knee between her legs. He grabs her hand rubbing it slowly. Her hands were always so soft. My eyes grow in the dark. I tried desperately to see. I steal a glance at Ma who shifts in her cot. Before I turned my head I heard her speak in a shrilled voice. \"Calvin!\" He grunts in response as he used her hand to rub himself. She wriggled beneath him. Her head moved frantically about. She tried to be quiet, but she couldn't calm down. \"Stop! Please not here. Let's go outside. Please st...stop. Calvin!\" I rise from my cot. I wanted her to know I was awake and watching. She screamed when she saw me move. It was drove her mad to know I saw her this way. Calvin had her pressed against him. He's laughed...chuckled into her shoulder, as he pulled up her dress. Mama is up now too. Her hand searched for the lantern and a match to light. \"What's going on! Sheba? Cora? Who's there?\" Sheba's cried out, begged Calvin not to do this one thing. He's didn't listen. Too concerned about what he wanted.. A spark of fire and the picture became clear. Calvin forcing himself inside her. Her holding back a scream while burying her face in shame. Mama screamed, but kept her distance. There was a look of horror on Sheba's face as he pounded into her, forced her to accept him. \"Get off Calvin! Stop!\" She beat at him, anything to distract him; to make him stop. Mama and I just watched. Mama couldn't stop the tears from falling. There is nothing she could have done to save this girl. I wanted to laugh. She deserved it after all. She had it easy. No one ever beat her. She never worked. All she did was lay on her back. I stared at her, narrowed my eyes so I could really focus on that face of hers; watching it contort as Calvin's thrust became more powerful. I waited for those screams to turn to moans of pleasure. Wondered how long she could hold out. That field boy doesn't want her now. He can hear them fucking; the wood is thin. But just in case he didn't' know. I'd tell him. Ma will talk to, and everyone will know she just a wet hole. She not like us at all. She bucked her hips against his in a rhythmic motion. She couldn't help it. Her body spoke for her, responded to his, while giving her what she needed. Her eyes closed. I was waiting for the moans to start. I couldn't take my eyes off them. Neither could ma, as she balled up her fists. Ma really liked that girl, thought she was the sweetest thing. I smiled when the little moans escaped from barely parted lips. I watched as her hands frantically searched for something to hold on to. I watched as lanterns in neighboring quarters lit up, all awakened by the sounds of them fucking. Ma ran out. I sat there and watched. I just wanted everyone to know she is a dirty whore. …. \"Cora I thought I told you to fix this gal! Look at my rug! God Damn It!\" Okay so this was not even a chapter. It was a sub-chapter. I just thought it important to delve into the relationship between Cora and Sheba a little. I wanted there to be this kind of love hate relationship, where Cora doesn't care for Sheba because of her lack of \"slave duties\" and her attitude. I think I will flesh it out a little better in late chapters. I hope you guys enjoy this little snippet. I should update again this weekend. As always tell me what you guys think, and what areas I can improve on. ","Summary":" Good Morning All! I wrote this fic because I really loved the movie. All the characters were wonder"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"Cooper's Gold","Author":"TheFriendlyStranger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9371786","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This here is my first go at a Django Unchained fanfiction. Credit for this idea goes to Superfan44, and I am just attempting to bring his challenge/idea to life. I'll also apologize for how close this chapter follows script, though I couldn't find the direct movie script or clips long enough to show the whole scene, so it might not be exact in the parts where I didn't directly change the dialogue and actions. Warning: Due to the film's language and how close this fic will be following the movie at some points, the N-word will be used. I am simply using it for Canon, I do not in any way, shape, or form like the word, nor do I use it outside of this fic. I am willing to bump ratings if it bothers enough people, but for now I am putting this as fair warning. Cooper's Gold ... Chapter One Mud was a beautiful horse, Elijah knew so. The animal was well built, his coat a light brown that seemed to drop into a darker brown around his under belly and legs. Yes, Elijah liked the horse and felt slightly bad that he wasn't able to give the animal a more creative name. Mud. Yet, in a way, the name grew on him. Regardless, Mud was an old horse, and Elijah could almost feel the frustration from the animal he rode on. The sun had disappeared for the night, darkness clung tightly to the trees and area around Elijah. He could hear the wheels of the waggon only a few feet in front of him, Elijah wanting to be closer to it and the lantern that swayed with each bump. Yet, Mud could only keep up a good trot for a few moments until he would give up with a snort and fall back to a slower trot that allowed King to gain some distance from Elijah and his tired horse. With a light growl, Elijah dig his heels into the sides of his horse, the animal letting out some protest as he closed the distance between King's cart and Elijah. \"Schultz,\" Elijah called out, making the older man peer around the cart towards him, \"I don't think my horse is going to take much more of this.\" \"Ah, well I hope he will be able to continue on, as I believe we are closing in on the Speck brothers,\" King said, looking out ahead of him once again as Elijah managed to keep his horse along side the cart. \"And you believe that they might have a slave from the Carrucan Plantation with em'?\" \"I believe they do, though I can't say for certain that the mentioned slave will have knowledge of the Brittle brothers.\" Elijah nodded his head, Mud letting out a frustrated snort as he slowed his pace slightly. Elijah placed his hand on the horse's neck, as if the gesture would be enough to keep the animal going. Eventually, after a couple more minutes of riding through the dark, Elijah spotted something shiny behind one of the trees. He frowned, narrowing his eyes slightly as the object revealed itself to be the light from a lantern. \"Is that them?\" he asked, glancing down at King. The older man lifted his head higher, a grin passing his face. \"I believe so,\" he glanced up at him, \"now, allow me to do the talking. If things get hostile, I suspect that you will have my back?\" \"I always do, Schultz.\" King nodded his head, the two riding towards the slavers at a somewhat leisurely pace, Elijah adjusting the hat on his head with one hand as he started to see the figure of the two men and the slaves behind them. He frowned at the sight, though not quite phased by the sight. He had seen slaves all his life, though didn't harbour any ill feeling towards them. If anything, he felt a little bit of guilt. Still, Elijah would protect them for the sake of information if it came down to it. It didn't take long before one of the Speck brothers noticed the two, Elijah's hand drifting down towards his pistol hidden under his blazer. \"Who's that stumblin' around in the dark?\" one of the Speck brothers called out towards them, \"state yer business or prepared to get winged!\" \"Calm yourselves, gentlemen,\" King called out in a soothing voice, pulling his cart to a stop, \"we mean you no harm. I am Dr. King Schultz, and this is my horse, Fritz,\" Fritz bowed his head in greeting upon hearing his name, \"and the man beside me is Elijah Cooper and his horse, Mud.\" \"What kind of doctor?\" one of the brother's asked, Elijah taking notice of his hand on his gun. Elijah felt the need to have his hand on the pistol at his side as well, but decided that he would just draw attention to himself. \"A dentist,\" King answered simply, \"now, are you the Speck brothers? Did you purchase those men at the Greenville slave auction?\" \"So what?\" \"So...I wish to parley with you.\" \"Speak English.\" King let out a chuckle, \"I apologize, it is a second language. Now, amongst your inventory I am lead to believe that you have a specimen I am keen to acquire,\" King stood up on his cart to address the slaves that stood, chained, behind the Speck brothers, \"hello you poor devils! Is there someone amongst you who was formally a resident of the Carrucan Plantation?\" Elijah continued to remain silent, sitting atop his horse as one of the Speck brothers kept glancing over at him. He could sense a building hostility, though with the way things seemed to be doing, Elijah hoped that they would be able to get this slave and continue on without much of a fight. \"I'm from the Carrucan Plantation,\" one of the slaves called out, rather quietly. King hopped down from his cart, grabbing the lantern as he started to walk forward. \"Who said that?\" he asked, walking up to the line of slaves, holding his lantern up to the faces of the ones he passed before he paused before one of them. \"What is your name?\" he asked, the man in front of him pausing before answering. \"Django.\" \"Then you are exactly the one I am looking for,\" King said, \"do you know who the Brittle Brothers are?\" Django nodded his head, \"Big John, Ellis, Roger- sometimes they call him Lil Raj. They was the overseers of the Carrucan Plantation.\" \"Not anymore,\" Schultz said, \"tell me, if you were to see those three gentlemen again, would you be able to recognize them?\" \"Hey!\" one of the Speck brothers called out, interrupting Django and King's conversation, \"stop talkin' to him like that.\" \"Like what?\" King asked, turning to look over at him with a quizzical expression on his face. \"Like that .\" \"My good man, I am simply trying to ascertain-\" King started, being interrupted once again. \"Speak English, God damn it!\" Elijah's hand drifted under his jacket, gripping his pistol as he prepared himself to shoot if he had to. Schultz seemed to have noticed that as well, giving Elijah a look as he seemed to address both him and the Speck brothers. \"Everybody calm down ,\" he stressed, holding his hands up slightly, \"I am simply a customer trying to conduct a transaction.\" \"I don't care,\" one of the brothers stated, Elijah's hand still on his pistol, \"no sale. Now, off with ya.\" \"What do you mean, of course they are for sale.\" \"Move it!\" Elijah noticed the man raised his rifle towards King, Elijah removing his pistol from its holster, pointing it towards the other brother, who was also focused on King. He wondered if he should keep one alive, seeing as they may need to speak with one of them. With a slightly saddened expression, he lowered his pistol towards the head of the man's horse instead. \"Now,\" King said, raising his hands once again as he found himself facing the barrel of the rifle, \"have you simply gotten carried away with your dramatic gesture, or are you pointing that rifle at me with lethal intention?\" \"Last chance, fancy pants,\" the rifle barer growled, Elijah pulling the hammer of his pistol back with a click. The Speck brother that wasn't addressing King, started to turn himself around at the sound. \"Oh, very well,\" King said with a disappointment, dropping his lantern quickly and whipped out his pistol, two shots ringing out quickly as King shot the man in front of him, and Elijah shot the horse out from under the other. The horse collapsed onto the ground, crushing the remaining brother's leg under its dead weight. He let out a yawl of pain as Elijah hopped down from his own horse, glancing towards King as he walked towards the remaining brother. \"Nice shot, Elijah,\" King said, the younger man giving him a slight frown. \"I don't like shootin' horses.\" \"Yes, of course,\" King said quickly, glancing down at the yelling man under his dead horse, \"now, I am sorry my associate had to shoot your beast, but we had to do something so you wouldn't do anything rash before coming to your senses.\" \"You sons of bitches, you shot Roscoe! You killed Ace!\" \"I only shot your brother once he threatened me, and Elijah acted accordingly because his life was threatened as well,\" King said, \"I do believe that I have...\" King turned and started to count out the slaves standing behind them, \"one, two, three, four, five witnesses that can attest to that fact.\" \"You busted my leg!\" \"Won't be the only thing busted if you don't stop your yellin' and bitchin',\" Elijah stated, \"your already adding to my headache.\" \"Fuck you!\" \"Now, now,\" King said, stepping in, \"please, do not mind Elijah here, he has had a long day. Now, if you could keep your caterwauling down to a minimum, I would like to continue my conversation with young Django here.\" \"I'll keep him quiet,\" Elijah muttered, the remaining Speck brother letting out a loud yell and cursed the both of them as King walked back towards Django. Elijah let out a growl, giving a swift kick to the side of the pinned man's head. King turned to glance back towards them for a few moments once he reached Django again before turning to the slave, \"now, as I was saying, if you were to see the Brittle Brothers again, you would be able to recognize them?\" \"Yes,\" Django answered. \"Sold American!\" King exclaimed, turning back towards the other two men, \"so, Mr. Speck, how much for Django here?\" \"Go to Hell!\" he exclaimed. \"Don't be silly. How much for Django?\" \"Eight hundred dollars!\" \"Oh, come now, I may not have much experience in the slave trade, but I wasn't born yesterday,\" Schultz said, he glanced at Elijah, \"Elijah, you seem to be more educated on such things. Tell me, what do you think is a reasonable price for Django?\" Elijah glanced over towards Django, studying him for a few moments before glancing back at King, \"I'd say about two hundred and...twenty-five dollars.\" \"Great, thank you Elijah,\" King said, then glanced down at the man under the horse, \"I'd also like to purchase your brother's nag, seeing as he won't be needing it anymore. Now, as for a bill of sale...\" King walked towards the remaining horse, digging around in the sacks and bags that hung off the saddle before he pulled out a pad of paper. \"Oh, Elijah, will you unshackle Django there while I finish this? I believe the key should be on Ace's person.\" Elijah walked towards the body of Ace, bending down and started to dig through the dead man's jacket before gripping something metallic. He pulled it out, the keys jingling as he picked up a lantern and walked towards the slaves. He felt his heart squeeze slightly with guilt as he took in the condition of the slaves, noticing some of them shivering in the cold air and the shackles bound to their ankles. Elijah walked towards Django, taking a moment to look at the man before he started to unlock the the shackles around his hands and feet. \"I know you,\" Django said, his voice still soft, but held some sort of hardness to it. Elijah glanced up at him, a small smile crossing his face. \"That is unfortunate,\" he said, \"as I am sure I was a different man back when you first saw me. Though, I am not that man, I never was. Now, I would go get Speck's jacket while Schultz finishes up here.\" Elijah turned on his heel and walked back towards his horse, not noticing Django's suspicious gaze as he watched the man return to the horse that stood by the cart. \"That is Django with a silent D, right?\" Schultz asked, glancing towards the unshackled man as he walked towards the dead Speck brother. \"Huh?\" \"Don't you dare touch my brother!\" the remaining Speck yelled out towards Django, who paused before the dead Speck. Slowly, he started to walk back towards the other brother, standing above him for a few moments before he stomped his foot down on the horse, adding pressure to Speck's already broken leg as he let out a loud and painful cry before Django lifted his foot off and grabbed Ace's coat, walking over to the only unoccupied horse left. Elijah strode past him on his horse, lantern held out in front of him as Schultz climbed back up onto his waggon. He rode towards the remaining slaves, stopping beside them. \"Now, for you poor devils,\" he said, tossing the key towards one of them, \"now, as I see it, you have two choices. The first being that you lift that beast off that man over there and carry him to the nearest town, which is thirty seven miles back the way you came. The second being that you unshackle yourselves, pick up that rifle there,\" King pointed towards the rifle in the hands of the slave he had asked to hold it when he was talking with Django, \"you put a bullet in his head, bury him deep enough, and make your way towards a more enlightened part of the country. The choice is yours.\" King started to pull on the reigns on his horse, but paused and added, \"oh, and if there's any astronomy aficionados amongst you, the North Star is that one,\" King said, pointing towards the brightest star in the sky, \"Ta ta.\" His cart jerked forward, King seeing Elijah riding off ahead of them quite a bit. The lantern that he carried with them seemed to be getting dimmer with his distance. \"Elijah!\" King called out to him, raising his hand once the man turned to glance back at him, \"would you be so kind as to share some of that light with us?\" Elijah let out a small sigh, pulling Mud to a stop as he waited for King and Django to catch up. He muttered an apology to his friend as he started to ride alongside the cart. He could only hope that sleep would be the next destination King had in mind. He didn't feel like dealing with more slavers and shooting any more horses.[Chapter 2] A/N: I am sorry for the long wait for this chapter. The format of this will be that we will be switching between Elijah and Grace every chapter or so. I'm also going to see about updating this quicker than I have been. Anyway, here is the second chapter and I hope you all enjoy it. Warning: Due to the film's language and how close this fic will be following the movie at some points, the N-word will be used. I am simply using it for Canon. I do not in any way, shape, or form like the word, nor do I use it outside of this fic. I am willing to bump ratings if it bothers enough people, but for now I am putting this as fair warning. Cooper's Gold ... Chapter Two She wanted to say that she was indifferent to it all. That being raised from a young age on a plantation; no Candieland , would have left her believing that seeing the slaves being mistreated was normal. That was not the case for Grace, she felt a sense of guilt at seeing the scared expressions on some of the house slaves faces, or to see just how trapped they were. It just reminded her of how trapped she was, leading the life of a plantation owner's daughter, who was expected to smile politely and be...happy. To be honest, she was surprised nobody questioned her relation to her father, Calvin Candie. There was no family resemblance between the two of them. Calvin had dark brown hair, his sister, the woman Grace was forced to call her aunt, had curly blonde hair. Then, there was grace, dark red hair and striking green eyes. Still, nobody questioned it and Calvin was all to happy to keep the facade that she was of his own blood, the idea alone making Grace's skin crawl slightly. He was her adoptive father, something Grace was all to happy to remind him of during her early teenage years, but she started to just tell him what he wanted to hear after being at the receiving end of his anger. Pissing him off was something she didn't like doing anymore, not after the incident with the stairs and receiving a few slaps to the face, ones that left rather ugly bruises sometimes. ...She needed to leave. \"Are you even listenin' to me?\" The slightly sharp voice of her \"aunt\" Lara broke Grace's thought train, her eyes moving away from the front gates of Candieland and back towards her. Her and Lara sat at a table, an untouched cup of tea sitting in front of her while Lara held her's in her hands, a concerned look on her face. \"I apologize,\" Grace said quickly, folding her hands in her lap as she turned her gaze on Lara, \"there is a lot on my mind.\" \"Well, Darlin', do share,\" Lara said, giving her a smile, \"we are family here.\" \"Right...\" Grace whispered to herself, reaching out to pick up her cup of tea, her fingers lingering on the handle of the cup for a few moments, clearing her throat as she continued, \"I am just a little nervous about seeing Cal- I mean, Papa today.\" \"Oh, you're still stressin' about your little tiff? That was a week ago, Gracie, I am sure Calvin has forgotten all about it by now. If anythin', he will probably be thrilled to see you again.\" \"I guess so,\" Grace muttered, taking a few sips from the now cold tea. The little \"tiff\" that she had with Calvin wasn't little by any means. Grace usually had a hold on her words, choosing to bite them back and bottle them in. Now that she thought about it, that was probably the issue. There was so much she wanted to say, yet stayed silent and kept building on them until she couldn't take it anymore. A week before Calvin left for business, Grace had found out that he sold a slave that had been a personal helper to her for a very long time. The woman had been like a mother figure to her, someone she grew close with, and when she found out like she had been sold off like an object...she just snapped. Words flew, she even got close to striking Calvin, but he got to her first. It was a few days before the bruise started to fade from her cheek in the slightest, which left her with more powder on her face than what she was used to, her cheek still tender to the touch. It was the hardest slap she had ever received. \"If you didn't rile him so, he wouldn't need to punish you so much,\" Lara said, her blue eyes locked on her own. Grace felt some irritation at the remark, how she viewed her as being the one to always make Calvin angry, like she wanted to be slapped or threatened. \"You're right, Lara,\" Grace said, trying to keep up her indifferent tone that she usually used, but a biting tone managed to slip out, \"I really should be more careful.\" The southern belle in front of her just turned her head away thoughtfully towards the gates, Grace watching her with mild interest. She never really understood why Lara was always so...excited to see Calvin after he has been away. If anything, Grace looked forward to the times he was away, she took those times to gather herself again after a fallout. She played with the handle on her tea cup thoughtfully, waiting for Lara to dismiss her yet again. Grace had always hated tea. It was a little past mid-day when Calvin returned back home, Grace standing dutifully beside Lara as he greeted the both of them with a happy and overly excited shout. It was the normal greeting they got when he returned, Calvin greeting Lara with a peck on the lips that made Grace a tad uncomfortable. She forced herself to give him a beaming smile when he approached her, one that made her cheek burn slightly, giving him a quick kiss on the cheek. \"Ah, a sight for tired eyes, as always,\" Calvin said with a grin, showing off his disgusting teeth, placing a hand on Lara's cheek and turned towards Grace, \"I want to have a chat with you, Gracie.\" \"Of course, Papa,\" Grace said, glancing towards Lara as she smiled and left after saying a few words to Calvin. Grace tried not to tense when she felt Calvin's hand on her back, leading her towards his study. \"Anything interesting happen while I was gone?\" he asked, glancing down at her as Grace shook her head. \"No, aside from more etiquette lessons from Aunt Lara,\" Grace said softly, stopping inside Calvin's study as he took a thoughtful drag from his cigarette. She watched as he blew the smoke out of his mouth, the smell of smoke making her want to crinkle her nose. \"Oh? What is she teachin' you now?\" Grace held her pinkie up, a small grin crossing her face, \"tea party etiquette. We are supposed to have a small one every day, just me and her.\" \"You two could use some more bonding anyway,\" Calvin said, sitting down on one of the couches of his study, gesturing that she sit beside him, \"Bless her, but I do believe that she needs some more company.\" Grace only nodded wordlessly, sitting down beside him, though she tried to sit as far away as she could without it being too noticeable. To be honest, she could care less about Lara and had no interest in getting to know the woman better, but she forced herself to go in case Calvin decided that he would be offended if she didn't. She jumped when she felt Calvin prod at her cheek with his free hand, his expression slightly serious as she rubbed the powder from his fingers, cigarette hanging out of the side of his mouth. Grace narrowed her eyes slightly at the action, trying not to move farther away from him. \"That left quite the mark, didn't it?\" Calvin asked, \"still sore, from the looks of it. I do apologize for hittin' you so hard, though it makes you think twice about talkin' back to me, don't it?\" Grace watched as Calvin took a drag from the cigarette, her hands curling at her sides. Choke on it and die already, she thought angrily, dragging her tongue across the bottom of her teeth, biting down on it in her restraint from saying the thought out loud. \"Yes, sir,\" she spat out after a few moments, looking away from him towards the bookcase for a few moments. \"I believe you have some anger issues,\" Calvin continued, glancing over at her, \"something neither Lara or myself have taught you.\" \"Anger issues?\" Grace asked slowly, running her hands across her knees slightly. She certainly was angry at the moment, after what he had said about the slap, but anger issues ? The only issues I have involve fuckin' Calvin J. Candie and his fuckin' plantation. \"You ever thought of takin' up Mandigo fightin'?\" Calvin asked offhandedly, like what he had just suggested didn't involve watching grown men, slaves , forcing themselves to kill each other with their bare hands. \"N-No, I...I have never thought about doin' that,\" Grace said quickly, looking at him with wide eyes. Calvin let out a chuckle at her alarmed expression, raising his hands slightly. \"Now, I know what you are thinkin',\" Calvin said, grin on his face, \"the Mandigo business is a little messy, and I agree, it would be difficult seein' a woman takin' part in it, but you have no idea how satisfying it is to watch a fight. I believe it could help with your anger.\" \"I don't know if that would be the right thing for me, Papa,\" Grace said softly, completely shocked at what he was suggesting. \"Well, do think about it, Darlin',\" Calvin said, \"since you don't seem to be lookin' into gettin' married, it leaves me believing that when I pass on, you'll be the one runnin' the plantation and managing my Mandigo fighters. It would be wise you start takin' an interest in the family business.\" \"Of course,\" Grace said quickly, trying not to stutter, \"I'll keep that in mind.\" \"Great,\" Calvin said, standing. Grace stood with him, itching to be out of the study and away from him, \"now, it has been a long journey and I want to rest my tired eyes before supper.\" \"Of course, Papa,\" Grace said, giving him a smile that struggled to stay on her face. \"It's always great to see you, Gracie,\" Calvin said, placing a hand on her bruised cheek lightly, \"we'll get you sorted out, don't you worry.\" \"...Thank you.\" Grace watched as Calvin left the study, leaving her standing in the room by herself. Once he was gone, she let her facade fall and her mouth popped open slightly. \"Get me sorted out !?\" she asked to nobody in particular, her hand moving up to her mouth, \"he's the one who needs to be sorted out.\" She paced back in forth, running over the things that had been said. If there was one thing she never wanted to be in control of, it was Candieland. Anger was no excuse to watch two people fight to the death for the entertainment of other people, it was a sick business and one that Grace wished Calvin would get out of. Her anger was never a problem, at least, it wasn't until recent years. Still, no amount of death or fighting would give her any amount of relief. If anything, it would just add to the nightmares she has every now and then. \"There is no way Lara would approve of this...\" she muttered to herself, \"no proper lady would sit by and take enjoyment in such a brutal thing.\" \"Miss Grace?\" a timid voice called out to her from the door, making Grace whip around and look at the speaker. One of the house slaves stood at the door, her hands folded in front of her as she looked at her. Grace noticed that a lot of the slaves seemed rather comfortable to look at her longer than Calvin or Lara, though the woman looked away after a few moments. \"Is everything alright?\" she asked, Grace realizing that she must have seen her talking to herself. \"Oh, yes! Yes, everything is fine, Hilde, I'm sorry for keeping you from your work,\" Grace said quickly, giving her a small smile as she walked towards the door, Hilde looking up as she passed. \"Are you sure?\" \"Yes,\" Grace said, nodding her head, \"do let me know when dinner is ready.\" \"Yes, Miss Grace.\"[Chapter 3] A/N: Here is Elijah's chapter, which follows script quite closely. Until Django and Schultz start getting mixed up with Calvin, it might be that way. Still, I do try and throw in some \"original\" scenes where I can. Anyway, here is is! Warning: Due to the film's language and how close this fic will be following the movie at some points, the N-word will be used. I am simply using it for Canon, I do not in any way, shape, or form like the word, nor do I use it outside of this fic. I am willing to bump ratings if it bothers enough people, but for now I am putting this as fair warning. Cooper's Gold ... Chapter Three There were nights were Elijah lay awake, usually laying on his side and staring off into space, or on his back and looking up at the sky. He couldn't exactly pin point where the insomnia came from, but when it did, there was no way he would be able to get any shut eye. During those nights, he would spend time planning, thinking about the current bounty he and King would be currently hunting, or he would pull out the small paper he keeps in his brown overcoat and read over the scribbled words there. With a slight sigh, he sat up from his spot on the ground and reached out towards where his boots lay, abandoned, by the blanket we was using as a mattress. He could never sleep with the damn things on, anyway. Taking his time to flip each of them over, shaking out whatever little critter could have crawled into them, he glanced over towards the sleeping forms of King and Django. Elijah wasn't entirely too sure what King was going to do with the slave, but he trusted the older man and knew that he must have had an idea as to why he bought Django. Django was rather quiet, he only spoke a handful of times during the ride towards Daughtrey, usually simple and quick answers to the questions King would ask him. Elijah picked up on the sense of...hostility Django had towards him, which was understandable. Elijah's father, Will Cooper, had been a somewhat infamous slave trader, most slaves were brought by his father on their way to Greenville. Elijah wanted nothing to do with the business, but at that time he had been his father's only son. It resulted in him showing his face around some of the slaves, more so the plantation owners. Still, the past is the past. He was rather ashamed of it, but he was trying to find some sense of redemption through this bounty hunting business, and Elijah couldn't have landed himself a better mentor than Dr. King Schultz. Still, Django seemed to recognize him from somewhere, Elijah would catch him looking with a somewhat suspicious look on his face, though Elijah didn't try to force his companionship on Django. If anything, Elijah didn't force his friendship or company on anybody . He was never that social, anyway. Elijah just sat on his horse, brown eyes peering out from under the brim of his brown duster, his mouth naturally set in a frown, a few scars on his face from his battles. Though, he wasn't exactly the toughest looking fellow, he was lean but had a hidden strength to him. With a sigh, he tossed his boot back onto the ground after giving it a good shake, his usually clean-shaven face darkened with dirt and grime, the starts of a moustache appearing just above his upper lip, something he hoped to get rid of soon. A bath would be great, too. At least his white undershirt, black vest, and brown trousers were...somewhat clean. Pulling his hat down over his eyes, he leaned back on his blanket and closed his eyes, tucking his arm under his head and listened to the crackling of the slowly dying fire. Tomorrow'll be a better day, Elijah thought to himself. His eyes were closed, but he never really fell asleep. The town of Daughtrey was like every other little town Elijah had rode through, he probably wouldn't have had to lived there his whole life to know where everything was, though the promise of an Inn was enough to put a small smile on his face. What Elijah wasn't used to was the gawking, how the townsfolk would stop in what they were doing to watch them go by, jaws slacked. Or, more so, Django got gawked at. He rode along, sitting tall on his horse, Tony, while King rode along in his waggon with the bobbing tooth on top, Elijah trailing a little bit behind the two of them because his temperamental horse didn't feel like being ridden that day. \"What is everybody staring at?\" King asked Django, Elijah managing to get Mud to ride up along side them. \"Ain't nobody seen a nigger on a horse before,\" Django replied, Elijah glancing around at the faces of the people they passed, heading towards the Inn. Once they reached their destination, Elijah hopped off his horse rather quickly and started to lead him towards the post, hitching him there as the horse pulled at the reigns slightly. Elijah, in his sleepless state, let out a frustrated growl, making sure the animal was tied down tight so he wouldn't run off. Mud seemed to calm slightly, though, letting out a snort. \"He doesn't like to be tied down much, doesn't he?\" King asked, giving Mud a small grin as Elijah reached up to remove his hat, scratching at his black hair. \"He doesn't like me ,\" Elijah muttered, following King and Django into the Inn. \"Nonsense,\" King said, \"that horse is just as stubborn as you are. I doubt there could be a better horse for you.\" Elijah didn't give a reply to that, though the small smile that crossed his face proved that he seemed to agree. He came to a stop beside King as he watched the Innkeeper working on a light above the table. \"Good morning, innkeeper!\" King greeted cheerfully, \"three beers for three weary travellers.\" \"Still a bit early,\" the innkeeper said, not turning around to address them as he spoke, \"we won't be open for another hour or so. By then we will be serving breakfast-\" he had finished what he was doing with the light and turned around partly to continue talking, but his expression changed to one of alarm when he saw them, \"whoa, whoa, whoa! What the hell do you think you are doing, boy? Get that nigger out of here!\" The light behind his head swayed with his sudden movement, hitting him in the back of the head as he waited for the three of them to react. Elijah took a glance towards King, raising his eyebrows slightly as Django continued to stare down the Innkeeper. The man jumped down from his table, Elijah stepping out of his way as he raised past them, probably going to fetch a lawmen to deal with them. So much for a bath and a bed, Elijah thought to himself, walking towards a table and sat himself down, listening to King shout after the Innkeeper about getting the sheriff and not the marshal. \"Alas,\" King said as he walked back into the Inn, \"we will have to act as our own bartender.\" Django took a seat across from Elijah as King headed towards the bar, Elijah trying to stifle a yawn. \"What kind of dentist are you?\" Django asked, looking over towards King, who let out a laugh as he started to pour them some beer. \"Despite that cart, I haven't practised dentistry in five years,\" he replied, \"I practice a different kind of profession these days. Bounty hunting. Do you know what a bounty hunter is?\" \"No.\" Elijah glanced towards the window, checking for anything out there. He was getting a little more nervous, wondering where that innkeeper had ran off to. He glanced back as King approached their table, pausing to make a reprimanding noise about Django's hat being on the table, placing the beer down after he had removed it. Elijah pulled his beer towards himself, watching with mild interest as King started to explain to Django about bounty hunting. \"Well, in the way that the slave trade deals in human lives, bounty hunting deals in corpses,\" King said, taking a seat, \"the state places a bounty on a man's dead, I track that man, I find that man, I kill that man, and after I have killed that man, I transfer his corpse back to the authorities.\" \"Not exactly in that order,\" Elijah muttered, taking a swig from his drink. \"Ah, yes, well once I have found the authorities, I show them that corpse to prove that, yes, I have indeed killed him and at that point the authorities pay me the bounty,\" King said, \"So, like slavery, it is a flesh-for-cash business.\" \"What is a bounty?\" Django asked, Elijah taking another slightly anxious glance towards the window. King paused after taking a drink, \"it's like a reward.\" \"You kill people and they give you a reward?\" Django asked, sounding a little disbelieving. Phrased like that, Elijah couldn't help but give a little amused smile. From that stand point, Django's point of view seemed reasonable. \"Certain people, yeah,\" King said with a nod. Django paused, glancing over towards Elijah, \"Bad people?\" \"Ah, the badder they are the bigger the reward,\" King said, smiling slightly. Django looked between the two of them, looking a little unsure still. \"The both of you are bounty hunters?\" \"Well, I'm a seasoned bounty hunter,\" King said, then gestured towards Elijah, \"he is more of an...apprentice.\" \"Apprentice?\" Elijah asked, sounding vaguely offended, \"I've been with you for years.\" \"You are still learning things from me, aren't you?\" King asked, giving him a smile, \"of course, I mean that in the highest respect. You have certainly kept trouble off my back as I have yours.\" \"Of course,\" Elijah muttered, taking another swig from his beer. \"Now,\" King said, turning his attention back to Django, \"this brings me to you. I'm at a bit of a quandary when it comes to you. One one hand, I despise slavery. One the other hand, I need your help, and if you are not in a position to refuse, the better. So, for the time being, I am going to make this slave malarkey work for my benefit. But, still, having said that...I feel guilty. So, I would like the two of us to enter into an agreement. I'm looking for the Brittle brothers, however, at this endeavour I am at a slight disadvantage, in so far as, I do not know what they look like. But you do, don't you?\" Django seemed to get a somewhat clouded look on his face, Elijah could see something dark brewing in the young man. After a few moments, he started to nod. \"I know that they look like, alright,\" Django said. \"So, here is our agreement, you travel with me until-\" \"Where are we goin'?\" Django asked, Elijah hearing some commotion outside. \"Schultz...\" Elijah started, glancing towards him with raised eyebrows. \"I'm aware, Elijah,\" King said, waving him off slightly as he continued, \"I heard that at least two of them are overseeing up in Gatlinburg, but I don't know where. That means we visit every plantation in Gatlinburg until we find them, you point them out, and I kill them. You do that, I agree to give you your freedom, Twenty-five dollars per Brittle Brother, that's seventy-five dollars...and as if on cue, here comes the sheriff.\" Elijah stood as the burly looking sheriff walked into the inn, pausing at the door as he took in the scene. He chuckled slightly, looking at each of them. \"Okay, boys, fun's over. Come on out,\" he said, turning and stepping out of the inn. Elijah sighed slightly, following out after the sheriff with King and Django following. He watched as the sheriff started to address the crowd forming around the Inn. \"Alright, folks, calm down. Go about your business, these jokers will be gone soon,\" he turned to look back at the three men standing just outside the Inn, \"Now, why do y'all want to come into my town and start trouble? Scare all these nice people?\" he asked, Elijah watching as King started to approach him, knowing the look on the older bounty hunter's face all too well. \"You ain't got nothin' better to do than show up in Bill Sharp's town and show your ass -\" The sheriff's speech was cut short when King produced a small pistol from inside his coat's sleeve, putting a bullet into the sheriff's belly with a loud pop that made the crowd, and Django, jump in surprise. Elijah was a little surprised that King actually had a bounty in this town, he hadn't said anything to him. Though, much more has happened before with much less of a warning. \"What did you do to our sheriff?\" someone from the crowd called out, King not answering as he walked around to the head of the groaning sheriff, silencing him with a shot to the head that made a woman faint and the crowd scatter with some screams. King turned back towards in Innkeeper, who was staring at the dead sheriff with wide eyes. \"Now you can go get the marshal,\" King said, watching as he took off running. He turned back towards Django and Elijah with a smile, Elijah's expression borderline irritated and Django's shocked. \"Shall we wait inside?\" he asked, walking towards the two of them to move them back inside the Inn. \"Can't we just leave?\" Django asked as King started to push them back inside. \"No,\" King said, gesturing that he go back inside, \"after you.\" It wasn't long before more people started to show up outside the saloon, most of them armed. Elijah looked back towards King as he removed his pistol from its holster, tossing it onto the table beside King's weapons. \"The one in your boot as well,\" King said, \"we need to show some good will with the marshal.\" \"Oh, so you don't plan on shootin' this one as well?\" Elijah asked, bending down and pulled out a small pistol from inside a pouch he had cut in his boot, placing it on the table. \"No, he is the one we want to be talking with after what happened to the sheriff,\" King said, glancing towards Elijah, \"though, with your rather fowl mood today, it would be best if you didn't.\" \"You are the one who has a way with words,\" Elijah muttered bitterly, glancing over towards Django, who was peering out a window at the commotion. \"Did you happen to get any rest last night?\" King asked, removing his coat. \"Mind your own damn business!\" Elijah snapped, giving him a glare, \"you dragged me into a bounty without so much as a warnin', and to top it all off my damn horse is actin' up. You don't get to ask me how I fuckin' slept.\" \"I'll take that as a no, then,\" King said, Elijah shaking his head as he started to walk away from him. \"You in the sloon!\" a new voice called in from outside the building, Elijah freezing as Django stepped back from the window, \"we got a hundred rifles pointed every which way out of that building! You got one chance to get out of this alive! You, your nigger, and your lackey come out of there with your hands on your heads, and I mean right now !\" \"Is this the marshal I have the pleasure of addressing?\" King called back, Elijah not too sure about this whole thing. He was starting to regret removing all his weapons. \"Yes, it is. I am U.S. Marshal Gill Tatum.\" \"Wunderbar!\" King said, \"My associate and I have relieved ourselves of all weapons and, just as you have instructed, I am ready to step outside with my hands above my head. I trust as a representative of the justice system of the United States of America, I shant be shot down in the street, by either you or your deputies, before I have had my day in court!\" \"You mean like you did our sheriff?\" the marshal asked, \"shot him down like a dog in the street!\" \"Yes! That is exactly what I mean! Do I have your word as a lawman not to be shot down like a dog in the street?\" \"Well,\" the marshal started, \"as much as we would all enjoy seein' something like that, nobody cheats the hangman in my town.\" \"Fair enough, marshal! Here we come,\" King said, then turned to Django and Elijah, \"now, things are a little tense out there, so don't make any abrupt movements and let me do the talking.\" With his hands raised above his head, Elijah followed King and Django out onto the porch of the Inn, taking notice of all the rifle barrels pointed at them. He'd had guns pointed at him many times before, but, for some reason, this time it made him sweat slightly. \"You unarmed?\" Marshal Gill asked, Elijah turning his attention away from the guns pointed at them and on the man speaking to them. \"Indeed we are,\" King said, \"now, may I address you, marshal, your deputies, and apparently the entire town of Daughtrey, as to what just occurred?\" \"Go on,\" the marshal said, Elijah shifting slightly as he tried to keep his hands high enough over his head. \"My name is Dr. King Schultz, and, like yourself marshal, I am a servant of the court. That man laying dead in the dirt, which the good people of Daughtrey thought good enough to elect as their sheriff, by the name of Bill Sharp, is actually a wanted outlaw named Willard Peck, who has a price on his head of two hundred dollars,\" he said, pausing, \"now, that's two hundred dollars, dead or alive.\" \"The hell you say!\" \"I'm aware this is probably disconcerting news, but I am willing to wager that this man was elected sheriff in the past...two years?\" King continued, the marshal nodding, \"I know this because three years ago he was wrestling cattle from The B.C. Corrigan Cattle Company of Lubbock, Texas.\" King waved the paper he held over his head slightly, \"Now this is a warrant made out by circuit court Judge Henry Allen Laudermilk of Austin, Texas. You are encouraged to wire him. He will back up who I am, and who your dear departed sheriff was . In other words, marshal, you owe me two hundred dollars.\" Elijah started to lower his hands as the people around them started to talk quietly amongst themselves, gingerly letting his arms rest at his sides. A sense of relaxation started to come over him as the tension started to die down. He took a glance towards King, who seemed satisfied with how everything went down, Elijah couldn't blame him. He certainly knew what he was doing, Elijah was just wishing for some downtime. Though, with their new...partner, it seemed like things wouldn't be slowing down for a while.[Chapter 4] So sorry for the super long wait on this chapter and update for this fic. Writer's block really shot my muse in the head, multiple times. Though, I have recently found myself wanting to write this again and, after watching the film again, decided to give it another go. I hope this chapter doesn't suck too badly. :) Warning: Due to the film's language and how closely this fic will be following the movie at some points, the N-word will be used. I am simply using it for Canon. I do not in any way, shape, or form, like the word, nor do I use it outside this fic. I am willing to bump ratings if it bothers enough people, but for now I am putting this as fair warning. Cooper's Gold ... Chapter Four They were talking like she wasn't in the room. It didn't bother her this time, though, as Grace really had nothing to add to the conversation. Her mind was still reeling about the whole conversation she had with Calvin earlier about her \"anger issues\", and now Lara had just been told what Calvin's supposed solution to that was. Grace kept her eyes downward, the tips of her fork picking at and pulling apart the piece of cake that was sitting on her plate. She had a look of concentration on her face, like she was deeply studying the treat while her aunt's voice filled her ears once again. \"I will not have my niece takin' part in such a bloodsport!\" she exclaimed, Grace somewhat surprised and relieved at how her aunt was actually coming to her rescue. She knew how much Calvin loved his sister, maybe her refusal to the idea might be enough to sway him against the notion. For a few moments, Grace believed that she might not have to witness a fight to death, though the belief started to crack somewhat as she heard Calvin's voice, his tone firm. \"Now, Lara-Lee,\" he stated, the smell of whatever he had been smoking lingering in Grace's nose for a few moments, \"I ain't forcin' her to come watch a fight with me. Though, I do believe that it will help her with her lashin' out and she will need to know these things when she is older. I ain't goin' to be living forever.\" \"You would really want her to run your plantation?\" Lara asked, almost sounding more disbelieving about that notion more than having Grace witness a Mandigo fight. Grace glanced up from her plate, looking at Lara, who was watching Calvin as he leaned back in his chair slightly. \"O' course not,\" he said after a few moments, taking a glance towards Grace, who now had her attention on him as well, \"What other choice do I have? I don't see one. She doesn't appear to be wantin' to get married, she barely leaves Candieland.\" \"Well, of course she doesn't,\" Lara said, \"You have her locked up in here, surrounded by servants. I do believe she is lucky that I'm here to keep her company. No wonder she is lashin' out,\" she seemed to straighten out, one of her smiles crossing her face as she did so, \"I also believe I can offer an alternative.\" \"Well, let's hear it.\" Grace really would have been fine if Lara offered more alone time with her, maybe to pay someone to be another companion. She honestly wasn't prepared for what Lara offered up, though she really should have been. \"George Bakeman has been lookin' for a wife for a while now,\" Lara said, grinning at Grace while the young woman shifted awkwardly in her seat. \"He comes from a wealthy plantation, it could be well worth the business, an' he would be capable of runnin' Candieland when the time comes.\" \"No.\" The word slipped through Grace's mouth so easily, she barely had to think about it. As soon as the name \"George\" slipped through Lara's smiling lips, her decision had been made. Lara looked over at her like she had grown a second head, and in her mind, it was within reason. George was a rather attractive man in his mid-thirties, who was known for his...less than faithful ways. He was a man that had entitlement written across his forehead, and certainly had the attitude to match it. Having Candieland left in his name would not just carve the word further into his head, but probably explode it as well. Sure, Grace knew that Calvin's plantation wasn't the most wealthiest plantation, but it was certainly up there. It was the fourth, actually. Still, as much as part of her said otherwise, there was no way she was going to go from a plantation owner's daughter to a plantation owner's wife. Grace doubted that Calvin or Lara knew how many times she fantasized about escaping the plantation. It was more than once each day. Though, two things always stopped her from doing so. The first reason was Calvin's head slave, Stephen, who seemed to be the most observant man she had ever encountered. He was a silver haired house slave, who shook and wobbled around on his cane, and kissed Calvin's ass so much that it honestly amazed Grace sometimes. There had been a number of hits and lectures that she had received from Calvin, courtesy of Stephen's voice in his ear and Grace's failure to notice the slave's presence. She was sure that, even when he wasn't looking, somehow he knew what she was doing. The second reason was the trackers that remained in a shack on the edge of the plantation, a rowdy bunch of people who always seemed ready to go after any slave that attempted to escape. Grace figured that if Calvin cared that much about runaway slaves, he would be relentless about her. It was the main reason for her not to just hike up her skirts and run, she would need to plan. \"Why ever not?\" Lara asked suddenly, breaking Grace's train of thought, the focus returning back into the young woman's eyes. \"George, he's...\" Grace started, bringing her hand up to scratch at her dark hair, \"he's disgusting. Unfaithful, as cocky as a damn rooster, and would more likely feign affection for the idea of running Papa's plantation. I would rather watch a Mandigo fight than...\" she trailed off, seeming to realize what she was saying. Calvin brought his hand down on the table, a little too forcefully to match with the grin on his face. \"See? It's settled, then.\" \" Calvin -\" Lara began, her tone sharp, though she seemed to soften slightly as she spoke to Grace again, \"Gracie, darlin', you've never even met George. You don't even know what you are sayin'. You would rather watch such a...violent sport in comparison to marryin' George Bakeman?\" \"If you're so damn excited 'bout George Bakeman, why don't you fuckin' marry him?\" Grace snapped, eating utensils gripped tightly in her hands, \"He's closer to your damn age, anyway.\" \" Grace! \" Lara exclaimed, her eyes wide and hand resting on her chest. Grace, who was starting to feel like she was much to hot to be sitting with the two of them, placed the items in her hands down on the table, sitting back in her chair. \"You won't be talkin' to your aunt like that,\" Calvin stated, Grace looking him in the eyes, knowing it would upset him more if she didn't, \"You and I will be havin' a conversation about this later. Leave the table.\" Like the scolded child she felt, Grace quickly rose from her chair, offering her offended aunt a quick apology before leaving the room, passing a glaring Stephen on her way. She managed to catch something Calvin muttered, only seeming to fuel the anger she was pushing down. \" Do ya see what I'm talkin' about? \" You fuckin' idiot! Grace yelled at herself, trying not to look at the person in front of her, watching him lead her own towards the study as her nose burned with the tears she was holding back. If there was one thing she was ashamed of, it was crying about saying what she wanted to say. A sigh escaped her mouth, her cheeks wet with the few tears that had managed to slip through. She was scared, of course. Grace figured that the best way to get along with Calvin and Lara was to agree with everything they say, nod along like a simpleton and just carry on as she was. Though, she just couldn't. There was so much to say, like a box stuffed with items. Some were bound to fall out eventually. \"I don' understand why ya always step on Monsieur Candie's toes, he's always doin' what's best for ya,\" Stephen spoke up from in front of her, giving her a look over his shoulder, \"Maybe if ya'll was actually related...\" Grace felt a snap coming up, but it faded slightly. Why would she try and defend the right to claim she was related to a man she hated more often than not? Maybe it was the fact that anymore confrontation would leave her crying like a baby, she certainly felt that way. She could always correct Stephen, he seemed to speak his mind with her. Grace knew why, too. Because she would never correct him or assert whatever twisted authority she had over him, even if he deserved it sometimes. Though, she knew for certain he would never make a comment like his last one in front of Calvin. For a reason that Grace could never really understand, he always seemed so insistent that people believe that she was related to him. She had gotten enough bruising grips on her shoulder from introducing him as her adoptive father in public, even if Grace was sure he knew that fact all too well. \"Monsieur Candie?\" Stephen called, opening the door to the all too familiar study, \"Mademoiselle Grace is here to see ya.\" Miss, Grace corrected in her head, I don't have a drop of French in me, for fuck's sake. \"Yeah, great, Stephen,\" she heard her father say, \"let her in and leave us.\" Grace walked into the study, hearing the door close behind her as she watched Calvin look up from his desk. There was something off about it, she had been so used to see him up when she would walk in, especially if she was expecting a beating. He looked so casual, though he seemed to notice the look on his daughter's face, the redness of her eyes, her hands shaking. Calvin rose up, stepping around his desk so that he was standing in front of it. \"I ain't mad at you,\" he said, gesturing that she came closer. Grace stared at him, wondering what sort of game he was playing, though she still walked towards him. There were a few moments of shock when she found herself pressing her face against the fabric of his jacket, being held there tightly as Calvin ran a hand through her hair. While Grace would have to be blind or an idiot not to see that, despite the anger and violence that Calvin displays towards her sometimes, he obviously cared for her. Though, aside from the kisses on the cheek, that was as close as they got. So, Grace wasn't sure what made her cry, the relief that she wasn't going to get hit for her comments towards Lara, or that she was close enough to Calvin to smell the whiskey and smoke on his jacket. It wasn't sobbing, but she seemed to shake a little more harshly than before. ...She had no idea what to do about that situation. \"Now, now,\" Calvin said after a few moments, Grace's arms still resting limply at her sides. The closest she got to returning the embrace was her right hand gripping at the bottom of his jacket. She quickly wiped tears away from her eyes as he pulled back, partly relieved to be away from him and yet she kind of wished she had returned the hug. \"Now, why don't you tell me what is goin' on in the head of yours? Lara asked you a perfectly innocent question and you snapped at her. You realize you hurt her?\" \"I'm aware I hurt her. I will apologize to her as soon as I can,\" she paused for a few moments, looking down at her feet. \"I don't want to marry George Bakeman. I don't know why, but I just don't.\" \"We aren't forcin' you to marry him,\" Calvin said, \"Lara just wants you to consider it, Darlin'. If you do marry him, it could be very beneficial to both Candieland and the Bakeman plantation. The idea ain't a bad one.\" \"I don't know...\" Grace muttered, knowing all to well that she did know what she wanted to do about the George Bakeman situation. It felt like a double-edged sword. Marry George and spend the rest of her life living on yet another plantation, where she would still be forced to smile politely and push out children. Then she could very well go to Greenville with her father, get mentally scarred for life, and probably worsen her issues even more than before. Hell, they could probably make her do both. Have her newlywed husband sitting beside her, a grin on his face and arm slung over her shoulder while both him and her father would cheer on two people killing each other. She could feel a cold sweat dot the back of her neck. Still, the more rational part of her knew what was the better choice. Grace could even attempt to make her escape while living with George Bakeman. She could see it now, her dear husband leaving to sleep with another woman, Grace leaving in the night and starting her own life. It was fucking delusional. It was fucking brilliant. \"Think about it,\" Calvin placing his hand on her shoulder, \"though, don't go thinkin' that Lara's idea is cancellin' mine out. We don't need you lashin' out at George Bakeman.\" \"Yes, Papa,\" Grace stated, emotionless. No anger, no irritation, just a growing sense of numbness. Though, a little fire still burned deep down inside her. She could never stomp it out, so she figured she should slowly keep building it. \"Tell Lara I will be willin' to meet George Bakeman,\" she stated after a few moments, looking at Calvin, \"that doesn't mean that I will be ready to run off with him.\" \"Of course, Gracie,\" Calvin said, pressing a kiss to the side of her head, \"What makes you think I would allow that?\" ","Summary":" This here is my first go at a Django Unchained fanfiction. Credit for this idea goes to Superfan44,"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"My Racer Boy - Rex Racer x Oc","Author":"JustAFanGirl99","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11556994","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Quick Disclaimer, I do not own Speed Racer or any of the characters except Alex. All rights go to Andy Wachowski, Lana Wachowski. And I am basing this on the 2008 movie rendition of Speed Racer, not the cartoons — Flash Back — I was sitting in the passenger seat of the Mach 5 while Rex was relaxing on the side as we waited for Speed to finish up school and take him home…although I don't think we'll get him home right away because while Rex and I were talking to Momma Racer about going to the track after we dropped Speed back home, I saw a little scruff of black hair in the corner of my eye and I just knew Speed was listening in. As I was off daydreaming for a minute, I turned my head to see little Speedy come around the car and jump into my lap in the front seat. \"Take it your'e ready to go?\" Speed just nodded his head to Rex's obvious question and took my arms around his waist and snuggled closer into my chest, as I put my head on his shoulder and giving him a quick peck on the cheek as a greeting, but he quickly wiped it off. \"Hahaha good to see you too Speedo!\" \"Oh c'mon Al…you don't just go around kissing me all you want\" \"Stop being a whiner Speed…and I don't go around kissing you all I want…\" I replied with a growing smirk on my face \"I go around kissing your brother\" I take a sneaky glance over to the drivers seat and also see a smirking face on the man I love. \"EUGH…Alex! That's just gross. It's bad enough that you do it at home…\" Me and Rex just started to chuckle at the cute little boy on my lap that I just ended up squishing into my arms further. The car got silent again until Rex broke it \"How was school?\" \"Fine\" Speed replies a bit dully \"Are you going to the track? Mom said you were, you don't have to drop me off, I can just go with you guys\" Speed says a bit excitedly. Rex replies just shaking his head \"No way\" \"Oh come on, take me with you, come on, pleeeaase\" \"We can't Speed, Pops would kill us\" \"He doesn't have to know, I won't say anything, no body will know. Come on, Please Rex, Al, Please, Please, Please-\" His mouth at this point was covered by one of my hands and muffling the sounds of he pleading and Rex sends me a playful look \"-Please, Please, Please, Pleeeeeaaassse?\" Speed mumbles the rest in my hand and a bit louder for the two of us to hear. Rex and I share a quick glance at each other and communicating with our eyes. He takes a deep breath in and out and sighs \"Are you wearing the socks?\" Speed answers by putting his foot up on the dash board and pulling up his pant leg revealing the red knee-socks that we called Lucky and wiggles his eyebrows suggestively. Rex sighs again and finally gives into Speeds constant pleading and says \"Okay. But if you roll us agin, this'll be the last time…Deal?\" \"Deal…\" — Flash back end — I whip my head to the right as I see the white Mach 5 racing car whoosh past the stands full of cheering people. I'm sat with Pops on my left, Momma Racer next to Pops, Trixie next to Mom and Sprital on my right with Chim-Chim while Sparky is in the racer tower (I actually don't know what it's called) communicating with Speed throughout the race. I watch the cars in deep thought and go into another flash back of being with both Rex and Speedy — Flash Back — \"OH YEAH! Come on! Rex, she's beating our butts…hurry up will ya?\" I hear a young Speedy call out to his older brother who he is sitting on to reach the wheel to steer. \"Yeah. Come on Rexy, your'e lagging behind. Are you trying to make your brother like me more, because it is possible. Isn't it Speedy\" I say teasingly and thankfully Speed caught on and played along, \"Yup. That's right Alex.\" I could practically see the playful glare that Rex had on his face. I could see the red Mach 4 in my rear-view mirror just coming over the jump that I just passed. \"How the hell did you catch up so fast?!\" \"It's all Speeds fault darlin' \" \"Wow. That means I gotta up my game\" I punch the gas pedal more and cross the finish line with Rex and Speed literally just behind me. I get out of my black and purple T-180 that Pops made me a while after I started to date Rex and said I wanted to race too…let's just say Pops was MORE than thrilled to make me my own car…and I couldn't possibly say no. Leaning against the side of my baby, I see my guy walk up to me \"Ha. I won\" I stick my tongue out and he traps me with his arms and comes closer to me, just barely leaving enough room between us. \"Humph. So you think that Speedy would like you better than me, huh?\" I just smirked up at him and wrapped my arms around his neck, not noticing the presence of the Mini-Racer. \"Oh. I don't know…maybe\" \"You know i'll have to punish you right\" He says in his low husky voice that makes shivers go up my spine. I start to lean in closer to him, teasing him with my lips just touching his \"I guess so Mr. Racer\" He smirks against my lips and closes the distance in-between us. \" God! I love this man so much\" is all that's going through my head as our lips move in perfect sync. A small throat was cleared and shocked us, so we pulled apart, now finally acknowledging that Speedy was in fact, still there and waiting for us to stop so we could go home. — Flash back end — A small tear ran down my face as I remembered the good times with my one and only. I look down and quickly wipe it away and focus on the main race in front of me. Sprital and Pops both put down a stop watch at the same time as Speed comes past. \"Jeepers! He could really do it, Pops! He could really do it!…What if he dose it? What if he does it Pops?\" Both Pops and I just Grunted in response \"I don't know if I can watch this.\" Sprital says and hands the binoculars to Chim-Chim…but quickly takes them back and continues looking at the race. I watch him silently but look to my left and see Trixie in a daze…I guess this day is just full of flash backs. I think I may know whiten she was remembering too. — Flash Back — I was in the shop with both Pops and a sweaty and hot looking Rex fixing up one of the engines for a car as Speed came in, in his little red car with a skinny girl at the back of it. \"Hey Rex, Alex\" \"Hey Pops.\" \"Hey Speedy\" Me and Rex chorused \"Who's your friend?\" \"Her name's Trixie. She's in my class\" \"Hi\" a cute little voice said \"Pleasure to meet you, young lady\" Pops said courtly. \"Hey Pops,\" Speed started \"A guys told me to give this to you…says he was a big fan\" \"Oh-ho. A fan, is it? Well it's not everyday we get people with such good taste around here…Where is he?\" \"He was in a hurry, driving a '68 Fendersin…Sweet set of wheels\" Suddenly, Rex stood up wide-eye \"Let me see that\" After putting his ear to it, he flew towards a broom and broke it in half, and set them both in it so the car was in reverse. We all went to the edge of the garage as the car went out on the street and blew up…right in front of us. Rex pulled me into his arms as if trying to protect me from it. We all stared wide-eyed at where the car once was. \"Cool Beans\" Both me and Trixie chorused at the same time. She looked back at me and we smiled at each other. — Flash back end — Speed was nearing the end of his race and was nearing the finish line. But yet again…another flash back hit me like a ton of bricks…and it wasn't a pleasant one — Flash Back — \"Can I come with you Rex?\" I heard a quiet voice on the other side of the door I was leaning on. \"Not this time Speedy\" \"When are you coming back?\" That broke my heart. \"I don't know. I don't know…Hey. There's something I want you to have\" I heard a faint clack of something I knew to well. \"But the Mach 5's your car\" Yup…that was it. \"Not anymore\" At this point I could handle listening to any more, so I went away from the door and to living room where I saw Pops on a bar stool and drinking. I made a cup for myself and went back to my room I shared with Rex. *knock knock knock* The door opened to Rex's silhouette with a bag. I took a big gulp of my whiskey and set it down on the bed stand and sighed…I refused to look at him. Rex came in with shutting the door behind him, and sat down next to me on the bed we shared, along with everything else. \"Al…\" I couldn't respond or look up, knowing that he was leaving and knowing him as well as I do, not coming back. \"Alex…?\" I just sighed in return. He 'humphed' and placed his hand around my right cheek and guided my head so I would look at him in the eyes. \"Alex. Please talk to me…\" I could hear the sadness and broken-ness in his voice as he spoke. This was just as hard on him as it was on us. I couldn't hold in the tears anymore. They just came out like waterfalls and spilled down my cheeks and onto his hand. He quickly pulled me into a hug that held literally all of his love that he had for me he kept kissing my head and whispering sweet nothings int me ear as I balled my eyes out and pleading him to stay. \"I can't. I'm sorry love. I love you like nothing else in this world and always will…'till the end of time itself\" I looked up at him with tear-stained cheeks and he wiped them away. \"I love you too Rex, my love\" He slowly lowered his head and closed the gap between us. I didn't hesitate in kissing back with all the love and passion I had. And it was all for him. He pulled back for air but I quickly leaned in with my hands behind his neck bringing him closer to me for another kiss. I wasn't letting go so easy. When we pulled apart, I was on his lap and our foreheads were leaning against each others and panting heavily. \"I will come back to you. I promise.\" \"Rex-\" I sighed \"-please don't make a promise you can't keep.\" I said standing up and walking to my desk. \"But I will. I will no matter what. I'm not asking you to wait forever. Just maybe a couple years or s-\" \"A couple years!? What are you doing Rex that will take a couple years!?\" I said angrily. \"I-I-I can't tell you that Al…\" \"And why not!?\" By this point I was yelling \"BECAUSE YOU MEEN TOO DAMN MUCH TOO ME! -\" he shouted. I jumped back in fright. He never raised his voice infant of me…This must be really important \"-just like the rest of the family…\" I let out a long sigh. \"Fine-\" His head perked up immediately. \"How long do I have to wait?…how many years are we talking here?\" \"10 years…\" he states trailing off at the end. I stared at him wide-eyed and mouth agape. \"That's a bloody long time Rex\" I stated matter-of-factly \"I know. I know…but it might even take less than that Al…then we can be together again…I promise\" \"Okay Rex…\" I pause to take a deep breath as tears began to fill my eyes again \"…I guess this is it then…For a while I suppose. I love you, you fucking Idiot\" I said with a genuine smile and tears in my eyes. He ran up to me and hugged me once again and held me like I was his life-line. I kissed his head that was buried in my neck and all I could hear was sniffles. After a bit, he let go and looked calmed down. I got on my toes and pecked his lips, cheeks, nose and forehead (something I used to do when he couldn't sleep) and walked him to my door with his bag and said good bye for the very last time. Time went by and I hadn't heard from Rex in ages…not that I was expecting him to contact me. I mean, he was still racing, so that was a plus. We were all gathered around the TV where we were watching the Casa Cristo race that Rex was competing in. As the race went on and we were each silently cheering him on, the worst possible thing happened right on the screen. All I saw was smoke behind the reporter. My eyes were as wide as they could go and my face horror struck. I couldn't take it anymore…I ran up to my now lonely room and cried…and cried…and cried…and that's when Speed can rushing in and crashed into my arms balling his eyes out onto my chest as I did the same on his head. We were just a big, sobbing mess. I stayed in my room for weeks. I didn't move, I didn't eat. Speed was the one to get me out of my room and bring me back to how I used to be. Speed cam up to me and hugged me \"You know Al…\" I looked down at him and smiled. \"Yeah Speedy…\" \"Before Rex left, he told me \"One day, people might say things about me, but no matter what they say, I just, I hope you never Believe 'em\" I looked down at the boy in my arms and a stray tear ran down my face. I wiped it off, hugged him as tight as I could and whispered a small 'Thanks Speedy' in his ear. — Flash back end — As I watched Speed go, I could see him racing a ghost of the red Mach 4 car that Rex used to drive along this track. I looked up at the lap record that Rex currently holds and see that Speed was going to beat it. I chewed on my bottom lip as I watched, but released as I saw him slow down. I closed my eyes and breathed a sigh of relief. Rex's legacy lives on.[Chapter 2] Some of you are still on here wanting me to update the story, but i'll say it again, it won't be updated again on here just because I don't really use this site anymore. Here's the link for the story on Quotev though if you haven't found it and want to read what I have: story/8074114/My-Racer-Boy-Rex-Racer-x-Oc-On-Hold/1 ","Summary":" Quick Disclaimer, I do not own Speed Racer or any of the characters except Alex. All rights go to A"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"Lily","Author":"Jordyn10408","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5397120","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Based on Speed Racer _____________________________________ Trixie Racer picked up her 3 month old daughter . She looks like me except has her father's eyes she thought. You are my world, my darling. What a wonderful I see. You are the song I'm singing. You're my beautiful, Lily. Trixe sung to her daughter. Speed came in and kiss his wife, then looked down at his daughter who was smiling up at them. Everbody was here to celebrate the birth of Lily Trixie Racer. \" They're all here and want to see her\" Speed wispered to his wife. \" Let's go then\" Trixie said while looking at Lily who was playing with toes. \" Here she is\" Speed said while Trixie let them all hold her. \" She looks like her mother, but has her father's eyes\" Mom Racer stated. \" She's gonna be a great race car driver like her dad\" Trixie said. \" I know she will, aren't Lily\" Speed asked her? Lily giggled and beginned to play with her toes. \" I'll take that as a yes\" Trixie said while putting Lily into Spritle arms. \"She looking at me like an ediot\" Spritle said. \" Good, that means she who you are\" Speed added Later That Night Speed was already asleep and Trixie was putting Lily to bed. This is world my world, the land and sea. My hope for you for always is that your heart will apart of me Trixie sung and looked down and saw that Lily was asleep.[Chapter 2] 4ef23322-5071-4869-af1c-012f3a4d2fc5 ","Summary":" Based on Speed Racer _____________________________________ Trixie Racer picked up her 3 month old d"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"Real Gone","Author":"Wibbly Wobbly Weirdo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6890678","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Heeee-eey! It's me. I know, hold your applause. Well, recently I bought the new Speed Racer movie for 5 bucks. It...was...AWESOME! I started watching the original series and found it both awesome and hilarious. I had this idea for maybe...twenty minutes before typing it up. I hope you like it. This is my first Speed Racer fic. BTW, i'm gonna be ignoring age differences at the moment. So if you find ages weird, just ignore it. Warnings: slight language and some violence later on. Nothing to Pairings:Speed/Trixie(obviously) Maybe some Sammy/someone and Sparky/someone later. DISCLAIMER!: If i owned Speed Racer, I would eliminate NASCAR and put in T-180 racing. But i do own Sammy and Sparky. (Story start) Go Speed Racer (go) Go Speed Racer (go) Go Speed Racer, go Mach go, go, go Go Speed Racer (go) Go Speed Racer (go) Go Speed Racer, go (Mach go, go, go) A pillow flew across the small room, smacking a young girl in the face. Sammy Racer sat up in bed and glared across the room at her brother. \"What the heck Sparky?\" The other teen mumbled from under his covers. \"Shut off that god forsaken alarm!\" Sammy rolled her eyes and reached over to the radio on her nightstand that was currently playing a song by Ali Dee. Sparky let out a grunt and rolled over to face the wall. Sammy sighed and pushed her covers off. Walking over to the small vanity mirror and dresser, she reached for a brush and began to de-knot her long black hair. Her blue eyes never leaving her reflection. Everyone had always told her that she had her father's looks. Some even said she acted like him. That was fine with Sammy. She adored her father and spent as much time with him as possible. When she felt that her hair was perfectly smooth, she tied it back with an elastic band. Her brother Sparky dragged himself out of his bed and grabbed his own brush from the dresser and lazily ran it through his boyish-cut brown hair. His brown eyes, still dull with sleep. Sparky, on the other hand, had their mother's looks. He always helped her around the house and hung out with their grandparents more than Sammy did. Sammy wrinkled her nose playfully at her brother. \"Ugh. You look like Death.\"Sparky just looked at his sister. \"Oh haha, you're killing me.\" He turned to his drawer and spulled out clothes for the day. A white \"Racer Motors\" shirt and plain did the same, grabbing her blue \"Racer Motors\" shirt and her black 'racing pants' as she called them. A sudden bang against the sibbling's door almost made her drop her clothes. Sparky walked over and opened it to reveal a chimp wearing overals. \"Chim-Chim? What are you doing?\" The chimp ran into the room and hid himself under Sammy's covers. Soon after, a slightly distressed looking Speed ran into the room. \"Have you two seen Chim-Chim?\" The two teens looked at each other, then back to their father. \"No.\" Speed nodded and ran back out of the room. Sammy walked over to the hidden primate on her bed while Sparky shut the door. \"Okay Chim, what did you do this time?\" A small black hand popped out from the blanket holding a key and red keychain with the symbolic \"M\" on it. Sammy groaned and took them from him. \"You know these are the Mach 5 keys.\" Chim-Chim stuck his head out and gave her a smile. The two teens rolled their eyes and shooed the chimp out. Sammy grabbed her clothes and walked into the bathroom while Sparky changed in the room. After she was changed, Sammy brushed her teeth and headed for the kitchen. Most of the Racer clan was already seated around the table, including family friend, Sparky. Sammy loved to tease him and her brother about the fact that they shared the same name, but was usually scolded by Trixie. The only ones missing seemed to be Speed and Chim-Chim. The former soon joined everyone in the kitchen, sitting down in his usual place. Sammy tossed the Mach 5 keys across the table to her father. Speed picked them up and looked at her. \"Where did you get these?\" Sammy shrugged and took the glass of milk her mom offered her. \"Found 'em.\" Chim-Chim then entered the kitchen and clambered up next to Spritle. The now 19 year old Spritle gave his friend a look. \"Where have you been Chim?\" Speed gave the chimp a look and sighed. \"It's to early for this.\" Pops laughed as he sat down his newspaper. \"It brings back memories of when you and Spritle were younger.\" Trixie and Mom Racer sat plates of pankcakes infront of the household. \"How you guys are hungry. Me and Trixie made a little more than we thought.\" Sparky gulped and looked at Trixie. \"How much is 'more', mom?\" Trixie looked back at the pankcakes. \"Well, let's just say we're going to need more flour.\" The two teens groaned. The older Sparky jumped up. \"Why don't I go out and get more flour? I was going to stop in town today anyway.\" The younger also jumped up. \"Can I go too? Please mom?\" Trixie looked at both of the boys and nodded. \"Alright, but be sure you're home for lunch.\" The two males grabbed their jackets and hoped into the older's car, speeding toward town. Sammy glared at the spot where her brother once sat. \"Oh, I'll get him for that.\" Speed chuckled at his daughter. \"That's alright. Since they're gone, why don't you come with me to the track?\" Sammy's head jerked up with a glittering smile on her face. \"Really?\" Speed smiled at her enthusiasm. \"Sure. But your mother has to argree as well.\" Sammy turned to her mother and clasped her hands under her chin. \"Please mom? Please please please?\" Trixie bit her lip. While the young girl did have an amazing talent for racing and cars, Trixie wasn't completely comfortable with the thought of her fifteen, soon to be sixteen, year old behind the wheel of the Mach 5. After a few minutes of consideration, she left out a soft sigh and gave in. \"Alright. But be careful!\" Sammy pumped her fist into the air. \"YES!\" She shoveled the rest of her breakfast down and dashed into her room. Pops and Mom laughed. \"She's just like you Speed. Soon she'll be old enough to compete in the junior circut.\" It was true. Five years before, the WRL started a Junior Racing League to get younger people into racing. The age limit was sixteen to eightteen. Trixie sighed under her breath. She was dreading the day Sammy turned sixteen. It was only a few weeks away. \"Be sure you watch her Speed. I don't want her getting hurt.\" Speed stood up from the table and gave her a kiss on the cheek. \"Don't worry Trix. I'll be with her.\" Trixie gave a small laugh. \"That's what i'm worried about.\" Speed raised his eyebrow at his wife. \"What's that supposed to mean?\" Trixie waved her hand and smiled. \"Nothing. You two better hurry before someone beats you to a good pit spot.\" Speed looked at the clock on the wall with wide eyes. \"You're right! Come on Sammy!\" The young teen burst into the room and followed her father out the door. Trixie, Pops, and Spritle watched from the window as they hopped into the Mach 5 and pulled out of the garage. Sammy bounced in her seat as they drove to Thunderhead. She loved racing. Everything about it. The cars, the people, the tracks,but most of all, the speed. Going fast made her feel like anything was possible. It killed her that she was so close to her birthday. She could almost hear the crowd sreaming her name as she raced past the finish line.\"Sammy?\" Speed's voice pulled her from her daydream and back into reality. \"What? Huh?\" Speed smiled slightly. \"We\"re here.\" The tall stands and bits of track loomed over the two Racers, blocking out part of the sun. Sammy was in awe. Even though she'd been her many times before, the sight of the track still took her breath away. Speed pulled the Mach 5 into a pit spot near the checkered part of the track. Sammy climbed out and opened the trunk, pulling out a few tool boxes and things that Pops or Sparky had put in it. Speed raised the jacks and hopped out. \"Okay Sammy. What do you ALWAYS check first?\" \"The suspension.\" \"Why?\" \"Because, without suspension, the car would fall apart.\" Speed smiled. \"That's my girl. Now, hand me that wrench. These bolts here need to be tightened.\" The two worked for about half an hour fine tuning anything that seemed out of place. Finally, Speed lowered the jacks and climbed in the car. He handed Sammy a stopwatch and strapped on his helmet. \"Who set the fastest track record here?\" Sammy thought for a second before answering. \"That would be Uncle Rex.\" Speed nodded. \"And do you think I'll beat that?\" Sammy smirked. \"You can do anything!\" Speed laughed. \"Thanks for your confidence. Now let's see if you're right.\" He pulled back the shifter and gunned the gas, speeding away down the track. Sammy hit the stopwatch. \"Go dad!\" The two spent half the morning doing time trials and track the stopped to eat lunch from the stand, that for some reason always seemed to be open in the track. After they finished, Sammy looked at her dad. \"Hey dad, can I drive?\" Speed put on a mock look of thought. \"I don't know Sammy. Your mom wouldn't be to happy with it.\" The young Racer clasped her hands and gave him a look of utter misery. \"Please dad? She doesn't have to know.\" Speed remembered himself saying something similar to that to Rex. The older Racer smiled. \"Like I could say no to that face. Put the helmet with the radio on.\" Sammy dashed to the car and pulled the other helmet out of the trunk. She strapped it on and slid into the Mach 5. Speed put on the other headset and tested it. \"Can you hear me?\" Sammy nodded. \"Loud an' clear.\" \"Alright. Just remember to be careful when you get to the jump. And for the love of racing, PLEASE don't roll yourself.\" Sammy laughed and gripped the shitfer. As she sped down the track, the familiar feeling of the Mach 5 enveloped her. Turning the wheel sharply, the car flew sideways around the turn. Gliding smoothly along the asphalt. \"Nice! You're doing great!\" Sammy barely registered her father's words. The sensation of racing captured her and hightened her senses, making her seem twice as alert and her reaction time, twice as fast. As she was making her way along a turn toward the jump, Speed's voice penetrated her bubble of exileration. \"Becareful Sammy! There's another car on the track. It's gaining on you fast, so watch out.\" Sammy looked in the rearview mirror, and sure enough, a black and gold T-180 was coming up on her fast. She looked to the track ahead and decided that if she didn't speed up, the other car might knock her around. Pushing the pedal down a bit further, Sammy nearly shivered as the Mach 5 gained speed around the turn. \"It's no good Sammy! When you speed up, so does the other car. \" It was true. Before she knew it, the car was speeding along side her. (Story stop) Alrighty! Hope you like this first chapter! This might be one of the longest chapters to anything i've ever written. PLEASE REVIEW![Chapter 2] … Eh-heh-heh? Hello everybody! ... I'm not dead as is usually believed when I leave something for a while. But I have no excuse this time so I'm just going to give you guys what you came for. Sorry it took so long v~v Sammy attempted to look into the cockpit of the other car. The driver was wearing a black helmet with a dark visor, obviously male. However, his stature made it obvious he was around her own age, maybe a little older. As she looked harder, Sammy could barely make out an unnervingly familiar emblem etched into the helmet. A gold \"R\" encased in a circle. She inhaled sharply. \"Royalton! Dad!\" Speed let out shocked gasp of his own. \"Be careful Sammy. Try to get back here as fast as you can.\" Sammy nodded and gunned the pedal. \"Roger dodger.\" The Mach 5 pulled ahead of the other car and quickly launched itself over the jump. The Royalton car followed close behind her, gaining speed quickly. Suddenly, it lurched to the right, knocking the Mach 5 into a furious spin. Sammy fought to keep control, gripping the wheel as hard as she could. \"Damn!\" Speed watched in terror as he daughter spun helplessly. She had never raced anyone so fiercely before, only her dad or Pops on occasion. He tried to give her the best advice possible. \"Just stay calm! Listen to the car!\" Sammy closed her eyes and tried to focus on the car. She reigned in her breathing attempted to recall all that her father had told her. Jerking her eyes open, she yanked the wheel roughly to the right. The Mach 5 straightened out and jolted to a stop. Speed let out the breath he'd been holding. Thank goodness. Suddenly, he heard Sammy's laughter come over the radio. It was so familiar; he could almost see the crazed smile on her face and the glint of adrenalin in her eyes. She yanked the shifter back and sped off after her competitor. \"How far ahead is he, Dad?\" Speed couldn't help the smile that crept onto his face as he checked the other car's position. \"He's got about 200 meters on you.\" He paused for a moment before chuckling. \"Go get 'em Sammy!\" Sammy gunned the Mach 5 around turn after turn until she caught up to the other racer. Speed watched the Royalton car closely, making sure it didn't try anything funny. Much to his surprise, the driver raced unusually fairly. As the two raced neck and neck towards the finish line, Sammy pushed the Mach 5 as hard as it would go. Just before the checkered line, she pulled ahead and flew past the finish. Speed pumped his fist with excitement. \"Yeah! That's my girl!\" Sammy spun the Mach 5 to a stop and let out and exhilarated laugh as the other car pulled to a stop a few feet away. Speed ran out onto the track, one of the biggest smiles Sammy had ever seen plastered on his face. Sammy pulled her helmet off and climbed out of the car. Her legs were a bit wobbly and her heart pounded in her chest. Her father lifted her up into a huge hug. \"That was amazing!\" He set her down and looked her in the eyes. \"I'm so proud of you.\" Sammy's already huge smile, if possible, became larger. Suddenly it fell slightly as she turned her attention to the Royalton driver, who had stepped out of his car. He pulled his helmet off to reveal a boy with slick black hair and brown eyes. Sammy raised an eyebrow as she walked over to him. \"Uh…Good Race.\" The boy nodded. \"I got to admit, I'm a little surprised that you were the one driving.\" Sammy's eyebrow shot up higher. \"Why is that?\" The boy seemed reluctant to answer her. \"Well I uh, didn't expect a girl to be driving the famous Mach 5.\" Sammy's eyes flared as she glared at him. \"Watch it, Royalton. That's thin ice you're walking on.\" The boy raised his hands in defense. \"Sorry! I didn't mean to offend you, honestly! I just don't know any girls that are into….how did you know my last name was Royalton?\" Sammy gestured to his helmet and car. \"I saw the logo and took an educated guess.\" Speed, who had been watching the exchange from afar, walked forward. \"You're not going to introduce yourself Sammy?\" Sammy gave her father a sheepish grin. \"Right, I'm Sammy. Sammy Racer.\" She held out her hand for the boy to shake. \"I'm Nathan Royalton. But you can call me Nate, everyone does.\" He released her hand and turned to Speed. \"You must be Speed Racer. It's an honor to meet you sir.\" Speed smiled and shook his hand as well. \"It's nice to meet you as well. You're a pretty good driver. You must have an amazing trainer.\" Nate's smile fell a good margin. \"My father gave me all of my training.\" Speed nodded stiffly. \"And how is your father doing?\" Nate sighed and ran one of his hands through his hair, skewing its slicked appearance. \"He's fine. Busy trying to get his racing teams up and running again. I only really see him when he needs me to do something for him and at races.\" Speed nodded again, feeling sorry for the boy. He seemed very put out by the talk of his father. He gently patted Sammy's shoulder as he turned towards the Mach 5. \"I'm going to check to see if anything was knocked loose on the Mach 5. Then we'll head home for dinner. Okay Sammy?\" Sammy nodded. \"'Kay Dad.\" Nate watched as Speed walked over to the car. \"I have to say, I am jealous.\" Sammy gave him a questioning look. \"About what?\" Nate chuckled. \"You and your dad seem really close. I and my dad don't exactly have a relationship like that.\" He leaned close to her and whispered. \"To be completely honest, sometimes I hate him.\" Sammy frowned and looked at him. \"But he's your father. I didn't think it was possible to hate one's own father.\" The boy sighed and looked away, out at the track. \"I don't think I can even call him a father, really. He treats me more like his employees than his son.\" Sammy searched for something to say, but came up empty handed. Instead, she let the topic rest and gazed out at the track with him. After a few moments of silence, she sighed. \"I can't wait to turn sixteen. Then, I'll be able to join the JRL.\" Nate's eyes suddenly glinted with excitement. \"And when you do, we'll have our first rematch.\" Sammy looked to him with a smirk. \"Deal.\" The sound of an engine being revved caught the teens' attention. Speed waved from the Mach 5. \"Come on, Sammy! Let's go!\" Sammy waved back. \"Coming!\" Nate watched as she ran to the car and called after her. \"See you at the first race!\" Sammy turned slightly back to him. \"You can count on it!\" (~~~) Sparky stood next to his mother in the kitchen, helping her dry off the dishes. Trixie's hands were covered in suds as she handed him another plate. She rushed to finish them before dinner. Having to feed such a large household meant having to reuse plates and utensils. Mom was wiping down the table and setting it. Pops and Sparky were in the garage working on the Mach 6. The front door burst open, frightening the house's inhabitants, as Sammy ran into the house, her excitement from earlier returning to her in full force. \"Mom! Mom! You should have seen it! It was the most amazing thing ever!\" Trixie and Sparky stared as Sammy rambled on at a speed they didn't think was possible. Sparky slapped his hand over his sister's mouth. \"Whoa. Slow down Sam. We can't understand you when you talk at three hundred miles an hour.\"Sammy took a deep breath and nodded her head. Sparky released her and she took another breath before resuming her excited explanation. \"I won a race against a Royalton!\" The plate in Trixie's hand slipped from her grip and shattered on the floor. Sammy's smile dropped immediately as confusion filled her eyes. \"Mom?\" \"SPEED RACER!\" Trixie's shrill scream echoed through the house and caused bother children to cover their ears. Speed ran into the kitchen and looked around in alarm. \"Trix, what's wron-\"Trixie gripped one of his arms tightly with her still-sudsy hand and looked at him incredulously. \"You let her race with Royalton?\" Comprehension crossed Speed's face as he replied. \"No, Trix. You don't understa-\" \"You know how ruthless they are and you let my baby out there alone with one?!\" At that remark, Sammy frowned. \"But it's fine, Mom. I'm not-\"Trixie turned her now furious gaze to Sammy. \"YOU are in a lot of trouble young lady! Go to your room. We'll discuss this after I'm done with your father.\" \"But-!\" \"ROOM! NOW! Sparky, please go with her.\" Sammy stared in shock for a moment. Never in her life had she been yelled at for achieving anything racing related. Sudden anger boiled up in her and her face hardened before she stomped out of the kitchen and up the stairs. Sparky scurried after her, more confused than anyone. Once they were gone, Speed looked at Trixie in confused astonishment. \"Trixie… that was completely uncalled for!\" \"Uncalled for? Uncalled for?! Speed, you of all people know how dangerous Royalton is! You know what could've happened! We almost lost you to them once and I will be damned if I let them take Sammy away from me too!\" Speed sighed \"But, Trixie, you don't understand!\" Trixie pointed a sudsy finger at him, shaking in anger. \"NO. YOU don't understand. You think she's just like you but she's NOT Speed! She's young and inexperienced! She's going to become reckless if you keep letting her get in over her head like this! It'll just get worse until she ends up like-\" Trixie cut off her sentence, but Speed knew exactly how she was going to finish it. Hurt flashed in his eyes. \"Like Rex?\" Trixie cast her gaze to the floor, only slightly ashamed. \"When you lost your brother, it destroyed you, Speed. When Sammy is out there, I can't help but imagine what would happen if…\" She trailed off as a quiet sob caught in her throat. Speed pulled her into a hug and let her cry gently on his shoulder. \"It won't, Trix. Something happened to my brother, something none of us really understand. But he was alone, and we couldn't help him. Sammy's not, and she knows that. Whenever she needs us, we'll always be here. She's not going to be like Rex. I promise.\" He squeezed her tightly and waited for her to calm down. When she finally did, Trixie pulled back slightly and wiped her eyes. \"Alright. But, I'm holding you to that promise, Speed Racer.\" Speed smiled softly and pressed a kiss to her forehead. \"Okay. Now, will you let me tell you what happened at the track today?\" Whee! And only around 100 words short of 2k. It doesn't look that long written out on paper. ANYWAY! I hope you enjoyed. Hopefully it doesn't take me five years to update again! ","Summary":" Heeee-eey! It's me. I know, hold your applause. Well, recently I bought the new Speed Racer movie f"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"The tragic tale of Billy Crash","Author":"Thecricketsarecalling","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11774476","Passage":"[Chapter 1] To say that Billy Crash was misunderstood would be truly a complete understatement. Several years before he met his grizzly demise at Candyland, he had a life. One that sadly dealt him the pieces that brought him to his end. It began actually three years before his death. Three whole years when he was actually a complete different person. Not the racist, violent, and mean psychopath that Django met. 1855 - Mississippi It all began when Billy was riding into town. He had the last few days off with a few of the other ranchers, and was currently planning on going to Crystal's Saloon, and shack on up at the inn above. There he would drink, play poker, and maybe lure up some of those whores that were waving from the saloon's balcony for the last several months. He had taken good notice of all of them, and decided since he had a tight roll of money in his left boot, he would enjoy the fruits of his labor and kick back for a while before heading back to Candyland. That was the difference between himself and all of the other ranchers who worked at Candyland. He had always been insanely good with saving money ever since he was just a boy and started off helping the local village mason in his shop. An orphan, he had grown up in a small church right outside New Mexico along with several other children without any homes. A result of a rape, he was given up at just a few days old. There he was raised with strict values before being turned off on his own at fifteen. Even then, he saw how ugly people could get when hungry. How terrible it felt to sleep on a filthy dirty floor, beaten if you spoke, or did the wrong thing. The moment he was able to run away, he headed East, working odd jobs, all the while saving as much as he could. That's how he earned his nickname name \"Cash\" instead of Crash, due to his clever way of dealing, sorting, saving, and making money. The nickname drove him nuts, but like most things he didn't give it any further mind. Always thinking two steps ahead, he got himself a job as a rancher here at Candyland after years of being on the road. For most of his twenties he worked on a ranch in Texas, before himself and several others were brought over by Calvin needing good responsible men. Currently, Billy had almost twelve thousand dollars stashed away. He didn't really have any plans besides maybe in a few years to return back to Texas and seek out his own piece of land. Until then he was content working at Candyland, and sleeping out back with the guys. It was a gritty, dirty, and hard life but he didn't mind it. He was behind today, the others had gone on ahead and were at least a half an hour or so closer to town than him. He had started off on old Pallor his horse slower than usual, trying to enjoy the mild weather for a change. Usually the weather was down right unbearable, sticky, and hot. He really didn't mind it since he had grown accustom to working in the hot blazing sun, but as of lately whenever he did indeed get the chance, he liked to slow things down, relax, and be alone with his thoughts. That's when he saw her. He wasn't completely sure if he really believed in love at first sight, but the moment his eyes scanned over to the side of the dirt road and saw her, his heart began hammering in his chest and all sounds, sights, and smells blended together. She was young, sitting in a gray skirt, and Navy Blue sailor blouse. She had gorgeous black hair, pinned up, framing her freckled face, and old worn cowboy boots. She was sitting underneath a weeping willow onto of a spread out blanket making something with her hands. Slowing Old Pallor down, he pulled back on the leather reins, and came to a halt. The girl looked over in his direction, and that's when he knew he was a goner. Her eyes were the most beautiful light shade of blue he had ever seen. Almost as blue as the ocean. She didn't seem to make exact eye contact, staring in his general direction before her head cocked to the side. \"Hello? Is someone there?\" Billy's expression changed instantly. Looking at the way she was staring, he couldn't have been more than just a few feet away from her onto the dirt road. She sat on the side, staring up but not exactly seeing him. Clearing his throat, he tipped his hat. \"Sorry to distube you miss, just wondering why a pretty little thing like yourself is doing out here alone?\" The girl's expression changed, instantly she reached beside her, grasping an old buck knife with a wooden handle. Holding it up, she sat back cool and collected, not looking even the slightest bit scared. \"Listen here, this isn't the first time a fella has gotten fresh with me. I might not be able to see well, but I'm better than most men with this blade, so unless you want your prick cut off, back away!\" Billy grinned, she sure was a spit fire. Slowly dismounting Pallor, he stood beside him and held up his hands. \"Hey, you don't need to hold up that thing. I don't mean no harm. Just on my way into town and noticed you sitting alone here. My name is Billy Crash.\" The girl was still staring off, she continued holding the blade as he cleared his throat and slowly brought Pallor over. She moved the blade, looking a little on edge. Still with one hand held up high, he looped the reign around a thick branch of a tree next to them. Standing back, he raised one hands. \"I swear I'm completely harmless. Just needed to rest my horse. I'm sorry, I didn't get your name…\" \"Because I didn't give it.\" Billy grinned as she continued holding the blade out. Looking closer, he saw that she was working with several small tools he didn't quite recognize. There were thin wire bracelets around her, along with colorful glass beads. It seemed as if she was making jewelry or some sort. Smiling, he leaned back, slowly lowering his hands. \"I don't mean to bother you. I mean, it sure does look like you can handle yourself…\" That's when he cocked his head to the side, looking at her closer. \"Can't you see?\" The girl's expression changed for just a flickering moment, she continued staring off before finally lowering the blade. Sighing, she shook her head. \"Not really…no.\" \"You blind?\" \"Getting there. I can sorta see different shapes and colors if they are up close, but no…I can't see.\" \"Why don't you have glasses?\" The girl looked annoyed. \"If glasses could fix it wouldn't I be wearing them?\" Billy grinned. \"I reckon you would. Please don't take any defense, just the only blind person I've ever met is old man Timber from Eastport, he was blind.\" \"Yeah well…\" The girl laid the blade on her lap, and stared up in his general direction. \"I get along just fine.\" \"You from town?\" \"Past week yes.\" \"That so?\" \"I work for Mr. and Mrs. Anderson.\" \"Aren't they the ones that own the Anderson ranch just outside of town. They own part of the general store now huh?\" She nodded, brushing some of her fallen bangs away from her face. \"They moved down here from California. They got a couple of people working for them. They settled down here earlier this month starting the ranch.\" \"Horses?\" \"Yeah, and peach trees. They used to grow oranges on the coast. They came over here after they bought stock in several businesses in town. Mr. Anderson is trying to give it a go since his children are married off in these parts.\" Billy slipped out one of his hand rolled tobacco cigarettes and popped it into his mouth. Taking a match from his pocket, he struck it against the back of his boot before cupping his hands and inhaling. The girl sniffed the air. \"That red apple?\" Billy grinned. \"You want one?\" \"Sure…\" Taking one from his pocket, he walked over before squatting down. Handing it to her, he watched mildly amused as her hand reached out, almost missing it before he placed it between her fingers. \"Hold on a second…\" Taking his second to last match, he struck it against his boot and leaned over, helping her light it. Moments later, both sat on her blanket smoking in the hot morning sun. The shade from the tree made it all the more pleasant, as did the gentle cool breeze, that kept making Billy get a whiff of whatever perfume she was wearing. \"Thank you.\" \"Don't mention it. So, you Anderson's family or work or them?\" \"I ain't got no family. I'm an orphan. Parents died when I was just a baby. The Anderson's adopted me when I was just four. My vision was better then, but I worked on the farm with a few other children my age.\" \"When did your sight start to go?\" \"When I was twelve or so, it's gotten worse as have my headaches…\" \"You see a doctor about it?\" \"The Anderson's don't exactly in wasting money like that, but I was able to save up some of my earrings and go a few years back. Mind you it wasn't nearly as bad as it is now.\" \"So you work on the farm, even with your sight like that?\" \"There's eight of us in total. Most of the boys work on the farm, me and Minnie mostly help Mrs. Anderson with the house, but I make these bracelets for Mrs. Anderson and sell them to the general store.\" \"How much are they?\" \"A dime a piece, they actually sell pretty well and the materials are cheap. I did the same back on the coast. With my vision the way it's going it's one of the few things I can still do. I spend a few days making them and on Friday I head to the store and sell them.\" \"You come out here all alone?\" \"It's easy, I know we're just a few miles outside of town. Once the gravel starts heading West I know I'm in town. Three yards later I'm at the store. From the store I walk until I reach the East stables, walk down the road another mile, and onto the road that leads to the Anderson's. It isn't that hard.\" \"You do that all yourself? Barley seeing?\" \"I got my cane even though it's pretty pretty worn. The first few days we arrived I walked the route for a whole day before I memorized it. It's actually not that hard if you can get used to it. I can feel texture, listen for sounds, same as with the ranch. I may not be exactly graceful but I do okay.\" Billy sat back, shaking his head as he continued smoking his cigarette. \"Doesn't seem right a girl alone walking. There are some real mean bastards around here, knife or no knife you gotta watch out.\" \"I'll take that in mind Mr. Cash.\" \"Just Billy.\" \"All right Billy. Is it short for William?\" \"Just Billy.\" The girl nodded, finishing her own cigarette before reaching into her pocket. Taking out an old brass pocket watch. Watching closely, he saw her open the tiny glass faceplate and use her fingers to read the time. After a moment she sighed, shut the watch and returned it back to her pocket. \"Excuse me Billy but I gotta get going…\" \"You need a hand?\" Shaking her head, the girl began gathering up her tiny glass beads, wire, and tools. Watching her amazed, he couldn't believe how quickly she moved as she packed everything away in a tiny old gunny sack. Within no time everything was put away as she slipped her knife into her pocket. \"Here…\" Billy rose to his feet, stepping off the blanket as he offered his hand. The girl didn't exactly catch on, before he reached down and grasped her hand. Her skin was smooth and soft against his rough larger hand. Helping her up, he watched as she went to lean down to gather her blanket but he beat her to it. Folding it up, he held it before asking where she wanted it? Motioning to her gunny sack, she opened it as he slid it inside, surprised it even fit. Drawing the rope string, she lopped it around her shoulder, and grasped her cane. \"Thank you Billy.\" \"No problem. Listen, I'm heading into town. It would be a pleasure if you rode with me?\" The girl looked uncertain. \"I better not. The Anderson's are sorta funny of who their workers talk to. Besides I'm due back.\" \"I'll drop you in town, honest.\" The girl stared blankly for a moment before he laughed. \"Listen, you got nothing to worry about. I won't be fresh. Besides I know if I even tired anything I might have that knife dug deep into my throat.\" The girl softly smiled. \"You got that right…\" \"So please, ride with me. It won't take long and save you some time.\" After a moment she nodded before Billy smiled. Unhooking Pallor, he reached down putting his hand around her waist to scoop her up onto the saddle with himself. Instantly he felt her tense, and had to hold back from chuckling. Stepping up, he lifted her up, and had her sit in front of him sideways. \"Put your arm around my neck and hold on tight, I got your bag and cane…\" The girl nodded as she adjusted herself, sitting close against him, staring off into space. Fixing her bag and cane to the back, he checked himself before gently kicking Pallor as they started to ride down the road. Instantly the girl wobbled before holding onto Billy tighter. her hand went around his shoulder and neck, leaning in close. Feeling the side of her body against his own, he tried to focus on riding instead of how sweet she smelled, or how soft her hand felt against his sunburnt neck. He continued riding, listening to Pallor gallop against the road, before his eyes closely looked her over. She really was beautiful. \"I didn't get your name yet…\" The girl seemed to snap out of her thoughts as she continued holding onto him as they rode along. Turning her head she looked up at him. \"Blue.\" \"Blue? Like the color?\" She nodded. \"I never knew my real name so the Anderson's ended up calling me blue because of my eyes, just sorta caught on.\" \"Well that's real pretty. Pleased to meet you Blue…\" He saw another flicker of a smile on her lips. Together they rode on in silence, and Billy had to resist from moaning whenever she clutched onto him or sat closer to him as Pallor bounced and bumped their bodies against each other. He knew he was getting pretty hard between the tight frabic of his jeans as they kept riding along, and prayed to God she wouldn't feel it or notice. Instead, she sat there, leaning against him before finally they reached town, two whole streets packed with businesses. It was a busy day in town, and people were all about. \"I can take you up to the store…\" Blue quickly shook her head. \"No, I'm fine, I'll get off here.\" \"You sure?\" \"Positive, thank you for the ride, it was awfully kind of you.\" \"Yeah well, I don't want a pretty thing like yourself getting hurt. Like I said, these parts aren't really the place you wanna wander alone.\" \"I can…\" \"I know, take care of yourself.\" Blue blushed slightly before Billy told her to hold on. Carefully he helped her down onto her feet. Feeling better that he was standing, he couldn't believe the erection he had. Hoping to walk it off, he turned and took her cane and bag down from Pallor and handed her them. Watching again, he saw her slip the bag on and clutch her cane. Tipping his hat, he smiled. \"Well, I certainly hope our paths will cross again Blue.\" \"I'm sure they will. Take care Billy Crash…\" With that he watched her turn and walk away, using her cane as she walked her way down the street. Watching her, he smiled. Once he lost sight of her in the crowds, he walked Pallor over to the stables, still smelling that sweet perfume on his clothes. That night… \"Oh honey, that's okay sugar. Happens to most men…\" Rose, one of the whores said as she stashed the cash he had given her earlier into her corset. Buckling his belt, he stood more than a little angry and embarrassed. The only times he hadn't been able to get it up was one he was three sheets to the wind drunk off his ass. Tonight after spending some time downstairs at the saloon, he had taken Rose upstairs. After a good half an hour of sweating and trying, he simply threw her a few crumpled up bills and told her to leave. Blowing him a kiss, Rose winked before leaving, shutting the door behind him. Sitting on the bed, outraged, he swore under his breath before knowing he needed to get some fresh air. Later… Dressed, Billy smoked a cigarette, and walked the back alleyways, hearing the faint music from the saloon. Most of the other work hands were upstairs fucking whatever whore they could pay the cheapest. Taking a good walk, he stuck to the shadows, watching the little ember of his cigarette glow in the darkness. That's when he looked out and saw the general store. It was closing, and he watched Blue carefully climb down the steps using her cane. Mr. Miller waved to her goodnight before heading in his own direction. Billy watched from a distance as Blue started to walk with her cane down the main street. That's when he heard cat calls and whistles coming from the other direction. Turning, he saw three drunken fools hanging out near the closed post office. Blue didn't pay them any further mind and didn't take notice that they were silently following her. Instantly, Billy threw down his smoke and followed. A few minutes later, Billy just a few yards away watched just as they reached the edge of town as the men circled around Blue. \"My! My! What is a pretty little pussy like yourself doing out here all alone?\" Blue tried pushing past them, showing no reaction. Two of the other men blocked her way. \"Hey don't you have any manners? We're talking to you!\" \"Fuck off and leave me be!\" Blue snapped, trying to push past. That's when one of the men gave her a good push, causing her to stumble forward. Billy thought for sure at his distance that she was going to trip and sprawl out forward. Instead, she swayed, used his cane to brace herself and spun around with her trusty knife lashed out. \"Leave me be dammit!\" The men all laughed, circling in on her. As one, the largest of the three stepped toward Blue turned quickly to the right and jabbed the knife straight into his shoulder. Roaring with pain, the man screamed, pulling backwards taking the blade with him. \"YOU BITCH!\" With that the other two men jumped forward like a pouncing animal. One took a handful of Blue's hair, yanking upward as the other swung out his fist. First punching her in the stomach, then in the face. Billy's entire face crumpled as he watched this all unfold within thirty or so seconds. Breaking off into a full speed run, he reached the two men and took his pistol out. Instead of firing, he turned it backwards, hitting one of the men as hard as he could with the pearl butt of his gun. He heard it make impact with the man's skull, causing a terrible cracking noise to fill the night air. The other man turned just in time to be greeted by the back of Billy's gun right across the bridge of the nose. Howling out in pain, the man collapsed to his knees, nose gushing blood. Blue fell backwards, tangled up with her cane and hit the gravel hard. Turning, Billy saw the other man, Blue's knife rammed straight into his shoulder. Billy's face glared as he aimed the gun straight towards the man laying on his back. He cocked the gun, taking it off the safety. His eyes stone cold, he waited. The man looked up at Billy before he stepped forward, spurs clicking as he squared down, gun aimed. \"I'm…sorry, please…we didn't mean anything…\" Billy leaned forward, pressing the barrel of the gun right against the trembling man's forehead. \"You and your buddies leave town now or so help me God I'll shoot you all down like dogs.\" The man nodded before Billy stood up. Hearing the moans and yells of pain from the others, he watched as the man slowly got to his feet, knife still sticking out of his shoulder before struggling to help his two friends up. The one he had hit over the head wobbled, grasping onto the larger one as the third, who's entire face was dripping with his own blood struggled. The three turned, and as fast as they could hurried away in the darkness. Billy felt his blood boil, his temples pound, and his chest heave. He couldn't remember the last time he had been so angry. Slowly he turned, and saw Blue getting to her feet. Her clothes were a little dirty, and her hair messy, but otherwise she seemed okay. Putting his gun back, he marched over. \"That you Billy Crash?\" Billy froze raising an eyebrow. \"How did ya know?\" \"Your voice, and those spurs. I get used to people's different sounds in no time. They gone?\" Billy turned, he didn't see nor hear them anymore. Instead faintly he could still hear the music coming from the saloon. Shaking his head he turned back towards her. \"They ran off, you okay?\" Blue blindly reached down, trying to locate her walking stick before Billy snatched it up and handed it to her. \"Thanks…\" That's when he saw the bruise all ready beginning to form near her jawbone. The skin looked ugly and red. \"Jesus you're hurt…\" \"No, I'm fine really…\" Billy reached forward trying to take a better look at her face. Instead she flinched away. Shaking her head, she brushed back some of her hair from behind her ears and clutched onto her cane. \"I'm fine, I'll just tell the Anderson's I was clumsy and fell…\" \"Bullshit, you were attacked.\" \"They won't see it that way. I'm sorry for making you go to all that trouble. I'm not trying to sound ungrateful or anything but…you weren't following me were you?\" \"I was out having a smoke and noticed you leaving the store. I saw those fellas starting to follow you. It's my own damn fault I didn't run over faster, I'm sorry.\" Blue's glassy eyes stared off as she shook her head. \"It isn't your fault. I should have been listening better. Looks like you were right Mr. Crash. A stupid girl like me really shouldn't be wandering. Did they get my knife…\" \"Never mind that, please let me take a look at your face dammit.\" Blue went to step away when Billy's hands shot out, taking hold of her arms. Gently he pulled her forward before closely examining her face. The moment his fingers touched her, she flinched away, hissing out in pain. Instantly, Billy dropped his eyes. \"Sorry…\" He could tell the skin was all ready swollen. That bastard had really taken a good whack at her before he ran over. Pulling back slightly, she shook her head. \"I'm fine really. I'll put a cool cloth on it once I get back to the Anderson's…\" \"How's your stomach?\" \"Fine really, please I have to go…\" He wouldn't let go. Instead he looked over her pale innocent face and sighed, looking her closely over. \"How old are you?\" \"What?\" \"How old are you?\" \"I just turned sixteen why?\" Jesus, she was young enough to be his own daughter. Looking at her, he couldn't believe how pale she looked living out here. Her hair was dark and healthy looking, and her eyes…as beautiful as they were they seemed out of place on her. A girl like this should of had dark brown eyes, maybe hazel, not a light crystal blue like this. She reminded him almost of a China doll. Blue stared up, before her nose wrinkled. \"You smell like moonshine…\" \"Maybe a quick shot of some would help with that face, it's going to hurt like Hell in the morning…\" \"I'm fine really…\" Letting go of her wrists, he knew not to press the issue. Motioning with his head towards the stables he sighed. \"Let me at least ride you over to the ranch, you shouldn't walk after this. Those fools might still be around.\" \"I'll be fine.\" \"You sure are stubborn aren't you?\" A small smile appeared on Blue's face before she reached out. It was Billy's time to flinch. \"What are you doing?\" \"Can I touch you're face? Sorry habit of mine…\" Billy stood there raising an eyebrow before shrugging. Standing there he waited as Blue stood up on her tiptoes and reached forward. Her soft hands felt his face, first against his own jawbone, up to his cheeks which were covered in almost three day old stubble. Slowly her hands swept over to his lips, tightly closed, his chin, up to his nose, and over his forehead. She touched the brim of his hat before leaning in closer. Her breasts pressing against him as she closely, just a mere inch away stared at him. Setting back on her feet, she smiled. \"You are a handsome man Mr. Crash.\" Billy laughed. \"Oh, I don't know about that. Now please, can I take you home.\" Blue shook her head. \"It wouldn't be a good idea. I'm fine really. I'm not exactly good at this but thank you.\" Turning, she clutched onto her cane before walking away. He could tell just from here that she was hurting, but was doing a damn good job hiding this. Shaking his head, he decided to follow her. He would keep his distance, but wanted to make sure she got home along fine. He walked as softly as he could, knowing very well those stupid spurs were giving him away. Still, Blue never turned back once. Instead she continued on without pausing once. Finally, just outside of town she turned towards the fields down a dirt road. He decided he had gone far enough just in case these Anderson's had men waiting with guns protecting the land. Watching her go in nothing but the pale moonlight, he couldn't believe it, but the strangest overwhelming sense of protecting her settled around her. He knew if he ever saw those three bastards again he would kill them. With a tip of his hat, he turned and walked back to town with his hands in his pockets. He couldn't believe it, but he thought of her the entire time. The next morning… Billy woke with a terrible hangover. Shuffling down the steps of the saloon he grabbed himself a hot cup of coffee, trying to nurse his headache. Most of the guys were still asleep upstairs. Feeling his stubble covered chin, he knew he needed to head to the bathhouse soon. This weather was making his sweat and stink to high Heaven, and remembering the faint scent of something he couldn't quite place. He remembered back when he was twenty eight or so he helped put in a new set of stairs at a small perfume shop. Remembering her hands softly touching his face images of ocean and exotic amber, maybe cedar wood as well… It wasn't a strong smell, not overpowering like those whores like Rose who bathed in perfume to mask their sweat. Instead, Blue smelled clean, fresh, nothing like anything before. Remembering last night and those haunting blue eyes, he kept thinking about her before deciding maybe he would stroll on down to the general store and see what else he could find out about her. Later… \"She hasn't come in yet which is a little unusual since she said today she was bringing in more bracelets. You wouldn't believe how many people passing through buy that stuff. Pretty talented for a blind girl. You two know each other?\" Billy leaned against the counter of Miller's general store, picking at his nails with his pocket knife. Sighing he shook his head. \"No, not really. What do you know about the Anderson's, people who live with her outside of town.\" Instantly Old man Miller's face dropped. \"I might not know them well since they are fairly new here, but I'll tell you one thing Billy Crash, they are not good people.\" Billy turned, now interested. \"How so?\" Mr. Miller chewed on some chewing tobacco and shook his head. \"None of my business but all I know is they aren't good people. Couple of scan artist. They are well off, but you don't wanna know how they went about getting what they had.\" \"That blind girl Blue, she's their adopted daughter?\" Miller nodded. \"Along with a few others, all different ages. Children they aren't worth a damn. From what I heard if they work them hard until they drop or don't have any use for them. I can't figure out why they held onto Blue as long as they did. She's been with them for some time. That woman, Mrs. Anderson had come into town a few times. Breaks your heart hearing the way she barks at her, acting like she's stupid or something.\" Billy nodded, all the while not liking what he heard. Not one little bit. Instead of heading to the bathhouse as expected, Billy decided to venture out over to the Anderson place and see if old man Miller knew what he was talking about. He hadn't really gotten a chance to take a look around the property but figured it was the same as the rest in this area. Besides, he couldn't stop thinking about Blue and wanted to know how her jaw was healing up. He had swung back around the saloon to see if anyone mentioned those three men last night but hadn't heard one single word. He figured like so many others, they were just passing through and picked the wrong person to start with. He knew very well if he hadn't strolled along, poor Blue would have gotten herself raped. \"Sixteen, good Lord…\" He muttered as he mounted Pallor and rode on down the road. He honestly couldn't believe it. After a while he reached the property and started on down the long dirt road. It really wasn't much of a ranch. There were two vast fields on each side lined with trees. Up ahead there were stables, a barn, and the main house. He saw a few slaves over near the stables tending the horses. trotting on over, he approached one who stared up at him with nervous eyes. \"This the Anderson place?\" \"Yes sir, should I go fetch my master?\" Annoyed, Billy shook his head. \"No, I'm a friend of Blue, you know her?\" Instantly the slave glanced over at another who was sitting on a stump plucking feathers off a dead chicken. Billy caught the glance and his brow wrinkled. \"What's the matter?\" \"Um, Miss Blue isn't calling on any visitors today sir.\" \"She okay?\" Before the slave could answer, a blood curdling scream came from the main house. Instantly Billy's head shot up staring in that direction. He waited for a moment before the sound came again, even louder. It was Blue. \"Goddamnit…\" He muttered before getting off his horse. Unhooking his pistol from it's holster, he marched his way towards the side of the house as the slave tried shouting for him to wait. Ignoring them, he continued forward and as he came closer to the side of the house, the cries and helpless screams of Blue came closer. Hurrying along, he looked inside one of the windows that he suspected was the kitchen. Blue was kneeling on the floor. She wore slacks, and nothing else. Her hair was back up, but fallen slightly in her eyes. She was crying loudly, chest hitching, and her head hung down. A massive woman, with graying hair held up her walking stick and shouted, waving it about. \"You think you are too good to work here and earn your keep. If it were't for us you would be laying in a ditch somewhere you lazy whore!\" Blue raised her head, it was hard to tell but Billy saw that the bruise on her jaw had spread all the way down to her throat. Tears were rolling down her face, and there were patches all over her back of different bruises, all ranging from different shades of blue, red, and a terrible ugly brownish yellow. Right away he knew what was going on here. Blue tried to explain herself. \"Please, i was jumped leaving the store last night. Three men almost killed me. I swear I was with nobody else!\" \"Bullshit! You sure are lucky it ain't daddy talking care of you. Cut all that pretty hair off that head and shove it down your throat! You are a useless blind bat!\" Grabbing the stick, she swung it and hit Blue right across the back. Blue screamed as the woman raised it again, hitting her even harder causing the cane to splitter into two. That's when Billy had enough, grabbing his gun he ran around the house before reaching a side door. Pulling it open, nearly taking it off the hinges he ran inside almost skidding before running towards the source of the screams. Once he entered the kitchen, he saw that bitch was using the longer part of the broken cane to continue beating Blue who had nearly collapsed onto the floor. Eyes widening with rage, he hollered at the top of his lungs for her to get away from her before firing a warning shot into the ceiling. The bullet echoed through the room, causing bits of crumbled wood to fall down. The large woman jumped, dropping the cane before turning and staring at him. \"Who in the Hell are you?!\" Billy aimed the gun right at her. \"I'm the person who's going to send you straight to Hell you big fat bitch, now get away from her or I'll blast you in the knee cap I swear to God.\" \"You are breaking into my house! I'll have the law after you!\" \"And show them how you are abusing this poor girl?!\" \"She's my daughter! I'll punish her as I see fit! Now get out before my husband arrives home and kills you!\" \"She isn't your daughter and she was telling the truth last night about being jumped. I will go fetch the sheriff if I have to and show him how you are beating this poor girl to death!\" The woman glared before motioning over to Blue who had collapsed into a heap crying, her head in her hands, her back bleeding. \"Nobody cares about a little blind bitch like this!\" Billy then carefully reached into his boot and took out his tight roll of cash he had brought into town. \"If you feel that way then I would like to buy her.\" The woman's face fell. \"She ain't no nigger!\" \"Well you sure are treating her like one. There is a little over four hundred and fifty dollars in there, count it and see.\" The woman didn't look like she was about to trust Billy, but he tossed the roll over to her just the same. Catching it with untrusting eyes, the woman silently began to count as Blue's sobs were the only sound that filled the kitchen. Billy's finger remained on the trigger of the gun as he waited. His eyes kept glancing over at Blue, wanting so badly to kneel down and check her. Instead, his eyes continued to return and glare at the woman before she finished counting. Snorting, she motioned over to Blue. \"You aren't sweet on her are you? No way any man with a brain would want to spend this kind of money on a blind little girl.\" \"Do we have a deal?\" \"I want five hundred and fifty.\" Billy took a step forward. \"No deal, I swear I will shoot and make sure you never walk again.\" \"You'll go to jail.\" \"It will be worth it seeing a pig like yourself bleed all over this nice clean floor.\" Glaring back at him, the woman rolled her eyes and flapped her hand. \"Fine, stupid bitch was more of a hassle to take care of anyways. My husband won't be happy but money is money.\" \"I'm giving you ten minutes to collect whatever is hers and sign a paper over this sale. I don't want that husband of yours or anyone else stalking around wanting her back. If not I will go to the law you understand?\" The woman glared back before nodding. \"Fine…\" Walking out, Billy half expected her to return with a shotgun. Instead he waited, not daring to go over to Blue until he knew they were safe. Pistol ready, he waited, hearing the heart breaking cries of Blue as she remained on the floor. Finally the woman returned with a bag and two pieces of paper and a fancy quill pen. \"Come on dammit, sign and get her out of here she's bleeding all over my floor. Later… One of the slaves had helped hook up Blue's bag to Billy's horse. His bill of sale was tucked neatly inside his vest pocket, and his jacket thrown over Blue's shoulders. He wanted her somewhat covered up before they left and didn't even take notice of her naked body besides the terrible and ugly bruises and wounds that covered her. Gun still pointed, he scooped her up and carried her to the horse where she continued to softy cry, burying her face against his chest. Once they were up on the horse, Billy glanced back once at the large woman staring at them at the porch before spitting in her direction. Kicking Pallor, the horse cried as they rode off as fast as he could. Later… Just a few miles away from Candy Land, Billy stopped Pallor and made Blue look up at him. Tears were still rolling from her dead blue eyes. \"Shhhh, there, there, you're all right. It's all over…\" When he tried to hold her tighter, she cried out and instantly he knew it was her back. Sighing, he gently stroked her hair. \"What happened back there?\" \"Mamma…I mean Mrs. Anderson saw the new bruises on me and didn't believe me about what happened last night…why did you come?\" \"Call it a funny feeling.\" \"Did you really…buy me?\" \"I'm sorry as Hell Blue but that's the only way that crazed bitch was going to let you go…\" Blue shook her head. \"You shouldn't have wasted your money. She's beaten me plenty before…\" \"It ain't right. Nobody and I mean nobody should have to go through that. She could have killed you.\" \"I'm sure she didn't pack away any of my savings, but I'll find a way to pay you back Billy.\" Billy shook her head. \"No need…\" \"Yes it is. I'm not a slave, I may be blind but I'm not stupid. We just met the day before and this is the second time you have saved me. I won't allow it anymore or be ungrateful…I'll do whatever I can to pay off my debt, please…\" \"What you can do is lay back and shut up. I'm taking you to the place I work at.\" \"Candy Land?\" \"How did you know?\" \"I asked Mr. Miller about you. Are you a work hand?\" \"Sorta, my boss Calvin isn't the best of men but he's a sweetheart next to the Anderson's. I bought you fair and square back there and I have the papers to prove it. I wouldn't be surprised if Mr. Anderson stalks around demanding you back or something but a deal is a deal. Calvin will stick up for you if he knows you're my…and forgive me for phasing it this way but property. We'll get you on the mend and maybe you can earn your keep here. It isn't easy and I honestly don't know what a practically blind girl could do but there are plenty of women there, so maybe something can be worked out.\" \"Billy…\" Blue then dropped her lifeless eyes and shook her head. \"Never mind, thank you…\" Reaching down, Billy took one of her smooth sweet smelling hands and kissed it. \"Don't pay that no more mind. Let's get you up here and rested okay?\" Blue nodded as Billy continued to ride forward. When he arrived ten or so minutes later That night… \"Why Billy Crash, I never thought I would see the day where you were as concerned as a daddy who watched their very own firstborn take a spill from a wagon.\" Cora said with a smirk as she walked past him carrying fresh torn clothes. Billy ignored this remark and continued watching from the doorway of the quarters out back where some of the help along with the hands lived. He had carried Blue into Candy Land, and instantly yelled for one of the slaves to fetch a doctor. Now just a few hours later, he watched as Blue laid on her stomach, still topless, head turned to the side as her back was being tended to. Calvin, who was in his study with Stephen had come out to see what all the fuss was about. Stephen as always wanted to know what the hell was going on? Billy tried to explain himself, still holding onto Blue, covered up by his jacket and bleeding badly. Calvin had one of the men fetch the doctor, where he arrived within the hour. Billy had brought her to his room out back, laying her down. She was unconscious most likely due to the pain. He stayed that way until the doctor arrived and forced him to leave. In the hallway Billy explained himself. He told Calvin about meeting Blue in town, and what the Anderson's were doing. Showing him the piece of paper that had the bill of sale, Calvin took it, brow wrinkled as he scanned it over. \"A sale is a sale Billy, but I must admit I haven't ever seen a white person sold for such a price. How old is she?\" \"Barley sixteen.\" Nodding, Calvin handed it over and shook his head. \"You are one of my best men Billy, so there's no judgement on where you spend your money. I don't know what in the hell we're going to do with a blind teenager…\" \"She's very capable, you should see what she can do. Besides I'll take care of her, she'll be my responsibility. She can have part of my shares, including food. I swear if she's a problem I'll take care of it.\" Calvin waved his hand. \"Hold on Billy, don't you worry, I'm sure my darling sister will find sue for her. She's been dying for another white girl to talk to and fuss with. She sure is pretty and I'm certain she'll find something for her to do. If you bought her, she's yours.\" \"What about the Anderson's?\" \"Now Billy, I'm sure just between us you'll take care of them right?\" Billy's eyes narrowed before he nodded. \"You got that right.\" \"Well then, if you excuse me I got to meet Sheba in town to watch a fight.\" Nodding, Billy watched Calvin leave before he turned back. The doctor had wanted to closely examine Blue, but after sedating her he had to go back into town to help a man who had broken his leg after falling from his horse. He said she had a few broken ribs, the bruises and cuts on her were bad, but would mend in time. She would have to lay this way for at least a week and to keep those cuts clean to avoid infection. He had promised Billy, he would be back within the week to check her over. Cora had helped put tea leafs and cool soaked cloths across her back as she slept. Billy usually didn't mind Cora, but tonight his hand itched to slap her. He watched as she continued laying the clothes across her badly bruised back before he sighed. \"I'll be back…\" Turning, Billy knew he wouldn't return until well after sunset, but he knew he had plans. Going into the barn, he took a whole armful of glass milk bottles and began filling them with lantern oil. That night… Billy had returned from the bathhouse on Candy Land's property, freshly shaven and dried off. Having changed into new clothes, he had tossed his jeans and vest away. The smell of oil and smoke was scrubbed clean off him. Returning to his quarters, he found Cora sitting in the chair beside his bed where Blue laid still asleep. She had the lantern on by the bedside table, and was sewing what appeared to be a button onto one of Calvin's jackets. \"Hi Billy, she's still asleep. You all right sugar?\" Billy nodded. \"Thank you Cora…\" Cora, slightly surprised by this got up and tucked her things under her arm. \"Um, I'll be in the main house…ring me or the others if you need anything. I just put fresh bandages on her, I'll be here in the morning to change them…\" Cora hurried away before Billy stared at Blue, still sleeping on her stomach, her hair pooled over one shoulder. Setting down his things, he walked over before slipping his boots off. Carefully, he scooted to the edge of the narrow bunk, hiking himself on one elbow watching her. Looking over her bruises beaten back, he sighed before whispering… \"Don't you worry darling. I'll take care of you…I promise…\" A few hours later… Drifting in and out of broken sleep, Billy was awoken to the sounds of hurrying footfalls. It was a little before dawn. He had fallen asleep gently inhaling the sweet scent of Blue's hair. Thomas, another work hand appeared in the doorway before freezing, slightly embarrassed. \"Oh shit, sorry Billy…\" Billy craned his neck up, stiff and sore. \"What is it?\" \"That ranch she came from just burned down to the ground!\" Billy raised an eyebrow. \"What?\" Thomas nodded. \"Yep, whole place burned down with everyone inside. Half the town is out there…\" \"That's a shame…\" Calvin's voice said as he walked on in, cigarette holding in his hand. Thomas looked a little surprised to see Calvin back at their quarters at such an early hour. \"Um…\" Calvin smiled. \"Thank you Billy for helping me with the horses tonight.\" Billy at first didn't understand what Calvin was doing until he understood. Nodding, he looked up. \"Anytime…\" Calvin pointed to Blue. \"Good thing you got that pretty little thing out of there when you did. Those damn fools ended up accidentally burning themselves up.\" With that Calvin turned and walked out, leaving Thomas speechless. For a second there was silence before finally Thomas took his hat off. \"Um, I'm gonna get some sleep…see you later.\" Once he heard Thomas walk away, Billy knew he was safe. For some strange reason Calvin was covering up for him, and at this exact moment he wasn't going to question it. Instead he laid back down beside Blue, and gently stroked her hair.[Chapter 2] By morning the buzz about Blue's arrival along with the mysterious burning of the Anderson farm filled the plantation. The sheriff arrived as suspected, and Calvin invited him into his pallor for some morning tea as he questioned him and Billy over Blue. Billy had been roused out of bed shortly after dawn. Cora took over to watch Blue as Billy grabbed his hat and boots and hurried over to the main house after Cora said he was expected. There he stayed calm and collected, standing and answering the questions the sheriff asked. Calvin told the sheriff that around the time they estimated the fire began Billy was helping him along with one of his horses when he started to nurse it's back leg. He usually met him half way, and seeing that he was helping him almost ten miles away from the Anderson Ranch, it was impossible he was there to start the fire. The sheriff listened before looking over at Billy who remained still. \"Now what is this about their daughter Blue, the blind one? Word as it you bought her and the Anderson's were nightly upset. One of their hired help said Mrs. Anderson was cursing your name up and down the rest of the afternoon.\" Billy shook his head. \"She wasn't their daughter sheriff, she was adopted. I ran into her the day before when some men passing through were giving her a hard time. I came over yesterday to go check in on her when I saw that Mrs. Anderson was beating her to holly hell. She's nearly blind, and just a child. I offered to…well buy her and she agreed but didn't like the price I was willing to pay flat out. I figured she could be of some help here on the ranch, even with her disability. I was just trying to do the right thing. She's around back if you want to see her, and see how chewed up her back is.\" Calvin nodded. \"It's all true sir. Mr. Crash even has his bill of sale…\" He motioned to Billy who handed it over. The sheriff looked it over before glancing up. \"Don't you find it a little funny that the same day you buy this girl the entire ranch goes up in flames, killing everyone inside.\" Billy shrugged. \"Bad luck for them, good luck for her that she wasn't there.\" The sheriff stroked his beard before sighing and handed back the piece of paper. \"It doesn't appear to be any foul play, but the entire place including the corpses are burnt up pretty bad. The Anderson's were fairly new in these parts but from what I heard weren't very good people. You boys mind that girl…\" Getting up the sheriff thanked Calvin for the drinks before Calvin rose and saw him to the door. Billy watched uneasy before waiting. Shortly after Calvin arrived and Billy bowed his head. \"Thank you…\" Calvin waved his hand. \"Don't mention it. You are a good man Billy Crash. Now I'll give you the next few days off to tend to that girl. Call on Cora whenever you want. I'll have the doctor back here in a few days. Once she's got her strength back we'll have Laura figure out something with her. She's in town visiting in on some friends but when I saw her last night she was tickled pink over the thought of a white woman around here…\" The two began walking out back before calvin smiled and clapped onto Billy's shoulder. \"You gonna marry this girl Billy?\" Billy seemed taken a little off guard, blinking he stared. \"What?\" \"Marry her. I mean I know you are one sly dog but we have certain appearances we need to keep here. It wouldn't be decent if you lived with this woman out of wedlock. Now I'm not saying you need to marry her right away, but do know people are watching, and…judging my friend.\" With that Calvin turned and continued walking down the hallway leaving Billy speechless. When he came back to his quarters, he saw Cora gently humming, dabbing the wet cloth against Blue's wounds. Blue, now awake laid there on her stomach, eyes snapped tightly shut as her tiny fists grabbed onto the bunk below. Billy dropped his eyes, before clearing his throat in the doorway. Cora looked over and smiled. \"Mr. Cash, we're just finishing up. She's a brave little thing, pretty to.\" Billy walked over, spurs clicking before he paused at the edge of the bed. That's when Blue's faded eyes opened up and looked around the room. \"That you Billy?\" Billy sighed before looking at Cora. \"She all right?\" \"She's exhausted but we're keeping her nice and cool. Had a little broth and water. The doctor left this…\" She held out a small greenish glass bottle. \"He said if the pain gets too bad to just dump some of this onto a cloth and have her breath in…\" \"I'll take it from here…\" Billy, almost in a trance sat down beside her before Cora got up, carrying her basket out. \"I'll come back later this afternoon. I'll bring you some lunch to…\" Once Cora left, Billy reached over and gathered up one of Blue's hands. Gently, he kissed the top of it. \"How you doing darling?\" \"Is it true?\" \"What?\" \"The Anderson's. I heard some of the men in the other room talking about it. Did it really burn down?\" Billy didn't say anything. After a few minutes, he sighed and shook his head. \"Yeah, I'm sorry. They said they think it was a lantern or something that started it.\" \"Are they all dead?\" \"Yeah, the sheriff came by…\" Blue silently stared off to the side. \"There were a few good people that lived on that ranch, people like we who were adopted and worked the place…should have been me…\" \"Don't you say that.\" Billy snapped, squeezing her hand. \"It's true…I've been so much trouble all ready…\" \"Don't you worry about that. Things are just fine, we got you on the mend…\" \"You did it didn't you?\" Billy froze, instead of speaking he just stared down at her waiting for a response. Finally, her own hand squeezed his back. \"You did it for me didn't you? The others didn't deserve it Billy, but I'm happier than Hell mamma and daddy are gone. I hope they rot in Hell…\" \"Well you don't need to think about that anymore…\" \"I won't tell Billy, I owe you that. I know you were just trying to help, but please…don't kill on my behalf again. I don't deserve any bloodshed.\" \"Hush now…\" He reached down, gently petting her hair back. Looking over her broken and bruised up back he sighed. \"Does it hurt?\" \"I'm kinda numb…everyone has been so nice. That woman Cora has a nice voice…\" \"Do you need anything?\" \"No I'm fine…\" \"Don't lie Blue, you need some of this stuff?\" He shook the bottle Cora gave him. Shaking her head slightly, Blue remained laying there, her hand still in his. \"No, I'm fine…you got someplace you gotta be?\" \"Actually, Calvin gave me a little time off.\" \"That's good. Enjoy yourself…I'm just gonna lay here for a while, sleep…\" \"Well darling, that sounds like a good idea…\" Carefully he stood up again and scooted onto the bed with her. Making sure not to touch her back, he laid himself back, looking down at her. Blue remained staring forward. \"You don't need to stay…\" \"I want you. I want to take care of you…\" \"Billy…\" \"Shhhh now, get some sleep…\" Brushing her hair back, he laid down, staring at her before smiling. After some time, he finally drifted off as well. For the remainder of the week Billy and Cora continued to tend to Blue. Billy stayed by Blue's side as much as possible, always feeling his blood boil whenever she cried out in pain as her wounds mended. At one point while Cora was cleaning her cuts, Blue grasped onto the sheets below her and stiffed a cry before Billy's eyes flashed and he drew his pistol. \"\"What are you doing to her dammit?!\" Blue tried to mutter an apology before passing out from the pain. Cora nervously looked up telling him she was sorry before going back to what she was doing. Putting his pistol back, he continued glaring at her. \"You hurt her, I'll hurt you.\" When Cora left that night Blue raised her head. Instantly her pale blue eyes looked disappointed. \"She's helping me Billy. I'm not trying to tell you any of your own business but she is.\" Billy told her to hush before sitting beside her. He hated to admit it, but she was right. Cora stayed with her during the day while he oversaw the fields with the other hands, and often rode into town rounding up possible Mandingo fighters. Today he spent an exhausting ten hours in a barn just a few miles down the road helping train two future candidates. He shouted at them, slowly circling around as they wrestled each other down to the ground. By the time he came back to the plantation Cora had fed, bathed, and tended to Blue. Still, she was a nigger plain and simple. It was her job to help and if she didn't like being shouted at she could take it up with him. Calvin had met him in passing just yesterday asking on how Blue was healing up. Having it only been just a few days, Billy cleared his throat saying fine and thanked him again for his resources. Calvin smiled saying no trouble at all, but his sister was just itching to meet her. Once she was back on her feet he intended on the two meeting. But as much as Billy hated to think it, he liked it just being the two of them. Blue had been staying here almost a week now, and he knew for damn certain he had fallen head over heels in love for this girl. He missed her terribly whenever he rode off with the others, and thought about her all day until he returned after sunset. As always he came back to his quarters to find Blue laying on her stomach, her wounds still looking horrible but slowly and surely healing. Most of the evenings Cora would stay with them, humming gently before retiring for the night. Once alone, Billy would crawl into the side of the narrow bunk and talk to Blue as she slept, not exactly sure if she could hear a single word. still, he enjoyed closely looking her pale sleeping face over, slowly memorizing every single detail of her skin. Every freckle, every shade, every single thing. Most mornings he awoke to hear the others getting ready to leave and once he dressed Cora would be waiting outside the door. Within the end of the week, he was pleasantly surprised to find Blue sitting up. Cora fetched the doctor who remarked that her wounds were healing just fine. Within days she was walking. Then there came a day when Billy, hot, tired, and cranky arrived back to the plantation to find his bunk empty. Eyes widening, he noticed all of Blue's things missing. In the last nine days or so, he had gotten used to having her always there in his room waiting. Most of the time she slept, and Cora was always breathing down their necks, but she supplied the strangest sense of comfort to him. He knew rumors were flying high around, but none of the men dared to mention the fire, or Blue at all. More than once Billy's eyes drifted down to the sheet. She was usually topless, laying on her stomach. Once or twice he was tempted to glance below the sheets, seeing the side of her pulp scoops of breasts pressed against the bunk. More than once he wanted to reach down and touch her. Instead, he decided to stay decent as hard as it was. He wouldn't ruin this, not on his life. Seeing her gone, his heart leapt into his throat before he spun around, franticly looking around. When he reached the big house, he spotted Cora addressing a few of the maids who were going around back to scrub some sheets down. Hurrying over, he looked up at her as she carried a basket up the stairs. \"Where is she?\" \"Blue?\" \"No, Mary Todd fucking Lincoln! Who do you think?!\" \"Calm down Mr. Crash…\" Billy raised his eyes and watched Calvin stroll down the steps, smoking one of his French cigarettes. Smiling, he stopped on the second to last step. \"Don't worry none Billy. Blue has moved into the big house.\" Billy looked up at the massive white mansion. \"The big house?\" \"Yes. Laura met with Blue this afternoon once we heard she was healing up nicely. You know, I have never seen my sister so happy to have another woman around to talk to. They hit it off perfectly and Laura insisted she stay here. Besides, it's only decent. A pretty young thing shouldn't be sleeping in the men's quarters out back. Anywho, it's not like you two are married or anything…\" Billy stared up, speechless. Calvin smiled, knowing he had gotten him. \"You can see her tomorrow. Laura is fetching some of the help to buy some antique glass beads for her to start making her some jewelry. She had some samples in her bag and she absolutely fell in love with them. Don't you worry, she's right up there and doing just fine…\" He motioned up to one of the windows before grinning. \"Now if you please excuse me, I have a poker game I must be getting to…\" With that Calvin turned and climbed the steps with Cora and disappeared inside the big house. Alone, and more than a little anxious, Billy's stunned hazel eyes scanned the house before looking up at the window. Furious, he made fists at his sides before stepping back a bit, boots kicking up dust. He saw thin tight coming from the drawn curtain, and wanted more than anything to climb those pillars and reach her. Standing there, he took a breath before knowing he counted himself lucky. This was his home and place of work. Calvin was good to him, and even better for helping him cover up with the Anderson fire. He had allowed him to keep Blue here, and had maybe even given her a job or sense of purpose. Still, the idea of her with Laura turned his stomach. He couldn't believe it, but just these few hours away from her he missed her something awful. Shaking his head, he knew he was better off going back to his quarters, getting something to eat, and knocking off early. Still, he couldn't seem to calm his temper down. Strolling down the road, he kicked a few stones and suddenly felt depressed. When he reached his room, he saw the bed was made but seemed so empty now with Blue not laying on it. Walking in, he sat down on the edge of the bed before putting his head in his hands. The next morning… Calvin had called the men out early to the front of the house where they were going to head into town to set up another fight. Riding on over on Pallor, his heart froze when he saw Blue sitting in a rocking chair next to Laura on the front porch. Blue's hair was up again, and she wore a simple white sundress that went down to her feet. On her lap were several pieces of wire and glass beads. She was working silently as Laura fanned herself. While Billy sat upon his horse, he completely tuned out watching her. She looked nice and cleaned up. A little uncomfortable he figured sitting in that wicker rocking chair, but otherwise perfectly fine. Teddy, another hand shouted that they would head for town within the hour. Clicking his tongue and trotting Pallor to the side, he slid off as everyone went their own ways. Some were standing around talking, others going up the stairs to go inside for a fresh cool drink in the kitchen. Slowly, trying to act casual he made his way up the stairs before approaching her and Laura. Taking his hat off, he cleared his throat. \"Morning ladies.\" Laura, a shameless flirt giggled as she continued using his fan. \"Why Billy Crash, I can not thank you enough for scooping up this sweet little piece of pie. Blue makes just about the finest jewelry, she's making me some earrings for next month's 4th of July ball. They are just about the most darling things, and she can cook! She'll be helping Cora and the others out tonight for dinner before joining us. Just wait until you try her cake, it's to die for!\" Billy smirked before looking down at Blue who continued staring forward. Just then Stephen hobbled out, clutching his cane asking Laura if she could come inside, there seemed to be a problem with her innovations, the printer got the color all wrong. Rolling her eyes and snapping the fan closed she muttered what fools she was dealing with before bunching up her skirt and following Stephen inside. Alone for a moment, the two were alone. The heat was miserable, and june bugs chirped in the bushes below. Taking a step closer, he reached down and gently touched her shoulder. \"How you feeling darling?\" \"A little sore, but I'm fine. Everyone has been very kind. Most of all Mrs. Fitzwilly.\" \"Why do I think you're lying…\" Blue stared up, her eyes clouded. \"Huh?\" \"You look bored stiff…\" \"Oh not at all, I'm making her some jewelry and I've all ready been able to explore the house. Everyone is really nice, honest.\" \"It doesn't suit you.\" Instantly Billy saw a faint smirk appear on her face. Shrugging, she sat back. \"I wish I didn't have to wear these dresses, they are awfully baggy on me. Mrs. Fitzwilly said they were hers when she was a girl, stored away in the attic. I prefer wearing slacks, easier to move around. I know it's not really lady like but I tend to trip up every once and a while and I don't like the idea of everyone seeing my bloomers…\" Billy laughed before taking a seat in Laura's empty chair. Scooting it closer, he reached over and patted her hand. \"Looks like she's got a pet. How's the house?\" \"It's nice, far nicer than I'm up to. Now just between us?\" \"Of course.\" Blue sighed. \"I owe everyone my life, but I'm not used to living this way. I was more comfortable in your quarters honestly.\" Billy nodded. \"Put a pretty good fright into my yesterday when I found you gone.\" \"Yeah, it's nice but…oh never mind, I'm just happy I'm here. Mrs. Fitzwilly said I can help in the kitchen to earn my keep and design jewelry for her. She talks so much…\" Billy chuckled. \"Well, Calvin is inviting some of us on over for dinner tonight, I'll see you?\" Blue nodded before Billy smiled. \"I'm glad you seeing you doing better Blue…\" Rising, he took one of her hands, gently turned it over kissing it. Instant color filled Blue's cheeks as Billy smiled and walked away, spurs clinking. Unknown to him, Calvin was watching from afar. That night... As usual. the work hands and trainers didn't dine inside with Calvin and Laura unless they were well dressed, clean, and usually only welcomed whenever there was a business meeting. Tonight, Calvin had invited Billy, Thomas, and Butch in for dinner. Going to the bathhouse, Billy shaved, and dressed in his best, and took his hat off as soon as he entered the nice cool house. He was usually welcomed to dine inside the big house, but most nights he was held up in town with the others bringing in new slaves for purchase. Ushered into the dinning room, Calvin insisted that they all toast on this month's latest sucuess with the fights. There were new investors, and Calvin was in fine spirits as the maids brought in whiskey and scotch for them to toast. Laura sat there smiling, batting her eyelashes at her younger brother before desert was brought out. The men all commented on how wonderful the cheesecake tasted before Laura looked across at Billy and smiled. \"That girl of yours sure is talented for someone with seeing problems. I mean you wouldn't hardly know she's blind. I looked in on her earlier in the kitchen, you should see the way she sets everything aside with her hands, even the way she measures. It certainly is interesting. I'm just delighted about her being here, sweet little thing.\" Calvin nodded raising his glass. \"Yes Billy Crash, money well spent indeed.\" Billy smirked, feeling a little embarrassed. He smiled, drinking from his glass all the meanwhile glancing and keeping his eye on the door to the kitchen. After dinner, Calvin invited the men to his pallor for a cigar but Billy excused himself for some fresh air. Walking around back, he reached the back screen door that opened to the kitchen and listened to the noses of the women busseling about cleaning up. Waiting, he climbed the few steps and looked in. Blue was sitting up on a stool, carefully stacking dishes. One wobbled from her hand and crashed to the floor. Two of the maids jumped before Tabby, one of the main cooks shook her head hurrying over as Blue climbed herself down to pick up the broken pieces. \"The lady of the house is going to be furious seeing you breaking her dishes…\" Blue tried picking up the pieces, hand blindly searching the ground. \"I'm sorry…\" Billy's eyes narrowed as he walked in, slamming the screen door back making the maids jump. \"I'll pay for it dammit. Besides, a white woman outta not be doing this kind of work. Remember nigger, you watch your tongue when you're speaking to her!\" Tabby's face became a light ash color as she lowered her eyes. \"I'm sorry Mr. Crash…\" \"Yeah well, I know for a fact the lady of the house wouldn't like hearing how you are talking to a white woman, let alone a guest in this house, now clean this up!\" Billy snapped, Instantly Blue shook her head. \"Billy it was my fault I…\" Offering his hand, Billy took her hand and brought her to her feet. \"Come on, let's get some air…\" Bringing her outside, and carefully down the steps, Blue turned towards him in the moonlight frustrated, tears welling in her useless eyes. Cocking his head, Billy stared at her confused. \"What's the matter?\" \"You shouldn't have yelled. I don't want special treatment. I work along side these women. It was really my fault…\" Billy shook his head. \"No, Mrs. Candie…I mean Fitzwilly made it perfectly clear you were to help with the cooking from time to time. You earn your keep with that jewelry stuff. You let those useless niggers clean up, not you. I mean for the love of everything you can barley see! Why are they making you work in the kitchen?! Isn't being the lady of the house's pet enough?!\" Billy sighed loudly frustrated before rubbing his hand over his face. Staring, Blue shook her head. \"Because I used to work in the kitchen back at the Anderson ranch. I can cook just fine, and once I get used to a room I don't make stupid mistakes like that back there. Billy, I just took up over a week of time off the Candie's help nursing me back to health. The doctor has come by twice on my account. Medicines, food, water, everything wasted on me! I've always earned my keep in places. I'm brand new here. you took me away from that terrible place and look, all of them are dead. I got no place to go. If I don't earn my way here and keep my head down I got no place to go. I'm blind, and get in the way!\" Billy lashed out, grabbing onto her arms and gave her a shake. \"Stop that!\" Blue pushed him back, hands shaking, eyes for once wild and filled with light, almost as if she could really see him right in front of her. Taking a step forward, she pointed her finger at him. \"Billy Crash I am not a child! I know how this world works. I've learned to survive my whole life. I'm not the helpless little girl you think I am! You saved me twice yes, given me a place to stay, promised to protect me, but I've dealt with being beaten, teased, and shouted at beyond belief in these sixteen years I've been on my own! You think back at the Anderson's that was the first time I've ever been beaten? I've had my ribs broken, arms, even my leg once! Look!\" She hiked up her dress revealing a creamily beautiful leg. The higher she raised her dress, Billy's eyes widened. Instantly he saw the terrible scars across her thighs. \"This is the real reason I prefer to wear slacks. Cuts from Mr. Anderson's raiser, or burn marks from mamma's cigarette. I've been whacked across the head so many times who knows, maybe that's why I'm really blind?! Constantly avoiding, and preferring being beaten to avoid getting raped! These were my punishments for dropping a dish, or getting so sick I couldn't work for a few hours because my nose was bleeding so badly, or I fainted. Being beaten so bad I've woken up in puddles of blood because I burned mamma's food, or put daddy's coat on the wrong hook. If you think that woman yelling at me back there was punishment, well you're insane Billy Crash! Maybe I knew those men were following me the other night? Maybe they had come into the general store and were bothering me when Mr. Miller was out back. Maybe I knew they had knifes and knew they would follow me later after dark. Maybe I had enough of being blind, unable to see, always getting beat and teased. Maybe I wanted them to grab me, have their way and maybe slit my throat and toss me in one of the alleys! Maybe I wanted a way out and then out of nowhere you came to save me. You were the first person ever Billy Crash that actually took the time to talk to me. That didn't treat me any differently. That wasn't fresh, or cruel. You were the first person ever to show true kindness. You saved me, and if I had to brace another beating I was going to make peace with it. You think I've been laid up before? I've gotten beaten so bad I couldn't leave my bed for almost two months! The only reason I was dealing with it was thinking maybe, just maybe I could hear your voice again! You come and save me again. I don't care that you bought me Mr. Crash, but if I have to put up with that dumb woman's dresses, or getting snapped at by the help so be it!\" Without so much as another word, Billy grabbed onto Blue again and forced his lips upon hers. Surprised, and taken off guard, Blue's useless eyes widened as she struggled for just a moment before finally she relaxed, making a small moan underneath his own mouth which was opening and closing, tongue darting into her own small and wet mouth, tasting her as his lips continued to to mash against hers. Slowly he felt her respond. His eyes opened, looking at hers which were now closed. Hands squeezing her arms, he brought her body closer against his own body, slowly grinding his groin against her front. Finally, releasing her, both gasping for air, he panted before raising a hand and bringing it through her hair, taking it out of it's bun, he pressed his forehead against hers. Hat fallen back, he continued breathing hard before shaking his head against hers. \"I'm sorry…\" Standing there, Blue lowered her eyes. \"Me too…\" Looking back at the main house, Billy sighed before taking her hand gently this time. \"Come with me…\" \"Where?\" \"For a ride, come on…\" \" I don't know…\" Stepping forward, interlocking his fingers with hers, he smiled and with his thumb gently touched the side of her mouth. \"You ain't my property Blue as much as that bill of sale says, but you are a free woman. Come with me, I deserve that much…\" Taking a second, a small smile appeared on her conflicted face before she nodded. \"All right, but I shouldn't be out too long…\" \"Don't worry, come on…\" Later... Billy rode deep into the woods still on Calvin's property where he knew they could be alone. It was a warm beautiful night, the moon shinning above casting cool ark blue shadows. Blue rode in front of him, arm wrapped around his waist before they stopped. Pulling her close, he rested his chin against her shoulder and smiled. \"You smell nice…\" Blue gently laughed. \"What's that now?\" \"I brought you to my favorite spot in the woods. I discovered it years back when I first started working for Calvin. It's just on the edge of the treelike, there's a hill that slops down to a big field. Lots of weeping willows, and the pond nearby. If you're still enough, you can hear the crickets…listen…\" Blue cocked her head to the side before smiling. \"I bet it's beautiful…\" \"It sure is Blue, it sure is…\" Holding her close, Billy continued looking down at the view, before carefully and gently sliding his arms around her. \"I'm sure it ain't no secret I care for you Blue…\" Blue smirked. \"I'm sure from my outburst you know how I feel about you…\" Billy chuckled before sighing. \"I have a feeling we'll be taking care of each other, huh?\" \"Maybe…\" \"Yeah well, it might take a while, but don't you worry none Blue. After a few proper months of looking in on you, I'm going to propose.\" \"You're joking right? We barley know each other…\" \"But we got plenty of time to get to know each other. That I promise. I'm going to make you a very happy woman Blue. That I swear…\" Gently kissing her cheek, he decided he would stay the gentleman. He would treat her proper, bide his time, and when finally he knew for sure he had won her over he would propose. He no longer would be a drifter trainer or even farm hand. He would have someone by his side, and nobody...nobody in this world would hurt her again.[Chapter 3] Seven months later. Blue adjusted well to life on the plantation. For the first month she continued being Laura's little pet. Most mornings whenever Billy and the others were off to latch up the horses to ride into town he would see her sitting beside Laura, silently making her jewelry. He rarely had time to speak to her alone, but even getting a glimpse of her for just a few minutes each morning was enough for him. Blue's jewelry was a huge hit at the ball, and shortly after Laura agreed to Blue's request of allowing her to work mainly in the kitchen. One evening after supper, he was pleasantly surprised to find Blue in slacks and a blouse, humming away with the other help, kneading dough. Calvin had casually mentioned that Laura and Blue had become very close and she wanted to grant her the request of working in the kitchen and allowing to dress more comfortable. Blue was rarely seen, but word was spreading fast over what a hard worker she was. She still continued to live in the Big House and night after night as Billy walked the grounds smoking a cigarette he would find himself gazing up at her lit window wanting to see her more than anything in the world. Still, the times he did pass by he would tip his hat, smile and call out to her. Blue would blankly stare off, but instantly smile and light up by the sound of his voice. Every time he would stroll on over, let it be she was making jewelry on the front porch, or out back sitting Indian style shelling out pea pods, or cleaning fruit. As always he would squat over, smile breathing in that faint scent of hers and ask her how her day was going. Blue always remained humble, saying that everyone was treating her real nice. Most days she went inside in the kitchen helping preparing meals. Laura would sit with her sometimes, talking her ear off while she sat silently making her earrings or bracelets. Other times she would sit outside, cleaning, humming, or sitting with the others. As much as Billy didn't like to see her with the likes of the other niggers, he figured to let enough be. She was content, happy, and always had a smile for him. The night of the ball he along with the other trainers were dressed in their best and invited inside. Instantly he searched the room for Blue only to be informed by Stephen that Blue wasn't feeling very well and upstairs in her quarters. Staying in the library, listening to all the people from town laugh and drink, Billy watched Calvin from afar surrounded by women before finishing his own drink and excusing himself. When nobody was looking, he silently climbed the stairs, went down the hallway and found Blue's room. He knew she was off tonight, not helping in the kitchen. He had heard that Laura original wanted her downstairs with her but now hearing of her not feeling well, an instant surge of concern entered him. Lightly he knocked on the door before he heard her voice. \"Hello?\" \"Billy cleared his throat. \"It's me, Billy...I'm alone.\" \"Shouldn't you be downstairs enjoying the party?\" Billy smiled glancing down the hall where the music and sounds of laughter were coming from. Running his hand through his hair he smiled. \"Guess I can't really enjoy myself without the likes of you.\" He heard her laugh lightly on the other side of the door. \"Oh Billy Crash you old flirt, you best go back downstairs, I ain't decent.\" \"I heard you weren't feeling well...\" There was a pause. \"Well, yes and no, But you outta go back downstairs Billy Crash, I ain't decent...\" Smiling, Billy tried the doorknob and was surprised to find it open. \"You ain't got nothing I haven't seen before...\" Walking in, he shut the door behind him, blocking out any other noises of the party down below. Smiling, he looked in. Blue was in her nightgown, hair pinned up sitting in a rocking chair by the open window. Her room was decent sized, but very plain. Seeing that she didn't have many belongings and was a well kept neat woman, everything seemed in place. Her bed was made, the chest at the end of it closed. On her dresser was her hair brush, along with several pieces of glass beads and jewelry. Seeing her sitting there he instantly stopped in his tracks. Seeing her dressed in just her nightgown, the swell of her breasts showing instantly made his heart thud loudly in his chest. Smiling, he walked over. \"I don't mean to intrude...\" \"Yet you did Billy Crash. This is my room and I'm certain it would be frowned upon you visiting me...\" Grinning, Billy knew she was teasing. Strolling over, he sat on the edge of her bed and stared down at her. She sat there, arms across her lap. \"How's the party?\" \"Borning...how you feeling?\" Blue's cheeks raised in color before she sighed. \"Oh, I'm okay. Just a little under the weather...\" Billy frowned and leaned forward, reaching over and touching the side of her soft face. \"Nonsense, you look pale as a ghost. Is it another headache?\" Blue blushed even deeper. \"No, nothing like that...\" That's when he saw her brow wrinkle, leaning forward her hands went to her stomach almost as if she was in pain. Looking at her, Billy rose to his feet. \"What's the matter? You're in pain...\" \"Billy...\" \"Tell me damnit, I'll fetch the doctor...\" Blue smiled before reaching up. Reaching forward Billy took her hand before she sighed. \"I've got my monthly bleed, just a part of being a woman. No need to worry. I'm fine, just resting...\" Instantly Billy's face fell. Embarrassed, he looked down. \"I'm sorry...\" \"No need. You're a man, how would you know.\" Sighing, Billy looked at her. \"Does it...hurt much?\" \"So, so. I'm planning on curling up in bed soon and sleep away these stomach cramps. It's normal but it's taking a lot out of me. The lady of the house is very understanding. She said if I'm not up to it I can have tomorrow off but I have so much to do. I told Myrtle I would show her how to bake this fruit bread and...\" \"Get on in bed, I'll stay with you for a bit.\" \"Billy...\" \"I promise I won't do anything. I swear, we'll just lay together until you go to sleep...\" Blue grinned. \"I'm sure that's what all the guys say...\" Billy chuckled. \"I swear on my name I'll just lay with you. You know I will...\" Sighing, Blue looked up. \"What if somebody finds you in here...\" \"I'll sneak out...even if I have to climb down from the window. I don't care...come on darling, get into bed.\" \"Is that an order?\" Billy smiled and leaned down, nuzzling against her neck making her giggle and squeal. Helping her, he watched her climb into bed as she pulled back the sheets. Carefully, as he did before when she stayed in his quarters, he eased himself down behind her, hiked up on an elbow staring at her. Feeling her back, ass, and legs against his front, he willed himself not to get excited. Instead, he deeply inhaled the sweet smell of her hair, and very slowly and carefully reached down, placing his hand on her stomach. At first she almost flinched, but Billy leaned in close. \"Shhhh...\" Gently he rubbed the lower part of her stomach, right above her womanhood. It wasn't sexual, or even trying to be fresh. Instead he just rubbed her, hoping to ease whatever pain she was in. After a few minutes she stopped tensing up and finally relaxed against him. His large hand and fingers continued to rub on top of her nightgown side to side. Listening to her breath, Billy fought the terrible urge to lean in and kiss her neck. Instead he just continued rubbing, and trying his hardest to comfort her. \"I'm gonna marry you one day real soon Blue...\" Blue, who was on the verge of drifting off smiled, laying against him. \"Is that a fact?\" \"It sure is...\" An hour later, Blue was fast asleep. Carefully he crawled out of bed, walking gently so he wouldn't wake her. Fixing the sheets around her, he brushed her hair back and kissed his fingertips before pressing them against her cheek. Turning, he tip toed to the door before letting himself out. Lucky for him once he stepped outside in the hall he heard the music still continue to sound from downstairs. Walking back down, he joined the others completely unnoticed. But he was wrong. As he walked over to the bar, ordering a drink and joining the others, he had no idea Calvin was watching him. And he was smiling. Two months later... \"You feel that darling?\" Blue sat on a spread out blanket she had brought with them when Billy had taken her out for a ride on the property. Almost every Sunday, when he had the afternoon off and arrived back from training in town, he would come and get Blue from the big house. Together, they would ride on Billy's horse around the property, usually off into the woods. Billy had been patient with Blue, not wanting to scare her off. Instead he looked forward to whenever he could catch a moment alone with her. On occasion he would sneak, climbing up the side far after midnight and look in on Blue. Both planned this carefully, and most times when he did sneak in through the window they both had to make sure to keep their voices down in order not to wake anyone else in the house. These few nights they would lay together in Blue's bed. Sometimes they kissed, other times just laid in each other's arms. As much as Billy wanted to take things further, he respected Blue, and always had to will himself to leave her bed within an hour. He always felt a hunger he couldn't explain when he kissed her. Most times, he had to fight not to continue the kisses down the collar of her nightgown. Often his hands roamed, moving up and down, wanting so badly to lift the frabic, but instead he would try to be content with what he could get. Blue seemed just as eager as him, but as always when she pushed him back, both gasping for breath, sweating, and wanting more she would whisper that he outta leave before somebody stirred awake at the house. As always Billy would leave frustrated, but smiling as she led him to the window and kissed him goodnight. He honestly couldn't believe it. He felt like a foolish young boy, and Blue had casted some sort of spell on him. He made any excuse possible to see her, and whenever he did caught sight of her at the big house he couldn't believe how funny she made his stomach feel. Today he had taken her out to the woods. The two often spent their time laying underneath the trees, listening to the wind as he told her about town, and his day. Blue never spoke much, instead she listened, sometimes worked on her jewelry, and often had Billy rest his head in her lap, gently stroking his hair. Today he had gathered as many different things as he could into his saddle bag. One of which was a smooth stone he had found by the river a few days back. He also had a fluffy powder puff he had bought at the general store, along with some tiny pebbles, and a stick of chewing gum. Today as the two sat beside each other, Billy passed these items to Blue, watching her fascinated as she turned the objects over in her hands, feeling the texture, and juggling it between her hands before smiling. So far her two favorite objects had been the smooth stone and chewing gum. Her fingers gently massaged the little pink and white sticks into mush. Chuckling, Billy loved seeing her face whenever she touched these items as Billy described each object as she touched it. Today had been a pleasant day, and he couldn't believe how absolutely lucky he was to be spending the afternoon with her. It was going on ten months now that he had bought Blue, and since then he had been in constant torture wanting to make love to her. Instead he had to be happy with his late night visits, the kisses, the rubbing, and then the frustration of having to leave. Having to watch her from afar, and feeling his temper boil whenever he heard one of the men mention her, and how awfully pretty she looked. When he picked her up on his horse this afternoon she had been working in the kitchen. He knew it was now or never. Looking at her pretty little face, as she now petted the smooth stone laughing softly to herself. Grinning, he reached into his front pocket and handed her something else. \"What about this, what do you think?\" Blue's face went stone set for a moment. In her hands was a gold wedding ring band. He had guessed on what size it was from countless hours of admiring her delicate tiny little hands. Having spent a pretty penny in town, he had this ring made and had been carrying it around in his pocket for some time now trying to work up the nerve. Today he woke up feeling confident, and as nervous as he was, he couldn't help but enjoy the look of confusion, and happiness as she rolled the ring between her hands. \"It's a ring?\" \"And?\" She shrugged before holding it up. \"Feels smooth, either silver or gold. This yours Billy?\" Billy smiled. \"You know that's too small to be mine. I was hoping it would belong to a pretty girl I know. I'm planning on proposing.\" Instantly Blue's face fell. Quickly she handed the ring back. \"Well, it's a fine ring, she'll be very happy...\" Billy smiled again, reaching forward and handing her the ring back. \"Darling, it's for you.\" \"Me?\" \"Yes...\" \"Billy...what exactly are you asking me?\" \"I guess I'm asking for you to marry me.\" \"But...\" \"But nothing. It's going on almost a year now that you have come to live here and there's no hiding the fact how we feel about each other. Now, I've got plenty of money saved up. I was thinking we could turn one of those cabins on the property into a fine house for the two of us. You won't have to work in the big house any longer if you don't want to and I'll keep working for Calvin another year or two before we head out West.\" Blue blankly stared ahead before a smile appeared on her pretty little red lips. \"You really mean it?\" \"I certainly do.\" \"But...I wouldn't make a good wife, look at me...\" \"I'm looking just fine and I like everything I see. Now will you have me?\" Smiling, Blue nodded before tucking a piece of hair from her face behind her ear. \"I will...\" \"Blue Crash, not a nice little ring to it huh?\" Laughing, Blue sat back as Billy slipped the ring onto her finger. Instantly Blue's hand went to her hand, feeling the band of gold before her entire face lit up. Leaning over, Billy cupped her face before deeply kissing her. Smiling through the kiss, Blue pulled back. \" Your beard tickles...\" Laughing, Billy took hold of her hand gently by the wrist before slowly sliding it down to the crotch of his slacks, where a bulge had begun to form. Right away Blue's expression changed as her eyebrow raised slightly. \"Now, now Billy Crash...what is this?\" \"How do you like how that feels little lady?\" Blue smiled, leaning forward and kissing him again. \"I might not be a saint, but I'm waiting until we're married Mr. Crash, now that's a promise.\" Rolling his eyes and still grinning, Billy lightly kissed her lips before pulling back and smiling. \"Well my darling, looks like we'll have to make sure this wedding happens and happens right away.\" Both laughed underneath the sunlight, unaware that this happiness would soon come to an end. That night. It didn't take long before Laura noticed the gold wedding band on Blue's hand. News of Billy and her engagement had spread fast around the big house. Billy, who had been called back into town to fetch three new slaves Calvin had bought, brought Blue back to the house before helping her up the steps of the front porch. Stephen was talking with Laura by the chairs and instantly Stephen watched as Billy pressed his forehead against Blue's, and kissed her. \"I'll see you tonight.\" \"Tonight?\" \"Yep, I'll be telling Calvin about our plans.\" Smiling, Blue stood back as Billy tipped his hat and turned, spurs clinking as he went back down the stairs. Having absolutely no idea this would be the last time he would ever see her alive again. Blue stared off into space, a faint smile on her face before she turned and Laura instantly noticed the engagement ring, squealing with delight. Later... Blue stood in her bedroom, just beginning to take her hair down, still filled with fluttering excitement over this morning's events. Laura had been over the moon about Blue's engagement to Billy, and kept saying what a fine match her and Billy made. Even the women in the kitchen had all gathered around, flapping around with excitement saying how happy they were for her. Blue then heard a knock at the door. She knew it wasn't Billy. Before dropping her off at the big house he had mentioned that he would see Calvin, but climb up by the window as he usually did to wish her goodnight. Blue knew it had been silly of her to make him wait until they were married before they went to bed together, but for the first time in her life she wanted something pure. Today she felt truly blessed, she hadn't gotten one single headache, and just thinking of Billy's strong hands on hers sent shivers up her spine. Turning, she walked over to the door and opened it. By the smell of the cigarette smoke knew it was Calvin. Instantly she felt a nervous knot fill her stomach. She liked Calvin well enough, and felt in debt for being so kind to her, most of all allowing her to stay in his home. Still, he made her uneasy, and hated that whenever he was around her he had to put his hands on her, or whisper close to her ear. Nervously, she stood in the doorway suddenly too aware that she was just wearing her nightgown. \"Mossier Candie...\" \"Good evening Blue. Please forgive the hour, I just wanted to remark on my excitement and pure joy over your engagement with Mr. Crash. He certainly does care a lot for you and in this past year you have proven your keep. You two will certainly make a handsome couple...\" Blue nervously gripped the doorway. \"Now forgive me for intruding but I may ask...will you be telling Billy about what the doctor said that month?\" Instantly Blue's entire body became stiff and ridged. Two months ago Blue's headaches and become worse and worse, so bad in fact twice her nose had bled so bad she nearly fainted. One week while Billy was down state for business, Laura had gone to Calvin with the news and Calvin himself brought in his own personal doctor to look her over, nobody on the plantation knowing about this besides Laura. The doctor had looked her over and in the end sighed, informing Calvin that he was afraid it was a brain tumor, which was the main reason for Blue losing her sight. When Calvin asked if there was anything they could do? The doctor simply shook his head. It could be months, maybe even years before it killed her but it very well would be the cause of Blue's death. In the end Blue tried to pay Calvin for the doctor but he refused. Instead he said he would keep his word in not letting anyone, most of all Billy in on Blue's medical problem. Blue told him she would tell him in time, but at the moment the headaches weren't bothering her as much and while she had a hold on the problem, she wouldn't worry Billy about it. Now here they were. \"Excuse me?\" \"Your tumor. I hate to say it but as soon as I heard news of your engagement I couldn't help but feel worried for my dear friend Billy Crash. I know the doctor said it might very well be years before the tumor kills you but i'm sure I haven't been the only one that's noticed how pale you've become, or the weight you've been losing. Minnie in the kitchen said those headaches of yours sometimes get so bad you need to sit in the cellar before they get any better because the cool dark helps your head. Now forgive me but why would you get engaged to Mr. Crash if you are planning on breaking his heart by dying on him.\" \"Nobody said I'm dying...\" Blue softly said. Instantly Calvin smiled. \"No, not today or tomorrow...but judging from how you look it won't be long...so answer my question, why would you accept his proposal if you know your going to drop dead soon?\" \"Please...\" Grinning, Calvin came forward and leaned in close. Blue felt herself shaking as his hot breath went against her skin. \"Maybe we can come to some arrangement to keep my mouth shut...\" \"Please don't...\" Blue choked out as Calvin's hand slowly slipped up her waist, finding her breast and giving it a painful squeeze. Instantly, Blue jumped back, frightened as she crossed her arms over her chest. \"I'll...scream.\" \"And scream all you want...this is my house you little blind whore...you understand?\" Blue took a stumbling step backwards into her room as Calvin grinned and kicked the door behind him shut with a heavy bang. That evening... Billy rode back with the others, ordering for them to take the slaves around back. Slowing the horse, he instantly knew something was wrong. Raising an eyebrow, he pulled back on Pallor before slowing. The big house was all lit up, and he saw Calvin, and a few of the other men on the front porch. Dismounting the horse, he quickly climbed down and hurried over. Jacob who was getting off his own horse glanced at him. \"What's going on?\" \"Not sure, come on...\" Together, their boots crunched against the gravel of the main road before they reached the front steps. There Calvin who was smoking a cigarette looked down at them and sighed. \"Billy, come inside.\" Billy looked around at the men and felt panic leap into his chest. \"What's the matter?\" \"I said come inside now.\" Turning, Calvin walked in with Stephen following. Billy hurried his way up the steps, before entering the house. Inside he saw Laura wrapped up in a blanket weeping with Minnie stroking her hand. Butch was smoking a cigar next to them, and two of Calvin's other ranch hands had their hats off, heads bowed. Frantic, Billy looked up the stairs where Blue's room was before he looked at Calvin. \"What's the matter?\" \"Sit down Billy please... \" Slowly, Billy pulled up a seat in Calvin's pallor before Calvin leaned against the bookcase and sighed. \"There's no easy way to say this Billy but...Blue is dead.\" Billy sat there in shock. He stare with little to no expression. Instead he took a second, the gentle sounds of Laura still weeping in the background before he took a moment and blinked. \"What?\" \"She was found around the slaves' quarters...strangled and raped. We believe it was Big Gus, we have him down in the cellar. He's babbling that it wasn't him but piece of his shirt was found in Blue's hand. We're thinking she tore it while trying to fight him.\" Billy slowly raised his eyes, feeling as if he hadn't heard right. That they were talking about somebody else. No, Blue was just fine. She was upstairs asleep waiting for him to visit. She was safe and sound, he had made sure of that. Staring, he found his words were slow and delayed. \" What...was...she doing outside?\" \"Maybe taking a walk, getting some fresh air. Nobody saw her leave, but we all knew Blue was independent. She must have wandered too far from the house and was taken advantage of...I'm so very sorry Billy, most of all on a day like today...\" Billy felt his heart pound in his chest. Raising his eyes, he stared up at Calvin who stared down at him with pity. \"Where is she?\" \"We dragged her inside, she's covered up in the cellar. We'll get her nice and buried in my family's plot. She was a fine worker and a fine woman Billy...this is a terrible thing that has happened. My heart just breaks over it...\" Before Calvin could say another world, Billy rose in a trance. Walking across the floorboards, making his boots loudly click with an echo along with his spurs, he reached the cellar door before pulling it open. He heard Calvin, Jacob, and Butch following behind him. Walking down the hollow steps, the cool air of the basement surrounded him as he made his way down. the basement's walls were stacked with stones, lit faintly by lanterns as he continued on his way down. In the center of the cellar, tied to a chair was Big Gus, a large built slave they had bought just a few months back who had just begun to fight. Billy himself had watched him train and knew his strength. He sat there no longer looking like the massive black giant he appeared to be. Instead he sat there, shirtless, face bloody, and quivering. He sat there crying, begging for mercy. Swearing to Max and John, two farm hands that he never even touched her. Max and John stood side by side, sleeves rolled up glaring down at him. Instantly they froze and turned looking at Billy as he stood there. Right away his eyes went to the table where Minnie often prepared her jared jams and fruits down here to store for the winter. There he saw the form of a body underneath a sheet. He knew this couldn't be Blue. No, life couldn't be that cruel. His Blue was upstairs waiting for him. He was going to marry her, and they were going to start a life together. Slowly walking over, he lifted the sheet back and stared down. Blue said there, her head tilted to the side, her once beautiful and faded eyes now bloodshot and empty. There were horrible ugly bruises all over her pale throat where she had been strangled. Horrible ugly clotted bloody bite marks tracing all the way down to the swell of her breasts. She laid there, lifeless, cold, and dead. Billy stared down at her and for just one mere moment he tried to summon Blue's smiling beautiful face this morning when he proposed. Now it was gone. Instead what he saw here was the empty shell of what she once was. Without so much as another beat he turned around, pistol drawn as he pointed it straight at Big Gus. \"Billy wait!\" Ignoring the yells, Billy unloaded his pistol, the loud echoing shots blasting off as he fired them straight into Big Gus' chest. Blood exploded, and instantly Big Gus slumped over in his chair causing Max and John to jump back. Billy stood there, pistol smoking, eyes dead and cold as Calvin stood back, amused by Billy's pain. The next morning. Billy had insisted on burying Blue himself. Now after hours of silently digging, he knelt before her grave filthy and silent. Calvin had fetched the undertaker and got a nice little coffin over at the plantation before sunrise. Minnie, and a few of the others had led Billy out of the basement where Jacob took him back to his quarters and poured him a drink. By sunrise, a still very shell shocked Billy rose, saying he wanted to bury Blue himself. With some help from the others, the coffin was lowered, and Billy scooped the mound of dirt with his hands back into the hole. The entire time he worked, the other men stood back nervously eyeing each other. Now a few hours later, Billy refused to leave the graveside. Instead he knelt there, completely exhausted, staring forward. Calvin said he would order up a nice little headstone on him. He felt they all owed Blue that much. Billy hadn't said much, instead he simply knelt there, his hands bleeding, blistered, and dirty as he continued staring at the gave. Blue was dead. He would never ride by the big house again and see her sitting by Laura, working on her jewelry. He would never swing by out back for a cold drink after a long ride and see her sitting on the back steps preparing or cleaning food. He would never be able to watch her from afar, or kiss her sweet tender skin. He would never marry her, or start a life with her. No, instead he had left her here and didn't keep his promise. He hadn't been able to protect her and that filthy nigger had raped and murdered her. In his hands he held the gold wedding band. \"Billy Crash.\" Billy didn't turn but he heard Calvin's voice. Staring forward, Billy didn't say a word. Instead Calvin strolled over, holding an umbrella to shield him from the sun. Standing beside Billy, he glanced down at him. \"Billy, you have suffered a terrible loss. I know how fondly you felt about Blue, she was a fine young lady and I'm disgusted such a crime was committed on my property. You have been a faithful worker of mine, and my heart just breaks seeing you like this...but I must confess something.\" Billy glanced up as Calvin went on. \"About two months ago Blue's headaches were getting worse. She worked very hard from hiding them from you but they got to the point she became very weak. Laura and myself fetched my doctor while you were down state arranging that Smith deal and had her looked over. It seemed that the cause behind her handicap, as well as those headaches was a brain tumor.\" Billy stared. \"What?\" \"I feel terrible telling you this now, but he said there was nothing he could do about it. He wasn't sure on how much time she had, but it wasn't good. Blue made us all promise not to tell you and continued on working harder than ever. I hate to break my promise to her, and I know this won't bring much comfort to you now but...she was dying Billy. God knows how much time she actually had, but I'm afraid it wouldn't have been long. Just remember, yesterday morning...it was the happiest I had seen her when she was talking about your engagement to her. Her end might have been violent, but at least she isn't suffering anymore...\" With that Calvin turned, leaving a stunned Billy speechless. Two nights later... Billy swore before snapping his eyes shut. Sweat rolling off him, he collapsed behind Rose who was bent over on all fours on her bed above the tavern. Feeling himself empty out, he panted for breath before roughly pulling out and collapsing down beside her. Rolling over, he took deep breaths staring up at the ceiling. Rose, laid backwards, pulling up the sheet before glancing over at him. Billy laid there in a trance, drunk, and silent. Smelling a mix of sour whiskey and sweat, Rose sighed before turning over slightly and hiking herself up on an elbow. Reaching, she grabbed a cigarette and lit it. Taking a deep inhale, she passed it over to Billy who glanced over and took it. \"Thanks...\" \"I heard about what happened to your girl. It's all over town. I'm sorry.\" Billy remained silent, smoking and staring up. Sighing, Rose looked him over. \"I saw her once, across the way at the general store. She was a pretty little thing...\" Billy looked over and much to Rose's shock, she saw tears in his eyes. She had been whoring for going on ten years now. She was nearly thirty, and was one of the town's more popular ladies. She had slept with Billy several times, and had welcomed him with comforting arms when he stumbled up to her room tonight drunk and grieving. This was the first time she had ever actually seen real emotion in his eyes. \"Oh sweetie...\" Gathering him up in her arms, she was used to the mothering act. But somehow tonight it seemed different. Billy laid his head on her bare breasts, sniffling and crying as she gently stroked his hair. \"I...loved...her...\" He was able to choke out between sobs. Gently humming, she continued stroking his hair, promising him that everything would be all right.[Chapter 4] Three months later. Rose laid beneath Billy as he roughly thrusted into her. His shoulder blades arched and flexed, as he drove himself into her franticly inside her. Rose laid there, legs spread widely, as she was pushed down into the bedding and pillows that surrounded them. Working up a good sweat, Billy bucked his head, eyes closed. and in need of a good shave. Rose's room above the tavern was hot and stuffy. Billy had stumbled into the tavern last night all ready liquored up and looking for a fight. At least three times a week he now rode into town, looking for Rose's company and would buy her out for the evening. Most times he would drink for hours on end downstairs, before finally Rose would help walk him upstairs where sometimes they would screw, other times...more often than most he would be too drunk to perform and end up collapsing on her bed. Here Rose would undress him, give him a nice rubdown with some damp clothes, and watch him sleep. She had heard about what had happened to that blind girl, and how awful Billy had taken it. He rarely spoke when he was with her. Instead he would wake the next morning in a foul mood, hungover, and snappy. He would toss her some crumbled up bills, pull on his boots, and give her a quick scruffy scratchy kiss on the cheek before walking out, spurs loudly clinking as he walked back down the stairs. Last night he arrived drunk, but frisky. This morning he surprised her by waking her with his hand cupping her breast over her silk nightgown. He told her he was planning on spending the weekend and would pay any price. He didn't want to go back to Candyland for the time being. So for the last few hours they were screwing like a couple of kids in bed. Rose had to admit, she had grown rather fond of Billy, and felt pure pity whenever she saw his drunk sorry face show up around town. She had been working as a whore since she was just fifteen after her family had given her up after they went broke. Not wanting to land up on the streets, she met a woman in Georgia who was a madam and taught her the business. For years she went from whore house to whore house working the clients, saving her money, and never being one of those dumb girls who ended up raped and murdered in the streets. She was getting older now, nearly thirty-five and knew her days of whoring very well could be numbered. She supposed she could pool her money together and maybe open a place of her own, but right now all she wanted to do was be left alone. Night after night she was either laying on her back, or bent over by these filthy sweating men. Whenever they got too rough her knife would come from beneath her corset and she would show them the rough side of her tongue. For the few years she had been living here, working with five other girls above the tavern she hadn't found much trouble. Instead, the moment she met Billy she knew there was something about him. Something different than the other men. Something sad. She remembered a man named Johnny from years ago. A client of hers who she had grown rather close with. A man who she actually could say she loved. Only a few months after meeting him, she received news that he had been killed in a shoot out. From that moment onward she decided never to get close to the men ever. To her it was business. A fuck was a fuck, nothing more, nothing less. It was a business, and all these men meant was money and surviving. Still, whenever Billy came she couldn't help but feel horrible seeing him pass out beside her. Listening to his labored breathing, how often he would twitch in his sleep, or mutter and moan out that girl's name. She knew he was hurting, and as much wanted to help, she knew he couldn't be reached. Billy continued to drive into her, his hands grabbing hers, lacing his fingers in-between hers as he lifted her arms above her head and stretched them out as he laid all his weight down against her. Slowly Rose wrapped her long slender legs around his ass as he pumped once, twice, and finally gritted his teeth and moaned. Instantly she felt him climax as he collapsed against her. After a second, he lifted his head and opened his eyes staring down at her. Rose smiled, batting her long lashes. \"Good morning to you to Billy Crash.\" Billy smirked, mildly amused before pulling out of her and rolling over. Laying beside her, his eyes scanned her naked body before he reached out and gently traced his finger between her breasts and down to her navel. \"Can I ask you something?\" \"Sure.\" \"Is Rose your real name?\" Rose laughed, laying back. \"No darling, it isn't. What made you ask?\" \"Well, the other girl's names are all after flowers so I guess I put two and two together.\" \"Very good Billy Crash, very good. My name is Vera...\" With that she lent out her hand, shaking his hand. Later... Billy laid in the tub in Rose's room, filled with warm steaming water she had brought up. His head tilted back, he relaxed his muscles as his eyes were closed breathing deeply as Rose, hair pinned up began to soap his chest down with a sponge. Slowly her hand went underneath the murky water and found his penis. Wrapping her hands around it, she began to slowly wash it up and down, gently squeezing and releasing. Cracking an eye open, Billy smirked at her. \"Just what are you doing little lady?\" \"What I do best.\" \"You sure are earring your wages darling.\" \"You bet your ass I am.\" Billy laughed softly before sighing. \"You're very good to me Rose, even if I do pay for it. In fact, you might be one of the few decent people around these parts.\" \"Nonsense Billy...\" Billy sat up and stared at her. \"Tired to eat a bullet last month.\" Rose stopped soaping him and stared. Billy nodded, rubbing his chin. \"Yep. Got stinking drunk over at the plantation, stumbled around for a while and put my own pistol in my mouth.\" \"What stopped you?\" \"Don't know. Really don't care. Just keep thinking of that filthy nigger raping and killing my Blue...what a fucking monster he was, and how they are all the same.\" Sighing, Rose began to gently wash down Billy's chest again. \"I'm sorry...you don't talk about her often.\" \"What's the point, she's dead.\" Rose stared at him before he brought his eyes to her. \"What? It's true.\" \"You loved her...didn't you?\" \"Anything I care about leaves or dies. Just a sad fact of life. I'm better off...\" \"You don't mean that.\" \"Oh I certainly do.\" Rose nodded, before looking at him. \"I thought I loved somebody once. A cowboy, older, handsome...named was Johnny. Paid for my company a dozen or so times. Didn't fill me with promises or any of that bullshit. Just decent. I really don't think it meant anything or was going to go any further than what it was, but nevertheless I cared for him...maybe even loved him.\" \"What happened?\" \"He died, shot. I abused myself plenty in the months following and knew the same as you, that it wouldn't bring him back.\" \"Have you loved anyone since?\" \"Not sure, I'm just a whore earning a living. I'm paid to tell men I love them. How i actually feel is completely different.\" \"You ain't just a whore. You're decent, real pretty, and have always treated me nice.\" Rose rolled her eyes and snorted. \"Yeah sure...\" \"Stop that. You are. How old are you?\" Rose raised her eyebrows and laughed. \"What? First my real name now my age? You sure do know how to treat a lady...\" Billy smiled. \"I'm serious, what are you twenty? Twenty-two?\" \"Thirty-four.\" \"You're joking.\" Rose smiled and shook her head. \"I'm well put together but once you scrub all this stuff off my face I'm just an aging whore like all the others...\" Billy reached down and took her hand. For a second Rose could have sworn she thought she saw a glimmer of a tear in his eyes. \"I miss her Vera...I miss her like mad.\" \"I know darling...\" Billy stared at her before he cocked his head to the side. \"I got plenty of money...you're a smart gal, maybe we could...\" Rose smiled before standing, tossing the sponge back into the tub. \"I'm not Blue Billy...as much as you want honey, I never can be.\" \"I know you aren't. But I know you're not happy here, and like me you know there's gotta be something better...\" Rose fixed her skirt as she smoothed it out and stared down at him. \"I like you Billy, I like you a lot...but a nice little distraction from the pain won't chance the fact she's gone, and your heart is broken.\" With that Rose turned and went to her full length mirror to fix her hair. Lifting himself out of the tub, dripping wet, Billy stepped out, and hurried behind Rose. Forcing her to turn, she stared at him before he gently touched the side of soft face. \"You aren't her, I know that...\" \"Billy you fool, your getting my floor all wet...\" Billy ignored her and stopped her up. Laughing, she allowed him to carry her to her bed, where he gently threw her down, and still soaking wet climbed onto of her like an animal, brushing his wet hair against her as he slowly lowered his head between her legs. Laying back, instantly Rose's eyes widened as she began arching her back, squirming. Later... Billy was redressed, his clothes, boots, and hat back on. Checking his pistol, he looked down and saw Rose fast asleep. Smirking, he went over to his jacket and took out his bills. Counting, he decided to pay her even more. These last few days had in fact been a lovely distraction from the horrible ache deep in his chest that seemed to constantly be around whenever he was awake. Over and over again he kept thinking of blue's lovely sweet little face, and how horrible he felt knowing he had allowed that animal to have his way with her and then murdered her like a dog in the street. He liked Rose even if she was a whore, and the last few months as much as he didn't really talk about things, she had been there to listen, and keep his mind off things. These last few days had been the best he had in what seemed like forever. In fact, he hardly thought of Blue at all. He didn't want to forget her by any means, but he wanted to forget the horrible lurking pain that surrounded her memory. Vera was older, gentle, and was amazing in bed. Just what he needed at a time like this. Fixing his belt, he thought of one of the merchants downstairs. Unhooking his spurs carefully, he snuck out trying to move as fast as he could. Fifteen or so minutes later, he returned, walking softly and seeing her lay in the same position he had left her. Walking, he made sure her money was folded neatly on her nightstand before producing the long stem rose he had bought downstairs. Laying it down on top of the money, he stared down at her before kissing his fingertips and pressing them against her soft lips. She muttered in her sleep for a moment before becoming still again. Smiling, he stood back before turning and leaving her. A few hours later when she awoke. Glancing at her nightstand she saw the rose and lazily smiled. Months later... Billy knelt in front of Blue's grave. It was a hot miserable day as the sun beaten down on him. Picking several pieces of grass away, he sighed and sat back. Things were going well over at Candyland. He was still training the fighters, and helping out on the property, but besides his visits into town to see Vera, he was getting awfully lonely. Some nights he would lay awake in his room, trying to summon Blue's face. Instead all he found was darkness. Calvin just yesterday clapped him on the arm in a gleeful mood and remarked on how truly wonderful these fighters were. That tomorrow he would ride into town with him and spent the night at the hotel, his own private floor reserved as he bet among two other fellow business men watching their prized fighters duel to the death. Laughing, Calvin invited him but before he could respond Calvin waved his hand. \"Oh Billy, I know you won't take me on to that, you enjoy you're time over at the whore house now don't you?\" Billy was at a loss of words before he cackled and playfully rubbed his arm. \"You old devil you...\" With that he strolled away, popping jelly beans into his mouth from his pocket. Watching him go, Billy sighed. He mentally took note he would give himself just one more year here before he rounded by all the money he saved and left, maybe down to Florida or something. He heard it was real nice down there, and plenty of miles away from Calvin and the whole bunch. Sighing, he slipped his hat on and thought about Vera. He sure would like her company tonight and as strange as it sounded, as of lately, mostly whenever he was riding for hours on end he would think back on their time together and couldn't help but smile. That night... Billy laid back in bed, his arms behind his head as he stared up at the ceiling. Vera was laying beside him, body curled in close to him as her hand quickly moved up and down the shaft of his penis in quick jerking motions. Billy had been welcomed by Vera as she waited downstairs with the other girls. She was dressed in a real pretty dark green dress which showed the swells of her breast, and she was hanging by the piano player, fanning herself. The moment he walked in they locked eyes as after a few drinks she took his arm as they both went upstairs. Now alone, after another drink Billy could feel the weight of this afternoon slip away from him. Calvin had remained in his carriage as Billy rode ahead with a few of the others, annoyed whenever Calvin would complain about the heat and shout over at them. Once he was settled up at the hotel he quickly put his horse up for the night and hurried to the tavern. Laying there in Vera's warm cozy bed, he felt himself coming close. Trying not to squirm or moan out, he laid back as she studied his face. \"You like that?\" Suddenly he thought of Blue smiling up at him. His thoughts remained for a moment before fading. The feelings as coming closer. Laying there, he bit his bottom lip before instantly he came all over Vera's skillful and soft hands. Closing his eyes exhausted, he laid back and laughed. This was one of Vera's specials and he down right was crazy about it. A short time afterwards, Vera was back to dressing herself as Chris smoothed his shirt out and tucked it in fixing his best. The two decided it was still a little too early to knock off for the evening. Vera was pinning her hair up as Chris checked his pocket-watch and glanced over at her. The dress she was wearing sure was beautiful. Smiling he strolled over and placed his hands on her shoulders, gently rubbing them. \"I'll meet you down there?\" Vera smiled looking in her reflection. Billy smirked before patting her shoulder gently and walked out. Vera stared at her reflection, and couldn't believe she was actually smiling. Later... Billy decided to take Vera over to the hotel. At first she didn't think it was a good idea but after insisting, he linked his arm with her and walked her over to the hotel where lights, music, and laughter were coming from. They walked together, and entered. Billy saw the regulars, and nodded before the two of them climbed the stairs. When they entered Calvin's floor. Moguy was by the bar with Butch and raised his glass smiling. \"Why Billy Crash how are you?!\" Billy tipped his hat and walked Vera over to the bar. \"Gentlemen this is...\" He stared at her before smiling. \"This is Vera, Vera this is Mr. Moguy and Mr. Pooch.\" Vera smiled, touched he had used her real name and bowed her head slightly. \"The pleasure is all mine.\" Billy called for two whiskeys and instantly saw Calvin sitting with Sheba. From the blood stains on the wooden floor, Billy guessed they had just missed a fight. Calvin smiled, smoking a cigarette. \"Ah! Billy Crash! Get that ass over here and introduce me to that pretty little lady you have!\" Walking over, Billy's grip on Vera's arm became tighter. Glancing slightly at him, the two exchanged the same thought without even speaking. Walking over, Billy forced a smile. \"Calvin, this is Vera...Vera...this is Mr. Candie.\" Vera smiled as Calvin rose, grinning from ear to ear. \"My, my, look at you. Aren't you a sight for sore eyes. I'm sure you are keeping one of my number one men right now aren't you?\" Vera didn't let Calvin's false charm get to her. Instead she simply smiled, never taking her eyes off him. \"It takes quite a person to do so, but I believe I'm up for the task.\" Calvin laughed, flicking his ash. \"Ain't she a pepper! Billy boy I do believe you might have met you're match! Come, sit! Sit!\" Billy led Vera down to one of the sofas, as they watched Sheba smoke her own cigarette, sizing Vera up and down without so much as a word spoken. Sitting down across from them, Calvin continued smiling. \"So Vera, you are one of the girls from the tavern aren't you?\" Billy went to say something but Vera squeezed his hand. \"That's right.\" \"My, well you really are a beautiful creature. Men must pay a pretty penny for that kind of company, mostly from a woman like yourself.\" \"I have my moments Mr. Candie.\" Calvin laughed slapping his knee. \"I'm sure you do, now please my dear...call me Calvin.\" A few hours later, after two more drinks, and having to sit and listen to Calvin talk on and on about nothing, another fight was being announced by a business man who was arriving shortly. Billy, wanting to spare Vera from seeing such sights, excused the two of them. Calvin made it a point to kiss Vera's hand, winking and inviting her to please come back anytime. Billy walked her downstairs, and out on the front porch. It was cooler out now, a wind picking up. Leaning against the railing, Billy sighed and apologized about all of that up there. Sometimes he just can't stand Calvin. Vera laughed, waving her hand telling him it was no big deal. She's dealt with men like that in the past before. Thinking money could buy personality. Laughing, Billy agreed before he told her he outta stick around for this fight but would see her afterwards. \"I'll head over to the tavern, run a cool bath and await your return.\" \"I'll walk you.\" \"I'm a big girl Billy Crash, and perfectly capable of taking care of myself.\" Looking her up and down, Billy smiled. \"That darling I'm sure of.\" Leaning down, he kissed her before watching her go. Keeping his eyes on her until finally she disappeared from sight he sighed and leaned back. Glancing up at the stair lit sky he sadly smiled. \"Oh Blue...I ain't forgetting you...trust me.\" Turning, he went back inside. A few hours later, Calvin's Mandingo had won the fight, beating the business man named Travis Eversin to a bloody pulp. Instantly Travis shot up screaming that the fight was fixed as Calvin continued laughing like a greedy little child. Travis began shouting and screaming, demanding his money back as Billy and Bitch took him aside explaining the fight was won fair and square. His face bright red, Travis shoved Billy and screamed he was a fool before Butch revealed his shotgun, warning him to leave. A half an hour later, as the mess was being cleaned up, Billy excused himself for the evening, looking forward to spending the rest of his night with Vera. Before he climbed down the stairs, Calvin called out to him smiling. \"Have fun old sport But not too much fun!\" Billy had to control from rolling his eyes as he wished them all a good night and left. Once outside, he hurried along, thinking of Vera waiting for him. He couldn't wait to freshen up, take a cool bath, and make sweet love to Vera. Just as he walked to the tavern he heard his name. \"Mr! Crash!\" Turning, Billy was caught off guard by Everskin coming out of the shadows. In seconds a fist was in his face, and he was nearly knocked down to the ground. \"You cheating bastard!\" Travis screamed, wounding up again, hitting him this time in the chest. His vision blurring, Billy stumbled, lips bleeding before he was hit again. Falling backwards, he laid back coughing on his own blood as he stared up at Everskin who approached. With how hard he had been hit, it looked like there were three of them. \"HEY!\" He heard Vera's voice. Just then a shot of a pistol cracked in the air and Everskin took off running. In just a matter of seconds Vera hurried down, in her silk robe. \"Jesus Billy!\" She knelt down, her slender soft hands on his bleeding and hurt face. Later... Billy awoke to his heart throbbing. Faintly he heard humming and for a mere second he half expected to see Blue sitting beside him. Instead, he saw Vera, still in her robe, gently rubbing his temples in small circular motions as he laid there, achy all over. He knew his lip was swollen from that bastard, and his jaw pretty bruised up. Laying naked underneath a sheet, he laid back breathing softly. \"What happened?\" He muttered. \"Shhhhh, it's okay.\" Glancing up at her, he saw Vera staring down with calm comforting eyes. \"It was that asshole Travis, he get away?\" \"Ran off like a scared pup. Didn't get him...not exactly a crack shot.\" \"Yeah well, thanks for the help.\" Vera softly laughed, stroking his hair. \"Anytime...\" \"Say? Vera...I've been thinking. I got plenty of money saved up, I'll have even more by the end of the year. What do you say about maybe leaving with me. Go down to Florida or something, buy some land...\" \"Are you serious?\" Vera raised an eyebrow staring down. \"Are you drunk?\" Billy smiled, as much as it hurt his lips. \"If these past months have taught me anything...it's that I don't want to land up here. I like you Vera...\" \"I'm a whore...\" \"You you're not. You're a person. A decent person. Somebody I wouldn't mind trying to build something with...ever since...well I lost Blue, you've been the only person worth a damn that actually cares to ask...am I making sense?\" \"Sorta...but Billy, you don't need me. Besides, I don't think I'll be staying here much longer.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I'm quitting soon. I got savings myself...planning on packing up and leaving in a month or so.\" \"Well that's perfect, we'll go together.\" \"I told you Billy you won't want me. I got baggage.\" \"Baggage? Is it because you don't want to leave with me?\" Sighing, Vera shook her head. \"No sweetheart, it's because...I'm gonna have a baby, and I don't want to burden you with this.\" Billy stared up in shock.[Chapter 5] Vera rolled her eyes annoyed as she quickly made her hair up into a tight braid, twisting it back into a bun. Sitting at her vanity, she began getting dressed, pulling on her corset, and rolling up her stockings. Billy sat on the edge of the bed, staring at her in disbelief. For the last two hours the two had been arguing over the news Vera had broke to him earlier. Bickering now, the two continued going back and forth. \"I shouldn't have said anything Billy, just leave me alone!\" \"No I'm not going to leave you alone! You told me for a reason!\" \"I wanted to let you know I was leaving. God knows you've had enough tragedy lately in you're like and there's no hiding the fact that we've been sharing and enjoying each other's company. I just didn't want you to come here one evening and find this room cleared out. You don't treat me like a whore Billy, you treat me like a lady. You deserve to know the truth. I'm taking my savings, heading elsewhere, and having my baby. I'm just a few years away from becoming one of those other women. Night after night laying on my back with drunken sloppy old men on top of me. One day I'll wake up, I'll be old too, used up, and alone. Simple as that. This is my chance to get out.\" \"That's not your choice...this is my child as well...\" Vera raised an eyebrow, turning as she began fixing her slip. Laughing, she shot him a look. \"Who says it's yours?! I spent night after night with different men!\" \"No!\" Billy said shaking his head and pointing. \"No! By the looks of you...what are you, a month? Maybe two? For the last three months it's just been us. I've paid extra to buy you out. Even the nights I haven't been here I made sure you were't being visited. Larry downstairs was even complaining since you are one of his most popular girls and I've paid up font for you're services week after week...you've only been with me!\" \"You don't know that for certain! This is all a business. Maybe Larry and me are lying, taking your foolish money, and still whoring me out whenever we can. I like a good screw Mr. Crash, and I ain't some innocent young thing. This baby doesn't belong to anyone but me!\" Vera stood up, smoothing out her skirt, walking to grab her heels. That's when Billy jumped up from the bed and grabbed onto her arm, squeezing it. Glaring at her, he brought her in close. \"Listen to me? Why are you lying? You think I would treat you or this child poorly? Why are you running away? There's a reason you told me, a real reason...you wanted me to know because you care about me right?!\" Instantly Vera glared back. \"You don't care about me! I'm not Blue! I never will be! I was a nice little distraction while you were dealing with this. You'll only regret me and this baby. Say your goodbyes Billy. I'm going soon and you can return to that plantation...now go!\" Vera ripped away from him, going towards the door when Billy ran forward, grabbing her again, twisting her around, and grasping onto her. Forcing her to look her in the eye, he seemed overwhelmed and furious at the same time. His fingers digging into her arms, he glared at her. \"Blue is dead. I didn't watch her close enough and I lost her. I know you're not Blue...but you're somebody as fucked up as I am. I can't offer you much besides looking after you and this baby. I got nobody Vera...nobody in this whole shitty world. Whenever I look at you I don't see Blue, I see another chance at maybe, just maybe a life...a future. I don't got much, but please...don't leave...\" Billy lowered his head, and suddenly the terrible wheezing sound came in his chest. When he lifted his eyes, they were filled with tears. Pleading, he grasped onto her, almost slipping out of her arms. \"Please...please don't leave me and take my baby away...please...\" Vera stared with disbelieving eyes before slowly her smooth hand cupped his rough tanned face. Sighing, she bought him in, wrapping her arms around him. Later... Vera laid on the bed, undressed. Billy laid beside her, hiked up on an elbow and staring down at her. Gently, his rough tanned hand swept across her stomach which was still practically flat. Feeling her smooth skin, he stared down in complete wonder. He had often fantasied about starting a family one day with Blue, but not like this. Looking at Vera, she was no longer the whore named Rose. She had been somebody who allowed him to cry, to collapse, and vent his rage to. She had welcomed him when the grief had been the worse, comforting him, holding him in her arms, making I'm feel better, safe. Always taking his mind off whatever was happening and laying there listening. Now things had changed, he had put a baby in her, and was at risk of having the one decent person left in his life to leave him. No, he wouldn't allow it. Laying there, he stared down at her before Vera looked up at him and smiled. \"I'm still leaving Billy...you can come with me if you want, but I can't keep living this sort of life, mostly with a baby on the way.\" \"I can't stay here any longer either. I'm done with that damn plantation. All it gives me is bad memories and a headache. I say we pool what we got saved, and in a month or so we both take off down to Florida.\" \"Are you serious?\" \"Yes ma'am. Buy a little piece of land, maybe near some orange groves. Start a small farm, just fruit...we'll build us a little cabin, just the three of us.\" His hand gently pressed down against her stomach as he smiled. Vera stared up at him as he leaned down, gently kissing her. An hour or so later after making love again, Vera laid sprawled across Billy's chest, gently humming and rubbing his stomach and chest. Billy laid back, arms behind his head. It was a hot miserable day, but the two had intended on spending the remainder of the afternoon in bed together. \"So what's the plan?\" Vera asked lifting her head. Billy smiled, brushing back some of her hair. \"Well, we're going to let Larry know you'll be retiring today. I'll set you up in a nice room at the hotel, and give me a good month to tie up a few loose ends over at Candyland and then we'll set up a stagecoach and leave town, but not before we get ourselves married. No son of mine is going to be a bastard.\" Vera lifted an eyebrow and laughed. \"Who says it's a boy?!\" \"Oh, I'm pretty certain it is darling. He'll be handsome just like his father.\" Laughing, Vera rolled over, laying back beside him. Both stared up at the ceiling, side by side. \"You really wanna marry me?\" Vera asked as Billy looked down at her. \"Of course, Vera Crash has a nice little ring to it don't you think?\" Vera laughed as Billy grabbed hold of her, both rolling back and forth together, tangled up in the sheets. As Billy kissed her, laughing, smiling, and more than a little frightened, and excited he couldn't believe it. For the first time in months he was actually happy. Really happy. One week later... Vera was currently staying up at the Western Hotel. There were two hotels in town, and Vera instead on staying in the smaller one, the one where Calvin didn't spent his time whenever he was visiting. The Western was a nice little place where travelers often stopped by while passing through. There was a small bar on the first floor, and ten rooms in total. The town mason had a room there ever since he was rebuilding his own home on the outskirts of town. Vera was staying in the room beside his, and Billy had paid him twenty dollars a week to just keep his eye out on her evenings when he wasn't able to make it into town. Vera was unaware of this of course, and seemed beyond relieved that she was finally out of the tavern. Larry hadn't been exactly happy about the news of her leaving since all of his other girls weren't reliable but honored her wishes. Billy helped her move out and three bags later, and a tin box full of cash she was moved into the hotel. He told her he planned on working one last month for Calvin. He was planning on the beginning of the spring for a few new batches of fighters which Billy would be in charge of buying and helping train. After that, he would inform Calvin about his plans on quitting, take his savings, and grab Vera and leave town. Until then, he wanted to say as little as possible. Now busy with work, he was training almost nine slaves currently. Him and Sean would round them up, and take them out back where the barns where. There they would spend hours upon hours watching them circle about, sweating, angry, almost like wild dogs. Billy and Sean would walk about, shouting, directing, telling them where to punch, dodge, and hit. After hours of this, the men would be beaten and bloody and Billy would walk away with a small sense that he wad actually doing something right. He finally since Blue had hope. He had more than enough money to start a new life with Vera. As crazy as it seemed, he actually saw this working out. They would marry, start that little farm he planned on, and raise their child. He would prove that he could be not only a good husband, but a good father as well. Never would he let what happened to Blue happen to them. Never. One month later... \"Here.\" Vera who was sitting on the balcony of her room with Billy, fanning herself and drinking iced tea looked over. Billy had to admit the pregnancy was agreeing with her. She was dressed in a forest green dress and boots. She sat back, hair pinned up as she cocked her head to the side. He had rode back after being at the plantation while Calvin was spending a few days in town. Just last night he had to round up that stupid black bitch who tried to escape again. \"What's that?\" Billy who sat across from her handed her a tin old beaten up box. Setting down her fan and glass, she took the box and looked at it. Billy pointed. He had plans on meeting up with Calvin and the others tomorrow morning to go back to the plantation. Rumor had it some German doctor was visiting him at the other hotel tonight wondering about buying one of the Mandingos. The rest of the gang would be riding in with them tomorrow back to Candyland. Billy had informed Vera he was planning on telling Calvin about him leaving and if all went as planned together they would be leaving town by the end of the week. Billy had missed Vera the last week or so since he had been so busy with Calvin and the training. Now enjoying an evening together, he had first arrived to find her vomiting into a wash basin. Instantly he stormed in, spurs clinking as he hurried over taking her arm. Hating seeing her like this, he first told her he wanted to go fetch the doc. Once she finished spitting, she moaned, rolled her eyes and told him it was normal. Once she fixed herself something cool to drink, the two decided to sit out on the balcony and catch the cool breeze. It was sunset, and they could faintly hear music from the other hotel across town. That's where Clavin was currently holding one of his fights before meeting with the German doctor. Billy couldn't help but like seeing the little swell he now noticed in her belly. She seemed tired, and a little annoyed by being so bored, but told him otherwise she was feeling just fine. Billy and her were spending the hour sitting, him drinking whiskey, her drinking her tea. Tonight he had brought a few things with him. Holding the box, she stared at it. Billy pointed. \"That's all of my savings. I counted, there is at least thirty-eight thousand dollars there.\" Raising an eyebrow Vera opened the box before instantly her brow wrinkled. Reaching in, she took out a small red gold ring. Looking across at him, she held it out. \"What about this?\" \"That's your wedding ring. Once we get settled I'll pick you out something nicer.\" Vera smiled looking at it before she slipped it on her finger. Admiring her hand, she held it up and sadly smiled. \"I love it.\" Billy smirked, leaning over and cupping her cheek kissing her. Their mouths softly opened and closed before he closed his eyes and pressed his forehead against hers. \"I love you Blue...\" In that instant, Billy knew his mistake. His face crumpled, almost in pain before he slowly let go of her and pulled back. When he opened his eyes, instead of being greeted by anger, he saw sad, but understanding eyes. Billy lowered his head ashamed. \"I'm so sorry...\" Reaching forward, Vera stroked his stubble covered cheek. \"Shhh...it's okay.\" Billy shook his head. \"No it's not...\" \"You loved her, you miss her...nothing is ever going to change that. I know you love me, and this baby...but in a different way. Trust me, it's okay.\" Sighing, Billy looked at her. \"I just want to...take care of you...I...\" Vera smiled and set down the box, Playing with her ring, she smiled. \"You going to tell Calvin?\" \"This weekend, he'll be mad as Hell but I honestly don't care.\" \"Well, come on...let's get into bed, you got a long ride back tomorrow.\" Standing, she offered her hand, helping Billy up. The two stood together, facing each other before Billy's hand slipped down, touching her stomach. Th two lifted each other's eyes. That night... Billy laid awake laying beside Vera who was fast asleep. The thin moonlight drifted in through the curtains. Laying there, he listened to Vera's breathing, all the while laying awake thinking of Blue. He hated he was feeling like this, but knowing how he was really leaving this place put into focus what he was really leaving behind. Thinking of Blue's faded eyes, he wished more than anything at this exact moment that it was really her laying in bed with him. That it was her pregnant with his child. That it was them planning on getting married and leaving this fresh hell behind. Kissing Vera's bare shoulder, he sighed laying back, knowing he wouldn't sleep for a very long time. The next morning... Billy found Vera fitting on the balcony early the next morning. Tucking in his shirt, he walked out. Vera was looking over the railing. The men were getting ready, Calvin's carriage getting set up as he shouted orders at everyone. Billy knew he needed to get down there quick. \"Is that the slave you were talking about?\" Billy walked over and saw where Vera was looking. The men on the horses were a little further down the street. Instantly Billy felt nothing but disgust looking down. There he saw him sitting on the horse, hat on acting like he owned the place. Rolling his eyes, he fixed his cufflink. \"Yep, that's him.\" \"Wow...a slave on a horse. I've seen it all.\" \"He isn't even a slave the boys said. He's supposed to be a free man. A Goddamn nigger on a horse...Jesus...\" Vera leaned against the railing and stared down at the man with serious eyes before she sat back. She had been up almost an hour now, her head pounding. Sitting back, she gently rubbed her temples. Instantly Billy saw. \"You all right?\" \"I'm okay, just feeling a little winded.\" Billy knelt down beside her and smiled. Leaning forward, he kissed her softly. Their mouths opened and closed before he pulls back and gently ttugged her on her earlobe. \"Take care of yourself okay? I'll see you in three days.\" Vera nodded, looking a little pale. \"Allright.\" \"I love you.\" Vera smirked, as if she knew he was just saying it to say it. Instead, she smiled, leaned over and kissed his scruffy cheek. \"Three days, see you then.\" Smiling, he tipped his hat to her before turning and leaving. The last thing Vera heard of him was his spurs loudly clinking. It was the last time she ever saw him again. Billy joined the others, riding along where he met that slave who worked with the German doctor. The slave who instantly rubbed Billy the wrong way. Niggers like this were the type that had raped and killed his Blue. Niggers like this couldn't be trusted. That night, while the big house was holding a dinner, he went around back to the cemetery. Kneeling by Blue's grave, he gently picked away a few pieces of grass and sighed. \"I wish I could just see you Blue...just one more time...\" That's when he heard the loud thunder of gunshots. Listening, at first he thought it could be thunder. Seconds later, Sean and a few others came running. \"Billy! It's the big house!\" Billy jumped up, running and drawing his pistol. Still hearing the gunshots and men scrambling to run in, he dashed towards the parlor windows. Climbing in, he spotted Broomhilda and grabbed her. The Next morning... Billy left the barn where Django was strung up, making his way towards the main house where Laura was waiting. Calvin was dead, the big house practically destroyed, and eleven men in total dead, including Butch. When Billy came this close to cutting Django's nuts off he thought of that animal who raped and murdered his Blue. As he walked, he thought of Vera back in town. He thought of his unborn child, and he thought of his unknown future. As horrible as it seemed, he knew in the long run no matter how hard he tried to be a good husband and father, or followed Laura Lee's orders in his last day or so in the plantation...it all wouldn't mean anything. Blue was still dead, and he wouldn't feel the same until he was with her again. That evening, he finally was put out of his misery. Dressed in his suit, he went with Cora, Laura, Stephen, and the few others for Calvin's funeral. He hated to admit it, but he was relieved Calvin was finally dead. Walking back, they entered the blood stained walls of Candyland, only to hear Django's chilling voice from the top of the stairs. When Billy approached, blood boiling Django drew his guns in a flash, hitting him straight into the shoulder, sending pieces of muscle flying as blood squirted out. Flying backwards, Billy cried out in pain, rolling across the carpet. \"Billy Crash, now where were we? Oh that's right, last time I saw you, you had your hands on my...\" Another bullet was fired, straight into Billy's crotch. The pain was unbearable, sending him into a white lighting bolt of pain which caused him to scream, his entire body going into shock. Laura cried from the pallor doorway watching as blood sprayed upward. Billy screamed as loud as he could, before turning slightly over. \"DJANGO YOU BLACK BASTARD!\" \"The D is silent hillbilly.\" With that Django fired once more, this time the bullet going straight into his heart. Seconds later the horrible pain stopped and Billy Crash was dead. Less than seven minutes later Candy Land fell, exploding and Billy's remains were destroyed. For a few mere moments Billy floated in and out of a thick dark haze before he could faintly hear Blue's gentle voice calling him. \"Come on Billy, it's time to go home...\" The next morning... Vera was on the balcony reading when she received news of the massacre of Candyland spread fast and by the time Vera had gotten a ride over there, the main house had burned down to a crumbling wreck. Standing there, looking at the smoking remains she shook her head. Everyone had different theories on what exactly had happened. Whoever was left on the plantation figured it was some slaves, or whoever had started the shootout that claimed Calvin's life the night before. A few search parties were sent out, but Vera figured whoever did indeed do this were long gone. As horrible as it seemed, she knew whatever these people did, including Billy...they most likely had it coming. Walking over to the cemetery, she searched in the blazing hot sun before finally spotting Blue's grave. Shaking her head she glared at it before rubbing her stomach. \"Well Blue, he's all yours. You may have him in death...but I'll have the only piece of him that still exists.\" Turning, she never came back. Robert's burnt up remains were buried along with the others in an unmarked grave less than fifteen feet away from Blue's grave. Several months later. Vera screamed leaning forward, hair hanging down as sweat rolled down her face. Doc Miller worked before finally she collapsed back. Holding the squirming screaming baby, Doc Miller smiled. \"It's a boy!\" Vera laid back exhausted and drained. Moments later, the baby was brought over to her, wrapped up and still bloody. \"He sure looks healthy honey.\" Vera sat slightly up, holding onto the baby with complete wonder and awe. Sitting there, she stared down feeling weak. She was currently living down in Florida. She had left town shortly after the fall of Candyland, taking her and Billy's money and never looking back again. She was living in town, currently looking at property on the shoreline. She had more than enough money to keep her comfortable for the next few years and as her pregnancy went on, night after night she thought of Billy. Whatever had happened at Candyland, Billy had met a terrible horrible end. Now she held his son. \"Got a name picked out?\" \"William...his name is William.\" Two years later... Vera had a handkerchief tied around her hair as she stood picking oranges. She had married a slight older farmer when William was just a few months old. He owned over ten acres of land where they grew oranges and berries. He treated her and William well, and she was content, She loved her husband, but she still knew she would never give him any children. William would be her first and last child. The wedding ring Billy had given her she had stashed away, hoping someday maybe, just maybe she would give it to William when he met a girl he like well enough. Standing in the hot Florida sun, she gently hummed as William waddled around, rolling oranges that had fallen on the ground. He was gurgling and giggling to himself. They were near the back dirt road where travels passed by. This morning the two after breakfast had headed out to pick some fruit. William kept picking up and dropping oranges, laughing to himself. Even at two years old, William was the spitting image of his father. Just then the sound of horses came. Vera looked over and saw a carriage passing by. She saw the two passengers and nearly froze. It was that black slave, and his wife. Both were dressed nicely, sitting side by side. A straw hat on his head. Riding by, the man's eyes locked with Vera's stunned ones. She could have screamed, she could have shouted and stopped them. Hell, she could have scooped her baby up and ran to the house to get Joel to fetch the law. Instead, she simply stood there by the trees and stared at them. He looked back at her, not knowing who she was or that almost three years ago he had killed the father of the little boy who stood beside her. Vera simply stood there, and noticed that the wife had a newborn held close to her chest. Sighing, she had no more fight left in her. Turning away she continued to pick fruit, listening to the sound of the horses clop by. Minutes later once she got her breathing under control and she knew they were gone, she broke out of her trance when Willam tugged on her skirt. \"Mamma! Mamma!\" Vera smiled looking down at her son's chubby little cheeks. He smiled, holding up an orange. \"Thanks baby.\" William giggled and waddled back to pick up more oranges. Watching him, she knew the real reason why she ignored that man and his wife. It was because deep down in her heart she knew this man was the reason why Billy was back with Blue. The love of his life. Smiling, sadly, she continued picking oranges. Somewhere else... Billy was sitting in a field underneath the warm comforting sun. He sat back as Blue laid against him, her head back in his lap. She was humming softly. Opening his eyes, he looked down at her sweet face. Her eyes no longer faded, but clear and full of sight. \"What are you looking at Billy Crash?\" Billy smiled brushing her bangs out of her face. \"Nothing darling, nothing at all.\" Smiling, he sat with her underneath the warm heavenly sun. The End. ","Summary":" To say that Billy Crash was misunderstood would be truly a complete understatement. Several years b"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"On The Run Again","Author":"K900","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12346384","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Austin, TX Dr. King Schultz and Django ride out to the old Indian Pass to meet with fellow Bounty Hunter Granger Walton. He had sent them an urgent message that Deuce Anderson had murdered three of their bounty hunter colleagues to avoid capture. One had dynamite rigged to his front door. The other, had died from a lethal dose of arsenic in his morning coffee. And the last, had been found hanging dead in his barn. Granger said that they were all in danger and that it would be better if they banded together. Dr King glanced at his pocket watch. —He should have been here three hours ago, he murmurs. He turns to Django. —Stay put here, will you? I'll ride out toward Empire to see why he's delayed. Django nodded. Dr King rode towards the dark desolate landscape until he came upon the lifeless body of Granger Walton, hanging upside down from an old withered tree. A gunshot wound on his head. Pinned on his chest was a blood stained playing card, the deuce of diamonds. ….. Boston, MA In a little row of small brick buildings on Stuart St. a mailman knocks on the door of a ramshackle apartment. —Miss Davison? the door opens to reveal a petite, dark haired woman. —Letter for you, miss. says the tall bearded man and hands her the envelope. Recognising the name on the letter, she smiles. She thanks the man and closes the door behind her. She opens the letter with a knife and reads. Dear Samantha, How is your new life as a law abiding citizen in Massachusetts? I've heard that you are gainfully employed in a textile factory on Warren St. I have not forgotten your request to look you up should I happen to be in town. The truth is, I am in need of your help. An outlaw is killing off bounty hunters in Texas. I am in grave danger. It seems that Deuce Anderson is determined to kill us all to avoid capture. Seeing that he will never venture this far north, could you offer me temporary shelter as I make my way to Pennsylvania? Texas has become to dangerous for me to work in, and have decided to accept and offer of employment to serve the court of Philadelphia. If it isn't possible for you to receive me, I understand. I'm sure local enforcement can find me a place to stay. It's just that, it would be nice to see how you are doing. I hope this letter finds you well and in good health. Your friend, Dr King She closes the letter. How long she has wanted to hear from him. How she has longed to see him again. If only the circumstances were better, she sighed. The poor man is in danger. A harsh knock is heard from outside her door. She stands, and sees her door knocked down by a large man with gold teeth. He whips out a well worn pistol and holds it up to her temple. —Miss Davison, says the man, I have a proposition for you from a Mr Deuce Anderson. You might not know him yet, but you will very soon. Austin Texas Jail —letter for you, Doc! says the marshall. Handing a letter to Dr King, He sees it is a reply from Samantha in Boston. He tears open the letter impatiently. His eye falls on her feminine handwriting. It is calm and even. It reads: Dr King Schultz, How glad I am to hear from you. Although the circumstances are not entirely pleasant, do come to Boston and stay with me. Let me know when you arrive. I am so looking forward to seeing you again. Respectfully yours, Ms. Samantha Davison He closes the letter and smiles.[Chapter 2] Boston Central Terminal Dr King's train arrives at Boston. He steps off the platform. The steam clears, and he sees Samantha waiting for him, half turned and looking the other way, prettier than ever. —Sam? She turns —Dr King, she says breathlessly, and kisses him lightly on the cheek. —I can't believe it, you're here, she says. —Neither can I, honestly. he smiles. Last time we were together we were surrounded by a band of federal marshals armed to the teeth. —Yes, we were. She blushes, remembering their long kiss. He playfully offers her his arm. —So, Miss Davison, won't you show me around your fair city? ….. That evening, they walk slowly to her place on Stuart street. He sees that it is a very humble dwelling. —Factory work isn't as profitable as robbing banks, I admit, but it's an honest living, she says. — I'm glad you made the change, Sam. I don't think a life on the run suits you. —No, it does not. —Are you happy? —I am. She walks up to her front door. —Well, this is it. My place. Dr King, seeing that the street is deserted, plants a kiss on her lips. She reciprocates, wrapping her arms arms round his neck. She breaks their kiss to open the door. He drops his small suitcase and carries on kissing her inside her apartment, until he realises she has stopped kissing him. There's fear in her eyes. —What's wrong? he asks. He turns, and sees Deuce Anderson with his henchman, the gold toothed Bruiser standing before them in the semi darkness. Before King can draw his pistol, Bruiser hits him squarely on the jaw, knocking him out cold.[Chapter 3] Warehouse somewhere in Boston Cold water hits Dr King's face. He wakes immediately in a dark and severe interior. He's sitting in a chair, the ropes cutting into his wrists. He looks around. Standing before him is Deuce Anderson, not too far behind is Bruiser, his gold teeth glittering in the dark. —So, you thought you could escape us, did you? says Deuce. —How did you know I was in boston? —I have friends who work in the Texas postal service, said Deuce. You'd be surprised how easily an ex-con can get employment there. Once you posted her a letter, it was just a matter of paying her a visit. —And Sam? Is she part of your gang? A look of amusement came over Deuce. —You really feel betrayed, don't you? Well, let's say I had something she wanted, and she had you to give to me. Dr King fell silent. He had been used. He had given her a new life in Boston, freed her from a death sentence and was repaid with betrayal. I swear, if I live to find her again, I will hurt her, he thought bitterly. —So, Dr King, I've been looking forward to ending your life. You took my most capable men to the hangman, and now you're going to pay. He held up two ominous looking copper clamps with serrated edges. Each contact made a crackling noise, sending sparks into the air. The water that drenched his clothes and pooled around his ankles, made him tremble. He feared what was to come. … Deuce kicks Dr Schultz in the stomach as he lays on the floor. He doesn't respond. —Bastard must have passed out. Must have a weak heart. It's time to finish you off, bounty hunter. Deuce raises the voltage, and before Deuce could shock him again, Dr Schultz knocks him out cold. While Deuce is still out, dr king struggles to stand. He finds Deuces' pistol on the table. The door opens and it is Bruiser. Before Bruiser's eyes can adjust to the dark , he is shot by Dr King. But the man escapes out into the darkness. Behind King, Deuce Anderson begins to stir and struggles to draw his switchblade from his jacket, Dr King steps on his wrist and aims his gun carefully at his chest. —As an official of the state of Texas, I am authorised to capture you, dead or alive, for the crime of murder and armed robbery. He shoots. Sensing a loss of blood, he collapses to the floor. A boston policeman hears the gunshots and appears at the open doorway. He sees the Deuce's corpse and the injured Dr King, he runs frantically to call for help. …[Chapter 4] Boston Hospital Dr Schultz wakes in the hospital. The local police interview him about his capture. The inspector, a young detective, asks him questions. —How did you end up in his warehouse? —I was walking down Stuart St, when he surprised me with his man, Bruiser, who knocked me out cold. Deftly he makes no mention of Samantha. I'll deal with her myself. He is surprised by this new side of him. This coldness, this thirst for revenge. The truth is, he'd never been deceived by a woman before, not like this. Have I crossed the line? I don't care. I don't care. —Have you found Bruiser, his henchman? Schultz asks. —We have not. But policemen are searching the area. The doctor enters and declares that although Dr King wasn't irreparably harmed by the electrocution, he recommends that he stay the night. They wrap up the interview and with that, they bid him a good recovery. Stuart st. Samantha's apartment Fearing for her life, Samantha frantically packs up her things. Hot tears stream down her face when she thinks of what fate awaits Dr King Schultz. She stoops from underneath her table and fishes out a well hidden Colt revolver she's kept from her bank robbing days. She kept the bullets hidden above a tall bookcase in a small ceramic jar. She takes out her booty from an old heist, a faded olive coloured money bag from the Texas national bank. In it, is a measly $200, but it'll have to do. She feels a cold draft behind her. A realisation hits her, the back door is open. In an instant, a chloroform soaked kerchief descends onto her face from behind, she tries to get free, but it is too late. She wakes, lying on the floor, her ankles and wrists bound. Above her is Dr King Schultz. He glares coldly at her and picks up a bowie knife from a nearby table and positions it at her throat. —Please, no, she pleads. But his demeanour is unchanged. —I regret that I spared your life in Texas. I should have let you hang, he says. Tears well up in her eyes. He holds her head down to the floor to keep it still, and sinks the knife edge against her soft neck. —Stay still and it'll be over quick. She sobs softly to herself. The kind Dr King she knew in Texas had become a faint memory. A knock is heard is from outside. A little voice says: —Mama, I'm home. He stops. —You, have a child? —It's my little boy, Arthur. King, please, don't hurt him. —Who's child is he? Have you been selling yourself? She can see the disgust in his eyes. —No. My first year here I fell in love and got pregnant. When the father found out he left me. King, I didn't want to betray you. But Deuce came and took Arthur and threatened to hurt him if I didn't cooperate. I had no choice. Promise me, you'll send him to my sister out west. I don't want him to end up in a workhouse. He won't survive a year there. Promise me you'll do this. It's all I ask. Here she is, about to die, and all she can think about is her boy. None of this would have happened to her if he hadn't posted her a letter. What's a mother to do, faced with such a choice? —Why didn't you tell me? he asked —Deuce said he'd kill Arthur if said anything to you. He sees his reflection in a small mirror. He sees a wild man. What have I become? A few seconds more and I would have made that child an orphan. —I'm sorry Anderson did this to you. I understand now, he says. And cuts her bonds free. He gets up to leave and opens the door to let Arthur in. A little, frail boy enters, he sees a bearded stranger holding a big knife, and his mother on the floor with tears in her eyes. He knows something is wrong and runs into her arms. Dr Schultz backs away slowly and leaves by the back door, —I'm sorry Sam, he mutters, shutting the door behind him. Inside, she holds her child, relieved at being spared, happy that her boy is safe and sound, yet filled with sadness because King could never love her again.[Chapter 5] A darkened alleyway in Boston. Midnight Dr King, after downing a stiff drink, leaves the Green Dragon Tavern. With the Deuce dead, there was no reason to stay in Massachusetts, nor to go on to Philadelphia. He makes his way to an inn that he is staying in, through the Boston Commons, facing the state capitol. The rustling of the trees and the sleeping city puts him in a pensive mood. Her face flashes in his mind, that moment when she holds her little boy close to her. Poor girl. He opens the door to his room and closes the door behind him and collapses into bed, when he hears a footstep behind him. Immediately a cord is strung in front of his face and tightens around his neck. He is being garrotted. He is raised up from the bed and and Bruiser whispers in his ear: —Thought you'd get away? Bruiser tightens the cord and King finds himself staring at the ceiling, unable to reach for his revolver which Bruiser deftly unholsters and throws on the ground. He tries frantically to put his fingers underneath the cord, but its useless. He struggles against the man, moving from side to side, furniture is overturned around them, a vase breaks, a side table falls, the door busts open when they thrash against it. Bruiser tightens the garrotte, pressing King's face against the wall. King is starting to lose consciousness when unexpectedly, the garrotte loosens and king sinks against the wall and lies on the floor. He struggles to turn to look behind him. He sees Bruiser, his eyes wide open with a look of surprise, he falls to the floor with a knife in the back to reveal Sam standing behind him. She has a terrified look on her face and flees the apartment, leaving the door behind open. How did she know he was staying here? Maybe she'd asked after him at the police station, or the hospital… King passes out. When he wakes, he sees a frightened innkeeper, and Django, who has found him. —You must have 9 lives, doc. Who wiped out the Bruiser? —Sam, he said with a hoarse voice. —The bank robber? That little lady has grit. —You must see to it that she's safe. She has an apartment on stuart street. She has a child with her. 18 Stuart. Go now. The innkeeper says that the police are on their way. King reaches into his briefcase and produces the handbill for Bruiser, explaining that he is wanted for murder and robbery. After the police arrive, Django tells him —The apartment's deserted. Valuables are taken, she and and her boy must have skipped town. Perhaps to escape Bruiser's known associates. —She's on the run again, says King. And it's all on my account. ","Summary":" Austin, TX Dr. King Schultz and Django ride out to the old Indian Pass to meet with fellow Bounty H"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"Monsieur Candie","Author":"neonntiger2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9829688","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Calvin clutched his hand to his stomach as he watched the boat whose bow he stood so uneasily at being tied to the dock. Four white men, tall and marked from life close to the ocean, moved back and forth along the rope from the dock to the deck of the boat with the ease of birds on a clear day. Leonide came up behind Calvin and clamped a tight hand over his shoulder. \"Here we are,\" he said brightly, gesturing to the vast coastal landscape. \"France.\" Calvin shrugged Leonide's hand off to march towards the bridge to the dock. \"That Victorian is for you,\" Leonide called after Calvin, his outstretched hand moving from the landscape to the black carriage just beyond the dock. A simple nod was the only response Leonide was met with. While Calvin dragged himself across the bridge to the dock and then finally onto dry, stable land, Leonide oversaw the handling of all of Calvin's precious cargo. His steamer trunks and hat boxes and luggages were carried off under his close supervision and loaded into a separate, longer Victorian that was stopped behind the one Calvin had just climbed into. \"I advise you to be careful with those trunks,\" Leonide told one of the dockhands. \"Yes, yes,\" the man responded, bowing. Calvin turned in his seat. The dockhand's accent fascinated him. It shocked and aroused him. He pulled his telescope hat low over his forehead and closed his eyes as he sat properly in his seat. The tumultuous trip mixed with the sticky sea air left his stomach in dense knots. He clenched his jaw and swallowed hard, the acid rolling up and down the back of his throat leaving a sour taste in his mouth. He stuck two fingers between the buttons of his waistcoat and waited silently while his and Leonide's things were loaded. An hour under the sweltering French sun elapsed before the Victorians began their trip to the villa Calvin would be staying in.[Chapter 2] Relief from the heat came in the form of mojitos. Served in tall glasses and packed with ice and vibrant mint leaves, Calvin swallowed two before he even settled into his temporary home. The villa came stocked with the finest help France had to offer a distinguished slave owner like Calvin Candie. A beautiful negress, tall with a sculpted face and long limbs, tended to Calvin as if he were a small child. She took his hat, took his coat, and combed his disturbed hair back with the care and caress of a warm mother. Calvin embraced the hospitality with quiet contentment; a bow, a smile, a tilt of his head. His riding boots were replaced with leather house slippers, which his negress carefully placed on Calvin's overheated feet. \"You remind me of my Sheba,\" Calvin said to her as she rose to her feet, Calvin's boots in her hands. \"Thank you,\" she bowed her head. \"You got a name, girl?\" \"Name?\" She repeated, accent thick. The same feeling of upsetting fascination Calvin felt at the docks rumbled in his gut again. \"My name Geraldine.\" \"Geraldine,\" Calvin ran his fingers along his jawline, his fingernails combing through his beard. \"That's quite a mouthful.\" Calvin looked Geraldine up and down as he considered the taste of her name on his tongue. Geraldine. Such a proper name for a slave, he thought to himself, eyebrows raising. \"Geraldine,\" Calvin nodded after a long pause. He waved his hand to dismiss her. \"That'll be all for now.\" Geraldine bowed her head and curtseyed before backing out of the room. Calvin watched her every move, his eyes fixed on the way her dark legs moved beneath the sheer white cotton gown she wore. She appeared almost as a nurse in such pristine clothing. He gave his beard another scratch and crossed the living room he stood in to the terrace. Leonide stood at the balcony holding a mojito and a cigarette. \"Calvin,\" he said jovially, looking towards his friend. \"Has your stomach settled?\" \"Yes, quite nicely,\" he nodded, the pads of his fingers brushing down the polished buttons of his waistcoat. \"The wonders of a spirit.\" Leonide raised his glass in agreement. \"Have you met Geraldine?\" he asked. Calvin reached into his vest to pull out a short, black cigarette holder. Leonide wasted no time in providing a freshly lit cigarette to the man, placing it into the end of the holder that Calvin now had clenched between his browned teeth. The younger man took a deep drag and expelled the smoke through his flared nostrils. \"The head negress?\" Leonide asked. \"Yes, in the white gown,\" he said. \"She took my hat, my coat,\" he nodded. \"Quiet woman.\" \"Reminds me of my Sheba,\" he bit down on the end of his cigarette holder. \"What did you say her name was, Calvin?\" \"Geraldine.\" \"I say,\" he chuckled. \"The French are fond of that kind of name, you know. That's the third name I've heard today that ends with that -ine sound.\" \"Who were the first two?\" \"The other two women staying here,\" Leonide responded. He took a small sip from his mojito. \"White women.\" \"Are you going to tell me their names, Mr. Moguy?\" \"Oh, of course,\" he huffed. \"Maxine and Josephine.\" \"Josephine,\" Calvin considered the name now just as he had chewed on Geraldine's name a moment earlier. \"That's a fine name. Rolls right off the tongue, don't it? Josephine,\" Calvin gestured loosely, his rings catching the sun and sparkling in Leonide's eyes. \"A fine name,\" he echoed. Calvin pulled his cigarette holder from his mouth between pinched fingers. He shook the ash off the end of his cigarette and looked out at the landscape. The ocean, the beach. It was a drastic change from the plantation he was so accustomed to overlooking from his bedroom terrace. Instead of black bodies hunched over in the fields, he saw white folk near the water with their children, their little figures splashing in and out of the refreshing tide. Calvin drew in a deep inhale of his cigarette and held the smoke until it burned his lungs. \"Josephine,\" he said again. \"A fine name.\"[Chapter 3] \"Escargot,\" Geraldine announced cordially as four servants lowered four platters onto the table — one at each end with two in the centre. Calvin leaned forward in his chair and gestured to the silver dish with his cigarette holder. \"What are these?\" he looked up at Geraldine. \"Escar—\" \"In English, girl.\" \"Snails.\" \"I beg your pardon?\" \"Snails, Mister Candie.\" \"Snails?\" \"These are a delicacy here in France,\" Leonide said as he dabbed the corners of his mouth with a cream coloured napkin. \"Only served to the finest of company.\" \"Snails,\" Calvin's thick brow furrowed with deep displeasure. \"I see.\" He removed his cigarette from the end of its holder and stubbed it out in the centre of his empty plate with more force than required. He rose with the same kind of ferocity, the abrupt sound of his heavy chair scraping back across the wood causing the eyes of the guests at the table to gaze upon the disgruntled man. Calvin appeared unfazed by the interruption he had just caused. \"Uh-uh,\" Calvin wagged his finger at Geraldine as she stepped towards him. \"That will not be necessary. I've had my fill for the evening,\" he offered the expectant company. \"I will be retiring to my quarters now. Good night.\" He bowed his head with exaggerated formality before abandoning his place at the head of the table. Leonide called after Calvin to bid him a good night, but his words fell on deaf ears. Calvin was in the foyer with one goal in mind — shedding his attire and diving between the fresh linens of his bed. The sparse candle arrangements left Calvin wandering through intervals of darkness in the unfamiliar villa as he ascended the long staircase. The lack of light on the top floor had Calvin dragging his hand along the wall to find the door to his bedroom. First room. Second room. Third room. His room. He lowered his hand until he reached the cool handle. Another burst of excessive force saw him explode into the room as though appearing on stage in a concert hall. He closed the door behind him with the heel of his boot and began undoing the buttons of his coat. A velvety voice cut through the darkness with a heavy \"Pardon\". Calvin's fingers lingered at the hem of his coat, his eyes darting around in an attempt to discern a figure to pair with the voice. \"Pardon me,\" he huffed, sounding like he had just been caught in a devious act. He fumbled for his book of matches, pulling one out and striking it. The tiny object did little to illuminate the room. Calvin held it up hoping to extend its reach, but the small flicker was no match against the heavy blackness of the bedroom. A crack and sizzle filled the silence and gave shape to the face of a woman leaning over a freshly lit candle on the bedside table. Calvin looked at her. He spoke first, his voice softer in tone than before. \"Pardon me.\" The woman shook her head as her thick lips curled into a disarming smile. She held her hand up the same way Calvin had his up with the match and blew gently against her fingers. Confusion filled him until he felt the searing of the match's flame caress the tip of his thumb and index finger. He hissed out an obscenity and shook his hand, Calvin's frame dissolving into darkness. He dropped the match and stepped towards the woman on the bed. \"I apologize for the intrusion,\" he said, his body coming into view as he neared the candle's glow. She waved a lazy hand to dismiss the apology. \"I was under the impression that this was my bedroom, you see.\" Standing above the candle, the light caught on his cheekbones and cast a shadow that left his eyes as two black hollows in his face. He appeared as a sinister figure before her, the malevolence in his face equal parts arousing and disheartening. The woman shifted on the bed so that she lay on her side, her elbow on her pillow and her cheek in the palm of her hand. \"In the instance that it is I who is the intruder in this room,\" she said, the flame of the candle dancing to the movement of her breath. \"Would I be expected to remove myself?\" \"Well,\" Calvin's hands landed on his chest, his thumbs hooking into the armholes of his waistcoat, \"that depends on you feel.\" \"How I feel?\" \"About sharing your bed with a strange man.\" She sat up now, interest colouring her features. With pursed lips, she continued. \"In the instance that it is you who is the intruder in this room.\" A smile appeared from under Calvin's moustache and the shadow that fell across his eyes deepened. \"Would you expect me to remove myself?\" \"Well,\" the woman mirrored Calvin's gesture of placing his hands at his chest on her own bosom. \"That depends on how you feel about sharing your bed with a strange woman.\" Hearing the words he had just uttered repeated back to him wrapped deliciously in a thick local accent made the skin around his collar tingle. He tilted his head sideways and moved his hands down his front to the belt of his trousers. \"A strange woman to me, you are not,\" he told her with a coy smile. She cocked her dark brow. \"Josephine,\" he bent over to offer his hand to her. \"You were mentioned during the dinner service by your friend Maxine.\" Josephine raised her hand for Calvin to take. He brought her fingers to his lips but frowned when she withdrew and left him kissing his own hand. He looked at her, embarrassment knocking the smile from his face. \"You are still a stranger to me.\" \"I go by the name of Calvin J. Candie,\" he stood up straight, his voice plump with dignity. \"But you may call me Calvin.\" Considering for a moment, she shook her head. \"Monsieur Candie.\" She lifted her hand back up for Calvin to take, which he did without a moment of thought. He looked at her with a new smile forming in the corners of his mouth as he held her fingers with vice-grip tightness. She was startled by his grip, her breath catching in her throat. Feeling the scratch of Calvin's moustache against her knuckles, her eyes darkened with devilish playfulness. She jerked her hand up, her fingers bumping his nose. \"Goodness gracious,\" Calvin hissed, each syllable filled with impatient annoyance. \"You are quite a character.\" Josephine withdrew her hand with the ease of receding tide and brought her fingers to her tongue. Calvin's eyes followed her hand to the candle where she extinguished its flame between pinched fingers. His muscles twitched when he felt her fingers slide between the buttons of his waistcoat to pull him down onto the bed.[Chapter 4] Calvin became aware of the morning when he felt the heat of the sun beating down on his face. His eyes fluttered as he raised his hand to shield the blinding light enough for him to see. He vocalized his disapproval as a grunt that melted into a groan when he noticed how sheer the curtains were. He rolled over abruptly, yanking the thin linen sheet that had gathered at his waist over his shoulders. Josephine stirred feeling Calvin beside her. The sudden absence of a cover across her nude frame left her shivering and very suddenly awake. \"Monsieur,\" she purred, voice raspy from sleep. She slid her hand up from his hip to his shoulders to grab a handful of the sheet. She pulled it from him just as brusquely as he had from her, the gesture eliciting another groan from Calvin. \"This is my bed, goddamnit,\" he mumbled, rolling onto his back. \"I will enjoy as much of the linens as I goddamn well please.\" \"That is where you are very mistaken,\" she warned. Her grip on the blanket remained tight as she covered herself. \"Madame Josephine,\" Calvin sat up finally. \"A good woman of the evening, as I suspect you are after last night's activities, leaves a man before the sun has blossomed in the morning sky.\" \"A woman of the evening?\" Josephine pulled herself into a sitting position to slink an arm around his bare shoulders. Calvin leaned against the touch as a flower would to the sun, but instead of warm fingers caressing the side of his neck, he felt the sharp edge of a small knife. \"Now, now,\" Calvin looked at her. \"Let's not do anything to spoil the morning.\" \"This would not spoil my morning,\" she said, pressing the blade harder against the bulging vein in Calvin's neck. \"The linens, perhaps, but not my morning.\" Calvin swallowed. The blue of his irises hardened black as his brows knitted together. His gaze flickered up and down Josephine's face excepting to see a flicker of playfulness, some indication that she was just flirting, but there was none to be found. Her eyes were bright and clear, like blazing emeralds framed between thick, black eyelashes darkened by the smudges of last night's makeup. He was bewitched for a moment until he felt Josephine slide the blade across his skin; not hard enough to cause damage, but with enough pressure to make Calvin sweat. His hand felt anxiously at his neck for the hot wetness of blood, but it remained dry. He looked at Josephine, clearing his throat. \"Get out of bed,\" she gestured towards the door with the knife she had just been holding against his neck. Calvin caught a glimpse of the dangerous object held tightly in her long fingers. A small knife, no larger than her hand, fingertip to wrist, with a pearl handle. He wondered what a woman like Josephine needed a knife like that for. She caught him staring and again gestured to the door. \"Please, go.\" \"I'd like to stay.\" \"I would like you to go,\" Josephine said firmly. \"Now.\" \"I'd like to stay,\" he repeated. Before she had the chance to raise her hand again, Calvin lunged over and seized her wrist to knock her hand against the headboard until she released the knife. The weapon bounced off her pillow and hit the floor with a thud after falling between between the headboard and the mattress. Calvin pressed her hand to the hard wood, his teeth gritting together loud enough for Josephine to hear. Nose to nose, Josephine felt the waves of heat radiating from Calvin's skin. His cheeks flared red, his brow slick with tiny beads of sweat. Shifting on the bed so that Josephine's waist was between his knees, Calvin brought his other hand up to her neck and pushed her against the headboard, the wind escaping her lungs in a gasp of surprise. \"I am not well acquainted with the culture of the French at this present moment,\" he snarled from behind clenched teeth. \"But please, Madame Josephine, explain to me what the significance of your li—\" Calvin yelped out when Josephine slammed her heel against the base of his spine. He crumbled atop her like a house of cards. Josephine rolled him off and leaned over him, a fistful of his thick hair clenched in her tight fist. She yanked his head up to bring his ear to her lips. \"Monsieur Candie,\" she murmured, voice as soft as a whisper. \"This is my house. You are a guest. Act accordingly.\"[Chapter 5] Geraldine's smile was the only one in the dining room during the breakfast service. Josephine sat at the head of the table underdressed in only a white slip and black smoking jacket, its lush collar pulled up high around her neck. Her hair, loose and tousled from sleep, had been tied in a round bun at the base of her head just above the collar's lip. She smoked a cigarette from a long, white bone cigarette holder as she sipped orange juice from a polished chalice. Calvin, equally underdressed in a black paisley dressing gown, sat directly across from Josephine. A hardboiled egg and a crust of double baked bread sat neatly arranged and untouched on a plate between Calvin's fists. Leonide and Maxine, sitting at the sides of the table, ate with their heads down, the only sound in the airy space coming from their silverware dragging against their plates. Josephine watched Calvin with great satisfaction. Every inhale of smoke was another gust of heat to the flame smouldering in her belly. Calvin's eyes were down, his handsome features tainted with a dark mixture of submissiveness and resentment. The fine beads of sweat gathered on his brow caught the bright sunlight like crystals on his skin. Josephine took immense pleasure in the wounded animal before her. \"These eggs are absolutely delicious,\" Leonide said, pinching his index finger and thumb together. He turned to Josephine. \"May I ask if you get them from your own chickens?\" \"Yes,\" Josephine gestured out the back door. \"We have a barn, we have many animals. Our chickens are especially precious.\" Calvin lifted his gaze to watch Josephine speak to Leonide. Her emerald eyes looked soft now, almost kind. He fixated on her mouth as she described the animals she had, his attention focused on the way her rouged lips wrapped around each accented word. Her sandy voice lowered as she leaned in to Leonide's bubble of space. Leonide seemed surprised at her sudden closeness but he too leaned towards her. Josephine tapped her cigarette twice, the bone holder producing two sharp clicks against the marble ashtray. Leonide's face blossomed as Josephine whispered to him. He pulled away from her to throw his head back in amusement, a thunderous laugh filling the air above his head. Josephine withdrew to her seat; her throne. Her eyes met Calvin's with beguiling intensity. He felt paralyzed by her as she brought her cigarette holder to her lips to draw in a slow inhale. His fingernails dug into his sweaty palms as she exhaled two columns of smoke from her nostrils. \"Would you be kind enough to share whatever gossip you're enjoying with the rest of the table?\" Calvin asked, raising his hand in invitation. Josephine shook her head. \"Well,\" Calvin dropped his hand to the table hard enough to make each plate, fork, and glass on its surface jump. Leonide shifted in his seat. \"Madame Josephine just told me about one of her horses.\" \"Horses?\" Calvin's brows raised. \"Yes,\" Leonide answered. \"She has a stable.\" \"Oh,\" his lips tightened into a bitter smile. \"How lovely.\" \"She offered to take us on a tour of her grounds after we finish this divine breakfast.\" \"I was presented with no such invitation.\" Josephine gestured to Geraldine. The woman crossed the dining room and bent over so Josephine could whisper in her ear. Their closeness made Calvin's blood pressure rise; the sight was vulgar. Geraldine's round lips curled into a knowing smile. She nodded with a deep bow of her head before leaving the dining room. \"Have you excused your negress to fetch a horse?\" Calvin barked. \"Perhaps I should have sent her to bring me the whip I use to train my studs,\" she pursed her lips with dissatisfaction. \"I was unaware I had a bronco at my table.\" Calvin's nostrils flared as his temples rippled with anger. The back of his neck felt hot and wet with embarrassment. He ripped the napkin from his lap and shot up from his seat. Josephine raised her hand to turn Calvin's attention to Geraldine as she walked up to Calvin holding a silver platter with a folded card sat atop a square cushion. \"What is this?\" Calvin demanded. \"For you, Mister Candie,\" Geraldine answered. Calvin plucked the card off the cushion and opened it, eyes scanning over the fine black script. \"An invitation to see the grounds,\" he smiled sardonically. \"What do you know, a nigger who can write.\" He slammed the card down on the tray in place of flipping it out of Geraldine's hands. She bowed her head to him and backed out of the room. Josephine rested her cigarette holder against the side of the ashtray to fold her hands on the edge of the table. \"Do you accept my invitation?\" Calvin scoffed. \"Good,\" she said. Her green eyes flashed black as she rose from her seat. \"We will tour my grounds together. I will show you the stable where I keep my broncos, Monsieur Candie.\" ","Summary":" Calvin clutched his hand to his stomach as he watched the boat whose bow he stood so uneasily at be"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"A Recovered Journal","Author":"Wile E. Coyote","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12785241","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Charlotte Wilfred's Diary Our Awesome Life in Tokyo! Paws Off! … March 2nd Booyah! We've moved into our new home in Tokyo. All four of us. It was just supposed to be me, Eric, and Katie, but now we've added Katie's new boyfriend Taka to our ranks. Sure it means we'll have to pay a little more, but it'll be worth it. He's a really nice guy, and speaks fluent English. Besides, he got us the apartment in Kumagaya for two months while this place was sorted out. We got it really cheap. I mean cheap-cheap. I guess because its so out of the way, it wasn't considered a hot property. It admit, looking up at it from the outside is a little eerie, being in a back alley away from the city streets, but it is just heavenly inside. Big enough for us and Boomer. Boomer is Taka's dog. He is an Akita, a really popular breed around here. He doesn't seem to like the house much though. We had to drag him inside, and he's just always following us around. Like he is trying to protect us. Maybe there are rats. Sorry, sorry, since I plan on turning this into a blog at some point, I'd better give you the 411. I'm Charlotte Wilfred, but everyone calls me Charlie. Twenty-six years old, from Witchacombe, England. What am I doing in Japan? To be an English teacher for Japanese kids. Yeah, not exactly the most easiest job. Language barriers are definitely going to be a pain in the butt here and there, but I think it will be worth it. I speak Japanese, but have some learning to do. It's part of the challenge and adventure of being somewhere new. I've been friends and colleagues with Eric for over two years. We were both teachers at Rossmore School; he was a language teacher and I worked part-time in the library. But the pay was lousy and the school kept cutting its funding, not to mention its extracurricular classes – i.e., languages. Eric left two months before I did. After much deliberation and pointless job applications, we made the choice to move to Japan after hearing about the better opportunities in Tokyo to teach English. Apparently, a lot of people are doing this. Eric is a nice, funny guy. Wouldn't hurt a fly. He's like the big brother I never had. And he is really, really tall. These low beam doors might be a challenge for him. We met Katie online, wanting to do something similar to us but wanted to be a careworker. She already had the license or certificate or whatever to do it, but she wanted to look after people who didn't drool or come on to her. Japan seemed to make sense. Katie is…I'm not sure how to describe her in one word. An airhead? No, uh. Carefree. That sounds a little better. Hopefully she won't ever read this. Okay, Katie is very easy to get on with. A little shy around new people, but she becomes quite the bubbly girl. Something tells me she is trying to hide a former party animal, and she avoids drinking like the plague. And then there is Taka. I don't know much about him. His addition to the house kinda came about sporadically. But, like I said, he's nice and handy. I think he works out. Katie met him shortly after we arrived in Kumagaya, and he helped us get that apartment there. Nothing special and it had lousy wi-fi, but it was better than living in squalor. Katie seems to like him, so hopefully he won't turn out to be a jerk or anything. Anyway, I'm rambling on, so in future I'll try to keep these diary entries a little shorter. These pages only have so much room. I'll go a little more into what our home looks like and the surrounding area. I like it already. Everyone else is pretty cool about the house, though Eric is a little bummed he has to take his shoes off every time he comes in and out. I just hope all of this will work out for us. I still only know so much Japanese from the books and occasional anime, so I'm gonna feel like a right idiot if I can't understand what people at school are saying. I just wish Boomer would stop his barking at the ceiling. … March 5th Everyone's settling in without any problems, and we all agreed on who would which rooms. Katie and Taka wanted to share, but Eric and I acted as moral guardians and told them \"no\". Thankfully the house is big enough. On the ground floor, there is the foyer with the stairs right next to the doorway, the living room, the dining room, the kitchen, and the bathroom, and another room we haven't really decided on what to do with. There's a small table that you sit around on the floor. It's a Japanese thing. Luckily, a lot of the furniture was left over, though we might have to chuck half of it out. It smells funny. I tell a lie. They stink! Upstairs are two bedrooms and the shower room. Katie got the one nearest to the stairs, and it has a closet built in the wall that leads up to attic. I haven't been up there. The boys have agreed to share the larger room down the hall. They have enough in common to share one. The garden is quite large but it is just overgrown grass. Whoever owned the house before us clearly didn't care much for gardening. There's no garage or shed, so there isn't even a lawnmower. Another thing to add to the shopping list. Trying to talk to the neighbours is like talking to a brick wall. My Japanese is good enough to have proper chats, but they just want to avoid me and the others, like we a bad omen or something. Maybe they just don't like foreigners. The only one who actually talks to me is the old lady at the end of the street. Her name is Hana. She is kind in a grandmotherly kind of way, but seems sad all the time. She also keeps saying \"I am sorry.\" I don't know why. Maybe she is just a little lonely. Frankly, I feel really at home here. Dad is having a little trouble with me being so far from home, but he calls at least twice a day. It took him nearly three months to let me go. Maybe after a few weeks, I'll pitch the idea of letting him come and visit. Within forty-eight hours I'll be attending school for the first time, where I'll have to do a presentation to my future class and fellow teachers, and then to the board of education. In Japanese. It's good I can memorise things, but it is still going to be a pain in the ass. … March 7th I managed to ace the presentations and got a very formal applause from the teachers. I have no idea how I pulled it off. I barely slept well over the past couple of nights, so no entry for yesterday. Boomer barks enough in the day, but now that the neighbourhood has started to reveal it has cats, he is barking constantly. Eric and Taka better train him, or I will. School is going to take up a lot of my time, so Katie will be in charge of sorting out stuff with the house. She is still looking for a place to work, but she is struggling to adapt to Tokyo life. She comes from London, so you'd think she was use to the big city. Then again, Tokyo is a big, noisy, and very busy place. Going on the trains are a nightmare. I don't really want to go into much detail about my role as a teacher. I won't have enough time anyway, since with every job comes mountains of paperwork and work to mark. But it will be worth it in the end. My class seem nice and they are a lot more disciplined and respectful then the kids back home. No phones out at all. … March 8th A week has gone by and the house hasn't collapsed. We're still here. I think it will be smooth sailing from now on. Eric has settled in to his own job at another school, Taka has become a part-time courier, and Katie may have finally made contact with a social caring agency. I am definitely going to enjoy working myself. Everything is hunky-dory. … March 9th Nice work, Boomer. Now a cat has started to meow constantly somewhere outside. I'll be awake all night listening to it. I've only be doing my job for a matter of days and already I'm up to my eyes in paperwork. Haven't these people ever heard of computer filing? I really, really don't need this sort of aggravation. ... March 11 th Well, today I found something a little bit disturbing. That cat started yowling again so as a joke, I sent Boomer out to shut it up. He immediately ran around to the side of the house and started whimpering. Me being me, I decided to go around and see what he was fussing about this time. Someone had made a little grave of sorts underneath the bathroom window. There is a horrible stench coming from whatever is buried under the rock mound left there, and someone, presumably a child, had written crude Japanese on the rock in pen. I think it says \"Mar\", but I'm not sure. I might ask Taka to have about it. Still, I'm guessing one of the former tenants owned a pet and it died. Even in Japan, their animals get buried with respect. Okay, we have pet cemeteries back home, but burying your pet in the grounds of your house seems more affectionate. Too bad about the smell. Hopefully it won't get into the bathroom. … March 12 th I didn't know there were any children on the street. Someone posted an unmarked envelope through the letter box. Katie found it first and giggled like a little girl. Inside the envelope was a drawing of the house with the four of us standing outside. There's also a little black cat on the roof. I don't know who sent it, but I'll keep an eye out for them, just in case they are the owner of the cat that keeps making a racket. It is weird, it keeps screeching in pain late in the afternoon. Almost always at the same time. 9:25-ish. Katie put the drawing up on the fridge. Eric hasn't really noticed. He's a bit out of it, staring off into space a lot recently. He must be having a harder time in school than I thought. … March 13 th Katie started her first gig as a careworker today. So happy for her. She's been fidgety and out of it since she came to Japan, but she's been getting better. Her Japanese has even improved too. Having three fluent speakers in the house can come in handy. Taka has started to work extra hours on his courier job, so we don't see him much in the day, and he may dash out in the night to do extra errants. But, Eric is still is a bit dopey. I caught him staring up at the closet that goes up to the attic. He didn't say much, just apologised, and went out for a walk. I want to talk to him and help him get out of this daze he is in. I think he's a little overwhelmed by the job and life. He definitely was a bit anxious about leaving England, since all of his family are there. I suppose if something happened, beyond our colleagues at school, and I guess Hana, we are alone in Japan. Then again, if I called Dad, he'd be on the first plane over to whisk me back home to the good old land of hope and glory. As for me, well, this diary is meant to be for my own thoughts. Yeah, school is a lot harder than I thought it would be. Speaking Japanese is easy now. It's the written part I find a pain in the ass. Kanji has two sets of things called phonetic scripts called hiragana and katakana, which have forty-six characters that are basically syllables. It's kind of complicated. And I am teaching a class full of teenagers, and the squeaky clean, respectful class I first met have begun to show a more rowdy side. You have the gossipy girls, the occasional argument between the boys, and we even have the standard delinquent, though he isn't really that bad. He just has a habit of arriving for class five minutes late. Something about the trains. Still, compared to classes I taught back home, these guys are angels. Complaining won't get me anywhere. I've just got to knuckle down and get on with it. Which I really should be doing right now. … March 15 th Urgh. What a day. Katie's first two days have been what she called a \"disaster\". Turns out she was assigned to care for a frail, slightly unhinged old man in his eighties in Odaiba. She said he was either oblivious to her, or he just ignored her for the first day, which she really didn't mind. But the second day, he freaked out when she touched him, and he went into some sort of fit, screaming at her until she had to summon his daughter. Naturally, the old man's daughter blamed Katie for something and sent her home for the day. Katie came home in tears, angry at herself and the old guy. I called her boss at work, who agreed to get her reassigned as soon as they do an investigation into what happened. Katie shut herself in her room for a couple of hours but came out, calm down but still upset. She swore that nothing had happened, and it is only when she touched the man that he started screaming and sobbing at her – calling her a \"bakemono\", which means \"monster\" in Japanese. Again, he is medically ill and possibly suffering from dementia or something along those lines. Katie didn't bring home the case file. I wanted to cheer her up, so I suggested we go on a bike ride through Tokyo and explore the city a bit. That brightened her up for a little while. But, Tokyo is a big place. A really big place. An endless maze of traffic, trains, pedestrians, suburban streets, and shrines. We got lost. I don't know how but we ended up cycling all the way to Odaiba, right to the neighbourhood where Katie's failed client lived. I think she did it deliberately, maybe in an attempt to usher an apology, but she didn't even go near the house when she pointed it out to me. It was pretty cool. Very large and grand, with curving tiled roofs and even a pair of guardian beasts outside. I didn't go and speak to anyone, since they wouldn't know who I was, but I managed to spot Katie's new friend perched on the porch of the back garden. He looked pretty calm, a complete one-eighty from what Katie had described. Maybe it was all a trick just so he didn't have to be cared for. Then, I stumbled and he noticed me. His frightened screams will keep up all night. What was he so afraid of? What have we done? Perhaps he is just really sensitive around other people or hates strangers. I sound like an amateur shrink going on like this. We were a bit shaken when we got home, but Eric was thankfully there to listen to our sob story. He has brightened up a bit and cooked us a tasty meal straight from home. Okay, I can admit I'm a little homesick. No one said this was going to be easy. … March 18 th Having a rough night. Thankfully not Boomer or that dumb cat. Both are quiet tonight. It was other noises. Someone moving about elsewhere in the house. Scratching noises in the wall and closet. There was nothing in there aside from the bugs. And Eric must have had a frog in his throat. He was making croaking noises like a whole swamp. Or maybe it was Taka. 2:38am: It isn't Eric, Taka, or Katie. It isn't Boomer either. The noises are coming from the ceiling. In the attic! I know only Eric and Katie have stuck their heads. What if there is a crazy homeless man living up there in secret? I've noticed certain things in the house have moved or disappeared. I notice these little things. When we're all out, what if he sneaks around and steals stuff. I don't want to go and check it out, but we have to. 3:18 False alarm. There was nothing up there. No creepy old hobos hiding in the rafters. Eric and i went up and had a look. Turned out, all of us were hearing the noises and make the unanimous choice to venture up into the unknown. I don't really do well in dark places. I got locked in the closet once at school. That was something I'd like to forget. It felt like there was someone in there with me. Watching me. I hated it. That's what it felt like in the attic. There was nothing in there, but there was just a horrible feeling that the four of us weren't alone. Whatever was making those noises, hopefully, has gone. … March 20 th Katie got a bit twitchy last night about the attic, but she'll be fine. Boomer has been awfully quiet these past couple of nights. That cat too. Maybe it finally cleared off. Our faithful dog is outside, so maybe he is protecting us from any of the monsters that wander the streets of Tokyo. … March 21 st Bollocks. Boomer has run off. He must have during the night, but you'd think we would have heard him. Dumb dog. Did something spook him? I can't lie that some things have been a little bit creepy since we moved here. He had to practically drag Boomer into the house. We're going to explore the neighbourhood and look for him. Katie already wants to report him to the police. Do they handle missing pets? He might just come back on his own. Dogs are pretty loyal. There's a statue of a dog named Hachiko built at Shibuya train station. His owner died, and the dog just waited for him to come home day after day. Now that is dedication. I wonder if Boomer has any similar sense of devotion. 18.17pm: Didn't find Boomer. In truth, we didn't really go far from the house. Only around the more familiar areas that we had taken the dog for walks. The market, the park, the playground. Taka was asking anyone and everyone if they had seen Boomer around. Katie was pretty desperate to find him. I think she's still afraid of the attic. And Eric… he's being weird again. He occasionally called for Boomer during our search, but then fell silent again, not uttering a word. Last time I checked, he's been in his room with the door closed. No one has checked on him. The weird thing is that disappearances seem pretty common around here. On every notice board around there was at least one or two posters for missing people. It's disturbing. Maybe we should have researched the neighbourhood a little more before we moved here… 10.32pm: I think there is something wrong with Eric. He has been in his room since we came back, and I'm worried. I heard him talking to someone. A one-sided conversation. I couldn't make out his mutterings behind the closed door, but it sounded like he was insulting a woman. I know he has been having a hard time adjusting. Things are different here from England. Back home, he was more relaxed as a teacher. But, here, the expectations of success in school is surprisingly high. Most of my students spend their time studying during lunch, and I rarely hear them discussing going out for things that don't involve homework. I know some go to cram school. When you live in Japan, you start to see the kinks in society. Perhaps Eric is having a harder time adjusting then I thought. 4.05am: Writing in short hand. Too tired. Taka sleeping on a futon downstairs. Eric wouldn't let him in the bedroom. Weird. Going to look for Boomer tomorrow morning. May put up posters for a reward. Katie's idea. Went to listen outside Eric's door again. He is still talking to himself. Not too loudly, so we can sleep. But who is Kayako? Someone at school? A girlfriend? … March 22 nd Eric has been busy today. He must have left super early this morning. He must've gone to school, since his uniform was missing. What is with him? I'd tell him to go to get some help, but I'm worried he might lash out. He isn't a friendly sight when he is angry. I've seen him beat a man to a pulp, but he was drunk at the time. Definitely not drunk at the moment. We went looking for Boomer this afternoon, but no luck today. We tried putting up posters, but met a cop who didn't seem thrilled with us doing so. Maybe he was just fed up of seeing so many missing posters around. With Eric out, it was a good time to see what he had been up to. We didn't find much. Scratches in the floor, the room a mess. There was also an old rotting journal. The name on it, get this, was \"Kayako Saeki\". I have no idea who it belongs too, but judging by briefly flicking through the pages, it was written by someone with either a lot of time on their hands, or was mentally disturbed. Even stranger was what Eric had done to the closet in our room. It was covered in duct tape. Not even Taka could get it open. How did he do it when we were sleeping in the same room? We'll have to use the box cutters on that thing to get it loose. Not that Katie seems to have any objections to it. She really doesn't like the attic. And in truth, I don't either. It's old and spooky. I keep expecting to find a corpse in it. Hopefully, when Eric comes home (if he does), he'll be a little more normal. … March 25 th So, I had written entries for the 23 rd and 24 th , but someone has ripped them out of my diary and I can't find them. I'm starting to feel a little uncomfortable in my own home. Everyone is really on edge and acting weird. I'm feeling a little scared. A lot has happened in the past two days, most of which I wrote down in my missing diary entries. I'm thinking Eric took them. He's been going through some severe mood swings. One minute he is acting like normal, and the next, he is back to brooding and muttering to himself. Maybe he is having a midlife crisis or something. I suggested he call his parents, but he refused to, not wanting them to hear him sounding distressed. Luckily, he hasn't been hiding in his room threatening and insulting anyone. I made inquiries at the school he works at for any strange behaviour. Turns out he acts completely normal there. Though, one colleague stated he seems a lot more distrusting and on edge around the women. I decided not to ask him about the journal we found. I've read through it from front to back. It was quite disturbing to read. This Kayako was a deeply troubled woman. She lived here years ago back in the 90s. She was married and had a son named Toshio. Most of the pages are dedicated to unhappy she was, but she never mentions her husband being abusive or cruel. Instead, her entire focus was on someone called \"Kobayashi\". Judging by the comments and her utter obsession with the guy, they went to school or college together, and he was Toshio's teacher. She wasn't just nuts about him, she was consumed by him. She talked about how she stalked him everywhere. At home, at the supermarkets, even when he went on holiday with his wife. The journal just gets freakier and freakier with each new page. One section is dedicated to how Kayako imagined \"getting rid\" of Kobayashi's wife. I'm not even going to describe some of the stuff I could understand. Her neat and tidy writing dissolved into hasty, angry scribbles. The rest just consists of sketches of eyes. Countless, angry eyes. Someone must've stabbed through the pages, as a few were damaged towards the back. Reading this thing once was enough for me, so I put it back where I found it. Eric doesn't appear to have noticed. Katie has made some revelations. It turns out she duct taped up the closet, which we've started trying to free, since the box cutters conveniently disappeared. Normal scissors aren't much help. Katie broke down into hysterics when she confessed, like she had committed murder or something. She pleaded with us to keep the closet taped up. Whatever was making those noises up there clearly left an impact on her. But, it turns out she has another reason for her state. Remember the old man she was caring for and called her a monster? He's dead. Heart attack or something. Katie said she heard it reported on the radio. He was a retired police officer or something along those lines. Even weirder, his daughter has disappeared. Vanished without a trace. Just another poster to be put up. Katie thinks it is her fault. I doubt that. Now, she is the one hiding herself in her room, mostly in tears, and doesn't care about the closet, taped up or not. Taka is trying to be supportive, but I think his relationship with Katie won't last for much longer. He keeps going out to look for Boomer, but the dog hasn't turned up. I wonder where he has gone. I miss him. Everyone is just falling apart here. All of this stress is getting to me too. I'm finding hard to sleep, and I've nearly been late for work. People are starting to notice. I keep hearing noises behind the walls, or maybe in them. Nothing from the attic or closet though. I haven't called Dad in a while. Maybe he can cheer me up. It's times like these that I could use his company. I know he'd power swim his way over here if he could. I'm pretty lucky having a dad like him. Not everyone is. Katie only has her mum. She mentioned that her dad left when she was a baby, and she hasn't spoken to him much. And Taka…it is weird how we've been living together for almost a month, and I still barely know anything about him. If he and Katie split up, will he go back to Kumagaya? What about Boomer? In all honesty, I feel a bit alone. Eric is lost, Katie is falling apart, and Taka probably won't be around for much longer if things keep going as they are. It's probably best to focus on my work and my students. Help them get through their exams and work. Teaching them another language isn't a walk in the park. I wonder if this is how Kayako felt. Alone in her life, and only had her journal to express herself. And now I am living in her house, writing my own diary. I wonder what happened to her. … March 26 th Where the hell did the cat come from? There is random black cat now living in the house, like it has always been here. Don't get me wrong, it is adorable, but it just walked into the living room like it owned the place. Took us all by surprise. Just sat there meowing. We don't have any cat food, so Katie just gave it fish, and then it wandered off. We found it sleeping in Katie's room, right under the closet door. I wonder if this was the pesky cat that kept me awake for nights on end. It can't be. It is too friendly. Katie is already making plans to adopt it. Eric and Taka aren't too thrilled. Eric doesn't really like cats, and Taka doesn't want to replace Boomer. It's only a matter of time before Katie names it, but at least it is making her happier. … March 27 th Finally got the closet door free, and the cat seems very interested in going up into it. Katie keeps dragging the cat away, taking it downstairs, but up it goes back to the closet. It keeps meowing up into the closet like something is going to come down. We might have to take another look in there. Maybe there is a family of stray cats up there. … March 28 th I found a scrunched up photograph in Eric's room. I think it is of Kayako and her family, but her face was cut out. Her husband looked nice enough, but something tells me he may have found his wife's journal, and went to work on this photo. Unfortunately, Eric caught me this time. I showed him the photo and he looked at it like he knew Kayako. Like he hated her. And in that moment, I think he hated me too. I don't understand. I beat a retreat before he did anything. Thankfully, he seems to have chilled out for now. He apologised and went out with Taka to look for Boomer again. We went down to the dog kennels just to see if he had been picked up, but he wasn't there either. 17:55pm: Went to work for a couple of hours to help certain students with revision. I got into a conversation with Miki. Nice girl. Bookwormish, but has a spark to her. Wears glasses that are about ten years out of date. Can be a real chatterbox when she wants to. I know I should probably refer to her by her last name only (it's Daidoji), but I don't have to follow all of Japan's customs. We talked about where I lived, but Miki was pretty shocked by the description. She said that our house is the stuff of legend apparently. She said…that people had disappeared in our house. People had died in it. I'm not sure how to feel about that. I didn't know how to react at school, so I changed the subject. Best to focus on her studies then worry about rumours. But, since we moved in, weird things have been going on. It could just be down to us just being uncomfortable living in a foreign country. It could certainly explain Eric's behaviour. But, still… I might go down to the library and do some research on this house and find out just what is going on here. I'll sleep on it for now. … March 29 th Now I know why we got this house so cheap. We are living in a house of horrors! I deluded myself into spending about five hours at the library researching the history of the house. I wish I hadn't. Everyone who has lived here has either died or disappeared. The last family were here ten years ago and they all died. The ones before that…the wife bludgeoned her husband to death and disappeared. The ones before that were either murdered or vanished. And Kayako…I guess her husband found her journal. He murdered her. Broke her neck. But, not just her. The reports said that the son, Toshio, was found dead, his body stashed in a closet. Kayako's was in the attic. Even the cat was killed. They found the husband down the street, dead. God. What happened to him? I think some things were left out of the papers though. One mentioned that another body was found in the house. Kobayashi. And another mentioned that a woman with the same last name had been brutally murdered in her apartment. His wife perhaps? Had he come to see Kayako about Toshio? Did he find the bodies? Everything is starting to make sense now, strangely enough. Why everyone was giving us funny looks. Why Hana keeps apologising. There is something just wrong about this place. Everyone who lives here dies or disappears. Will that happen to us!? I've got to tell the others. We should move somewhere else. There are probably other places we could live in Tokyo. It's a big city. The biggest in the world. How many people know about this? There's probably some shut-in conspiracy nut somewhere who joined the dots, and made the connection. One who no one will listen to. I could end up like that. But, should I tell them? Something is clearly happening to us. We are all changing whilst we live here. Eric's mood swings, Katie having a breakdown, Boomer disappearing. Taka seems to be the only one holding it together. Surprisingly. I'm going to call Dad. He can help us. He always knows what to do in a tight situation. But, he's not going to believe thi- The cat is staring at me… … March 30 th I don't know what to do. I told Taka. About what happened here. What happened to Kayako and the others. He took it calmly. A little shaken, but like me, he understood why we got the place so cheap. We agreed not the tell the others yet. It wasn't the time. It would be our little secret. I'm surprised. No, impressed, that no one has really figured this place out. I suspect everyone in the neighbourhood knows. They have to. It'd explain why they reacted when we moved in. Hana must know everything, but I'm not going to break down her door and interrogate her. I wouldn't do that. The police probably know as well. I couldn't reach Dad. Maybe there is something wrong with the connection. All I got were weird noises on the line. This horrible, long, croaking sound. Like someone was dying. Their last breath being drawn out. Like they couldn't breathe. Like… Like they had a broken neck. … March 31 st I think I am losing my mind Here. If things are actually happening like I think they are. Then we've got to get the hell out of here! The house knows. It knows that I know its secrets. Everything here is watching me. I can tell. That bloody cat knows. How? Because it is the goddamn cat that is buried out back! The cat that Katie has become super protective of is Toshio's cat. Seriously, what kind of name is Mar? Shut up, brain. Stop wandering. Gotta focus here. If something happens, then someone has to know what happened to me. What happened in this place. Truth is, I think everyone does know. They let us just waltz right into this nightmare and did nothing to stop us. Boomer was being smart. He knew there was something wrong here. Animals are smart. Smarter than we think. Now he's gone. I think he's dead, or was taken, or something. The same thing that probably took the others. What if all of those missing people are connected to the house? But, they couldn't have all lived here. There would be a record. A trace. Something! Maybe they didn't have to go in. Maybe it finds them. Whatever force lives here spreads. Like a plague. Why did that old man die? He was a retired cop. What if he had investigated the house? Come inside and was later murdered. But, he was retired. He was too old to be on the force. Had he gone in years ago? If that is the case, why did it take so long for him to die? Whatever is behind all this, must be able to spread and infect other places. It would explain why his daughter has disappeared. But, that would mean that anyone who comes into contact with that house may now be infected too. But, screw all of that. I'm not letting it get me or my friends. It won't get me! Won't get me! Won't get me! Won't get me! I'm going to tell Eric and Katie. Tonight. Then, we'll get the hell out of here. Go find somewhere else to stay. We have to. I don't want to feel like this anymore. We have to get out! … April 1 st You shouldn't have looked, Charlie. Why did you have to go looking around my stuff? Now we're all in trouble. … April 2 nd I'm alive. Somehow. I think I'm the only one left… Eric is still around, but he's dead too. It's not him. It can't be. Just someone else wearing his body like a suit. I told them about the house. About everything. I must have sounded insane. Then everything went to shit. Eric went ballistic. Throwing stuff around. Screaming and raving like a madman. Calling me and Katie sluts. He attacked us, but Taka managed to knock him out. For our own safety, we ended up tying him to a chair. Katie wanted to call the police. They can't help us. They'll die too. Even if they got us out of the house, they'd just come for us. Then, we heard Boomer. Barking upstairs. We were so confused. Taka ran upstairs to find him, while Katie and I stayed with Eric. Taka didn't come back down. We heard movements upstairs. Scratching and something moving across the floor. Then a thud. Boomer went quiet after that. Taka didn't answer our calls. Katie panicked and was up the stairs before I could stop her. I followed. She was in her room, staring up at into the closet. She said she could hear Taka calling her. I guess their relationship wasn't as dead as I though. Idiot. Don't say dead! She climbed up to look into the attic. I just realised she wasn't once hesitant or afraid to go up in there. She still loved Taka. Brave Katie. Good Katie. Then, she was gone too. It happened so goddamn fast. Dark hair just fell on her from the attic, then wrapped around her. Choking her. Then, it came for me. I was out the room when Katie was dragged up into the attic. To join Taka. And the rest of the dead. I don't how many hours have gone by since I started hiding. The clock has stopped at 16:04pm. I'm in the bathroom. I've locked the door and barricaded it with everything that isn't bolted to the floor. Not that a bin, a towel closet, and a chair will do much if Eric decides to break the door down. I can hear him wandering around like some crazed animal. He hasn't thought to look in here. If he can even can think. Whatever, or whoever is wearing his body, hasn't hollowed Eric out. He's gone. They all are! And I'm next. I could try running, unlock the door, and make a break for freedom. But, Eric might be waiting. I don't want to imagine what he might do to me, but I can't help it. The window is too small to crawl out of. Luckily, I've got water in here. Unless Eric turns off the supply. Food…well, I grabbed whatever was on the table before Eric woke up. A bag of crisps, and a box of cereal aren't going to be much. Their packaging is so noisy. Eric will find me. Or they will. Why haven't they come for me already? Why are they prolonging the agony? To make me squirm? Well, I've got news for you. You are not getting me. You're not getting me. You're not getting me! … April 3 rd Doesn't anything in this shithole not make noise!? I haven't slept. I can't eat. It is too dangerous to run the water, or flush the loo. It'll draw them in here like rats. Eric keeps going by the door. If he's doing his business, he must be doing it either upstairs or in some god forsaken corner in the house. If I make the wrong move, he's going to catch me. Rip apart the door like he is Jack Nicholson, and drag me off up to the attic to join Katie and Taka and Kayako. Word of us advice for anyone who decides to hide out in a bathroom: Bring a sleeping bag or something. Using towels, bed sheets, and flannels as a stand in for a decent mattress is a waste of time. I tried sleeping in the bath at first, but it was impossible. Everything makes noise. The taps dripped, even though I had tightened to the point my wrists hurt. The pipes clanked and groaned. It was like being in Ghostwatch. And, worst of all, I could hear them everywhere. That croaking death rattle. The cat meowing through the walls like it was possessed (it is!), and Boomer's disembodied voice barking through the floor and ceiling. He was scratching at the door, and whimpering, like he was pleading to get it in and rescue me. But, that dog is dead. Like Taka is dead, and Katie is dead, and Eric is dead, and I am dead. We're all dead. We were as soon as we set foot in the house. It occurred to me only now that the asshole who showed us around the house is likely dead too. Had he known? No, that wouldn't have made sense. He wouldn't have stepped in the house if he knew it was haunted or the home of a bunch of murders and disappearances. Why anyone hasn't burnt this place to the ground is beyond me. There's not much to do but wait and jot down my stupid thoughts in this stupid journal. I did pass a couple of hours by thinking about how my students would do in their exams, and what they might do in the future. Hopefully none of them enter this house, or go anywhere that has been infected by this…I don't know, plague, I guess. This virus of hate. Miki, Yuki, Hiroki, Ino, Tetsuya, Mikami, Aoi, Sora, Seto, Junichiro, Daisuke, Yumiko, Hana, Tasuka, Mimura, Nagisa, Kentaro, Okazaki, JB (he has a longer name, but he doesn't like it), Mashiro, Haruka, Yagami, Shino. I'll remember those names and faces. They'll stay safe in here with me. I hope they all do well in life. Japan can be pretty hard on failure. Maybe someone will come and search for me. Dad, wherever he is, might still turn up. I did send five-hundred or so messages, even if the calls didn't go through. He could be on a plane right now. But, what if he stepped foot into the house? He'd be doomed. They wouldn't be able to find him. What would my grandparents or family do if both me and Dad disappeared? It would drive them crazy. Never knowing what happened to us. Spending day after day wanting answers, but never getting them. I don't know what to do. Should I try to run. Where could I go? The police? Tell them that my friends and I live in a haunted house? Even if they knew about it, they wouldn't believe me. And they would all die too. I put the dots together. Investigated the cases here. Any cops, paramedics, firemen, or forensic specialists who came into the house were either dead or missing. Or at least the ones mentioned in newspapers. I could assume it was the same for them all. This place swallows up everything in it, and it never stops. It never will. I don't think it can. The rage and hatred that has consumed this place can't be satisfied. And she is at the centre of it all. The spider in the middle of the web, only the web is her hair, and she cocoons and devours her victims like flies. I don't know if she can help it or not. Maybe there's nothing left of her to tell right from wrong. She made her choices. Kayako did. She fell in love with Kobayashi-kun. She wanted to be with him. Share his life. Share his world. Own him. Possess him. I guess she ultimately did, since he was listed amongst the dead. And, Jesus, what happened to his wife, I can't even write down. No one deserved that sort of pain. That sort of death. It wasn't human. I feel sorry for Kobaya Eric. He didn't deserve whatever has happened to him. He was a good guy, a swell guy, and a great teacher. He hated it when mugs were unclean. He liked the old school smell of a chalkboard weirdly enough. He liked toast with jam on it. His favourite animal was the giraffe, his favourite song was some tune I've never heard of by The Beastie Boys, and he was a good friend and colleague. And above all, he would never hurt anyone, unless he was really, really, really drunk. And now I hear him, lurching around the house like a zombie. Occasionally groaning and speaking gibberish. It might actually be really slurred Japanese. Breathing like a maniac. He goes upstairs for hours on end. I can hear him doing something, but I know what. I'm not sure I want to. I have to help him. End him. End all of this. I know. We have canisters of petrol in the kitchen to help with the cars. All the petrol stations around here are crazily priced. Focus, here, stupid! Focus, focus! I can't help the others. They're already dead. I got lucky by hiding in here. There's nothing to live off of up there in the dark, unless Katie eats spiders or something. Maybe that bloody cat would make a good meal. Can you eat a ghost? What is it made out of? Ectoplasm? Tomorrow, I'll do it. I'll go out there and face those freaks. This place will go up like a bonfire. I could be the modern day Guy Fawkes. Burn this place to the ground and put these ghosts to rest. My Last Supper isn't all that spectacular. If I had bread, I could eat a crisp, Corn Flake sandwich. Haven't had one of those since I was a kid. Back home. Home. I want to go home. … April 4 th There's a common belief here in Japan. If a person dies in the grip of a powerful rage or sorrow, a curse is born in the place they died. It gathers and grows in that place of death. Anyone who steps foot in it, is basically buggered, and the curse will spread. This sounds like madness, but I guess it is. All of this madness. But it's happening. They're waiting for me. I feel it. They are watching me right now. They are everywhere. The eyes. In the water, in the taps, in the mirror, in the window. I've wasted enough time. Eric may sleep, since I haven't heard him in hours. I don't know what time it is anymore, apart from it being night. The clock is still 16:04pm. I don't have a watch. Or my phone. If I am going to do it, then I have to do it now. Best time to sneak around. I don't know much about Japanese architecture. That's not my area of expertise. But, if, perhaps, I set the upper floor on fire, it might crush everything underneath, or make the roof collapse. We'll have to see how it goes. A lighter is out of the question since none of my friends smoked. We have a fire lighter somewhere in the kitchen. Perfect. Maybe if this place burns down, this curse, or grudge, or whatever insanity it is, will go with it. I could go back home. To Dad and my family. I want to eat beans on toast again, or cold spaghetti. Go for a walk in the rain (and do an impression of Gene Kelly). Go stand on top of Blackpool Tower and watch the sunset. Hang out with my friends. Go fishing. No one in my family fishes or owns a boat, but I'd give it a go. I wanted to go to Snowdon and the Lake District. Maybe snorkelling. Actually teach students something relevant and in an environment where they can be comfortable in their own bodies. There's so much I want to do. Life is fleeting and quick. Death is inevitable, and we don't normally get to say when our time is up. Hopefully, this journal will survive, and you'll find in some corner of the rubble. Do want you want with it. Just let people know what happened to the people in this house. I tried, Dad. I love you. With any luck, I'll be able to write in it tomorrow. Right. This is it. No more delays. I've moved the stuff away from the door. That cupboard was noisy. Please don't wake Eric up. I'm not comfortable trying to fight someone his size. There was three of us last time. I don't think I would be able to get an edge on him. I don't remember that damp being there on the ceiling. Mayb ... April 5 th Kobayashi-kun… April 6 th Kobayashi-kun. Kobayashi-kun. Kobayashi-kun. April 7 th Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun Kobayashi-kun … Attached newspaper article translated from Japanese to English (date 11/04) \"Several bodies were recovered from a suburban house in Nerima in the early hours of the morning. Witnesses state they saw a small fire in the upper floor windows of the building, but firefighters were able to put the fire out. However, the police investigation has confirmed that the deaths of the four residence are suspected to be homicide. The bodies of delivery man Takashi Uemano and British social worker Katie Hawkins were found in the attic, showing signs of strangulation or suffocation. The third victim, Eric Cooper, a British teacher, was found in an upstairs bedroom, apparently having taken his own life via hanging. The fire is reported to have been started deliberately, petrol canisters found spilt in various rooms on the upper floor and staircase. The fourth resident, teacher Charlie Wilfred, has yet to be found, though suspicion has fallen on her and Eric Cooper in connection to starting the fire and the homicides. The police are referring to the incident as suspicious and bizarre. Traces of mutilated animals were also found on property, including body parts identified as that of a dog, within the bathroom. The house has remained intact and been restored after some minor renovation work, and placed back on the market. This incident is the latest in a long line of peculiar mysteries related to this property dating back to the 1990s. The authorities provided no comment on a possible connection. All recovered items owned by the deceased have been returned to their families. ... Disclaimer: The Grudge / Ju-On series was created by Takashi Shimizu. All rights belong to him. Feel free to leave a review/comment for this fanfic. ","Summary":" Charlotte Wilfred's Diary Our Awesome Life in Tokyo! Paws Off! … March 2nd Booyah! We've moved into"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"Awkward","Author":"Bloody Simpson Chibi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12684657","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Awkward Disclaimer: I do not own The Grudge \" Man. It's been a long day.\" The man had just gotten back home from work at the comic book store and he was extremely tired. Dressed in a grey T-shirt and sweatpants, he climbed into bed and soon fell asleep. \"Man, this new house I bought is really cozy. I'm glad I moved to Japan.\" He said right before he fell asleep. \"Little did he know that someone was watching him. From the shadows of the dark room, the vengeful onryo, Kayako Sakei emerged, her death rattle causing the man to squirm in his sleep. Kayako slowly climbed up onto the bed and slipped under the covers of the man who was completely unaware of the danger he was in. Kayako emitted her infamous croaking sound as she prepared to break every bone in the man's body. \"Ummm.\" The man groaned, beginning to wake up but not quite there. Kayako did not care and continued to croak. She was on top of the man, ready to deliver the killing blow. \"Umm...b...b..\" In his sleep, the man began to mumble what sound like words. Curious, Kayako put her ear closer to his mouth. \"b...bo...Boobies.\" Kayako didn't make a sound but her face changed into what you would consider a WTF face. \"Boobies...on my chest.\" Kayako looked down and realized that the man was right, her breast were pressed up against the man. If she still had blood coursing through her veins, he would be blushing profusely right now. \"So...soft...must...squeeze..\" The man reached for Kayako's breast. Panicked, Kayako jumped off the bed and crawled back into the shadows. \"So...soft.\" ... \"Dude I had the most awesome dream last night! I dreamed that some ghost chick crawled on top of me while I was in bed and let me touch her breast. It was awesome!\" The man said. \"That's real great buddy Can I just get my issue of Guro Girl now?\" The annoyed customer, who did nothing to provoke the man into talking about his dream, asked. \"Oh sure.\" The man gave the customer the latest issue of Guro Girl and watched as he left. \"Man, I can't help but wonder if I'll have that dream again.\" The man thought out loud. ... \"Mommy? Are you still ashamed about that man and your chest?\" Toshio asked. \"What makes you say that?\" Kayako said as she continued to wrap bandages around her breast.\" The End ","Summary":" Awkward Disclaimer: I do not own The Grudge \" Man. It's been a long day.\" The man had just gotten"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"The Grudge Untold Story","Author":"Arche Atomic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7369371","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Untold Horror Story Karen Davis was at the front of the Saeki house feeling whispers in the air telling her not to enter,as Karen took one stepped the whispers got louder begging her not to enter. She took another look at her card. The house was the right address and had the williams name on it. \"Excuse me excuse Miss is this the is the Tokunaga address\" \"No this is the williams address\" \"Hi i'm Rika Nishina and I am here to take care of hold on\" Then the everything changed on Rika's cared it now says the williams address and she is here to help a woman name Emma the mother of Matthew Williams. \"Thats weird that,i could have sworn it said the Tokunaga's address\" \"sorry this is the Williams address\" Karen responed. \"yes I think I have to help the Williams today,but do you live here\" Rika replied \"thats weird I have to help the same family to,can I take a look at your cared\". Rika walks towards Karen giving her the cared Karen. Suddenly Rika hears whispers telling her not to enter the house but the whispers faded away in the creepy winds almost look like the winds were coming from the house. \"i guest we have to work together,wierd they would assign us to the same house why\" \"well then i'm Karen Davis its to meet you\" \"i'm Rika Nishina guest will be working together today\" As both girls greeted each other they started to walk towards the house. Karen is the first one to enter the house with Rika following behind,Karen spots a hand on a glass door she runs to the glass door with Rika following behind. \"oh my god\" Rika said It was Miss Emma the mother of Williams couple. Later Karen is in the back yard washing Emma down while Rika is picking up trash around the house soon Rika goes to help Karen to prepare bed for Emma. Both girls start to pick the rest of the trash around the house. Karen heads up stairs with a vacuum cleaner as Rika follows behind a broom and dust pan. Than both of the women heard a noise from one of the rooms. Karen goes in the room seeing that a closet has tape on it Rika watches as Karen is ripping all the tape off the closet then Karen backs away and Rika opens the closet door seeing a boy looking back at them in horror. Then a cat jumps out with a horror meow sound making both Karen and Rika fall to the ground in fear. ","Summary":" Untold Horror Story Karen Davis was at the front of the Saeki house feeling whispers in the air tel"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"Saeki house's new ghost","Author":"Frost-Fire146","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10658977","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My family and I walked into the old, Japanese house that looked like it hadn't been repaired in years. My mom squealed in delight as she walked inside to find the small and slightly dirty house. I walked upstairs and went into what I assumed was a storage room. I heard the door shut behind me. I turned round and went to the door and jiggled the doorknob. \"Locked,\" I hissed under my breath. I heard a long croaking sound behind me. I slowly turned around and stared into the face of a pale, black haired woman with bloodshot eyes and blood dripping out of her mouth. Her neck was also at an odd angle. Almost as if it had been snapped back. I fell down and scooted over to the wall. She crawled agonizingly slow over to me and crawled over my body and got nearly an inch way from my face. I know it's not much but I'm hoping it'll turn out to be a great story. Frost-Fire ","Summary":" My family and I walked into the old, Japanese house that looked like it hadn't been repaired in yea"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"Loving Embrace","Author":"Sakuya-han","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8908751","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N : Kon'nichiwa, my dear reader ! Here I come with my little drabble for Ju-On :b Totally un-beta'd, feel free to alert me to any mistakes you may find ! I don't own anything related to Ju-On. Except for my movie collection. But I want my own Toshio :') ...::: Loving Embrace :::... She looked back up at the house again. Her eyes stung with unshed tears. The woman sighed, pulling her long hair out of her face. Walking down along the fence, she noticed the once bright paint was peeling off. Looking through the overgrown garden at the house, the windows dark against the pale facade, the young woman faltered in her step, thinking that perhaps she saw a hint of a movement in the window once belonging to someone very dear to her. The quiet words were blown away by the wind, whispering through the narrow backstreet in the silent neighborhood. „I came back... As I have promised to you so long ago, Shio-kun.\" „Hikari..! Stop!\" The girl turned around, laughing as she saw the young boy running after her through the dense foliage. She looked ahead of her once again, screaming over her shoulder. „I told you you'll have to catch me!\" The boy ran with a newfound enthusiasm, slowly catching up with his friend. When he finally reached her, his hands went up around her tiny waist, both of them tumbling to the ground. They laughed as they rolled down the hill, with him landing up on top of the girl. „Gotcha!\" he squealed in her face happily, catching both her wrists as she struggled to push him off of her. Hikari looked in his eyes, twinkling with mirth. She was dying inside at the news she had to tell him. She hated the fact that she is going to ruin his happiness, and the anguish filled tears finally found their way to her eyes. The boy's expression fell, watching the tears rolling down her face, dropping into her shiny black hair. „Did I hurt you? I'm so sorry..! Hikari-chan, I'm sorry!\" he babbled quickly, confused expression gracing his round face. Releasing her wrists and getting up he tried to help her to her feet. She remained sitting, forcing her mighty sobs to subside without much success. The girl waved her hand at him, trying to tell him he didn't hurt her in any way, but she couldn't get any words through her hiccups. He sat on the ground next to her, engulfing her in his embrace. Burying his face in her hair, he tried to ease her obvious sadness at least. When her sobbing started fading away, she looked with her tear filled eyes up into the face of her best friend. „Toshio-kun..\" she whispered brokenly. „My parents are moving to Europe in two months..\" Fresh tears spilled from her eyes and she clutched tightly on her friends body. He stared at the top of her head, trying to figure out what exactly happened. His right hand started wading through her hair soothingly. „But.. But you'll return, ne?\" Toshio asked quietly. „You will come back home.. To bring light into my life again..?\" Hikari raised her head slowly, her entire body trembling. „I don't know. I really don't know.\" The boy's dark irises widened and he felt his own tears stinging his eyes. He let them fall, knowing his best friend won't be comming back to him any time soon. „But I will come back to you, Shio-kun.. I promise.\" Hikari shook her head vigorously. She couldn't help herself with remembering the happy past. The past which suddenly hurt so much. When she came back to Japan, back to Nerima, she found out from the neighbors the sad story of her childhood friend. She remembered the times when Kayako watched both of them playing in the garden with smile upon her kind features, almost forcing them to stop in their games to eat lunch. When she hid herself in the tree and watched Toshio running around screaming her name at the top of his lungs, just to be scared to death when she jumped down from her hiding place. When they were playing with Mar, Toshio's black pet cat. The young woman stopped in her tracks in front of the gate, letting herself in with the familiar creaking sound. Walking around the house, she found herself in the places where she was happy once, sad eyes falling on the swing in the corner of lush filled garden. She stepped onto tiny porch in back garden, sitting down overseeing the entire garden from the spot Kayako often sat at, watching the playing children. Hikari caressed the bouquet of meadow flowers she brought with her, laying them down on the porch. Taking her bag, she pulled of her most prized memory, the stuffed bear she got from Toshio just before she left Japan. Looking at the toy in her hands, she felt her tears finally spill out and trail salty paths down her cheeks. „I came back, Shio-kun..\" Hikari whispered tearfully. „I came back to you, and you are not here.\" She heard of the curse. Of course she did, she asked the neighbors about Toshio and his parents whereabouts. They were afraid of the house. When they found out who she was, that she intended to go there, they tried to discourage her, saying she will die if she ever tried to get to the house again. Naturally, Hikari assured them she won't go to the house of Saeki family. But somehow, she found out she couldn't heed to that promise. Because she gave her promise to another person, to the boy whom she loved with all her heart, even after all these years she spent away from him. „Shio-kun..\" she spoke again. „I never really told you how much I loved you back then, did I?\" She felt as if she could die just from her broken heart right there on the porch. Sudden rage filled her body. „I told you I will come back to you!\" Hikari screamed to the cooling air of September afternoon. „I promised! And I did keep my promise, just to find you dead!\" Her hands curling to tight fists, she started pounding the surface of the porch. Her body gave way, and she felt herself falling face first on the hard planks under her. Hikari continued beating her anguish away with her fists, finally submitting to a crying heap, just laying there, sobbing hysterically. If she was capable of feeling anything, she'd notice the figure of a little boy crouched over her shaking form. She'd feel his tiny hand stretching out to caress her hair. She'd hear his voice humming softly her favorite melody. She'd feel him laying next to her, embracing her weeping body. She'd see Mar purring softly at her feet. And she would definitely notice Kayako above them, with tiny, frightening smile gracing her nightmarish face. I love you too, Hikari-chan. You will be bringing light into my life... Forever. She never knew she had died that September afternoon, in the loving embrace of her lost best friend. 。エンド 。 So, what did you think ? Review below, let me know ! ^_^ Oh, a little clarification is in order.. 'Hikari' means 'Light'. I kinda thought that little pun was cute XD EviRuha (: ","Summary":" A/N : Kon'nichiwa, my dear reader ! Here I come with my little drabble for Ju-On :b Totally un-beta"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"The Holidays","Author":"Monkey and Cookee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7542764","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Monkey: Hello~ I'm back with another Grudge fic x3 This is actually dedicated to SoulReaper1172 who asked for a Toshio fic back over the summer... It's so late, I'm so sorry x.x But I finally wrote something n.n; Hope you like it! :) The holidays never brought a smile to Toshio's face. Trapped in a house of death, the love long gone. Snow fell gently outside, covering the city in an innocent white. Times like this reminded him of everything he'd lost, everything he'd never get the chance to have. Unblinking black eyes stared out a window, just watching the snow fall. He didn't see people walk by the house anymore; they knew it was cursed. He couldn't blame him. His cat sat beside him, tail slowly moving side to side. Toshio lazily glanced at it, remembering a time when they would chase each other and roll around together. Remembering when they had fun. Movement outside caught his attention. A teen girl was following a young boy, probably about eight years old. \"Tsuka! You know what mom told us about this house!\" the girl called out, keeping an eye on the boy at a distance from the house. \"I wanna leave a present!\" Tsuka replied, walking closer, stumbling a bit through the snow. Toshio watched in masked interest. The boy shook his black hair to rid himself of the accumulating snow. In his hands was a small box wrapped in dark blue paper with a bright red bow. \"Tsuka! Don't go so close!\" \"Hold on!\" He stopped just outside the gate. His dark eyes scanned the house for any sign of life, or maybe a person looking out a window. Toshio was sure he couldn't see him. Tsuka grinned before setting the box on the ground outside the gate. He cupped his hands around his mouth and yelled out, \"Happy holidays!\" The girl, who was probably his sister, stared in shock at Tsuka, her eyes wide in fear. She brought a hand up to her chest, waiting for something bad to happen. Nothing did. Tsuka seemed satisfied so he turned to her. \"I'm done! Let's go.\" She rushed to him and grabbed his hand to pull him away. Just before they turned the corner, Tsuka looked back and waved. Then he was out of sight. Toshio didn't move. It was a prank. It had to be. A total stranger doesn't give someone like him a present. He hadn't received a present in a long time, and people feared ghosts. The cat shifted and left the room, bored. Toshio waited. He waited for the boy to return and take back his gift. Night fell and the streetlights illuminated the snow covered city. It had stopped snowing hours ago, soon after the boy had left. He never came back. Toshio had enough of his curiosity and he left the house to go see the present. He ignored the fact that he could no longer feel the cold, that his breath would never show up in little puffs of smoke again. Reaching past the gate, he picked up the present. It was only a little bigger than his hand. Before he could think, he lightly rattled the box, wanting to figure out what was in there. Tentatively, he unwrapped it, trying not to destroy the wrapping paper. He didn't know why he was treating the gift so gently. Part of him still expected it to be a prank. He opened the box and saw a toy car was inside. He blinked, staring at it. He wasn't sure if he was happy, since the last time he felt that way was before death wormed its way into his home. The cat came out and meowed by his feet. Toshio lowered the box so his cat could peer inside. It pawed at the present. Toshio vaguely remembered playing with his cat and a few toy cars what seemed like a lifetime ago. He went inside, the cat following. Toshio placed the car on the ground, setting the box beside it. The holidays would never bring a smile to his face. But one kind act made these times a lot better. Monkey: So I don't know whether this fic is happy, sad, weird... I'll call it bittersweet n.n; Thank you for reading! :3 ","Summary":" Monkey: Hello~ I'm back with another Grudge fic x3 This is actually dedicated to SoulReaper1172 who"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"Kayako's Gift","Author":"Ana Blackwood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9679675","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The moment that dawn approaches, I start to feel the change. The despair, the fury, and the otherwise permanent and eternal anger had begun to fade, leaving more room in my thoughts for other things. My awareness of the attic had been getting steadily heightened. I could now look around at our new surroundings, examine each little intricate detail. This house wasn't ours intially, but we had taken it over. Some unfortunate Americans had been in our first house-the one where we had all died. Now, we were in the southern part of America in a very old plantation home. Everytime I hear about \"ghost stories\" by eavesdropping, I laugh inside. They think this place is haunted by former slaves, but they can't make an explanation for my presence. They can see by my features, however paled, however distorted, that I am of Asian blood. I still don't make sense to them. When I was killed, all sense was lost to me, too. I became the embodiment of the rage I felt towards my husband, Takeo. He was my first victim-after all, he broke my neck and drowned our son and pet cat. Of course I killed him. The others...well...I actually resisted for a while, but the instinct always won in the end. The black hunger that never seems to go away drives me to watch as the light in their eyes is extinguished. Except for this day. Today is my birthday. My skin remains pale, but not as chalky white as before. My eyes lose their dark rings and their blood-shot redness. No blood comes out of my mouth or eyes and I can even breathe without making that awful noise. Of course, I have no need to breathe-I only do so out of habit. Today, I am not The Grudge Spirit. I am simply me again. I still teleport about the house, upstairs and downstairs, just enjoying being able to be anywhere at a moment's notice. It's a very strange feeling to be solid, and yet as insubstantial as smoke. This house is so unlike our own-it's large and airy with a lot of windows and a lot of space. Toshio, my son, appears. He, too, looks less ghostly. Even Mar, our cat, looks to be in better shape. We soundlessly play hide-and-seek, all teleporting back and forth. After a while, he grows tired of the game and simply wants me to pick him up. I do, and I walk across the living room with my son in my arms. Bless his heart, he always hugs me, but this is the only day that I ever look and feel like my old self again: his mother instead of the monster. Walking towards the window, we settle onto the cushioned ledge there and look outside. The sky is blue with only a few clouds. The shadows trail across the very vividly green grass-it won't be long, however, until it yellows and dies for the winter. I notice the little girl that lives here and I watch her raise her head. Unlike the adults who chalk up the strange occurrences we cause, this little one has a sixth sense about when we're around. Toshio has begged me not to hurt her-she's the first friend he's had in a very long time. It's hard to restrain that emotion, but my love for him is the one thing stronger than all the other terrible things I usually feel. I've frightened her on accident several times, however, because of the dreaded croaking noise. Toshio has explained to her that I really can't help it and I try not to go around her too much. Today, however, her curiosity gets the better of her and she gets up from where she was playing and ventures closer. It isn't until now that I notice that Mar has escaped from Toshio's lap and is curving around her ankles. She shrieks a little, but cautiously stretches out a hand to pet him. He eyes her warily, but doesn't react otherwise. Soon, he realizes he enjoys the petting and flops over on his side. \"Where did you come from?\" The little girl's mother has appeared, probably from over in the garden. She follows the little girl's gaze up to me and her eyes get huge. All I do is smile-it's been probably a whole year since I've smiled. Maybe longer. This smile says that I won't bother her, at least not for now. I slowly disappear. While she bursts through the door trying to find me, I see Toshio outside with her daughter. The two are playing catch as if they've been brother and sister all their lives. Now is the time, I think. I hate doing this, as no one ever seems to get the hint that I'm trying to help them. I take my diary-as cursed and immortal as I am-and place it on the counter. I'm not counting on anyone to ever solve the mystery about how to contain the curse or make it stop. Even when I'm happy and able to resist killing someone, Takeo usually comes back and ruins it for me out of jealousy. I hate that man. I wonder how I was ever willing to marry him. If I'd have known then what I know now... Takeo will show up again. It's only a matter of time and he will kill them if I don't. I hastily scrawl a message in the back of the book, annoyed by how childlike my writing is. Some things never change. I only hope my English is good enough to be clear. Then, I head back upstairs for a while. Any minute, the frantic mother will discover the diary and probably start screaming. Sure enough, it doesn't take long. She goes to her daughter and demands to know what kind of trick this is. The daughter says, bewildered, that she didn't write it. Then, I can tell that she thinks of me because I hear her running around downstairs. Within minutes, the family is out the door. \"Not today,\" I say out loud in Japanese, \"these people will not die today.\" \"I can wait,\" a voice says from the darkness. Takeo, my former husband, now a yurei, emerges from the dark. \"No,\" I say firmly, \"this is my family. You can't have them.\" \"We'll see about that.\" He disappears just before I grab him. He's too scared to do anything to me, but he still forces Toshio to relive his own death just because he thinks it's a good way to keep me in line. I've proved him wrong and forced him to relive his own death in return for all the trouble he's caused. We have never stopped fighting, even in death. But no one will die, not today. For today, I've used what little hold I have on life so that I could help them live. I gave them a gift instead of them doing so for me. I hope they use it well. ","Summary":" The moment that dawn approaches, I start to feel the change. The despair, the fury, and the otherwi"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"How To BabySit Your Grudge","Author":"arcanicEmbers","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8202178","Passage":"[Chapter 1] How To Baby-sit Your Grudge A/N Here we go~ I finally finished the story I promised my hundredth reviewer, miss Hadies baby girl. I hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: I own nothing whatso ever. Heck, I don't even own the title, a friend made it up for me. Katherine Krueger massaged her temples as she finally stretched out on her bed. She had just finished moving into her new apartment, far away from Springwood and Elmstreet and that man. Even if they had blown him up, she still wasn't sure if he had really and truly died. It seemed likely that he would manage to somehow come back again. She wanted no part of that. The only problem she was having so far was work. She couldn't, for the life of her, find a job. Her resume didn't have much other then her job as a child psychologist. For whatever reason, not many businesses wanted to hire her with only that job. She'd have to get a job at a fast food restaurant or something at the rate she was being turned down. The woman covered her eyes, trying to just relax for one night before she had to jump into the stress of getting a new job. Stress was bad, stress was very bad. Especially when it made her start to. . . Was that a. . . Just what kind of noise was that? It sounded like a creaking, but it was more living, almost. More like a frog croaking, really. It was disturbing, yet somehow familiar. She removed her hands and screamed at the pale expressionless face that hovered about her. A hand quickly covered her mouth. The woman struggled, kicking against the spirit. No, if she got away from Freddy, she'd get away from this thing to! Damnit what was with everything trying to kill her. Then, just as fast as she had appeared, the Grudge was gone, on the foot of her bed, chattering at her. She felt something in her hand, and when the woman looked down she found a crumpled piece of paper. She looked up and then hesitantly unfolded it. I heard you needed a job Nightmare Kitty. What the hell was up with that nickname? Why was she being called that? Either way, she kept her mouth shut and kept reading. I have one for you, if you are interested . The woman was hesitant, to say the least. After all, it wasn't normal that normally bitchy and murderous spirits would offer people jobs. She hoped it wouldn't be murdering someone or something. \"What. . . What kind of job are we talking about?\" Okay, so she was desperate to not flip burgers, but if it was murder she was opting out. The Grudge made a sort of gurgling laughing sound and pointed off to the side. Katherine hesitantly followed the finger, and blinked when she saw a young boy there, the same skin tone and expression as the Grudge, though much less intimidating. Now, Katherine was smart, and it didn't take her long to figure out what the other woman wanted. \". . . A baby sitting job? That's it?\" When she got a jerky, almost spazzy nod, she let out a sigh of relief. Baby sitting was easy, after all. She could take care of the kid easy. She looked back up to the woman and smiled. \"I'm in. . . but how much do I get paid?\" She was answered with more croaking and another note. Katherine looked at the note and laughed a bit. Your expenses will be taken care of. All of them. Just keep him out of trouble. Well, that seemed easy. After all, he was just a kid, and she was a child psychologist? How hard could it be? If only she knew. Tip Number One: Grudges are very picky eaters. After the woman left, the boy immediately looked up at her with his wide eyes and placed his hands on his stomach. It was clear he was hungry, at least she thought so, but she didn't know what to feed him. She went to her fridge and rifled though it, jumping when she turned and he was seated at the table, staring at her. She sighed, though, and set the first thing down, some cookies. The boy sniffed at them, then shook his head. Katherine frowned a bit, but put them back. Okay, so he didn't like cookies. Maybe ramen? And so it went. She would set food in front of him and he would deny it. Some foods would appear in the garbage when she turned around, but others were just left there. It was fairly off, but she didn't question it. Her creations began to get more and more wild. Soon she was offering him ice, cereal, condiments by themselves, condiments on everything else, bones, even going so far as to set a few bowls of random toppings in front of him. He denied everything, and pretty soon her fridge was near empty, save for one thing. She pulled out the package of hamburgers she had been saving for dinner for herself and turned to him. \"Do you like burgers?\" She set them on the table and went to grab a pan, turning quickly as she heard a ripping sound. The burgers were gone, the mangled wrapping on the table, and blood around the boy's mouth. Well, okay then. She sighed and grabbed a paper towel, putting some water on it and walking over to him. \"Well, now I know what you eat. . . But what do you want to do now?\" She patted at the blood, rubbing it off after a few minutes. The boy yawned sleepily. Okay. . . Looked like it was nap time. Tip Number Two: Grudges need sleep. Only one thing gets them there. Okay, the boy was in the bed. Now why wouldn't he go to sleep? He seemed tired, but he was looking around restlessly for something. Maybe he needed a teddy bear? She dug through the boxes, trying to see if she could find anything that he might be able to use as a teddy bear. She was an adult, though, and didn't have anything stuffed. Her next search was for a small blanket. Maybe that would make him feel better about being there. She actually managed to find one, but he didn't seem to want it. He sorta threw it across the room, anyway, so she imagined that he didn't like it. She figured not anyway. At about that time she stopped focusing on the 'something to snuggle' and focused on something else. She found a book of fairy tales, but he threw that too. She was a bit weary about getting anything that could be broken near the kid, as he seemed to like throwing things across the room. Finally, she decided to go by an old saying her adoptive mother used to use. \"Music sooths the savage beast.\" So she figured she could at least try. It took her a few moments on youtube to find a playlist of soothing songs, and when she set it down near him and started to play them, he actually yawned again and curled up. Huh. She hadn't actually been expecting that to work. She decided to get a head start and finding things for play time. Tip Number Three: When weird shit happens, just ignore it. Katherine used the nap time to go sit down and try and figure out what the hell was going on. She was still recovering from figuring out more things then just her father actually existed, and she was baby sitting one of them. She spent a minute wondering if Freddy could somehow get into the Grudge kid's dreams when the light above her flickered. The woman looked up at it, then flinched and covered her head as the light bulb literally blew up above her. She shook the glass off, looking back up to the light socket. What the fuck? She shook her head a bit and stood up, walking over to flick the light switch off. She had no idea what the hell just happened, but she was pretty sure it was dangerous to leave the light on like that. She decided then that maybe it would be best to go check on the boy (she really needed to learn his name), when she felt something furry brush against her leg. She didn't have any pets, and the contact made her jump back with a small yelp. She looked down to see a cat. The creature looked at her for a moment, then darted off, vanishing. She looked, but she couldn't find it. And there was no way it could have gotten in her house. When she got upstairs, the boy was still sleeping, so she turned her laptop and opened a new tab, searching up his name. \"Toshio Saeki, huh? Alright then. . .\" She hoped that was the right one, and at least she'd have something to refer to him now. She glanced over at the boy, nearly jumping again when she realized he was sitting up and staring at her. \"Um. . . Hi there. So what do you want to do now?\" Which lead to. . . Tip Number Four: When in doubt, bubble wrap. As a fully grown woman with no children, Katherine didn't have toys children might like. She didn't have any actual toys at all, but she figured that play time came next, so she had to look around for something that she might be able to pass off as a toy. She was opening the boxes, digging around for anything at least somewhat distracting when she heard an odd sounds. It was a popping. She had no idea what he managed to find, and only hoped it wasn't a string of fire crackers Tracy might have given her as a going away present. What she found was much less sinister, though. Toshio was sitting on the floor, playing with bubble wrap. She couldn't believe she hadn't figure out that was all it was before. But, if that was all he was doing, then she guessed it would be okay if he played with it for a while. She sat nearby and watched to make sure he didn't eat it or anything. With her luck he'd stop being picky about what went in his mouth the second he got something inedible in his hands. Tip Numer Five: Avoid Water. At all costs. Katherine really hoped that the kid's mom would be there soon. Even keeping up with four of her charges in Springwood had been easier then making sure this kid was taken care for. At least she knew how to take care of human kids, she was still trying to figure out how to handle this one. It was very tiring. The woman reached into her fridge, pulling out a bottle of water. She was thirsty, and she hadn't really bought anything else. The woman opened the bottle and took a swig, walking out into the living room to check on the boy. He peered up as she walked in. Suddenly there was a sound like a cat dying and he was behind the couch, trembling. She gulped and dropped the bottle. Once it was out of site, he crawled out, then started to hiss at the puddle of water on the floor. Water. Bad idea. And so the day went. She learned new things about the boy, how to take care of him, how to keep him from getting hurt, how to be sure he didn't hurt someone else while she was watching him, et cetera. When it was time for him to go, she realized that, despite everything, it had actually been kind of fun to take care of him. She waved as his mom pulled him out, making her strange croaking noise. It wasn't until they were gone that she noticed the note on the floor. She quickly walked over and scooped it up. A fifty dollar bill fell out when she unfolded it, and she noted words on the inside. See you tomorrow. Oh, fuck. ","Summary":" How To Baby-sit Your Grudge A/N Here we go~ I finally finished the story I promised my hundredth re"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"Death's Grudge","Author":"OwenCrabtree","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11929710","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Death Grudge Everyone told me to not go back but I couldn't resist it was like darkness dru me in, it was like evil drooped from the walls in a black mess of destruction. I was visiting my uncle in Japan he was in the hospital due to the mystery that happened in his house. People said he crazy. He described a woman with long black hair and skin as pale as freshly fallen snow wearing a long white gown t her ankles. He said she was the reason for the deaths. When I got to the hospital the smell of all the chemicals instantly rushed through me. I went t the front desk and asked for my uncle's room. \"Hi. Can you please tell me which room Seth Moore is in? He's my uncle\" They looked at me with a face of confusion. After thinking and staring for quite a while I realized that I was in Japan. Now I knew what the problem was it just created more. \"Hello I'm Asuka. You're looking for Seth yes?\" I looked at her not knowing what she said because her accent was so strong. I slightly nodded my head and gave a little smile. \"Come with me\" She grabbed my wrist and took me down what looked like a never ending hall. We kept walking down the hall it was like she was rushing. She kept tugging on my arm each time I looked back. We turned quickly and she smacked the door open by barging in to it as if we were police raiding a house. She pulled me in and I looked up to her and smiled and said \"You know they made door handles for a reason right?\" She didn't look impressed by my comment. She just gave me the death stare while pointing behind me I turned with hesitation and fear. With my eyes wide open I saw my uncle lying on a hospital bed with wires everywhere. His eyes were wide open and looking to the roof. He looked as if the world just crumbled in front of him. I stood by his side repeatedly saying his name getting louder and louder to see if it would affect him. He didn't move at all. I took a deep breath and walked towards the door. Before I knew it he sprung up like a Jack in a box and stared right in to my eyes while crying. I went closer to him but again he didn't move. At this point I got very scared I kept my eyes wide open while walking backwards to the door then his arm flung from his side and he grabbed my wrist with great presser. My eyes widened like an owls. He started whispering words at first I couldn't hear. I repeatedly yelped down his ear \"What do you mean?\" he carried on crying and whispering until he screamed the words more clear than ever \" DONT'T GO IN\" I whimpered and tried to pull away from him but his grip was very tight. The doctors ran in like a hoard of bulls and pinned him down to the bed. With his last breath to me he screamed \"DON'T GO IN MY HOUSE!\" I walked out of the room backwards to make sure I was safe until the door slammed closed. I stood still for a while just staring at the door thinking what to do now. I slowly walked back up the hall towards the exit. I looked to the sky seeing the clouds move to the way of the wind. I was getting calmer until i seen a pure white face appear from nowhere in the windows reflection i turned around and no one was there. It was the next day. I got out of bed knowing what this day was going to do to me. I stood up wiping my face and looking at the rain crash down to the floor. I walked down stairs grabbed my coffee and got dressed. My day was set in stone I need to know why my uncle got so crazy over that house. How to find out better than to go there myself. It was only a house what can a roof and walls do to you to make you act that strange? Maybe his friend's deaths prevented him from seeing what's real in life but that just created more questions. Who killed them and why was my uncle the only one to live? I got to the house. It was very early in the morning so I wouldn't be distracted by the others around me. The house across from me lighted up like a Christmas tree. Someone was in the very top window. I could tell because the light shined through the gap of where the curtain was open. Where the person was looking through to see me. I stood there for a while keeping one eye on the window to see if they were looking at me or if I just happened to be in the place I was standing. I looked slight and then got the courage to fully turn my head to see who it was but when I turned the curtain shut and the light went off. It was obvious that they didn't want me to know who it was. I decided to ignore the person in the window and focus on why I was actually here. I opened the gate and as it creaked so did my eyes with fear. I slid through the gap of the gate and glared up and down the walls of the house. I can't explain the feeling greatly but it was like something called out to me from the house. The impression of great rage and revenge rushed through my body although I had no need to feel those emotions. I got angrier every second but with no reason to be. This was the moment I knew something was in that house with the ownership of great evil with in its soul. I opened the door slightly with one foot I and one foot out. The smell of musk hit me as the thought of murder flew through my brain. I took the breath of a lifetime and was about to full go in until \"Wait don't go in!\" It was Asuka running from the house from across the road. I didn't notice it was her at first until she got closer. As I looked at her running towards me something grabbed my wrist I looked to my wrist and seen pure white hand gripping it with immense perisher. My eyes again widened while black hair came through the door. With my other hand I slammed it against the door frame and turned around. Asuka opened the gate. I ran towards her but before I made it to her I flew back. The door shot open and my back slammed against the wall. As I fell to the floor smacking my face with blood splatter I looked up and seen the door shut close with aggressive force. While I tried to get up with one hand on my back I heard a movement from upstairs I looked to the top stair and seen black hair fall besides the post. I got so scared I fell t my knees and then the floor with the weakness in my back it made it feel like the end. Then the noise that can only be explained as a crackling breath bounced from wall to wall and pierced my ears as I seen her, the woman my uncle explained long black hair, pale white skin and the long white gown the only thing he didn't mention was the blood splatter all over her clothes. I tried my best to crawl over to the door but maybe this was my end. Was all of my hard work in school and work came to this? To Be Continued….. ","Summary":" Death Grudge Everyone told me to not go back but I couldn't resist it was like darkness dru me in, "},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"the girl with all the problems","Author":"foreverlivingmylife","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7373519","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The girl with all the problems walked down the road home, alone, her face etched in tears, people would stare but no one really cared, they new not of the pain she held so feircley inside, nor did they care, for why should they care, for they only point and laugh at her tears, while the girl walked solenmly home, but the girl cared not anymore for how they saw her, for she had suffered more pain than they ever could know, and so with her vision blurred she found her way up the stairs of her home, in the bathroom she looked upon her face the pain and sorrow was all she saw that could never be erased, and then with one more sad look at her face, the girl with all the problems said goodbye, for she no longer wanted to stay alive, for to have all the problems with no one to care, was not something she cared to bare. ","Summary":" The girl with all the problems walked down the road home, alone, her face etched in tears, people w"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"Once Upon A Time","Author":"SetoKaibaYami","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7547261","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Once upon a time, I lived in a house. Just an ordinary house, on an ordinary block, in an ordinary city. I had a mommy and a daddy and kitty. We were all very happy…Or at least I thought we were. Mommy was late. Daddy was angry. I was coloring. I guess Daddy had found something of Mommy's, and he wasn't happy about it. He was screaming and yelling and stomping all over the house. I wanted him to stop, so I showed him the picture I just finished. A blue flower with Mommy and Daddy standing next to it. \"Isn't it pretty, Daddy?\" I asked, a huge smile on my face. \"No, it's not! Shut up, you little shit!\" He yelled in my face. I started to cry, which only made Daddy's anger worse. But then Mommy got home! Things would get better, now! Once upon a time, things would have got better. Instead, they got worse. Daddy started hitting and yelling at Mommy. She was crying and trying to explain something, but Daddy wouldn't let her speak. The red hand print on Mommy's face made me mad at Daddy. I balled my hands up and started hitting his back, as hard as I could. He was so angry, I don't think he felt me. I ran and hid. Once upon a time, I didn't have to hide in the bathroom with Kitty. I thought, if I can't protect Mommy, I can protect Kitty. There was more screaming and crying, and then there was a loud crash and thud. The crying stopped. The screaming stopped. Was it safe to come out? I stood up from the small space between the toilet and the bathtub, and I crept over to the door. I opened it just a little to peek out. Daddy was there, covered in some red, sticky liquid. Once upon a time, Daddy wouldn't be hurting Kitty. Daddy filled the bathtub and was holding Kitty by the neck under the water. At first, I thought Daddy was giving Kitty a bath. Kitty needed a bath. But when he didn't stop holding Kitty under the water, I started crying again. \"Daddy! Stop it, Daddy! Kitty can't breathe! Stop it!\" I cried and started hitting Daddy again. He noticed this time. He threw Kitty against the wall and grabbed for my throat. His fingers hurt me, and I tried to cry out for Mommy or anybody that could help. \"Daddy! P-Please! Why~?\" His hand was so tight, it was hard to breathe. Daddy shoved my head under the water, just like he did with Kitty. \"Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! You're a little piece of shit, just like your mother!\" He kept yelling over and over. Once upon a time, I lived in an ordinary house, on an ordinary block, in an ordinary city. Now, I live in a cursed house. I don't know what happened to Daddy after he killed Mommy and Kitty and me. I just know that Mommy and Kitty and Me still live in the cursed house. It's fun though. No more Daddy yelling at us. People come into the house all the time, and Mommy says we have to punish them. I'm not sure why, but I like scaring the school girls. Mommy and Kitty and me lived happily ever after, after that. Oh hey look! My first ever story on here! And it's not even one of my main fandoms...My short little version of what happened to Toshio from his point of view. I wrote it being bored the other day. Took about 10 minutes. Tell me what you think, please? ","Summary":" Once upon a time, I lived in a house. Just an ordinary house, on an ordinary block, in an ordinary "},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"The Grudge: Exorcism","Author":"Jarl of the North","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8632982","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own the Grudge or anything to do with it. This has absolutely nothing to do with the Grudge movies besides the concept of an Onryo, as it is my own story. I backed up against the wall as the horrible mockery of my older sister released its grip on the bloody, mutilated corpse of the final member of the group of murderous criminals that had broken into what had once been my home, letting it fall to the ground with a wet splatter of dead, rotting flesh against wood, the strong stench of blood filling the air. Too afraid to make a noise, I felt my own breath stop in my throat and begin to choke me as the blood-soaked... thing turned its gaze on me, barely sparing a glance at the corpses strewn throughout the room, not even the one it so closely resembled before beginning its approach on me, the deathly pale skin that wasn't covered in blood and the long tangled hair that was darker than the starless sky outside catching the moonlight. The edges of its eyes were ringed with black, as if the thing were suffering from insomnia, and I found myself transfixed by its gaze; its eyes were like the pits of hell, the whites almost completely red and bloodshot, and there was no distinction between the pupil and iris. Its strides were long and slow, and it clearly towered over me in the likeness of my sister, Kelyn, who'd been over six feet tall to begin with. Its clothes were in filthy tatters, little more than strips of cloth stretched over a well-endowed body. Darkness approached from all sides, as if heeding some kind of call the mock-up that was slowly approaching me emitted, groveling before it like some kind of dog. Its breathing was harsh and ragged, as if its vocal cords had been torn out by a pit-bull and put back in place by an amateur surgeon, and its face was almost an exact copy of my sister's, somehow beautiful and somewhat calming in the moonlight in spite of the blood that dripped down its cheeks like tears, the only differences being the unnatural paleness of the skin, the blackness of the hair... and those eyes. Those horrible eyes... but even those were somewhat reminiscent of my sister, somehow, in some way... But this demon was not my sister. It couldn't be Kel. She... she wouldn't do something like this. She wouldn't! She could never bring herself to simply butcher someone like that! I didn't even think. I just scrambled to my feet and bolted, stumbling over my old man's corpse and knocking a picture to the floor, the glass shattering as the frame collided with the hardwood floorboards. I didn't give a damn. All that mattered was getting away from that monster. I ran through the unblemished halls, not bothering searching for the light; the power had been cut, meaning there was no hope of light, or for the police to show up, as I had no cellphone to call them with. I cursed my dad for not letting me have one, but immediately cringed with regret as the image of his corpse flooded my mind. The creak of footfalls on the wood snapped me out of my trance, and I forced myself not to look back. I kept going until I finally found the basement door, throwing it open and slamming it back shut behind me as I entered total darkness, putting the bolt lock in place, though I knew it was hopeless. The thing that was following me had lifted a fully grown man clear off the ground with no effort before it tore out his throat; there was no way that lock would hold. Hell, I doubted that it would even notice. But I hadn't come down here to hunker down and hope that it wouldn't find me. I'd come down here to find the cellar door, probably my only way out at this point; the other doors had been barricaded, and the windows were too high to jump without breaking something. And if I broke something, there was no way I could escape. I stumbled blindly down the stairs through the darkness, my heart threatening to break my ribs from the inside out, my breaths as harsh and ragged as that thing that had chased me down here, tears running down my face as I finally managed to choke out a sob. I'd lost everything tonight. My family, my life. Gone. All because some criminals decided that we were the next house to hit. And to make things worse, that cheap knock-off of my sister that had killed them was now after me. Life... what did I ever do to you? I shook my head hard, and rushed through the dark, scrambling along the wall and muttering every prayer I knew of between my barely audible sobs as I searched for the cellar door. The only sounds were the shuffling of my own feet on the carpet, the scraping of my hands as they caressed the walls, and my harsh breathing. But that soon changed when I clicked my tongue against the roof of my mouth in satisfaction when I finally gripped the handle of the cellar door, thrusting it open and running to the very back, the air growing colder as I approached my only hope of exit; the metal doors that led to the cellar from the outside. The ones that were currently chained shut. I froze as the memory of my dad sealing the doors shut returned to me the instant my hands came into contact with he cold metal handles, held together by the iron tethers that man had decided to call chains. I felt tears well up in my eyes again as hopelessness flooded me, making me fall to my knees as I released the handles, \"oh, no... no... oh, fucking God, no...\" I drove my fist into the cold concrete beneath me, \"NO!\" I took a deep breath, trying to force the cold solace of calm back into my veins as I felt my mind wander in thought. All I needed to do was find the key and make it back here, and I was home free. Easy enough- My fragile thoughts were broken by the unmistakable sound of a door swinging open, and heavy footsteps descending the staircase to the basement. My blood turned to ice as the sound continued, and I knew there was no way I'd find the key before that thing killed me. The only way I was getting out now was if I broke the chain. Cold jolted up my arm as my hands wrapped around the cold, smooth surface of the bottle, the closest thing I could get my hands on, as I brought it down on the chain with all my might. My hands jolted with pain as the glass bottle shattered, splattering its alcoholic contents all over the floor and doors, but not putting a single dent in the chain. I didn't even notice the fresh cuts in my hands as I grabbed something else, proceeding to smash every heavy object I got my hands on into the chain, but no matter what I did to the thing, it didn't even dent; and that thing was getting ever closer. As I finally hefted the heavy crowbar my dad had kept down here, the harsh breathing once again reached my ears again, and I froze. I felt myself begin to turn around, and I couldn't stop myself. There wasn't a single hope that I could have kept myself from looking. I stared as the silhouette of the monster that was the artist of the grisly spectacle upstairs stood in the open doorway, its ragged breathing seeming to be mere inches from my ears as it once again began its approach on me, the fingers of one hand flexing as if it were preparing to strangle me, the other clasped on some kind of object. Everything snapped back into focus as I drove the crowbar in my hands into the chain. Again and again metal collided against metal, but to no avail; the chain finally began to dent, but denting metal and breaking it are two different things. I stiffened in an instant of horrible realization as thin strands black as the darkness around me crept from the shadows, all together in a mass as thick and massive as a sheer ocean of pure black oil, and wrapped themselves around the handles of doors, binding them in place with even more strength than the chain before snaking out and wrapping themselves around the crowbar and gently tugged at it, trying to get it out of my grip. I practically threw the thing away as I grabbed onto the handles of the cellar doors, thrashing against them with all my might as each footfall of the creature behind me became like a drum beat, in perfect time with each of my heartbeats, a countdown of my final moments in this world. \"Let me out! Let me out, damn you!\" I shouted at the door, my hysteria making it seem like the gate was watching, laughing at my feeble attempt to escape my fate, \"let me out! I don't wanna die here! Please, God, don't leave me to die here!\" I glanced back at the nightmare that was now less than four feet away from me. My breath caught in my throat again as I released my grip on the doors and pressed my back up against them, trying to back away as far as I could from the monstrosity, sliding down the doors until I was sitting on the ground, the strands - the demon's hair, I finally realized - slipping across my torso, binding me there like a prisoner in chains, insanely gentle for what it was meant to do. And all the while, the thing kept just coming, towering over me even as it kneeled down to look me in the eyes, some of the blood on its body dripping onto my face. I began to tremble, tears making my vision blurry as the thing loomed over me, crouching ever closer, arms outstretched as if to wrap me in an embrace. I shut my eyes, letting out a low whimper as I tried to mentally prepare myself for death. I stiffened as the cold skin of the demon's arms wrapped around me, and gave a flinch as I prepared for the sensation of pain that would undoubtedly accompany my death. And that concludes my first chapter. I hope you enjoyed it, as there will be more to come. Please don't hate me for not including anything from the actual series in this. ","Summary":" I do not own the Grudge or anything to do with it. This has absolutely nothing to do with the Grudg"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"When will it end?","Author":"Tifalockheartw","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8573900","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello! So, I know I stated that my first story would be Devil May Cry, or something like that, but I decided to start a Grudge fan fiction instead. Please bear with me, this is my very first story. I do accept criticism, and reviews are highly appreciated. By the way, I might need an editor. -_-' Anyway, read and don't wet yourself please! That would be embarrassing. This is also somewhat of a \"reader\" experience fanfiction. OK, enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not on Kayako Saeki or any of the other characters. All rights remain with the Grudge's original creators. The world, being a solitary place before, had changed to drastic measures. No longer could people walk through dark hallways at night without getting terrified; no more could dark alleyways be a safe place for intimate teenagers. The entire meaning of ghosts had been redefined through one cruel murder. She was a sweet woman, long black hair reaching her small shoulders, and her eyes reflected a sweet, electric blue. Her name was Kayako Saeki, and she was the kindest, most committed housewife anyone has known. While staying in Tokyo, she had fallen in love with her son, Toshio's teacher, Mr. Peter Kirk. But, she made the most tragic mistake of writing about him in her diary. To her demise, her beloved husband found her loving notes on Mr. Kirk, and broke her spirit and neck for it. Overwhelmed in guilt, he drowned his young son and black cat, Mar, for his sins. He realized how critically awful his actions were, and ignorantly decided to hang himself. He brought so much grief to his family, and he died with the words,\"You will pay with other people's lives.\" still floating around his bloodied head. In fact, the house Kayako once took residency upon has now been cursed by her cold words. Anyone who had entered the house was forever a pawn of her deadly game. She would play with her new toy, and scare them so horribly to where they couldn't even sleep. Each person, male or female, each had said that she was a being worse than the Devil himself. Her main trait that had her as ghostly as she was, were her now bleeding, black eyes. The kind spark she once had,was replaced by a deep, malicious pool of blood lust. Her curse has forever lived on as a practical death wish for some, others, a relieving rescue. ","Summary":" Hello! So, I know I stated that my first story would be Devil May Cry, or something like that, but "},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"Of Blood And Friendship","Author":"Ronnie Ravenly","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7062815","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So this is my new story. It is from The Grudge. The story starts with Jake at the mental institution. The two main characters will be Jake and Rose. I was seeing The Grudge 3, and it started with me realizing that Jake and Rose were pretty much the same age. I started wondering what would of happened if the two of them were friends. Jake's point of view As Jake sat in the white little room he currently lived in he kept looking around. Dr. Sullivan did not believe him. She thought he was crazy, insane , like the rest of the patients here. That had been his last chance. Now he was doomed. She, the monster that murdered his family, would come back and murder him too. He would die; she would murder him, just like his family. This was probably his last hours to live. He was just a kid, and he had to face this. He had to face all of this. Dr. Sullivan had just left his room, and he had a feeling that something terrible would happen. He always had that feeling these days. He felt as if he could not sleep, could not eat, could not speak. He could not even breathe. This feeling, this premonition was suffocating him. Jake was sitting on the small and stiff couch that was supposedly his bed. He could not stop himself; he had to look around just to be sure that she was not there. Maybe he was lucky? Maybe he got to live another day? That was when he heard it. The sound. The freaking sound! Jakes head shot back and forth, trying to locate the source of the rattle-like sound. He knew. He was completely sure that she was there. The cracking sound had told him. The rattle. She had to be there. He was not lucky, after all. It was still his day to die. Jake panicked, and ran to the door. He started banging his fist desperately at it. His fist started hurting after the first time Jake slammed it at the door, and then it kept hurting more and more each time, but Jake did not stop. If he stopped, she would kill him. She would kill him . What did he do to deserve this? What deity or mighty of nature hated him this much? No. No, whatever she was, a force of nature was not it. She was unnatural and evil. Perhaps she was the Devil? He just needed to get out . Oh God, please , just let me get out of this alive. Suddenly Jake felt something grab him. There were two rope like forces, dragging him backwards. Arms. They had to be arms. Her. The arms were both violent and calm at the same time. Jake started feeling dizzy and sick. It seemed as though the two arms the held him in a crushing grip were taking his life force. He felt his body slump to the floor. He muttered out what he realized would probably be his last words. \"Please help me.\" The last, breathy word that left his lips were murmured softly, \" Rose .\" Then, he passed out, just barley seeing several nurses running through the pure white door. While being unconscious Jake relived some of his old memories. Most of them were of his family. But some of them was about him and his friends, him and Rose. Rose was the eight-year-old girl who lived in the same block as him. The few weeks he lived there, Rose was the only person he could rely on. He met her the second day he was living in the block. He had been so angry with Trish after an argument, and then Rose had come. His anger had instantly disappeared. She had looked so innocent. So sweet. He simply could not be angry when she was around. She deserved better. She deserved his undivided attention, at least. And, thinking about it, maybe that's when his world started to look better again. Jake had felt that he had a good friend; that supported him and helped him. He had a friend that truly cared for him. Shame it was such a short while he could live like that. Rose was the only friend he had in the area he lived in. He left Theo and Rockey where he lived earlier, before Trish and his dad forced him to move. It had not really mattered later, Rose had after all been a much better friend than both Theo and Rockey combined. Shaking. Everything was shaking. Jake kept his eyes firmly closed. He did not wish to wake up. If death was just reliving good memories repeatedly, then he would much rather prefer to stay dead. What if it was her ? Was the demon that had killed his family? \"Jake. Jake, wake up!\" Jake did not want to react. He wanted to be like this forever. However, the voice, it sounded so familiar. Jake let his eyes slowly slip open, still terrified of what he would see once his eyes focused. Yet he had to try. Once his vision was clear he stared in confusion at the doctor for a minute, before his comprehension caught up with the situation. \"Dr. Sullivan? Bu-but you left. You left me!\" Dr. Sullivan looked warmly at him. Her eyes showed a special kind of worry that Jake did not understand. Why would she be worried? She was used to crazy people with panic attacks. She was never sympathetic. \"How's your arm feeling?\" she asked. Jake looked down at his arm, before letting out an ear-pitching scream . His arm was twisted in an entirely unnatural way. He looked at it; eyes widening so much it was almost painful. His eyes refused to leave his arm, and his chest suddenly failed him, so he could not breathe. His eyes started to go unfocused again, and then the darkness took over once again. ","Summary":" A/N: So this is my new story. It is from The Grudge. The story starts with Jake at the mental insti"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"forbidden shadows","Author":"foreverlivingmylife","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7373536","Passage":"[Chapter 1] the screech you can hear, only in the dark, pierceing your ears, calling out, you may try to run, but you wont get far, cause once its already found you, its done, when its got you cornered, with nowhere to run, it will come up to you, a shadow of what once was, and when it grabs you, the last thing youll hear, is your own screams filling the air. ","Summary":" the screech you can hear, only in the dark, pierceing your ears, calling out, you may try to run, b"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"The Elevator","Author":"Marko'sPrincess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7257864","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Elevator Kayako was chasing some man through a building. As usual someone entered her home even though everyone knew is was cursed. She followed him through the building making her usual noise. She stopped suddenly. The man was running up a set of stairs. Stairs were her weakness. It took her forever to go up them. She looked around and saw a elevator. She went into the elevator and pushed the up button. It slowly made its way up, then it stopped. There was no ding that signaled that you were on a new floor. She pushed the up botton again. Nothing happened. She pressed it a few more times. Still no change. After a while her ghostly husband appeared. \"What?\" she asked him. \"What happened?\" he asked. \"I was chasing somone who entered our house until he ran up the stairs. I took the elevator up and got stuck,\" she said angrily. Her husband started laughing. \"What on earth is so funny?\" she asked. \"You do know you can teleport right?\" \"Crap! Well there goes four hours of my life I will never get back.\" \"Kayako. Your not alive.\" \"Shut up.\" The End ","Summary":" The Elevator Kayako was chasing some man through a building. As usual someone entered her home even"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"The Curse","Author":"MoonLunacy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7042827","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey, whats up I'm putting this story up I did this when we had art we were suppose to make a scary story to mix with haunted house we made and yeah. This is my own story, sorry no anime in this or other stuff my own. Enjoy. October, 30 th 1995- Tokyo, Japan, Asia- A woman and her twins were murdered in their house. Source their neighbour Lu-Lu Takahashi \"It was on 6:00 Yuki would prepare their dinner while her twins Rika and Mika would start practising their piano and violin, until I heard a violin crashed and a piano making a horrible noise followed by screaming then everything turned quite, I would always hear them playing till 8:00, they stopped at 7:00. Then a couple of minutes later I heard Yuki screaming, when Yuki stopped screaming I heard a person laughing like a psycho it sounded like it was coming out of the house so I rushed to the window to my surprise to was ... Rojero. He had a knife in his hand and patterns of blood on his shirt. Then he ran off.\" explained Luka. \" We found Rojero\" an officer said. -Few Hours Later- An officer came out of the office, \" Excuse me officer would you please tell us what was the reason why Rojero killed his family\" asked the reporter, \" Because he's crazy, he a workaholic father, when he comes home all he does is change up go to sleep then work again Rojero has about 2-3 working place, Rojero is a very greedy and selfish man, but he never told us why he killed his family\" explained the officer. After the officers were done questioning Rojero, he was sent to a Mental Hospital. While he was there he would say he would hear piano and violin playing or he would see twins in the corner of the room once he comes near they would turn there to face him, he describes them with long black hair, wide red eyes and blood running on the middle of there face once he gets too close they disappear with no trace of their existence no clue where they went or how they got out. It wasn't long till Rojero died, those who saw him die couldn't get in his cell it was locked by something strong that was blocking them from coming in. Once Rojero was out of breathe that's when the door loosened and opened by the way that thing killed Rojero it seems that it was enrage with him! As for the passing years where the Park lived before, was full of hauntings. People say paranormal things happens in the house like hearing violin and piano playing, crying of children or people would see figures on through the window at night sometimes day and on every October, 30 th , the same murder happens in the house and people knows that there's no one living there in that house anymore and when a person sell the house they would die in one week or less. October,29 th , 2010- Tokyo, Japan, Asia- For the pass three years Rose was very happy where she lived she liked the neighbourhood and liked her school pulse she had many friends thought she was every curious what her neighbours are like. She would hear violin and piano when she plays her harp or would hear crying and on October, 30 th she would hear screaming, but Rose thinks that they were just screaming because of maybe there excited of something. Rose really want to meet them. Rose wonders sometimes how come the children at her neighbours house never came to school she knows there last name, but when she looks for a student that has a last name 'Park' she can't find anyone and there's always a new student in her school. Though sometimes she thinks that they're in high school already, but when she thinks about the screaming and the crying they sound like kids her age and there aren't any school that is near than Fujii academy the other schools are like twenty-five blocks away. Rose seats at her desk thinking what would happen if she gets to know them.\"Hey Rose what are you thinking 'bout?\" said a person, but Rose didn't replied, \"Helloooo Rose woohoo\" said the person while waving her hand in front of her face. \" Ahh, what?, oh its just you Ruki, what happened?\"asked Rose \" Nothing yet, but you were in Lalala land\" replied Ruki. Ruki has a long and navy blue eyes and hair. \" Oh really I was just-\" Rose was cut off \" Don't tell me your just thinking what are your neighbours are like.\" exclaimed Ruki. \" Well I can't-\" Rose was again cut off. \" What cha guys talking about?\" another person said. \" Yo sup!\"another person said \" Oh, Hey Kai, Shigo what's up?\"greeted and asked Ruki, Kai has red eyes and has a weird birthmark on his back hand pluse some hair in front of his face he was considered to be very popular and Shigo has yellow hair which is always tied up and has brown eyes, Shigo really likes music. \" Nothing much\" replied Kai. \" Ruki, Rose Have you seen the my Albino snake? I bought it yesterday.\" asked Len. \" Your Albino what?\"Rose exclaimed. \" Nothing\" said Len. When the bell rang everybody took there seats, then the teacher stepped in, but something else got Rose's attention. Two girls around age 11 like her. They had long black hair and wide red eyes. The girls walked across the door and turned there head to look straight into her eyes, that give Rose the shivers and the girls kept walking across. Rose raised her hand \"Mr. Tamaki, could I be excused\" asked Rose. \" Ok Rose\"replied Tamaki Rose rushed out of the classroom and stopped in the middle of the hall and looked around. Then the same twin caught Rose's attention and they walked in to a room, Rose stopped in front of same room that the twins went in and looked at the door it said 'Science Lab'. Rose opened the door then a bloody hand grabbed her waist, Rose struggled to break free, but she can't, then Rose looked up to see who the person was, it was an adult with long hair black covering half of her face, she has very pale, her eyes are red like blood, and there was blood running down her face. The girl let go of Rose and backed away in to the darkness of the room, Rose stood up scared by what she saw and ran back to her classroom. It took a lot out of her not to cry. - AFTER SCHOOL- It was the afternoon Rose was walking home and saw the same twin again, she walked up to them. She walked up to them and said,\"Hey umm.. I never seen you two before why were you guy running when you saw me?\" \" We didn't run we walked, You never seen us, but we have seen you. Your name is Rose you moved to this neighbour three years ago, you have a lot of friends and your curious about your neighbours\" The twins both replied at the same time. \" How? What? Who? How did you know all of those? And Who are you?\" asked Rose. \" We know all of those, because we are you neighbours\" explained The twins at the same time. \" Hahaha Nice joke\"said Rose. \" It's true we know you play the Harp\"The twins both said. \" This is my sister Rika and my name is Mika\"said Mika. \" Are you guys sure your my neighbours?\"asked Rose. \" Yes, If you still don't believe us then come over to\"said Rika. \" Have a sleepover you can ask your friends if they want to come.\"finished Mika \" Come over on Halloween Night OK.\" Rika and Mika both said. The twins turned around and ran home in just a minute they were gone. When Rose got home she went straight to her bed with a big thought in her head, Its like she was watching a movie except it was in her head replaying her conversation with her neighbours, Mika and Rika. It was soon dinner Rose was just staring at her food she didn't even took one bite of it. \" Rose, Are you OK?\"asked her Father \" What? Oh I'm ok dad\"replied Rose \" Are you Sure, Rose?\"asked her Mother \" Yup I'm ok mom, It's just that I met the children of our neighbours\"replied Rose Rose's parents looked at her surprised of what she said. Then looked at each other and then back at her. They kept staring at her for fifteen minutes after that they stopped. \" Are you sure Rose?\"asked Her Father. \" I'm very sure dad\"replied Rose. \" My co-workers told me that there was no one living there.\" said her Mother. \" Then I guess they were wrong. They asked me if I can sleepover. Well Can I? Please, please, please.\"explained and begged Rose \" Sure why not.\" Both of her parents said at the same time That night Rose couldn't get to sleep she was super excited that she get's to know her neighbours! But fell asleep. So when morning came Rose woke up and tired, she took a quick shower, got dressed, run downstairs ate breakfast and ran to school. When she got to school she was all jumpy and kept asking her friends if they want to come to the sleep over. Eventually they all said OK or I have to ask my parents first. When Rose walked home she was all tired and got a massive headache, Rose stopped when she was passing by Mika and Rika's house and in the window she saw Rika and Mika they were grinning then slowly backed away from the window in to the darkness of the house. Rose then ran to her house excited again, but still has the massive headache. October,31, 2010- Today was the day when Rose will get to know her neighbours she was very excited, her friends came to her house at 3:00 and they planed to got over at 7:00. October,31,2010- 7:00- It was time for Rose and her friends to go over and very single one of them are very excited. When they step thought the gate then Rose felt a shiver ran through her body. \" Hey Rose you OK\"asked Kai. \" What?Oh I'm OK, I just have that weird feeling again, you know when I see, hear or feel that a ghost is near.\" replied Rose. When Rose rang the door bell the door opened and a huge gush of wind blow out of the house. \" Please, come in\" a voice called out. When they stepped in the room became cold, a loud slam filled the house. When they all turned around they saw that the door was locked, but when they tried to unlock it but it just won't open. As they was into the living they all saw Rika and Mika. \" Hey Mika, Rika were here\" yelled Rose, excitedly. \" That's good let's start by playing a game.\" both Rika and Mika said with evil smirks. \" OKAY! Whats the game called?\"asked all of them. \" The game is called stay alive.\" They both said at the same time again. The twins turned around showing that half of there face covered of there hair, but on the other side blood was running down there face. Soon They floated in mid air. Rose and her friends stepped back. They were soon pushed to the wall and stuck in a huge spider web. \" MOTHER!\" screamed Rika and Mika. After that silence filled the the house again, a few minutes later the silence was broken by a strange croaking just like in The Grudge, the croaking was followed by a huge thud, then came the croaking again this time Rose saw something moving down the stairs on all its fours. Once it was near the end of the stairs it grabbed on hold to the support of the stairs to reveal it's self it was a woman with long hair black, red eyes, with very pale skin and is wearing a blood coloured dress as her feet touched the floor she stood up. \" Good Evening kids, My name is Yuki, Yuki Park.\" said Yuki, \"I hope you would enjoy your stay and I would be very happy if you would also enjoy the game.\" To Be Continued... I wold like to dedicate this to 'The Grudge' in both Japanese and english form. I'm sorry if you guys got confused or if there was something wrong with the grammar. Putting that aside I hope you guys like my first one-shoot that didn't include anime. If some of you like this fanfic I'm sorry but I don't think I would be continuing. Review please. ","Summary":" Hey, whats up I'm putting this story up I did this when we had art we were suppose to make a scary "},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"Untold Grudge Tale","Author":"DawsonsCreek","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7380490","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Untold Horror Story Karen Davis was at the front of the Saeki house feeling whispers in the air telling her not to enter,as Karen took one stepped the whispers got louder begging her not to enter. She took another look at her card. The house was the right address and had the williams name on it. \"Excuse me excuse Miss is this the is the Tokunaga address\" \"No this is the williams address\" \"Hi i'm Rika Nishina and I am here to take care of hold on\" Then the everything changed on Rika's cared it now says the williams address and she is here to help a woman name Emma the mother of Matthew Williams. \"Thats weird that,i could have sworn it said the Tokunaga's address\" \"sorry this is the Williams address\" Karen responed. \"yes I think I have to help the Williams today,but do you live here\" Rika replied \"thats weird I have to help the same family to,can I take a look at your cared\". Rika walks towards Karen giving her the cared Karen. Suddenly Rika hears whispers telling her not to enter the house but the whispers faded away in the creepy winds almost look like the winds were coming from the house. \"i guest we have to work together,wierd they would assign us to the same house why\" \"well then i'm Karen Davis its to meet you\" \"i'm Rika Nishina guest will be working together today\" As both girls greeted each other they started to walk towards the house. Karen is the first one to enter the house with Rika following behind,Karen spots a hand on a glass door she runs to the glass door with Rika following behind. \"oh my god\" Rika said It was Miss Emma the mother of Williams couple. Later Karen is in the back yard washing Emma down while Rika is picking up trash around the house soon Rika goes to help Karen to prepare bed for Emma. Both girls start to pick the rest of the trash around the house. Karen heads up stairs with a vacuum cleaner as Rika follows behind a broom and dust pan. Than both of the women heard a noise from one of the rooms. Karen goes in the room seeing that a closet has tape on it Rika watches as Karen is ripping all the tape off the closet then Karen backs away and Rika opens the closet door seeing a boy looking back at them in horror. Then a cat jumps out with a horror meow sound making both Karen and Rika fall to the ground in fear. ","Summary":" Untold Horror Story Karen Davis was at the front of the Saeki house feeling whispers in the air tel"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"In Candieland","Author":"SummerOfMyLife","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8945094","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 It must have been the hottest day ever. Not that it meant anything, as this was my first visit to Mississippi, and I was only ever used to the Pennsylvania weather that I had been born and raised in. Still, the air was boiling and sticky and the oven of a carriage that I was stuck in did nothing to cool me down. \"Stop fidgeting, Kathryn! You're only making it worse,\" my mother scolded me. I couldn't help but let out a small sigh. Even while on the way to marry me off to some stranger, my mother was still scolding me like I was a baby. Nonetheless, I tried to stay as still as possible. But who could really blame me for fidgeting? Everything about my current situation was unbearable and nervewracking. There I was, trapped in a hot carriage, squeezed into an uncomfortable corset, on my way to meet the man my parents had arranged for me to marry. Calvin Candie. Owner of one of the largest plantations in Mississippi. Which meant incredibly wealthy, and a dream of a son-in-law for my parents. That was all I knew of him. And already I didn't like him. \"Kathryn, honestly!\" I felt a hand smack mine, and looked down to realize that I had been picking at a cuticle. Looking up to find my mother frowning and shaking her head, I smiled weakly. \"Sorry.\" My father piped up, \"Kathryn, we know you're nervous but please try to make a good impression. First impressions are important, and Calvin is a very particular man. He likes to have the best of the best.\" I rolled my eyes. \"Of course you would know. At least you've met him before.\" He was about to respond before my mother cut in, \"You'll meet him soon enough, and you'll see what an excellent husband he will be.\" \"Mother, how can you say that? He owns a slave plantation !\" \"Yes, among many other things.\" I looked at her incredulously. \"How could you be so okay with this? He enslaves people! \" \"Honey, this is how things are done in the south. It's what's normal here. We should be more understanding of their culture and way of life. They probably find the thought of not having slaves strange.\" \"Yeah, because not enslaving people is really out there!\" \"Kathryn-\" \"Oh look we're here!\" My father's announcement of our arrival put an end to the argument, and in fact made me forget all about it. I looked out the window and saw the plantation looming ahead. Past the gates there was a beautiful, big, white house. A mansion, actually. It looked like something from a fairy tale. It was breathtaking. And it made me feel sick. It wasn't until that moment that I realized just how final this was. I was meeting my husband , a stranger whom I knew very little of, and the little that I did know was not indicative of a positive character. I didn't know whether to scream, vomit, or jump out of the carriage and run in the other direction. I had just decided that the occasion called for all three actions, when I felt a hand on my shoulder. I looked up to see my father smiling, his eyes reassuring. \"Don't be nervous. He'd be a fool not to take a liking to you,\" he told me. \"Of course, because I want to live on a slave plantation,\" I whispered under my breath. But my parents did not hear, or maybe just didn't care to respond. Instead, my mother said, \"He better do more than that. We did not make this second trip all the way down from Pennsylvania for nothing.\" They continued talking, but I tuned out. I couldn't help but feel hopeless. I was going to get married, at nineteen years old, to a man who was, well I didn't exactly know just how old this Calvin Candie was. The lack of knowledge of this kind of information about my husband-to-be struck me as odd, so I turned to ask my parents. But just then, the carriage came to a stop, and I heard someone yelling, although, looking out the window, I couldn't be sure who the owner of the voice was. I saw a few black women lined up near the carriage, as well as two white men just stepping out onto the porch. Finally I saw an older black man exit the house after the others, and the yells became louder and sharper. \"Monsieur Calvin! Monsieur Calvin! They've come!\" My father was the first down from the carriage. He gave a hand to help my mother down, and finally, I came down too, with reluctance, as in that moment of fear, I childishly refused to take my father's hand, and probably never would have, had it not been for my mother's deadly glare. My feet had just touched the ground when I heard a calmer voice, and looked up to see a brown-haired man, with matching brown mustache and short beard, walk out and say, \"Stephen, Stephen, I heard you before. And I said I'd be down in a minute.\" He looked over at me, and I was immediately rooted to the spot, but this definitely wasn't a moment of love at first sight. He looked at me in such a strange way, that I couldn't immediately place his emotion. It was like he was pleased with what he saw, but he was looking at me like I something to be taken, owned. Something that he could simply just, have. But the moment quickly ended, and he turned his attention to my parents. \"Ah, my guests!\" he exclaimed. He walked over to my father, and shook his hand. \"Welcome, welcome, Mr. Smith. Wonderful to see you again! I do apologize for Stephen's ruckus. He can be a bit over enthusiastic at times when it comes to doing what he's told,\" he said, gesturing to the older black man with his free hand. He turned to my mother. \"Ah, the lovely Mrs. Smith! Always a pleasure to see you!\" he said, bending down to kiss her hand. He was very charming, I almost forgot that look he gave me a moment ago, and the fact that he owned slaves. Almost. \"Oh, Mr. Candie, the pleasure is ours,\" my mother said, clearly falling under his charm. Calvin's eyes again fell on me, but this time, the look he gave me was polite, gentlemanly. \"And, who is this beautiful creature standing before me?\" he drawled. \"Mr. Candie,\" my father answered, \"This is our daughter, Ms. Kathryn Smith.\" \"What a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Ms. Kathryn Smith,\" he said as he took my hand in his and brought it up to his lips, never looking away from my eyes. His mustache tickled. \"It's lovely to meet you, Mr. Candie,\" I replied, plastering on a smile, which I hoped was passable. \"Your parents told me so much about you, but I of course never expected such a beauty!\" He continued to hold my hand. \"Oh you are too kind, Mr. Candie,\" I said, gently tugging my hand from his grasp. He looked at me for a moment, seemingly irritated at my action. But then he snapped out of whatever thought he had, and smiled. \"Where are my manners?\" He gestured to the house. \"Please come in!\" We all turned and headed to the house, with my father and Calvin leading us. I could just make out something about bets or a fight, but I didn't know what to make of it. Regardless, I couldn't shake the feeling that whatever I was getting into, wasn't going to be good. This is my first fanfic, so I'm learning as I go along. If you can, please take the time to review and let me know what you like or don't like. I'd really appreciate it! :)[Chapter 2] Wow, it's been a while. Sorry about that. I'll explain at the bottom of the chapter... Chapter 2 We followed Mr. Candie into the foyer of the house, and I couldn't help but notice that it looked even more magnificent from the inside. \"Welcome to my home,\" he drawled, while vaguely gesturing around the room with a wave of his hand. He spun on his heels and looked at my parents. \"Now, I know you must be tired from the trip down here all the way from the North, but I thought it would only be proper to show my guests some Southern hospitality by offering some cool refreshments, before you went up to your rooms?\" He picked up his voice at the end, as if he had asked a question, but he steered us into the parlor without waiting for our response. \"Of course! Thank you, Mr. Candie,\" my father responded, eyeing the counter that was stacked with tea sandwiches and what looked to be 20 pitchers and kettles of different beverages. \"Oh, this is just so lovely. I could really use a cool drink! The climate in Mississippi does take some getting used to,\" my mother laughed. It was a nervous laugh. She always did get tense around people she was trying to impress. \"Please,\" Calvin gestured to the couch and chairs that circled a coffee table over by large windows overlooking the garden. \"Have a seat.\" He sat down on an armchair. There was another chair next to it, but I started to make a beeline for the couch that was on the other side of the table. Unfortunately, my mother saw what I was doing and nudged me into the chair next to Calvin. He didn't notice, or at least pretended not to, and called for Stephen. The rude man from outside came hobbling in, along with 2 of the black women that were lined up outside. \"Yes Monsieur Calvin?\" he stopped next to Calvin's chair, but was keeping a critical glare in my direction. \"Stephen, we are ready for the refreshments. Why don't we start with,\" he turned towards my father, \"a couple of bourbons for the men?\" \"That sounds fantastic,\" my father nodded. \"And sweet tea for the ladies,\" Calvin finished, without even waiting for agreement from me or from my mother. \"Yes, sir, Mr. Calvin,\" Stephen beamed at him. Then he turned around and started to yell instructions to the two women. \"You heard the man! Betty, two bourbons! And Ruth, two sweet teas!\" \"So, I trust that the trip down was not too difficult the second time around?\" Calvin asked, smiling at my parents. As he did so, he took out a cigarette, placed it into a holder, and lit it. \"Well, getting used to the changing climate was less difficult,\" my father answered, \"but one of our wheels broke in the middle of nowhere – I think it was somewhere in Tennessee, wasn't it darling?\" he turned to my mother. \"Move it!\" Stephen yelled from the counter, watching over the two women pouring drinks. \"Yes, it was,\" my mother continued the conversation. \"Oh it was just an awful situation. Thank goodness our driver had a spare or we would have been severely delayed!\" They continued to talk while our drinks were served. I smiled and thanked the young woman who gave me the sweet tea, who I guessed must be Ruth. But she only nodded before backing away to stand by the wall. I turned back to listen to the conversation. The talk of the trip down soon turned into a discussion of current events back in Pennsylvania. But nobody mentioned anything about what – to me – was the elephant in the room: marriage between Mr. Candie and myself. In fact, nobody even said anything to me. My mother and father were completely absorbed in their conversation with him. They seemed very tense, my mother more than my father, and I knew that they were trying to make a good impression, to show how high-class they were. The truth is, although we lived comfortably back in Pennsylvania, we were nowhere near as rich as Calvin Candie seemed to be, judging by this house. But my parents were determined to have their daughter married to a rich man. Of course, to do that they had to \"not lie,\" as my mother put it before we left home, \"but just not have an outright declaration of the truth.\" It seemed to be working for them. I could tell that they were acting strangely because I knew them. But Mr. Candie probably thought that was just how Northerners were. The real thing that was bothering me throughout our – or should I say their conversation – was that I was being ignored. I knew that my father liked to keep me out of discussions on business, but this whole meeting was to marry me off. And on top of that, Mr. Candie hadn't so much as looked my way since we met outside. Did he not find me attractive? My mother had told me before that he had seen my picture and seemed excited to meet in person. But people always looked a little different in pictures. Maybe seeing me in the flesh made him decide that I wasn't his type. That was the only reason I could think of for him completely ignoring me. I couldn't help but feel happy at the possibility. This could mean my freedom from all of this. We would have to stay here for at least the night, and of course conversation would have to be polite, as it was now, but in the morning we could head back home. And then maybe, just maybe, I would be free to marry Andrew. He was the son of a farmer in our town. We had been seeing each other for a while, a secret I had kept from my parents, until he had asked them for my hand in marriage. Their response had been to threaten him, to never let me leave the house alone, and to try to find a match for me as soon as possible. A business associate of my father's had connected my parents with Mr. Candie. \"Kathryn?\" I heard my mother address me. I snapped my head up. Both my parents and Mr. Candie were staring at me. \"Ms. Smith, is everything all right?\" Mr. Candie asked. His lips were turned up into a slight smirk. I stared at him stupidly. How long had I spaced out for? Why was he looking at me like that? Were they finally talking about the marriage? How could I have missed that? \"Kathryn, are you all right dear?\" my mother asked again, forcing her light, nervous laughter. I turned to look at her, and was met with her wide-eyed glare, daring me to mess this opportunity up. That snapped me right out of my thoughts. \"I am so sorry,\" I said. \"I don't know what came over me. My head is in a fog. It must be this heat!\" I figured lying about my inability to acclimate to this new environment was better than telling them about my secret hopes to return home and marry another man. \"I guess it's a good time to go upstairs and rest then,\" my mother said. \"Mr. Candie and your father were going to stay and discuss business in private.\" Business. Did they mean me? Was I \"business\" now? I plastered on a smile. \"That sounds like a good idea. I could really use some rest.\" My mother and I stood up at the same time, and Mr. Candie and my father followed suit, each giving a little bow of their heads. Mr. Candie turned to Stephen. \"Stephen, tell Cora to take Mrs. and Ms. Smith up to their rooms.\" He gestured with his cigarette. \"Certainly, sir.\" A beat, and then \"Cora!\" he yelled. He was starting to grate on my nerves, him and his rudeness and incessant yelling. But Mr. Candie didn't seem to mind. Maybe he treated his slaves better than the horror stories I had heard. Ruth and Betty seemed quiet, but not miserable. I had no more time to think about that because Mr. Candie had turned to face us. \"You ladies rest up now, because I have a big dinner planned for later.\" Then he looked right into my eyes and said, \"My sister and her husband are coming over later, and I think the sooner you two become acquainted, the better, because I do believe you will get along famously.\" What did that mean? Was he expecting me to stay and become friends with his sister? More importantly, did that mean I was going to stay? As in married? \"Well that sounds very exciting, Mr. Candie. Doesn't it, Kathryn?\" my mother nudged me. \"Yes, I can't wait,\" I added. He was still staring at me and I felt my cheeks starting to get pink. I just wanted to leave before my whole face became red. \"And if there is anything you need, please do not hesitate to ask.\" \"Thank you, Mr. Candie.\" I forced myself to look into his eyes again. He had lovely blue eyes. They were very soft, and almost didn't match the rest of him. I didn't have much time to look at them though, because Cora came in to take us up to our rooms. We took our leave and followed Cora into the hallway and up the stairs. I hadn't noticed that I had stopped breathing until we reached the stairs and I was away from his gaze. If you came back to continue reading this, thank you so much. It's been a really long time since I posted the first chapter. Almost two years?! Life got really complicated. I was dealing with a sick family member, family drama, and craziness at school, and it all got to be too much and I forgot about this. But I recently watched Django Unchained again and I remembered this story and when I came back to see it, I saw your reviews and it really gave me a kick to keep going. This chapter didn't have a lot of Calvin/oc interaction. Sorry :( The next chapter will have more. With this chapter I was trying to flesh out Kathryn a bit more. I will update soon. (Really really!) I'm excited about this story! xx[Chapter 3] After Cora had led my mother and I to our respective rooms, I tried resting, but I really just laid on my bed, stared up at the ceiling and tried not to think about what my father and Mr. Candie were talking about downstairs. I thought it would be a relief to finally change and go to dinner, so that I could at least find out what they had agreed on. But dinner was even worse then my first meeting with Mr. Candie, because of his sister. Lara Lee Candie-Fitzwillie made Mr. Candie look like the most likable person in the world. She had such a fake personality and her unpleasantness was bursting through the cracks in her façade. At least this time I actually joined in the conversation. However, my appreciation of this was somewhat dimmed by the fact that I mostly spoke with Lara, on account of us sitting next to each other on Mr. Candie's insistence that we would become fast friends. \"More like sisters!\" Lara had piped up in a voice so forcefully cheery that her voice cracked on the last syllable. On my other side was my mother, but she was busy talking to Mr. Candie so much that it seemed like she wanted to marry him herself. And on the other side of Lara was her husband, Tom, who seemed far more interested in downing his drinks than in joining any of the conversations around the table. So I was resigned to get through this dinner listening to Lara blabber on and on about desperately wanting to renovate her dining room. When everyone had finished eating, Mr. Candie announced, \"Ladies and gentlemen, my dear guests. While normally I would be much obliged to join you in the parlor for drinks and dessert, I do think that I should take a moment to become better acquainted with my beautiful, blushing bride.\" He gestured to me with a sweep of his hand. The sound of me squeaking out, \"What?\" was drowned out by the sound of uproarious clapping and shouts of congratulations. I could hear Lara next to me say, \"Oh a weddin'! So exciting!\" while hugging me, but what really struck me was the glimpse I got of my mother through the blur of the room. She looked so happy. I had never seen her look so elated, like the best thing that could ever happen to her was to see me married off. I barely registered getting up, Calvin shaking hands with his friends as they patted him on the back, or my father's smile not quite reaching his eyes, before Calvin said to the group, \"Please, make yourselves comfortable in the parlor. My sweet sister, I'm sure you know the way.\" He winked at his sister. \"And I will give Ms. Smith a grand tour of the house, if she finds that to be agreeable?\" And then he was at my side, holding his elbow out expectantly. I didn't know how I was expected to breathe, let alone move, but somehow I linked my arm with Mr. Candie's and he led me out of the dining room. It was all happening too fast. It couldn't be real. Already? I had just met him earlier today. I couldn't be engaged. We hadn't even really talked yet. What was even happening? \"Are you feeling ill, Ms. Smith?\" I turned to look towards the voice. Of course it belonged to Mr. Candie. I wanted to smack myself. Who else would it be? But my realization of where I was and who I was with made me snap out of my panicked thoughts, and I realized that I was having trouble breathing. We were walking up the stairs, and he was probably saying something but I had no idea what. We had almost made it to the top when I had apparently frozen in place. \"Ahh. Well. Actually, I think— I think. That I need some…air,\" I managed to get out. He inspected my face closely, squinting his eyes. \"Of course. There's a balcony right over here if we just get up these last steps…\" his voice trailed off as he led me. I didn't even know how I looked, but my legs felt like spaghetti. I always thought that was such a cliché, but in this moment, that's all that I could come up with to describe them. I must have looked like a wreck, but Mr. Candie didn't make any further comments. \"It's right on over here,\" Mr. Candie said when we reached the second floor. He pushed open the doors to the balcony and I was instantly hit with cool air. I was so grateful that the temperature had gone down with the night and that it wasn't as muggy anymore. I took large gulps of air as I made my way to the railing. I instantly felt better. \"I'm sorry about that, Mr. Candie,\" I said as I turned to face him. \"I don't know what came over me.\" He waved away my apology. \"Oh, that's nothing to be sorry about. There have been days when even I, Southern blood, born and raised, have really felt the heat, especially during the dog days of August.\" I laughed. \"It can get pretty hot around that time in the North, too.\" I shook my head. \"I can't even imagine how hot it can get down here.\" I looked down at the road leading away from the house. \"Well, you'll see for yourself soon enough,\" he replied. My eyes shot back to his. He had been watching me carefully to see my reaction. \"Right. That.\" I paused, thinking of something to say. What does one say in these kinds of situations anyway? \"The umm… engagement. That – that was a quick development, wasn't it?\" He looked out towards the road. \"Not really,\" he shrugged. \"Well, it kind of was,\" I went on. \"We only met a few hours ago and already we're –\" My throat felt like sand. It was so hard to say that word. \"Engaged,\" he finished, nodding thoughtfully. \"Yes!\" I thought he was finally getting my point. \"You have to admit, Mr. Candie, it does seem a little fast.\" He barked a short laugh, and turned to look at me again, his blue eyes twinkling. \"Well, what exactly did you expect to happen when you got here?\" I blinked. What had I expected? \"Uhh,\" I started composing my thoughts while I spoke. \"I knew that we were going to meet. And obviously, I knew that you and my dad had discussed the possibility of marriage, but I thought that–\" I paused for a moment. He was enthusiastically nodding his head, encouraging me to continue. But his eyes still had that twinkle and his lips seemed to be forced downwards, as though he was trying not to smirk. I forced myself to continue anyway. \"I thought that we would at least get to know each other better, maybe for a few days at least, to find out if we are compatible.\" \"Mmm. Compatible?\" I nodded. \"Mmhmm.\" He stroked his beard like he was thinking very deeply, but I could just tell that he already knew exactly what he was going to say. \"Well, I guess we should make sure of our compatibility, then, hmm Ms. Smith? Should we see what the stars say?\" He squinted up at the stars. \"You know, that astrology babble that seems to be catching on now?\" I shook my head. \"That's not what I–\" \"Let me explain to you what compatibility is, Ms. Smith. Or Kathryn. I think I should start addressing you as Kathryn, since we are going to be man and wife soon.\" I flinched at his abrasiveness. He didn't miss a beat. \"Compatibility starts with a beautiful woman,\" he gestured towards me, \"such as yourself, of course. And once you have that, all you really need is obedience. Once you put those two things together…\" he clapped his hands. \"Well, then you have a happy marriage.\" I had no idea how to even begin to respond to that. He waved his arms around while he continued to explain. \"Your father and I had already discussed the matter thoroughly before your arrival. All there was left to do was to go over the last minute details. And of course to meet you in person to get my final seal of approval.\" I squinted, trying to think of what to say. Of what could possibly get me out of this situation. \"I wouldn't be a good wife for you,\" I blurted out. He snorted. \"And why do you say that?\" \"I… hate the weather here. I don't think I'll ever get used to it. And then I'd just be complaining all the time. And! And, I would miss my friends up North. Oh, that would just make me miserable! Oh, and the fact that you own slaves? No. Just… no, I – I don't like that at all. I'd always be complaining about that. Just nagging all the time! Honestly, you'd be trying to get rid of me! Let me tell you! I would be no fun at all as your wife.\" I stopped to take a breath, hoping that he was convinced. He took one step closer to me, and I resisted the urge to back away. Then he started to respond to my points, one by one. \"First of all, Kathryn, the weather is not a very big deal. Northerners always come down here lookin' for property and investments and get used to the weather as soon as money starts flowing into their pockets.\" Another step closer. \"As for friends? You'll make new ones. You certainly made a new one today, and it's your first day here.\" I must have looked confused because he added, \"Lara?\" Ah, yes, his sister. Like she counted! Another step. We were less than a foot away now. \"And as for the slaves, well, I suppose you wouldn't find the idea of slavery very appealing if you've never been around them. But honestly, they are a different breed. I would say that they weren't even human if it wasn't for the fact that they could talk!\" He laughed. I gasped in shock. Gee, he couldn't really think that , could he? I was about to argue that, yes, I had seen slaves before I came down here. People in the north had slaves to help with housework and other things. And even though I was never allowed to talk with any of them, they seemed to be just like white people except for the fact that they were forced into slavery. But before I could form the syllables needed to make my argument, Mr. Candie stepped forward once again. I could feel his chest pressed against mine. I wanted to move but his eyes glued me to the spot. He bent his head and for a second I thought he was going to kiss me. But instead he put his mouth against my ear and whispered, \"All things considered, Ms. Smith, I must say I regret to disagree with you.\" His lips brushed against my cheek and I smelled whiskey on his breath. \"I think you'll be a lot of fun as my wife.\" I jerked my head back. I swallowed because my throat felt dry and also because I couldn't think of anything to say. But given my entire situation, I decided to keep things as civil as I could. \"I would really appreciate it if you stopped acting so familiar, Mr. Candie.\" He chuckled. \"Of course, Ms. Smith. It will only be a short while until we become more familiar .\" To everyone who is still reading/reviewing/favoriting THANK YOU! You are very sweet. Since I haven't written a lot and the last update was a while ago, I wouldn't blame you for giving up on this story. I've had a really tough year but I'm going to really make an effort to continue this story regularly. I'm already in the middle of the next chapter! Let me know what you think! xx[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 I had always liked the Wedding March. Whenever I heard it, I would be looking at a bride walking down the aisle, meeting her groom at the end of it. They would always look so happy, so excited to start the rest of their lives together. I would wonder about my own wedding: my dress, the flowers, the guests. And of course my groom. Recently, I had begun to just assume it would be Andrew. There was no one else that was even a romantic prospect for me, so I just couldn't picture anyone except him. But today was the day. The wedding march that was playing was for me. And as I started walking down the aisle of the old church that was selected for the occasion, I couldn't help but be utterly horrified at the fact that the groom waiting for me at the altar was very much not Andrew. The piercing blue eyes of Mr. Candie (Calvin, as I had been trying for the last few days to call him) were definitely not the warm hazel eyes of Andrew. That particular detail made me clutch my father's arm a little tighter. I tried to slow our steps. It wasn't a very big church, and the walk down the aisle seemed cruelly short. But my father didn't seem to notice, and he was too strong for me to hold the both of us back. So I continued my quick, short walk down the aisle until I was finally standing right in front of Mr.– Calvin. I don't remember much of the ceremony. I don't remember how my father managed to extract his arm from my grasp, or what the pastor said throughout. I couldn't even tell you for sure what kind of flowers were in my bouquet. But I did remember the church getting very still and quiet when the pastor asked if I had heard his question. I had just stared at him while Calvin squeezed my hand firmly and leaned in to whisper \"This is the part where you actually have to talk.\" After the pastor asked me if I, \"Ms. Kathryn Smith, take Mr. Calvin Candie to be my lawfully wedded husband\" for the second time, and I had managed to squeak out a weak \"I do,\" Calvin had placed a gold wedding band with circling diamonds on my finger and we had our first kiss. It was a very chaste kiss, and his lips were surprisingly soft. Everybody was cheering and clapping and congratulating and throwing wheat (a supposedly French tradition that Calvin had insisted on) before Calvin led me to the carriage waiting for us outside the church. I didn't even get to say anything to my parents after the ceremony, but I did catch a glimpse of them waving. Calvin took my hand to steady me as I climbed into the carriage before going around and getting in himself. He told the driver to go, and then we were off, leaving the noisy crowd behind us. It was just me, locked in a carriage with my new husband. From the church it was a short carriage ride home. Calvin tried to start a conversation several times, but I was too nervous about what was coming next that I couldn't bring myself to respond. I only managed to nod my head. Finally, he gave up and, shaking his head, said, \"You know, you're going to have to get used to me sometime. I'm really not that bad.\" And he wasn't. Throughout the past two weeks leading up to the wedding, Calvin had been nothing short of a gentleman. Of course, all of our interactions (except for that night of our engagement) were closely chaperoned by my parents, seeking to protect their daughter's virtue until marriage. I don't know why they bothered, if they were just going to marry me off to a man like him anyway. But I did appreciate that their presence made him seem like a normal gentleman. \"And here we are!\" Calvin boomed, causing me to jump in my seat. We had turned off the main road onto the driveway of Candieland and were approaching the house. I guess I should call it our house now. I felt like my heart was going to hammer out of my chest. Nobody had ever told me how to… be with a man. I had no idea what to expect. And although he didn't say it, I knew that something was expected of me. Once we reached the front of the house the driver stopped the carriage and Calvin got out. He circled around the carriage and opened my door, offering his hand. \"Mrs. Candie?\" Jeez that was weird. I don't know how long it'll take me to get used to that name. I took his hand and walked down the two steps of the carriage and lightly hopped down on the dirt, looking at him for a clue of what to do. I was caught off guard when he grabbed me and swung me into his arms. I yelped, but I wrapped my arms around his neck and once I felt balanced I asked, \"What are you doing?\" \"Well I have to walk my bride across the threshold, haven't I?\" Huh. Calvin Candie the secret romantic? I never would've imagined it. He carried me to the front door with ease, only struggling to turn the doorknob while still holding me. When he stepped over the threshold he said, \"And now this is officially our home, Mrs. Candie.\" It was so bizarre, I laughed. \"It sounds so weird when you call me that,\" I explained. \"You're right,\" he said. \"I like calling you Kathryn better.\" I couldn't look him directly in the eyes without feeling awkward so I looked around the foyer. \"It's so empty.\" Usually Stephen would run up to greet Calvin when he got back. Or someone would be doing something. But today it was eerily quiet. The whole house seemed empty. \"I figured, as this is a celebratory occasion, I would give us a bit of privacy,\" he explained, setting me down on my feet. \"Ah. Ok then.\" I still couldn't look directly at him. \"How about we have a drink, hmm?\" \"That would be lovely,\" I answered. Nothing like a little liquid courage to help me through this night. He hooked our arms and steered me into the parlor. \"What would you like?\" he asked, walking to the bar. \"Uh… I don't know.\" I wasn't much of a drinker. \"Some wine perhaps?\" \"That sounds good.\" He unhooked his hand from mine and went around the bar to the drinks while I sat down on one of the stools. \"We have quite a selection over here,\" he said, bending down and studying the wines. \"Would you like a Merlot, Pinot noir…\" \"Um, I don't really know that much about wines,\" I admitted. \"Whatever you like.\" \"Personally, I don't drink wine that much. I'm a whiskey man.\" \"I'll have that then.\" He snorted and straightened up to look at me. \"You want whiskey?\" I had to stand my ground now. So I shrugged and nodded. \"Have you ever had it before?\" \"I have.\" That was a lie. \"Well alright then. Two shots of whiskey coming right up.\" He placed two shot glasses on the counter, unscrewed the cap off of the whiskey, and proceeded to pour it out. \"Here you go.\" He slid one of the glasses across the bar to me. \"To our marriage.\" He held up his glass. \"To our marriage,\" I repeated. Our glasses clinked and I took my first shot of whiskey. I choked back a cough when it burned my throat. He was watching me expectantly, trying hard not to smile, his eyes doing that annoying twinkling thing. My throat felt so dry but I did manage to speak. \"Huh. The whiskey tastes different here.\" \"Oh, does it?\" He smiled. \"Mhmm. Another one please.\" \"Happy to oblige.\" He poured out two more shots. Sliding mine towards me, he asked, \"And what shall we toast to this time?\" I thought about it for a second. \"To being responsible adults who respect each others boundaries!\" So much for being subtle. He squinted. But clinked his glass with mine and said, \"To boundaries\" before we downed the shots. \"Will you have another?\" \"Maybe not right now.\" I got up from the stool and walked to the window. I didn't really know what to say to him, so I said the first thing that came into my head. \"So, this is the first time that we've been alone. You know, since the night of the engagement.\" Mentally I kicked myself in the head once I heard it out loud and realized how suggestive it sounded. \"Yes, the thought had entered my mind.\" He started walking around the bar and towards the window. Towards me . Suddenly I wished that I had stayed at the bar. At least there was a barrier between us there. I turned back to the window. \"This view is just incredible!\" \"I've always liked it.\" He was right next to me now. \"But you're probably used to it.\" \"I can still appreciate a good view.\" \"Isn't it romantic?\" I sat down on the sofa next to the window. \"Let's watch it!\" I could feel a little buzz coming from the whiskey. \"This is nothing. The view of the sunset from upstairs is absolutely breath-taking.\" He paused and remained standing. \"Actually, our bedroom has the best view.\" \"Does it?\" I tried to sound casual. \"Oh but we're already in here. And the bar is here…\" I gestured around the room. \"It really does look like the perfect spot to watch the sunset.\" He appeared to think about it for a second, but he sat down and said, \"If you insist.\" The sofa was very roomy but he sat down right next to me, so that we were touching. I was very aware of this fact when he lifted his arm up to put it around my shoulders. It made me sit up on the edge of sofa. \"I need to go to the bathroom.\" I was happy that I was thinking on my feet. Unfortunately, I couldn't steady myself on them when I got up. In my rush to distance myself from him, I hadn't noticed the strengthening effect of the whiskey. I rocked backward but managed to stay standing. Calvin's hands still shot up to my waist to steady me regardless. Maybe two shots at once wasn't such a good idea. He got up, tightening his hands on my waist. \"Do you need assistance?\" he asked. \"No, I'm fine. Thank you.\" I took a moment to make sure of it before I stepped away from him and started walking to the door. I was grateful that I could still walk normally, except for the minor swaying. \"Should I pour us another round of whiskey for when you return?\" \"Umm, maybe some wine for me. That Merlot sounded good!\" I said as I walked out of the parlor and down the hallway to the bathroom. There really wasn't anybody around. At all. I glanced into the kitchen, sure that there would be at least someone in there but it was dark and empty. I made it to the bathroom, locked myself in and looked in the mirror with defeat. \"Oh my god! What am I going to do?\" I asked my reflection. Not much of a pep talk. I started brainstorming. Maybe if I pretended to be sick? But he would see right through that. I started pacing the few feet of bathroom floor there was. I stopped. I might as well pee. Maneuvering in my wedding dress wasn't easy. But the alternative was even less appealing. Even if I could run upstairs and find my clothes (would they be in the guest room I stayed in, or in Mr. Candie's room now?) I wouldn't be able to get out of this dress to change. It was a very elaborate European dress, with buttons all along the back, from the neckline to the waist. There was no way I could get out of it without someone else's help. I cursed myself for not thinking about this problem sooner. After peeing and pacing some more, I decided that I couldn't avoid him anymore, and started making my way back to the parlor. Calvin was already sitting on the sofa, with our drinks on the tiny coffee table in front of it. He heard my footsteps and turned to me. \"There you are,\" he drawled. \"I was just about to send the cavalry.\" \"It's a big house…and it's getting dark too. A little hard to see.\" I looked around. He had lit a few candles, and the fireplace was going. It would have been very romantic, if I wasn't so terrified. As I walked to the sofa, his eyes never left me. I felt so self-conscious, especially since I was trying not to wobble and give away that I was kind of drunk. I sat down and looked at the sunset. The colors had darkened and bright reds and purples had formed. \"Oh, it's beautiful now.\" \"Yes it is.\" He picked up the glass of wine on the table. \"Here you go.\" I took the wine. \"Thank you, Mr. Candie.\" \"Calvin,\" he corrected. \"Please.\" \"Of course! I'm sorry. It's just that we've only been married for a couple of hours. And we've only known each other for a couple of weeks.\" \"Well, we have a lifetime to keep getting to know each other.\" He lifted up his glass. He had poured himself a glass of whiskey instead of a shot. \"To a lifetime.\" \"Cheers!\" I said and took a sip. At least it wasn't as strong as the whiskey. \"That's true, you know,\" I said. \"We have so much time that we don't need to rush.\" \"Rush what?\" \"Anything… you know.\" \"Hmm.\" He didn't say anything else. We watched the sunset in silence for a few minutes. I sipped my wine. Maybe if I drank a lot I could maybe start throwing up and maybe delay whatever was supposed to happen tonight. I continued to sip. Maybe that wasn't such a good idea. What if I didn't throw up at all? I'd always had a strong stomach. Maybe I would just keep getting more and more drunk until I blacked out. I decided to stop drinking altogether. But by then I had already finished a whole glass of wine, and my head was starting to spin. And it was in that moment that Calvin started to lean closer to me.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 I turned to him to see what he was doing and he kissed me. The whiskey had made me so relaxed that his tongue easily slid past my lips. It was such a weird sensation to have his tongue running over mine. It was so different from the chaste kiss at our wedding. I didn't hate the feeling, but as the kiss grew more intense, I became scared that it would start leading to more. My reaction time must have really been delayed because it took a moment for me to break the kiss and turn my head. But he wasn't discouraged, and started kissing my neck. I was so shocked that I gasped. He must have taken it as a sign to continue though, because he lowered his head and started kissing his way down my throat. When I felt his teeth lightly graze my skin, I knew I had to think of something. \"Don't you want to see the rest of the sunset?\" I asked, trying to distract him. By then he had made it down to the neckline of my dress. He stopped and looked at me. \"I want to see you out of this dress.\" His eyes were smoldering in the candlelight and I was so terrified of him. \"Uhh…\" I swallowed. I was screaming in my head. \"It would be so lovely to watch the entire sunset.\" He kept looking at me like he wanted to eat me alive. \"It could be like our thing, you know. On anniversaries…\" I trailed off, scared that nothing I said would be able to get through to him. I was relieved when he blinked and looked towards the sunset. It was then that I noticed how hard I was breathing. I tried to slow it down so he wouldn't notice but I just felt so hot. I was burning under my dress. I shifted a little but nothing was working. Of course he would notice. \"Are you uncomfortable in that thing?\" I looked at him. \"What?\" He explained, \"It's a nice dress, and you look beautiful in it, but it looks fairly heavy. And tight.\" \"I don't mind,\" I lied. But I continued breathing fast. I was very aware that he kept watching me but I couldn't bring myself to look at him. Not after what had just happened. I felt my face starting to turn red and hoped that he wouldn't see in the candlelight. \"Come on.\" He stood up and offered me his hand. \"Where are we going?\" I asked, although I stayed seated. \"Upstairs. I'll show you our bedroom. I had Denise and Cora put all of your clothes in the closet there. You can change.\" \"I'm fine though. Really.\" \"Kathryn,\" he sighed, \"I give you my word as a southern gentleman that nothing will happen up there that you don't want.\" \"Really?\" I studied his face closely. \"I promise.\" His face looked sincere enough. Plus, I figured that I couldn't stay down here in this dress all night anyway. I took his hand and I half stood up, half was pulled up by him. By then, all of the alcohol of the night had really kicked in, and I was having trouble walking. Thankfully, he took my arm in his and led me out of the parlor, into the foyer and up the stairs. It felt weird to pass my old room, the guest room I had stayed in for the past couple of weeks. I actually hesitated a bit at the door, but he gently pulled me forward and we kept walking to his bedroom. I had never been inside before. In my exploration of the house I had always avoided this room like the plague. He opened the door and guided me in. It was a lot bigger than the guest room. There were a lot of red and gold accents, and there was even a fireplace already burning. \"It's a very nice room,\" I commented. \"I had it redecorated for us.\" \"Thank you.\" What else does one say in situations like these? It would have been a very romantic gesture if I actually were in love with him. He led me across the room to the other side of the bed. Right passed it was a door. \"And over here,\" he said, opening the door, \"is your closet.\" I peered inside while he left to go light some candles. It was almost the end of the sunset, so I couldn't really make anything out. When Calvin returned to my side with a lighted candelabra, I could see that it was a walk-in closet, but the strangest thing was that it was filled with a lot more clothes than I had come down to Mississippi with. Clothes that I hadn't even seen before. He must have seen the confusion on my face because he explained, \"I had them tailored specifically to your measurements, which your mother very kindly gave to me. Consider it a wedding present.\" \"Wow.\" I started touching the clothes. They all felt like very expensive fabrics. \"I can't— oh, thank you, Mr.—Calvin,\" I corrected myself. \"You can pick out anything and change. I'll be waiting outside.\" He closed the door before he left. Very gentlemanly indeed. I set the candelabra on the chair in the corner of the closet and started going through a rack of dresses. They were all so beautiful. I couldn't even imagine how much this cost him. I had picked out a beautiful lavender dress to change into when I remembered the buttons on the back of my wedding dress. I would need his help getting changed. My heart started hammering again, but I remembered the promise he had made me down stairs. So I took a deep breath, picked up the candelabra, opened the door and went to go ask Calvin for help. He was sitting at the foot of the bed, his back to me, another glass of whiskey in his hand. I looked to the corner by the door and saw that there was in fact a small bar in our room. \"Calvin?\" He turned to look at me. \"You didn't change.\" \"Yes, about that…\" \"Are the dresses not to your liking?\" He got up. \"Oh. No! No, they're beautiful. Really beautiful.\" I paused. \"But I umm… I can't get out of this dress.\" \"Of course.\" He smiled. \"Come here, I'm happy to help.\" I walked over to him and placed the candelabra on the nightstand. \"The buttons…\" I turned my back to him and pointed. \"Ah, yes.\" He stepped closer and ran his hands down my back. \"Calvin?\" \"Mhmm.\" His hands traveled back up my dress to the neckline, and undid the first button. Then the next one. And the next. After a few of them, I started to feel coolness on my back and I shivered. I felt his hand rub my bare back. \"Are you cold?\" \"A little.\" \"I'll add more wood to the fire,\" he said, as he continued to undo the buttons. \"I should be fine as soon as I change.\" I felt the dress loosen significantly as he made his way down the row of buttons. \"Speaking of which, I think I should be fine to change now. Thank you.\" I tried to step away when I felt his hand grab my bare shoulder. \"Calvin?\" He started to massage my shoulders. His fingers caressed my neck. \"Calvin, I need to finish changing.\" \"That can wait until tomorrow.\" He started to kiss my neck. His beard was tickling my skin. \"Mr. Candie?\" I didn't know what to say. He stopped for a second only to say, \"I already told you to call me Calvin.\" I tried to turn around, but one of his arms had snaked around my waist and was holding me in place, flush against his chest. \"I'm sorry, Calvin. But I—\" I froze when he started pulling my right sleeve down my arm, exposing my chest. How was he moving so fast? I quickly yanked my dress back up and tried to get through to him. \"Calvin, you said that nothing would happen that I didn't want.\" I spoke quickly, hoping to stop this as soon as possible. \"You can't tell me you don't want this,\" he said, taking a break from kissing my neck to whisper into my ear. \"You want this just as much as I do. \"I don't–\" I quickly corrected myself. \"I mean, not yet, at least. I– I'm not ready, Calvin.\" By now I was trying to push my body away from him, but it was no use. He was too strong. \"I promise you'll enjoy it. There's no reason to be afraid.\" His arm was now under my dress, climbing up my leg. Climbing dangerously high. \"Please stop!\" But he didn't stop. There was no time to think of a plan. I just wanted him off me. Which is why I quickly snatched the candelabra off of the nightstand and swung it with all of my strength right behind my head. Instantly, his hands left my body and I heard a heavy thud behind me. I slowly turned around and squinted in the darkness, to where he lay motionless on the floor. \"Oh no.\" Hope you all enjoyed this one! Thank you all so so so much for your reviews! They are so sweet and they really motivate me to keep writing. xx[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 I stood still for a moment, waiting for him to get up. Or at least move or something. \"Calvin?\" No response. \"Oh no.\" I looked around the room, ready for someone to burst in and arrest me. \"Oh no no no no no.\" I remained still, waiting, but nobody came. I cursed myself. \"Obviously nobody's coming! We're the only ones in the house, you idiot!\" I quickly picked up the candelabra. Not only had the blow put out the flames, but it had knocked the candles out of their places. I picked a few of them up off the floor and ran to the fireplace to light them, sticking them into their places one by one. But I kept glancing behind me as I did so, waiting for him to get up and kill me. I didn't know whether to be more alarmed or relieved when I noticed that he wasn't moving at all. When I had enough light, I slowly walked back to where Calvin lay. Calling out softly to him as I did so. \"Calvin?\" No harm in trying again. \"Mr. Candie?\" Still no answer. \"It's ok, Kathryn. Everything is alright,\" I reassured myself. I was already standing right next to him. I knelt down and placed the candelabra right next to his head. There wasn't any blood. That was a good sign. I then noticed his chest rising and falling. \"Oh, thank you, Lord!\" I called out in relief. I nudged him in the shoulder. There was no response. Not even a twitch in his face. I quickly got up and started pacing the length of the room. \"Ok, everything is alright. Ok, ok, ok…\" My head snapped back to him. I couldn't just leave him there. If he woke up on the floor he would be mad. But maybe if I managed to get him into bed, he would maybe forget that I had struck him with the candelabra? He had been drinking a lot, maybe he'd believe that he just passed out? I decided that anything was better than waiting for him to wake up on the floor, so I quickly paced back to him and started pulling him up. Correction: tried to start pulling him up. He was considerably larger than me, and I had never picked up anyone before. \"This is what men are for, heavy lifting,\" I mumbled to myself as I pulled him up by both arms and finally got him into a sitting position. Then I shimmied behind him and cradled him in my chest and between my legs to prevent him from falling again. The irony of my current intimate position with him and what I had just done to prevent this intimacy was not lost on me. I wrapped my arms around his waist and pulled with all my might until I managed to launch us both on the bed, with him on top of me. \"Thank you Jesus!\" I wheezed to the heavens, despite his body suffocating me. With one forceful roll I rocked him onto the bed and freed myself, pausing to make sure he was still unconscious before sucking in a great gulp of air. \"Good job, Kathryn,\" I applauded myself, \"You did amazing!\" But what to do now? I looked back at him. Should I undress him? I wrinkled my nose. Better not, lest he wake up during it. I decided to just swing his legs onto the bed and lay his head comfortably on one of the pillows. Then I quickly ran back to the closet, took off my wedding dress and got into the lavender dress that I had picked out earlier. I made my way back to Calvin and got into bed next to him. I didn't know what to do, how to act with him when he finally woke up. Considering the fact that no one ever told me what to do in this kind of situation (did other people even get into these kind of situations?) I figured I just had to go with my gut and wing it. For now, though, I needed sleep. But after a few hours, I realized that sleep would probably never come. My nerves were shot, what with me worrying about my impending doom. The sun began to rise when Calvin started to stir, and my heart started hammering in my chest. But he didn't wake up until the sun had fully risen. As soon as I noticed him take a deep breath and start moving his arms, I quickly scrunched my eyes shut, before relaxing them into what I hoped was a passable sleeping look. I felt him moving on the bed while I was fighting my instinct to open my eyes to gauge his reaction. I was working hard to slow my breathing to appear more natural, but I felt like I needed more air. After what seemed like forever, I heard him leave the bed, walk to the door, open it, and leave, closing the door behind him. I stayed in my position, not daring to move. I wasn't sure if he actually did leave, or if he was testing me. My suspicions were answered a moment later when I heard him moving towards the bed. So he didn't leave! Sneaky bastard! Where's the trust?! Although I did have to remind myself that I had, in fact, knocked him out with a candelabra and then preceded to hide the evidence. I felt his weight shift the bed as he sat back down, this time on my side. I could tell that he was watching me. What else would he be doing? And I was running out of air. My slowed, sleepy breathing was proving to be a real struggle. I hoped I wasn't turning blue. But just then, there was a loud noise from downstairs, and I took the opportunity to pretend to wake up. I shifted and yawned, opening my eyes slowly. I could see him out of the corner of my eye, watching me, but I continued looking over to his side of the bed. I rubbed my eyes and slowly looked around the room until I met his gaze. \"Oh!\" I exclaimed, \"Good morning.\" \"Good morning Mrs. Candie,\" he drawled. I giggled. \"It's still crazy to hear that.\" He squinted at me. Maybe I was coming on too strong with the giggling. \"Sleep well?\" he asked, watching my face closely. \"Oh yes. Very! Your bed is very comfortable.\" I smiled at him. Oh my goodness stop acting like this or he's going to know! \"Mmm.\" He nodded his head slowly. \"Well, it's our bed now isn't it?\" \"Yes, I suppose that's true.\" I nodded, not too earnestly I hoped. \"How do you feel after last night?\" The moment of truth. I paused. \"Well, to be honest, I…\" I hesitated dramatically. \"I don't really remember much of last night.\" I quickly looked at him to see if he was buying it, but his face betrayed nothing. I continued, \"I guess the whiskey went straight to my head because last I remember, we were in the parlor watching the sunset.\" \"So you don't remember anything after that?\" he asked, watching my face closely. I shook my head in response. \"You don't remember changing into this dress?\" He gestured with his arm. I looked down, feigning shock, \"Wow!\" I breathed \"I don't understand. This- this isn't even my dress!\" I looked back at him. \"I'm so confused. What happened last night?\" He continued to watch me closely, his face stoic. Then, in true Calvin Candie fashion, his face became animated, he clapped his hands together and said, \"Well, we stayed downstairs in the parlor and watched the sunset until it was dark, and then you fell asleep so I carried you up here. I didn't want you sleeping uncomfortably in that dress so I had Cora and Denise change you.\" Liar! Or had the blow fogged up his memory? \"Oh,\" I nodded my head slowly. \"I guess that's why I don't remember anything after sitting down to watch the sunset.\" Determined to put this moment behind us and clear any doubt of what had happened last night from his mind, I looked up at him and, batting my lashes, said, \"Oh, Calvin, I'm sorry that I spoiled our first night together by falling asleep.\" \"Oh, no worries. We have a countless number of nights ahead of us.\" He leaned closer to me. \"And days, which we can start using to our advantage.\" He continued to lean in until his lips were on me. I let him kiss me, to keep him in a good, and hopefully trusting, mood. It wasn't a huge sacrifice on my part. I was finding that I actually enjoyed kissing him. For a man with such a hard personality, he was a surprisingly soft kisser. But I broke the kiss after a few minutes to say, \"Wait a minute…\" He looked slightly irritated, but looked at me expectantly. \"Why did they put me in this dress, instead of in a nightgown?\" \"Ahh…\" He blew air between his lips. \"To make things more special, I suppose?\" \"Huh. But-\" \"Well, it smells like breakfast and I am feeling just ravenous! We should go down and eat.\" ","Summary":" Chapter 1 It must have been the hottest day ever. Not that it meant anything, as this was my first "},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"The Wayfaring Stranger","Author":"Evelino11","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11853493","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A.N: I decided to write this story, because there isn't nearly enough Django Unchained fanfiction. (Definitely not enough with Schultz too.) This is purely written for the fun of it. Chapter 1: First impressions One lonesome cowboy rode without a care in the world on her grey and white coloured pinto. All the while whistling a merry tune, with only the trees and bushes of the woods as her audience. Her guitar, her most precious item, was strapped on her back. Once she arrived in a small town called Daughtrey, a gunshot rang out through the silence. Followed by a second shot and the screams of the townsfolks. She dismounted her horse in one fluent motion and saw everyone running in her direction. They scurried past her, not taking notice of the outsider. She stopped a young woman, who was supporting herself with a crutch. \"What happened?\" She asked the young woman in a stern, low voice. Her mouth covered by a green scarf. The girl looked petrified and in a state of shock. The cowboy snapped her fingers in front of the woman and repeated her question, yet this time there was a more urgent tone to it. Finally, The young woman seemed to take in the cowboy for the first time. Pure horror was written all over her face. \"They shot the sheriff! They shot him and now he's dead!\" The cowboy released her and the girl hurried away as fast as she possibly could, without any hesitation. A sigh escaped the cowboy. Please, don't let it be Peck. She thought. A lot of men, plus some women, gathered in front of the saloon, and on top of the roof opposite the saloon, with their guns in hand. She decided to make her way in a building diagonally opposite the saloon. She looked out of the window and saw a man fully clothed in black arrive at the crime scene. It wasn't long after his arrival that two men dragged the corpse away from the street. She couldn't identify the corpse, but she also didn't know what Willard Peck looked like. She opened the window slightly, so she would be able to hear everything. All of a sudden, a merry piano tune came out of the saloon. Everyone in front of the building looked bewildered when they heard the music. The man in black, she presumed he was the marshal, was the first one to speak. \"What kind of sick bastard first kills someone and then plays the piano?\" The marshal then raised his voice. \"You in the saloon!\" The piano stopped playing. Pity, he played pretty good. The stranger thought to herself. The marshal continued his speech. \"We've got a hundred riffles aimed at every way out of that building. You've got one chance to get out of there alive. You and your nigger, come out with your hands over your head and I mean right now!\" A new voice came from out of the saloon. \"First things first. Is this the marshal I have the pleasure of addressing?\" She listened from behind the window and raised her eyebrows at this. \"That's one strange fellow.\" She mused quietly. \"This is U.S. marshal Gill Tatum.\" The marshal answered, confirming her hypothesis. \"Wunderbar!\" The voice exclaimed pleased. She was a little shocked by this. First of all, he seemed to be from Germany. Second of all, he sounded happy to be in the presence of the marshal, a man of the law. And this, after he seemingly killed a man. A strange fellow, indeed. She thought. The German continued to speak to the marshal. \"I have relieved myself of all weapons and just as you have instructed, I am ready to step outside with my hands raised above my head. I trust as a representative of the criminal justice system of the United States of America, I shan't be shot down in the street, by either you or your deputies, before I've had my day in court.\" The marshal responded. \"You mean like our sheriff? Shot him down like a dog in the street.\" Touché. The German didn't seem to take the comment personal, like it was intended to be. \"Yes, that's exactly what I mean! Do I have your word as a lawman, that I will not be shot down like a dog in the street?\" \"Well, as much as we'd all enjoy seeing something like that, ain't nobody gonna cheat the hangman in my town!\" The marshal replied sincerely. So his choice is death now or death later? She pondered. \"Fair enough marshal, here we come.\" The German agreed. Soon after, she saw a white man and a black man walking out of the saloon, with their hands raised above their head. Just as they had been instructed to do. She noticed that the white man, held a paper in his right hand. \"You unarmed?\" The marshal asked them. The white man confirmed that they were indeed unarmed. He then started his speech with obvious confidence. \"Marshall Tatum, may I address you, your deputies, and apparently the entire town of Daughtrey, as to the incident that just occurred?\" She smiled at his choice of words. The marshal didn't, but affirmed that he could continue to say whatever he had to say. \"My name is Doctor King Schultz. Like yourself marshal, I am a servant of the court. The man lying dead in the dirt, who the good people of Daughtrey saw fit to elect as their sheriff, who went by the name of Bill Sharp, is actually a wanted outlaw by the name of Willard Peck, with a price on his head of two hundred dollars. That's two hundred dollars, dead or alive.\" When she heard that it was indeed Peck who had gotten killed, she grunted in annoyance. \"Dammit!\" The marshal obviously couldn't believe what Schultz had just told him. \"The hell you say?\" \"I'm aware this is probably disconcerting news. But I'm willing to wager that this man was elected sheriff sometime in the last two years?\" Schultz answered with a smug look on his face. The marshal nodded dumbfounded. The stranger would have laughed after seeing the look on the marshal's face, if she wasn't so irritated. \"I know this, because three years ago, he was rustling cattle from The B.C. Corrigan Cattle Company of Lubbock Texas.\" Schultz then pointed at the paper in his hand. \"Now this, is a warrant. Made out by circuit court Judge Henry Allen Laudermilk of Austin Texas. You are encouraged to wire him. He will back up who I am, and who your dear departed sheriff was.\" The townsfolks looked at each other and Schultz brought his arms down with a smile on his face. \"In other words marshal, you owe me two hundred dollars.\" Schultz finished smugly. His companion also dropped his arms and looked at the German as if he couldn't believe what had just occurred. Just like the marshal and every citizen of Daughtrey couldn't believe it. The stranger crossed her arms and stared at the doctor from where she stood. \"I think you and I need to have a little talk.\"[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Guten Abend Django and King left soon after the marshal payed King his two hundred dollars. Though, they didn't know that they were being followed. She made sure she stayed out of their sight. It was late in the afternoon when both men finally stopped near a rock formation. Django dismounted his horse and Schultz freed his horse from the wagon. The latter gave his horse an affectionate pat on the neck. She waited for a while, before she dismounted her horse as well one hundred feet away from their campsite, and stealthily sent towards them. She peered from behind a rock as to what they were doing and saw Django eating his supper and Schultz putting on his clothes. She instantly turned around to give the man some sort of privacy. Her face had transformed into a tomato in only a matter of second after seeing Schultz in his state of undress. The two men started to talk. Django told the doctor about his wife and how he wanted find her and buy her freedom once he and Schultz had dealt with the Brittles. She waited behind her rock until Django finished his story, because she herself was interested in what he had to say as well. And she had been dead silent the entire conversation, but fate decided otherwise. She had moved only the slightest bit, to be more comfortable in the squatting position, when a branch snapped beneath her foot. As she mumbled some curses and prayed, to whoever was listening, that her little mishap went unnoticed. It didn't. A click came from behind her and she froze in her tracks. \"Guten abend. Would you be so kind as to turn around with your hands raised above your head? Oh, and if you were wondering. My gun is pointing at the back of your head.\" King Schultz calm voice came from above her. She did as she was told, while also standing up right so she could look at him at eye level. Now that she could see him this close, she noticed that he had a well-groomed full beard. As he leaned in closer to take her gun, a whiff of his eau de cologne entered her nostrils. Wow, you've got a cool beard and you smell nice. What kind of bounty hunter are you? She wondered Her mouth was still covered by her scarf and her hair was tucked beneath her hat, so Schultz had no idea that it was a Fräulein who stood in front of him. He did raise an eyebrow for a second, when he noticed the guitar on her back. He motioned for her to go ahead to the campfire. \"After you.\" Django looked confused at the intruder. \"Who's that?\" He asked Schultz. \"And what's that on his back?\" The three of them stood in front of the fire. Schultz was still aiming his gun at their intruder, and he didn't take his eyes of her as he answered Django's question. \"That, Django, is a guitar. An instrument that produces sound as a result of the vibrations that are being produced when you pull the strings. Those vibrations go in the resonance-box, to strengthen the sound.\" Schultz answers. Django gave him a confused look. \"It makes music.\" Schultz clarifies. \"As to our guest, I would like to know that as well.\" She glanced at the both of them, hands still raised above her head, and decided that two could play this game. \"Who wants to know? Your wagon says dentist, but your gun says killer.\" She asked him in a well done, fake southern male voice. Mocking the little gun in his hand, as she pronounced killer. \"You know what they say about the size of a man's gun and his manhood?\" Django obviously did. He, unsuccessfully, tried to mask his laugh into a cough. Schultz squinted his eyes at her mockery. \"My name is Doctor King Schultz. My friend over there is Django.\" He began as he pulled the hammer of his revolver back. \"Now please, tell us who you are and lower your scarf.\" He was dead serious. She sighed and lowered her scarf, as well as her hat, without any hesitation. Fun's over . Both Django and Schultz were more or less shocked by the discovery that followed. Schultz looked at her in curiosity after recovering from the initial shock, and Django looked quite confused at the turn of events. She started to feel a little bit annoyed when they just kept staring at her, so she decided to end the uncomfortable silence. \"Hi.\" She said in her normal, yet foreign, accent to both men as a small smile graced her lips. Wow, you sure know how the break the ice, don't you? She thought to herself. Schultz lowered his gun, but still firmly held it in his hand, and she took this as a sign to slowly lower her hands. \"Well, my name is Nera.\" She turned to Django and shook his hand. A gesture that stunned Django, a man who had never seen any kindness of a white person towards him. All of that had changed in less than twenty-four hours. Nera walked towards Schultz to shake his hand. He carefully placed the revolver in the holster and took her hand. Her thin fingers seemingly lost in his strong but warm grip. She looked into his piercing blue eyes that had a brown ring around the pupil. He looked into her stormy grey eyes with great intensity. They held their staring competition, trying to find anything into the windows of the soul, until Django scraped his throat. The spell was broken and she took her hand out of his. Schultz also scraped his throat and addressed Nera. \"Would you mind telling us who you really are and why you were spying on us?\" She involuntarily thought back at the moment he dressed himself when he enunciated 'spying'. Her cheeks reddened slightly at the memory. \"I didn't… Alright, in theory, I did spy on you.\" She admitted. \"But that wasn't my intention!\" She defended herself. \"Please.\" Schultz sat down on a nearby rock and motioned with a hand gesture to do the same. \"Indulge us.\" She sat down and clasped her hands together, to warm up near the fire. When she spoke again, her eyes were aimed to the flames of the fire. \"Well, you kind of stole my bounty.\" Schultz looked confused at her statement and tried to explain himself. \"I did what? My dear, I don't know if you know this, but I had a warrant from Judge Henry Allen Laudermilk…\" \"Of Austin Texas. Yeah yeah, I know the buffoon as well.\" She finished his sentence. All the while drawing figures in the sand with a stick. \"Look, you may not know this out of experience, but being a female bounty hunter isn't really the most grateful job. They don't want to hire you because you don't have a penis or they give you the shitty jobs that don't even pay enough to buy a boot.\" Schultz and Django were stunned by her language. They had never heard a lady curse, let alone like that. \"Look.\" She said, observing the both of them. \"I'm not going to beat around the bushes, I really needed that money for reasons you don't have to know.\" Schultz absentmindedly stroked his beard and looked her dead in the eye. \"Well, if that's all it takes.\" He answered calmly as he reached for his wallet. \"No!\" She exclaimed in distress. \"I don't want your money.\" \"I'm sorry, but you've lost me.\" Schultz answered, trying to understand her unclear motives. \"I don't want you to give me your money.\" She explained. \"I want to have earned the money that gets into my hands.\" Schultz was confused, yet fascinated at the same time, by this strange woman. \"What do you suggest?\" \"I heard about your next bounty, when I wasn't really spying, and I want to join you.\" \"And why would I agree to that, my dear?\" She slightly squinted her eyes at the pet name. \"Because, I will follow you whether you like it or not.\" King took in what she said. He could understand why she wouldn't accept the money, how she only wanted to have earned her money. But that wasn't very common among a lot of men or women. \"Why?\" \"Because maybe then, I can finally break through. I can finally be a respected bounty hunter and not just a stupid girl who tries to be one of the big guys.\" That was the truth, but not the complete truth. As Schultz pondered about her proposition for a while, Nera became nervous and started to chew on her lips. \"Deal!\" The German exclaimed after a long silence, and he held out his hand. Her surprised expression quickly changed into a smile that could melt steel as she shook his hand in excitement. \"Deal! Now who's our bounty exactly?\" Schultz explained who they were looking for and what Django's role was in the whole ordeal. Schultz tried to get Nera to talk a little bit more about herself, and her motives to become a bounty hunter. But it was clear that she didn't wanted to talk about herself very much. Django then asked her to play the guitar, and even though Schultz didn't say it, he wanted to hear her play as well. The look on her face made it obvious that she felt anxious to play the guitar in front of them. And therefore, she declined the offer. But as soon as she saw the disappointment on Django's face, she felt bad for saying no and denying him one of life's small delights, after all he must have been through. \"What if I play over there?\" She pointed at a spot, roughly twenty meters in front of them in the dark. \"I just find it difficult to play in front of people I don't know.\" She admitted unsure. The two men nodded. She went to the spot and started to play Moonlight Sonata by Ludwig Von Beethoven. The doctor listened in awe, even though his face was void of any emotions. He hadn't heard Beethoven being played by someone else in five years. He watched how she stared into the darkness as she struck the strings with her skilled fingers . A German bounty hunter, a female guitar playing bounty hunter and a former slave. We make quite the trio. Schultz couldn't help but think to himself.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: We came in with a bang The next day, the three of them went to the big city, Chattanooga in Tennessee. They stopped at a store that sold servant uniforms at the back. Schultz explained to Django how they would all play a part, once they would have arrived at the Bennet plantation. Schultz would be the wealthy business man, Django would be his valet and Nera,well he hadn't quite figured that out. Django was trying on some hats and taking a look around the store as Schultz explained his masterplan. Nera was waiting outside, taking care of the horses. \"And your character is that of the valet.\" Schultz answered. \"What's that?\" Django inquired. Schultz thought about it for a second. \"That's a fancy word for servant.\" \"Valet? Hmm.\" \"And now Django, you may choose your costume.\" \"You're going to let me choose my own clothes?\" \"But of course.\" Schultz replied as if it was the most normal thing in the world, yet it was completely new to Django. The two of them came out of the shop as Nera was having a staring competition with her horse, Toek. She heard the two men approach her and turned her head to look at them. As soon as she saw Django, her eyes widened and her mouth dropped open in shock. Shultz was able to hide his amusement, when he noticed her reaction. Apart from the small, secret smile that graced his face, there was hardly any emotion visible on his face. She eventually got her facial expression in control. \"That's a… an unique outfit.\" She managed to say. She raised an eyebrow in confusion at Schultz. The doctor repeated the plan in short. \"Which leaves us with one final problem, your character. So, if you have any suggestions, feel free to share them with us.\" Nera was stroking Toek's neck, while thinking about who she could become in his play. \"I could go as your young daughter?\" Nera proposed. \"I mean, it might raise some suspicions if I went as your wife, since you're there to buy a girl in the eyes of the plantation owner.\" \"How old are you really?\" Django asked \"Twenty-five.\" \"And how are you going to make yourself look around ten years younger?\" Schultz asked. The look of determination in her eyes didn't went unnoticed by the two men. \"Watch me.\" \"This is one of those time I'm grateful that Mother Nature gave me small breasts and a height of 165 centimetres.\" Nera exclaimed as she fidgeted in the pink dress she had chosen. It had a bow around the waist, which made her frown at in disdain every time she looked at it. Her hair was in a cute bun and she was wearing the bandage around her breast to make them look even smaller. Django and Schultz were amazed when she was all done with her make over. They both felt admiration and slightly freaked out, at how easily she could make herself look like a fourteen- year old girl. \"What?\" She asked at their stares. \"Nothing.\" Both men had answered at the same time. Nera was sitting next to Schultz on his wagon, since it wasn't appropriate for women to ride a horse on a regular saddle instead of a two pommel sidesaddle. Her gun was tied across the inside of her left thigh and her dagger was tied on the right one. She had made sure that her guitar was safely placed inside the wagon. They were nearing the big white house of Spencer Bennet, when said man strode out of the door, on the second floor, to the balcony. As they stopped in front of the house, Bennet broke the silence. \"It's against the law for niggers to ride horses on this territory.\" \"This is my valet. My valet does not walk.\" Schultz answered without missing a beat. But Bennet wasn't having any of it. \"I said niggers on horses…\" \"His name is Django.\" Schultz interrupted \"And Django is a free man. He can ride when he pleases.\" He finished with a smile on his face. With his hand on his hip, Bennet became annoyed with the stranger. \"Not on my property. Not around my niggers he can't.\" Schultz realised that a different approach would be necessary. \"My good sir. Perhaps we got off on the wrong boot.\" He started to remove his gloves. \"Allow me to unring this bell. My name is Dr. King Schultz. This is my lovely daughter Nera.\" She gave Bennet a timid, yet sweet smile. \"Over there is my valet, Django. And these are our horses, Tony, Toek and Fritz.\" At the calling of his name, Fritz bowed and the girls near the house all giggled. Nera listened to their conversation and wasn't surprised when Bennet suddenly became very friendly, as Schultz offered him five thousand dollars to buy a girl. She inwardly rolled her eyes at the plantation owner. Schultz was going to discuss business with Bennet and Betina was going to give Django a sightseeing tour around the property. She was already with her feet on the ground as she addressed Schultz. \"Papa! May I see the domain on my own? It's just so pretty!\" She asked innocently. Schultz gave his most fatherly smile. \"Of course dear, but stay near the house. That would be alright for you mister Bennet, wouldn't it?\" \"I don't see why not.\" The plantation owner answered, ready to say almost anything if that would mean he'd get five thousand dollars out of the German. Maybe even more. With that, Schultz went inside with Bennet and Django followed Betina as she started to show him around. Nera went on her own to find the Brittle brothers. They'd figured that if they would split up, they'd have a bigger chance of finding them. Nera was trying to look for the Brittles, with the description Django had given her from the three men. A stout build grey haired one, a gangly built one and one with an eyepatch. Oh yeah and they're all white, sadistic assholes. She heard screaming and headed to where it came from. When she arrived at the scene, Nera saw a black woman, most likely a couple years younger than her, struggling against a white, unwashed man. There was also a second man, holding a whip in his hand. The poor woman was crying out for mercy, but the two men wouldn't give any of it to her. The gangly and younger man was about to tie her to the tree. Gangly looking man, check. Stout build grey haired man, check. Both sadistic assholes? It sure looks like that. That big one looks a lot like Saint Nicolas! \"Excuse me!\" She called out. \"But would you mind letting her go?!\" The two men turned to look at her and were confused to see a young girl, with such a pissed off look on her face. \"This ain't nothing for a little girl. Go away and play with your dolls.\" The oldest one of the two said. \"Let her go, sir.\" She enunciated every word very clearly. She was about to draw her gun, when Django appeared in the scene. \"John Brittle!\" Django called out. Said Brittle brother turned around, and apparently he couldn't believe his eyes, if you could believe the look on his face. Django came closer to the eldest brother. \"You remember me?\" Django asked him. Seconds later, John Brittle got shot by Django. John looked from the bullet wound to Django in wonder. As if it was all just a bad dream. \"I like the way you die boy.\" Django told him. Soon after, John fell dead to the ground. Roger Brittle finally realised the seriousness of the situation. He swore as he tried to grab his gun. Django grabbed the whip of the late John Brittle and was about to strike Roger, but Nera had beaten him. The moment John fell to the ground, she had taken the dagger that was attached to her right thigh. She noticed Roger's coming back to his senses and aimed the dagger at him. It hit him straight in his right hand. He cried in pain and agony and took the dagger out of his hand in shock. This caused him to cry out even harder. He clutched his hand as the blood oozed out of it. He dropped to the ground, mostly due to the shock, still yelling in pain and agony. Django took Roger's gun from the ground and looked at all the bystanders. \"Y'all want to see something?\" He walked towards Roger Brittle in fury. Nera looked away as Django shot all the remaining five bullets in to the second Brittle brother. Schutz arrived mere moments later on Tony, with his rifle ready in his hand. He quickly dismounted the horse and looked at the dead bodies. \"Who are they?\" He asked puzzled. \"That's Big John and that's Little Raj.\" Django pointed at them with the gun. \"Where's Ellis?\" Schultz asked. \"He's the one hightailing across that field over there.\" Nera could see a figure galloping in the distance, probably alarmed by the gunshots. Schultz aimed his rifle at the man who was getting away. \"You sure that's him?\" He asked Django, without taking his eyes of the target. \"Yeah.\" \"Positive?\" \"I don't know.\" \"You don't know if you're positive?\" \"I don't know what positive means.\" Nera answered him. \"It means you're sure.\" \"Yes.\" Django replied. \"Yes what?\" King was getting a little irritated by the way their conversation was going. \"Yes, I'm sure that's Ellis Brittle.\" And it didn't take the doctor a moment longer to pull the trigger. Ellis got shot and fell of his horse to the ground. \"I'm positive he's dead.\" Django said. Nera saw how Bennet, his overseers and many others were coming straight at them. She addressed Schultz and Django in a hushed voice. \"Schultz! Django! Turn around!\" They did as they were told and saw the angry mob coming in their direction, with a fuming Bennet leading the mob. King dropped the rifle and put his hands in the air. \"Django! Nera!\" He motioned them to do the same. They did and the group came to a stop in front of them, with several guns pointed at the three of them. \"Everybody calm down, we mean no one else any harm.\" Schultz tried to calm the group. Bennet aimed his gun at Schultz. \"Who are you three jokers?\" \"I am Doctor King Schultz, a legal representative of the Criminal Justice System of the United States of America. To my left is Django Freeman, he's my deputy. To my right is Nera…\" He looked at Nera since he didn't know her last name. He just hadn't thought about asking her about it. Nera completed his sentence. \"Elsander. I'm his partner.\" Schultz listened and decided that he would think about this new piece of information later on. He then explained that the three men, Bennet thought were the Schaffers, were in fact the wanted Brittles. He did this with the help of Django. The overseers dropped their guns as Schultz explained that the penalty for killing a man of the law was indeed the gallows. He showed Bennet the warrant, who took his time to examine the piece of paper. As Bennet handed the warrant back to Schultz, he instructed the smaller man one last thing. \"Get off my land.\" Schultz nodded his head. \"Post haste.\" He placed the warrant back in his wallet and turned to address Django and Nera. \"Load up the bodies as quickly as you can and let's get out of here.\" The three Brittle brothers were lying dead on the horses in no time. Bennet looked at them as they left the plantation. Nera briefly glanced back at the enraged plantation owner and turned to look ahead. \"There's no way he's going to let this slide.\" \"Not to worry Miss Elsander.\" She flinched at hearing her common title. It had been a long time since anyone had used it. \"All good thing come to those who wait.\" \"What about not so good thing?\" \"Well, on man's misfortune is another man's opportunity.\" A.N: 165 centimeters is the same as 5 feet and 4 inches. Django does not have his monocular here.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: And left with a bam They went to an open field, the wagon in plain view for everyone to see. Schultz freed Tony from the wagon as Django put on the winter jacket from the late Ace Speck, since he had no other clothes. Nera went in the wagon and changed into her normal cowboy outfit. She came out of the wagon in her regular clothes with a content look on her face. It feels good to wear my trousers again! She thought. Django and Nera then went out to find some wood for the campfire. They collected the wood in silence at first, until Django started to speak. \"I haven't thanked you yet, for saving my ass with Little Raj. So… Thank you.\" He didn't look at Nera as he spoke, but she could hear the sincerity of his words. She smiled at him. \"You're welcome.\" Her face then turned into one of compassion. \"Those Brittles, you must have really hated them for what they did to you and your wife, right?\" Django stopped gathering wood and looked her in the eyes. \"How do you know?\" \"The way you looked at them and the way you shot Little Raj told me enough.\" She answered him with sympathy. Django didn't know what to say and just nodded. They fell into a comfortable silence as they continued to gather branches and returned to the camp. Schultz was studying a map, when Nera and Django returned. They dropped the branches on the ground and Django started to make a fire. \"So, what are we going to do with Big Daddy?\" Nera asked. \"What about him?\" Django questioned, keeping his gaze focused on the task at hand. Nera sat down on the ground near the campfire. \"There is no way that Big Daddy will let a black man kill a bunch of white folks on his territory in front of all his black slaves to see, and be fine with it.\" Nera voiced her suspicions with loathing as she spoke about Bennet. \"Exactly!\" Schultz was pleased to know that Nera was on the same page as him. \"Now here's what we're going to do.\" \"Sure you two don't want to play another game?\" Nera asked Schultz and Django with a grin on her face. The three of them had been hiding for over half an hour in a big tree across the field, after they had taken everything of importance out of the wagon and put some dynamite in the wobbly tooth. They had been playing Blackjack to pass the time. But Django and Schultz didn't want to play anymore, because Nera had won most of the time. Django was the first one to spot the torches in the distance. \"Look, over there!\" He exclaimed, pointing at the light in the distance. \"What the hell are they doing?\" Django asked Schultz and Nera. They were observing the situation high-up in the tree. About thirty men on horseback, were carrying torches and guns. They all just sat on their horses, apparently listening to the two other men in front of them. \"Whatever it is they're doing, they're not really trying to be subtle.\" Nera answered. She then remembered her mini-monocular that lay forgotten in the inner pocket of her vest. \"I've got an idea boys.\" Schultz and Django watched how she took her mini-monocular out of her vest and used it to spy on the group. Django had never seen the strange object before, Schultz on the other hand, did recognise it for what it was. \"Oh, well hello Big Daddy. What a surprise!\" She said. \"What's that?\" Django asked. Nera looked away from the monocular and turned to Django. She handed him the small object. \"Here. Just hold it against one eye and look through it.\" Django did as he was told. \"Wow. Wow! How does it do that?\" He asked her, as he continued to watch the group. \"Science.\" Django handed the monocular back to Nera. She took it and held it out to Schultz. \"Our captain should be able to see the dangers of the sea as well.\" She told him with a small smile that managed to reach her eyes. He kept her gaze for a moment too long and then took the monocular without saying a word. He observed them as they stood there for another five more minutes, seemingly arguing. After Bennet became angry at his followers, they all put their bag on their head and raced towards the abandoned wagon, yelling nonsense. \"Wow, they are definitely not trying to be subtle now.\" Nera snorted. Schultz handed the monocular back to her and aimed for the wobbly tooth. \"Auf Wiedersehen.\" Schultz murmured, before firing his riffle and blowing up his wagon. The explosion was enormous and painful to the ears all the way up the tree. Big Daddy was one of the men that instantly fell of their horses, due to the impact of the blow. Django chuckled as he watched the explosion and Schultz was quite proud of his well-aimed shot. \"Bullseye.\" \"Look at them run!\" Django exclaimed in wonder. Schultz gave them a knowing look. \"Yeah, cowards do that.\" He pointed out as he reloaded his rifle. \"Damn.\" Schultz aimed to shoot at Bennet, but then he looked back at Django and handed him the rifle. \"Would you care to?\" Django doubted for only a split second, before he took the weapon in his hands. By that time, Bennet had finally found his strength and he had been able to get on the horse. He was galloping away, the last one of the group. \"He's getting away.\" Schultz reminded Django. Django replied without taking his eyes of the target. \"I got him.\" \"Big Daddy is getting away.\" \"I got him.\" And then, he fired one bullet. Followed by Big Daddy falling of his horse. He was dead before he hit the ground. Nera briefly raised her eyebrows at the perfect shot. \"He's got him.\" She marvelled, amazed by Django's newfound skills. She wasn't the only one who was surprised to find out, that they had a natural shooter in their midst. \"The kid's a natural.\" Schultz laughed. \"Let's get out of this tree.\" \"Now we're talking!\" Nera muttered happily, exited get out of there at last. She would most likely never willingly admit it to anyone, but she was a little bit afraid of heights. The Blackjack and the explosion had taken her mind of her current position. Now, all she wanted to do, was getting the heck out of the big oak tree. She was able to descend almost seven meters, before one of her feet slipped. \"Whoa!\" She yelped in the act of losing her balance and plummeting to the ground. \"Nera!\" Schultz yelled as he tried to grab her hand to no avail. Lucky for her, the height of the fall was less than three meters. She also had been able to turn around to save her back from a very painful fall and her guitar from being smashed into a million pieces. Instead, she fell on her feet, but it wasn't a flawless fall. \"Aagh!\" She groaned as she clutched her right ankle in the fetal position. Schultz and Django descended the tree as quick as they could and approached her worriedly. \"Where does it hurt?\" Schultz calmly asked Nera as he supported her back and took her hand in his, without thinking about it. She grunted. \"My right ankle! I just lost from the ground. Ground 1, Nera 0.\" He smiled as he fondly squeezed her hand. \"Well, at least your sense of humour is still intact.\" \"Yay me.\" Django took her ankle in his hands. \"Hold still.\" He ordered. He carefully moved her foot in several directions, causing her to hiss in pain at certain angles. After a minute, he released her foot. \"It's not broken. Probably just sprained. You're lucky that it isn't more serious. \" \"Yes, I feel so very grateful right now.\" She scoffed sarcastically. \"Sorry Django, pain makes me even more sarcastic. How did you know that it's sprained?\" \"I've seen my share of broken and bruised bones. You would be crying out in pain like you were about to die, if it was really broken.\" The two men helped her up on her feet. Schultz put her arm around his shoulder and he supported her as she wobbled to her horse. Nera made a first effort to get on her horse, which didn't work out. Schultz tried to assist her, but she refused. \"I can handle it.\" She told him in a kind, but firm manner. But when she tried to get on her horse a second time, and failed again, she felt like a helping hand would be necessary. She sighed and turned around to face Schultz. \"Alright, I cannot handle it. Would you please help me get on my horse?\" Swallow the pride Nera, swallow the pride. \"But of course Fräulein.\" He helped her up by her waist. \"Thanks.\" She took the reins in her hands, just as she felt someone get on her horse behind her. She turned her head sharply and took in the features of a certain German, sitting close behind her. \"Hey! I can perfectly ride on my own horse, thank you very much.\" \"Well, we wouldn't want you to fall of your horse after you just fell out of a tree, now would we?\" He replied most innocently as he took the reins. Oh, that's low buddy . She grumbled some incoherent words, Schultz spurred Toek and off they went. The man had a smug smile plastered on his face over his little victory. Nera couldn't help but notice the ridiculousness of the situation and how very cliché it was. \"I feel like a fucking damsel in distress.\" She blurted out, making the man behind her laugh. But she did accept her defeat, since she let Schultz spur Toek, unsure of how she felt being this close to this man.[Chapter 5] A.N: I would like to thank MorganeChelsa, somuchforu, RavenHuffle and JackSparrowsWench92 for following the story and/or adding it to your favorites! Alright, let the next chapter start in three, two, one and START! Chapter 5: The tale that started it all They made a new camp, after riding for over half an hour. Django made the fire. After he helped Nera take a seat on a nearby boulder, Schultz prepared their dinner. They ate in silence. No more than five words had been spoken the entire time, until Django asked Schultz a question. \"How did you know Broomhilda's first masters were German?\" Schultz swallowed the bite of food, before he answered the younger man. \"Brünnhilde is a German name. If they named her, it stands to reason they'd be German.\" \"Lots of gals where you're from named Broomhilda?\" \"Brünnhilde is the name of a character in one of the most popular of all the German legends.\" \"There's a story about Broomhilda?\" Schultz was still chewing his food this time when he replied. \"Oh yes, there is.\" Django put the rest of his dinner aside and slowly made his way towards the German. \"Do you know it?\" \"Oh, every German knows that story.\" Django sat down in front of Schultz. He stared expectantly at the other man. \"Would you like me to tell you?\" The doctor asked him. Django nodded his head once. Schultz started to tell the legend of Brünnhilde and her hero, Siegfried. Django interrupted the German a couple of times to ask a question. Nera was also listening to the tale with interest. When Schultz neared the end of his story, both he and Nera could see that Django wasn't so different from Siegfried. \"He walks through hellfire, because Brünnhilde is worth it.\" Schultz finished the story. There was a moment of silence. \"I know how he feels.\" Django told Schultz, his voice filled with sadness. Schultz looked at Django and spoke in understanding. \"I think I'm just starting to realise that.\" Another silence followed, as Schultz tried to find the right words. Django kept looking straight ahead. The pain he felt was hidden by a mask of indifference. But one could not miss how his pain hung in the air as he watched how the light of the fire reflected on the rock in front of him. He didn't look away as Schultz moved to sit elsewhere. The bounty hunter's voice was gentle. The compassion he felt was hard not to notice. \"Look Django, I don't doubt that one day you will save your lady love.\" Django slightly shook his head at this. He would fight dragons and more if it meant that he and his wife could be back together. \"But I'm afraid I can't let you go to Greenville in a good conscious.\" Django turned his head to look at Schultz, finally making eye contact with the other man. \"The slave auction town in Mississippi isn't a place for you to visit.\" Django turned his head away to look at the reflection of the light again, breaking the eye contact. \"Free or not. It's just too dangerous.\" Schultz continued. Nera spoke softly, for the time since they had arrived. \"Please understand Django. If you go now, your freedom will be taken from you again. You will be right back where you ended. The possibility of getting your wife's freedom, whilst being a slave, is very near to non-existent. Almost impossible\" Django peered at her. He couldn't imagine how he would be able to find his wife, if he were to be captured and sold as a slave again. Schultz nodded once to affirm her statement, and the tone of the man's voice changed audibly. A flicker of cheer curiosity was audible when he asked the following question. \"Let me ask you a question.\" He moved to sit right in front of Django. \"How do you like the bounty hunting business?\" \"Killing white folks and they pay you for it? What's not to like?\" \"I have to admit, we make a good team.\" Nera thought she saw Schultz glimpsed at her after he said that. But she wasn't quite sure whether or not she'd only imagined it. Django couldn't completely believe what Schultz just told him. \"I thought you were mad at me for killing Big John and Little Raj?\" Schultz didn't beat around the bushes when he answered him. \"Yeah, on that occasion you were a tad overzealous. Little Raj could have killed you if it wasn't for Nera. But normally, that's a good thing.\" \"How'd you like to partner up for the winter?\" Schulz asked curiously. \"What do you mean, partner up?\" Django questioned in confusion. \"You work with me through the winter till the snow melts. I'll give you a third of my bounties. So we make some money this winter and when the snow melts, I'll take you to Greenville myself and we'll find where they send your wife.\" Django was, understandably, a bit suspicious towards the bounty hunter's offer. He pondered for a moment, before he gave answered. \"Why do you care what happens to me? Why do you care if I find my wife or not?\" \"Frankly… I've never given anybody their freedom before. And now that I have, I feel vaguely responsible for you.\" Django thought about what the man just told him. \"Plus, when a German meets a real-time Siegfried, that's kind of a big deal. As a German, I am obliged to help you on your quest to find your beloved Brünnhilde.\" They stared into each other's eyes and kept staring when Django removed the glove from his right hand. He extended his now exposed right hand to Schultz. A sign that he was willing to seal the deal. Schultz looked at Django's hand for a split second before he shook it. Schultz looked at his new partner. More specifically, at the clothes Django was wearing. \"How about we get you an outfit in the morning? I presume you'll want to wear something different to look more like a bounty hunter instead of a valet.\" Django leaned slightly forward. \"Okay, can I keep the jacket?\" \"Of course you can Django. I think the late Mr. Speck wouldn't have it any other way.\" The both of them had momentarily forgotten about their female colleague, as they kept on talking. But when the conversation ended, they both heard the slow breathing. At one point, she had just fallen asleep on the boulder. Both men couldn't help but smile as she lay there in the starfish position like a baby. \"I believe we make a most unusual trio.\" Schultz declared proudly. A thoughtful expression crossed his face as he regarded the sleeping Nera. Without saying a word, he stood up and took one of his spare blankets. He quietly went to her and placed the fabric over her body, being the gentleman that he was. She hummed in her sleep as the blanket started to make her feel less cold. In the dead of night, one could not deny that winter was coming. The sun arose soon enough. Nera was the first one, to arise under the new light of day. She kept her eyes closed as she woke up, drowsiness overpowering her body for a little while longer. Why do I feel like I slept on a rock? She felt the boulder on which she lay. Oh, right. I did. She rubbed the sleep out of her eyes. Schultz and Django were still asleep on the ground and the fire from the night before, had extinguished itself earlier on in the morning. She made a move to get off the boulder. But as she got off and put her weight on her feet, a pain shot straight through her right ankle. A sharp hiss escaped her mouth, before she muttered curses as she sat back down. I forgot about that. Schultz immediately sat up after he heard her. Seems like we've got a light sleeper in our midst . Nera assumed. The doctor looked around in confusion, until his eyes were set on Nera. \"Good morning.\" He whispered, aware that his other companion was still asleep. \"Morning.\" She answered with a sheepish smile. \"Sorry for waking you up.\" \"That's alright. It was about time I got up.\" And he did exactly that. \"I'll make us some coffee.\" Her head perked up at the mention of coffee. \"That would be great!\" She answered happily. She casted a guilty glance at Django, to see if she had woken him up as well. But the man was still asleep. After Schultz had lit up the fire and made coffee, he went to Nera with two cups of coffee in his hands. He handed her one cup and sat next to her. \"Prosit.\" \"Santé.\" She answered, taking Schultz by surprise. He watched how a content smile came upon her lips as she took her first sip of coffee. Her eyelids closed momentarily in pure bliss. \"You speak French?\" He asked with interest, meanwhile hoping for some sort of conformation on her origins. \"Sort of.\" She didn't meet his gaze as she answered him matter-of-factly. \"Pardon me, but what do you mean by 'sort of'?\" This time she did meet his gaze. She replied with a mischievous smile \"What? Are you expecting some story of my life. Where I come from and how I learned it?\" He nodded his head. \"Expecting? No. Hoping? Yes. But I guess you're not going to tell me. Am I right?\" \"Yes, you are. But I will give you a hint, detective. I am not French.\" \"German?\" \"Nein, but you're getting close.\" He stroked his beard as he pondered. \"The Netherlands?\" \"No, though you would be right twenty-eight years ago, but not today.\" Nera could see, by the look on his face, that he understood. He knew what she meant. They sat together in silence for a while. \"How much did you hear last night, before you fell asleep?\" Nera was grateful that he had dropped the subject, for now. She felt comfortable with Django and Schultz, but that didn't mean she wanted to place herself in a vulnerable position. She knew that knowledge could mean power, in more ways than one. \"You two shaking hands is the last thing I remember.\" He nodded. \"We're going to a nearby town after breakfast for some clothes and the necessities. Do you want to join us?\" She couldn't tell if he only meant going to the town or something else, when he asked her to join them. She answered him nonetheless, without any doubt. \"Alright.\" It appears that Game of thrones made a cameo. I hope that whoever is reading this, enjoys the story![Chapter 6] Chapter 6: From two to three. A.N: Alright, it has been a very long time since I updated, I'm really sorry! Thanks to everyone who reads, favorites, follows and/ or reviews! It means a lot! I own nothing but my OC. It was never verbally agreed that Nera would stay with Django and Schultz. But in some cases, there's just no need for it. After the three of them had breakfast, they wrapped everything up and prepared themselves to travel to the nearest town. This time, Nera would ride with Django. The two men were quite surprised to see that she didn't put up much of a fight. She grumbled and sighed, but did as she was told. \"What happened to Miss I-Can-Do-It-By-Myself?\" Django mocked, after helping her on his horse. \"Too tired. The coffee didn't do the trick.\" Came her reply, supported by a long yawn. \"So, if you find me drooling on your jacket whilst being asleep, try not to throw me off, please.\" \"I make no such promises.\" He jested amicably. They arrived close to noon in a small town. It was decided that they would bring the bodies of the Brittle brothers to the local authorities, first and foremost. The local sheriff eyed them with suspicion, as they handed over the corpses. But luckily, the man didn't ask too many questions. Once they had collected the reward, each bounty hunter went their own way. Django and Schultz dropped Nera off at the doctor's office. After that, Django went to a local store to buy some clothes and a new saddle, while Schultz bought some supplies for their trip into the mountains. After half an hour, Nera left the doctor's office, supported by a pair of crutches. \"Damn tree, damn ankle, damn crutches.\" She mumbled as she sat down on the front porch. She observed the passers-by to pass the time. Her attention was called when a little girl walked over to where she was sitting. \"Excuse me, Miss. But why are you dressed like a boy?\" She asked with pure innocence and a strong southern drawl. Nera guessed that the girl couldn't be any older than eight. \"Well, I like to wear things that are comfortable. And trust me. In a couple of years, you'll know why I don't wear fancy gowns, corsets or whatever the latest fashion has in store for you.\" She said. The girl opened her mouth to say something, but she was cut off as her mother stormed over and grabbed her by the arm. \"Amelia! How dare you disappear like that?!\" She angrily condescended her frightened daughter. \"It's all right, Miss. She just wanted to ask me a question.\" Nera interjected, trying to diffuse the situation. Apparently, the woman hadn't even noticed her before Nera spoke. Her eyes nearly bulged out of her eye sockets, as she seized the cowboy up. The woman looked at Nera with a look of disgust, like she was covered in horseshit. And Nera couldn't make a better comparison, since it was the exact look her brother gave her when she very much covered in horse faeces. \"Let's go!\" The mother of the child declared, making it quite clear that there was no room for any argument. Hurriedly, she dragged her daughter away from a downhearted Nera. \"Mother of the year.\" The cowboy grumbled, feeling sorry for the little girl. Not long after that unpleasant encounter, Schultz and Django strolled towards her, having finished their own business and shopping. Nera couldn't suppress a grin as she eyed Django. \"I must say, Django.\" She started. \"This is the best outfit I have seen on you so far.\" It sure is an improvement, compared to the blue valet outfit. \"Very bounty hunter-isch.\" The two men had also noticed her state of impairment. She noticed them exchanging glances and answered them before they could ask her about it. \"It's just a sprain, guys. The doc said I can't put any weight on it for at least five days.\" She stood up, and together they made their way to the stables. \"So, what's the target, commander.\" She inquired of Schultz, since she hadn't used any nicknames for Django, in the past. He didn't seem to mind her use of nicknames for him. Although, he did wonder if she would ever call him by his first name. \"He is known as John Silver, but his real name is Smitty Bacall. I recently found one of his associates, Gerald Nash. And after I made sure he wasn't executed, he gave me the current location of Smitty Bacall. They had continued writing letters to one another, after the gang split up.\" \"How long will it take to get there?\" Django asked. \"If my calculations are correct, approximately a week or so if we don't run into any trouble on the way. Oh, and I hope you have a winter coat, Nera.\" \"That I do.\" She answered as they entered the stables. Without hesitating, she 'walked' towards her own horse, only to be pulled back by a strong hand. \"Don't think so.\" She heard Django say firmly. He let go of her to put a new saddle on Tony. You fall out of a tree once and you're branded for life. She gave them her most pleading look. I really don't want to bounce against someone on a horse for five days. But it wasn't enough to change their mind. And so she ended up on Fritz, seated behind Schultz, feeling defeated and annoyed at the prospect of the following five days. Her cheeks involuntarily started to heat up and turn red as Schultz wrapped her arms around his torso. These are going to be longest days of my life . She told herself as they rode off. But in the following week, the trio fell into a comfortable routine. Every couple of hours, they would take a brief pause. When they were too tired, they would make a camp. Nera or Schultz had taken it upon themselves to teach Django in the art of reading and writing. And they were proud to see him make fast progress. He had told them beforehand that he had tried to teach himself to read and write, whilst still being enslaved. A dangerous thing to do when you're a slave, cause there aren't many owners who would want a slave to educate himself. At least, if it isn't beneficial for the owners themselves. Nera persisted and used her crutches for five days straight, unable to comprehend how one could do that for the rest of their life. So on the sixth day, she hesitantly took a few steps. Even though her ankle was still a bit sore, she could walk without much of a problem. She couldn't be more pleased to have regained the independence she had taken for granted. On the eve of the seventh day, Schultz informed his company, as he held a map in his hands, that they were close to their destination. And the next day around noon, they got ready at a vantage point on a hill. From there, they were able to oversee an entire farm. The bounty hunters were lying on to ground, so they wouldn't be detected. \"Stay down on the ground, or he'll see us.\" Schultz informed his companions. \"A farmer? Why would he care if he saw us?\" Django inquired befuddled. Schultz turned towards his male companion. \"I presume he would care, since he's about to get shot. That man over there is Smitty Bacall.\" He announced and gave Django the riffle. \"The honour is all yours.\" Django took hold of the weapon and aimed for the man in the field. But Schultz noticed the young man's hesitation as Django didn't pull the trigger. \"Ooh. What happened to Mr. I-Wanna-Kill-White-Folks-For-Money'?\" Schultz jested. Nera spoke for the first time since they had settled on top of the hill. \"Gosh, doc. Maybe the point of shooting a man in front of his son, makes him feel uncomfortable?\" She voiced her opinion. Schultz now turned his attention towards her. \"Why? He'll have a loved one with him. Who knows, they might share some heart to heart last words. Most don't get that and it's a damn sight better than he deserves.\" He looked back at an uncertain Django. \"Put down the riffle. Don't worry, I'm not mad at you.\" Schultz retrieved the wanted poster from his wallet and handed the piece of paper over to Django. \"Read it aloud. That's todays lesson.\" Schultz told him. Django did as he was told. His reading skills had improved to a point where he could almost fluently read the words. He finished reading all the members of the Smitty Bacall gang. \"Well done, Django. Now that's who Smitty Bacall really is.\" He said, pointing to the face on the poster. \"If Smitty Bacall would have wanted to start a farm at twenty-two, they would never have printed this. \"But Smitty Bacall wanted to rob stagecoaches and he didn't mind killing innocent people doing so.\" He folded the paper and put it back in his wallet. \"Do you want to save your wife by doing what I do? This is what I do. I kill people and sell their corpses. His corpse is worth seven thousand dollars. Now quit your pussyfooting and shoot him.\" \"Can I propose an alternative?\" Nera quickly interfered before any shots could be fired. She didn't know why, but a small part of her expected them to be mad or annoyed as she was about to voice her opinion. The kind look on their face and the gentle nod for her to continue talking, made her appreciation and respect for them grow even more. At that moment, she was one hundred percent sure that they saw her as an equal, as a partner. And somehow, that small gesture made her the happiest she had been in a long time. Goddamit! Don't get emotional now, Nera! You've got to deal with the situation at hand. She scraped her throat, praying that her voice would be normal. \"I suggest we wait and try to deal with him once he's alone. Dead or alive is something we'll just have to see at the moment. I am against killing him in front of his son. For his son's sake. We've been riding for a week. Surely there is no harm in waiting a little longer?\" She could see how they were thinking about her idea. To give an example, she pointed at the outhouse, which was placed around thirty meters away from the main house. \"I mean, he'll have to take a dump at some point. And I'm pretty sure he'll be alone by then. What if we trap him right then and there?\" She asked hopefully. Schultz was the first one to reply. \"I agree to take a different approach. But this is your bounty Django, so this is your call.\" Django looked back at Smitty and his son for a couple of seconds, making up his mind, before deciding what to do. \"We'll wait.\" A.N: I had trouble writing this chapter because of the Smitty Bacall bounty. The humanizing versus the bounty part. But hey! Looks like we're taking a different turn from the movie. I also took inspiration for some of the dialogue from the graphic novel that was created after the film came out. 30 meters is 98,4 feet. I'm really glad this one has been written. Really glad. If you want to let me know what you think of it, I'd be happy to read that. PS: Sorry for any remaining spelling mistakes or grammatical errors. ","Summary":" A.N: I decided to write this story, because there isn't nearly enough Django Unchained fanfiction. "},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"Bambi","Author":"One of Those Faces","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7427511","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Leaving a Legacy in Peace Bee's P.O.V. Where would you like me to begin? Exam day. I always hated it as a kid so I naturally felt sympathy for poor little Speed Racer. I guess in this flashback… Rex was supposed to pick up Speed so I began to walk home knowing that Speed's school let out soon. I held my books tightly to my chest as I walked down the sidewalk and my yellow dress flowed behind me. My black hair was tied up with a satin yellow ribbon and I was wearing a pair of black converse with yellow stripes on the side. Then there was the distinct sound of an engine roaring towards me. I gasped and turned around to see the Mach 5 behind me with Rex behind the wheel. He smirked as I leaned in the driver's side. \" I thought you were supposed to be picking up Speed…\" I stated curiously. \"I am.\" \" Rex…\" \" What? We can still make it. Hop in.\" \" What about when Speed has to get in the car.\" \" You can just sit in my lap.\" \" Rex!\" \" Get in Bambi.\" I grumbled about him using my name as I climbed into the Mach 5. Rex and I aren't dating, just to clarify. I have a crush on him and I hope he likes me to but he was more or less my best friend and I really didn't want to ruin it considering that I absolutely adored his family. Then I let out a startled squeal when Mach 4's tires screeched as it took off down the road. Speed landed on the track with the rest of the racers behind him. He was going fast. Like really fast. I was in the stands with Spritle, Pops, Mom, Chim-Chim, and Trixie. I was also the only one connected to the car besides Sparky who was in the designated pit area or whatever you call it. Even though I hung out with Rex so much before…the accident…I still didn't pick up on the terms unless I was with him. I was never connected to the public radios because whenever little Speed raced, people always compared him to Rex. You could have two opinions of Rex Racer. A complete cheater and dirty racer…or a legacy among racers and a great friend. I always supported the second one for obvious reasons. Sparky offered a warning to Speed who mumbled \"I got it.\" Back. He was really out of it today even though he was doing great. That snake guy always found new ways to tick me off. \"I figure he'll slingshot on you at the next turn.\" \"I'm ready.\" \"You better be Speed.\" That was me…just to clarify. True to his word, Speed was ready when the snake guy did a slingshot and was coming right towards him. The Mach 6 jumped in the air and threw off the course of the Snake Guy's car as it began to tumble and roll until it exploded and Snake Guy was ejected out of the seat in his bubble wrap ball thing. \"Watch out for the dog balls coming up. You might wanna ease off the wheel.\" Duh, Sparky. Speed knows that. \"Not this time, Sparky.\" Or not. There was a faint whistle from Sparky as Speed actually did the exact opposite of what he should do. He sped up instead of slowing down. The Mach 6 had sparks flying off of her as Speed skimmed the very edges of the bowls. When he got back to his normal driving and I looked at the stopwatch Pops was holding and attempted to muffle a gasp of surprise. \"Holy cannoli, Speed. You know who you're racing?\" \"…Yeah.\" I saw a ghost that day. I didn't really think that cars had a soul until I met Rex so when he finally convinced me…things were slightly weird for me with cars. I saw the Mach 4. Rex's old racing car ahead of Speed's by only a little. Everything began to solidify as I had another flashback. Rex's car landed on the platform with the others far behind him. I stood next to Speed as I watched the scene unfold. \"Rex is gonna win it, ain't he, Pops?\" Pops stopped the stopwatch. \"Nobody's gonna catch him. He's gonna win it. He's gonna set the course record. Nobody's gonna stop him.\" Pops was still looking at the track intently but he responded to Speed's comments anyway. \"Quiet. There's still a lot of race to go.\" \" No way. It's over. Rex is the best racer in the world. Everyone else is running for second, Pops.\" I guess I had a lot of confidence. \"Yeah!\" We all looked up at the cars driving above us and I felt slightly proud to know that the one in the lead is my best friend. Everything went back to normal as Speed's car passed through the Mach 4. There hadn't been such passion and speed in racing since that night eight years ago and I can still remember going to victory lane to congratulate Rex and give him a hug as I ranted on about him getting hurt and how dirty and sweaty he was. I was surprised that Speed was racing for Rex's record to say the least. \"Jeepers, he could do it, Pops. He could really do it.\" Spritle sounds like little Speed when he watched his big brother race. \"What if he does it? What if he does it, Pops?\" \"He won't Spritle. Not on purpose anyway.\" Then Pops made a grunting noise for us to be quiet.Spritle carried on his conversation with Chim-Chim as I stood and watched the rest of the race. I looked over at Trixie and guessed what she was flashing back about. I was in the garage with Pops and Rex admiring Rex's toned muscles and clearly outlined abs he had through his wife beater. I seriously think I may have been drooling. They were currently working on an engine so I just sat back and enjoyed the show in my yellow jeans and black t-shirt with a yellow nine on the front. Pops gave me a knowing look as he saw me staring and I began to blush. Thank the Lord that Rex didn't see that. Then I heard a little engine come down the road and turned to see Speed's little munchkin car coming with a little girl on the back. He parked and greeted all of us and continued with his little game picked up from his brother called \"Call Bee by her real name all the time until she has a nervous breakdown.\" \" Don't call me that!\" Rex rolled his eyes and the little girl let out a small giggle. \"Hey, Speedy.\" Rex continued to work on the engine. Typical. \"Who's your friend, Mini-Racer?\" Speed glared at me and introduced the girl as Trixie and told us that she was in his class. She waved and let out a small \"Hi.\" Then Speed took out a package from his car and told Pops that it was from some guy who was a big fan. Then Speed said he was driving a '68 Fendersin and Rex's head shot up so fast he could have gotten whiplash. \"Let me see that.\" Rex snatched the paper box out of Pops' hand and placed his ear to it. His eyes widened and then he grabbed a mop, broke it in half, placed the box in Speed's car, and then positioned the piece of mop so Speed's car wouldn't stop. Rex grabbed me and pulled me in so I was against his chest and I gasped when the car exploded right before our eyes. \"Cool beans.\" How can an eleven year old handle that so well where as I'm eighteen? How many of these flashbacks am I going to have today? It was raining. At least one more apparently. I was walking towards the Racer's walkway when Rex stepped out with a bag in his hand. \"Rex?\" He looked at me with such sadness that I felt like crying. \"Where are you going?\" He shook his head and continued on down the pathway, head down. \"Rex?\" He kept walking. \"Rex, answer me!\" He continued shaking his head and eventually I placed my hand on his chest and he still didn't look up at me. I grabbed his chin and pulled it up to see he was crying. \"Rex what's wrong?\" He grabbed me so I was hugged against him and he let out a choked sob. His face was buried in my hair as I tried to calm him down but nothing seemed to be working. He then grabbed me by my shoulders and looked me in the eyes. \"In the future…people are gonna say things about me and…god…I hope you don't believe them.\" Then he paused and looked at me for a long second. His face began to slowly inch towards mine and his eyes fluttered closed as he got close enough to feel my breath on his. Then I closed my eyes as he placed his lips gently on top of mine. It was a sorrowful yet passionate and soft kiss that can never be erased from my memory. He pulled back slightly and I yanked his head down again and soon I could taste the salt in his tears and now mine. Then when I pulled away and had my eyes closed for about fifteen seconds, Rex left. A tear ran down my face as I looked to where he was previously standing. Rex Racer was gone. I heard a glass crash onto the ground so I ran into the room and my eyes immediately welled up with tears. I didn't hear any of what the anchor was saying. I just saw what looked to be Rex's new car in flames. After that there was nothing but sadness in the house. It lasted for nearly a year and Speed and I got in a lot of fights in school over the year. Nothing could ever change the fact that Rex Racer was dead. People said that he was a dirty racer. People said that he cheated the most in every race. However…other people said he would forever be a racing legend. People said that he was one of the greatest men in the history of racing. I remember what Rex told me before he left every time his legacy was mentioned. I always believed the more positive people in saying that Rex was indeed a genuine hero. That was something that would never change. When I finally came out of my flashback I saw that Speed didn't beat Rex's record. Everyone was yelling and trying to make sense of why Speed wouldn't take the record. I was one of the proud few who sat there with a smile and a tear trailing down my cheek. We were the ones that knew why. Speed Racer was leaving Rex Racer's legacy in peace.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Royalton Industries I practically live with the Racer family. Even though I sleep in Rex's room they don't mind whatsoever. I didn't change any of the things in Rex's room so it would seem like for a single moment that when I woke up that Rex might still be there. It was always false hope and I knew that but I thought he lived on. Whether his death was fake or his soul still milled about his old room. There was no surprise when I walked out of Rex's room carrying a black stuffed tire he got me that I used as a pillow, with a red shirt with a white four, and short white shorts. Just because my nickname is Bee and I like black and yellow doesn't mean that I'm obsessive over those two colors. Sparky was reading from the paper as I sat down at the table that was filled with plates of food and glasses of orange juice. I greedily took 2 of Mrs. Racer's pancakes and drowned them with syrup. As I cut them up I heard Mrs. Racer tell Sparky in polite terms to shut up. He closed the paper and put it on the table. \"I just can't believe there isn't one mention of Racer motives in here.\" I piped up as I swallowed a piece of delicious pancake. \" I can't believe that you haven't noticed that papers don't care about mentioning small groups. They only want to mention the bigger ones.\" Then Trixie walked in. \"Morning everyone!\" \"What's crackin' chopper?\" I took to calling Trixie chopper because of her helicopter skills. I taught her when she was about 14 and she's been flying it around for a long time now. \"Nothing much. Speed, up yet?\" \"In spirit anyway.\" I looked over at Speed who had his hair ruffled up and was wearing a white t-shirt and jeans. \"Finally! The Mini-Racer awakens! I thought you went into a coma or something!\" \"Good morning to you to, Bambi.\" \"Stop calling me that!\" He just chuckled as Trixie thanked Mama Racer for the pancakes she was handed. \"Hey, superstar.\" Speed smiled sleepily back. \"Hey, Trix.\" Trixie sat down at the table as I munched away at the fluffy goodness known as pancakes. \"Have you seen the papers? They're all in love with you.\" Speed replied with a groggy \"Really?\" as Mama Racer gave him a kiss on the cheek. Sparky decided to have an input in the ongoing conversation. \"Yeah. There seems to be a lot of speculation about which team you'll sign with.\" Speed grabbed the paper that Sparky handed to him and replied, more interested, \"Really?\" \"Don't be surprised Mini- Racer! You're really good at racing and any team would be lucky to have you.\" I said after swallowing a lump of pancake. Before he could even make a comeback by calling me Bambi or just plain glare at me, there was a rumbling that shook the whole house. Pops and I both looked around with saying \"What the-?\" Whilst Spritle began to shout that it was an earthquake. \"Quick, Pops! The kitchen is the most dangerous place to be in an earthquake. Everybody, run for your life!\" Then Chim-Chim and Spritle went over the booth as Pops shouted at him to calm down. It oddly reminded me of that old movie Mary Poppins, as we began to stop things from falling over. Then it stopped and you could distinctly hear the sound of a jet engine. At least it was to Trixie and me because well…do I really need to explain? Then the doorbell rang and we all looked at it curiously. Pops and I went to the door and were greeted by a man dressed in a golden and purple suit, a jet matching his clothing. I felt underdressed all of a sudden. Could you really blame me? I was still holding the tire to my chest. The man began to speak but neither Pops or I could hear him over the wind of the jet. Pops shouted a rather loud \"What?\" and the man looked behind him and then back at us. He seemed to make a face of understanding and then began to motion for him to come inside. A look of understanding dawned on our faces and Pops nodded his head in approval. The man stepped inside and smiled thankfully. Then he spoke. \"Mr. and Mrs. Racer, I hope you will forgive this imposition. These are bluebells from Eden, Inc. I'm told they'll bloom at least three times, each time a different color.\" He then handed the bluebells off to Mama Racer and the proceeded to look at Pops. \"And Mr. Racer, these are for you. Straight from the Isle of Kamut, hand-rolled, premium blend.\" Wow, fancy cigars. My question is… who is this guy and what does he want? BREAK We flew over the illuminated city in the Royalton Industries jet. We had all changed into a new set of clothes and I was currently wearing a pair of what Mama Racer likes to call \"Biker\" black ankle boots and a red and black dress that reached my knee. I was also wearing a pair of finish line earrings and black elbow length fishnet gloves. Not to mention my necklace that flashed a white four across it on a red background and then the colors switched to a red five on a white background. Amazing necklace if I do say so myself. Spritle mentioned that Speed would win the Grand Prix someday and I smiled as Royalton agreed…but in a very creepy/threatening way. We flew towards the black, purple, and gold building that towered over nearly everything in the area. A very intimidating building to say the least. When we landed we were greeted by multiple staff members of the building and then we were directed towards a very LARGE golf cart. I sat in the back next to Sparky and held Chim-Chim in my lap. It was either that or sit on Spritle. You can see why I chose what I did. Besides, Chim-Chim liked me. Royalton explained to us his \"big industrious family\" and Pops, Sparky, Mama Racer, and I nodded with a look of interest and agreement. \"Our vertically integrated plant is the fastest in the world…from initial carbon bond to finished car in 36 hours. How long does it take at Racer motors?\" Pops thought about it for a moment but then Sparky decided to be stupid. \"Several weeks, at least.\" I slapped him in the back of the head and he looked at me with a WTF? Expression. Royalton continued, despite the obvious glare Pops was giving Sparky. \"This kind of production facility could be at your disposal, Mr. Racer.\" Pops mumbled agreement as we passed a room that was soon addressed as the R.I. operating room. \"This is our operating room…where our patented Refusion Distributor is installed in the turbine drive.\" Sparky took a closer look as he leant behind my head. \"Is that an Inner-Positive Transponder?\" He asked in amazement. Royalton gave an arrogant look that made me shiver. \"We control the only transponder foundry in the world…outside of Musha Motors.\" Then the window screen slid shut as we all looked at Royalton. \"Oops. Sorry, trade secret.\" Then we continued onto a room where there were multiple people training. \"As you know, a T-180 driver's got to be in peak physical condition. No expense is spared to ensure that when our drivers suit up they are as perfectly tuned as the machines they are controlling. The best drivers must be able to withstand over Four G's of force in a typical race. The will to win is nothing without the will to prepare. And at Team Royalton, we prepare our drivers for any eventuality and every possible condition.\" Along the tour of training I had to say that I had seen…interesting training exercises to say the very least. Whenever Rex would train, he would either practice on the track or he would just work out while I talked to him about random stuff. Oh, how I miss him… I didn't notice anything until we drove into what looked like a ball room filled with people in elegant gowns and tuxedo's. People were playing what looked like poker and waltzing about the room. I looked about in awe. Every one of the Racer's knew that I always had a thing for formal things. Whenever Rex had to go to a formal event for racers he would always take me as a date. I always loved picking out an extravagant dress and I think he liked watching me giggle and twirl in it in front of a mirror. Scratch that, I know he did. He told me once that he thought it was cute. Then I was pulled out of my reverie as Spritle stated something shocking. \"That's Cannonball Taylor.\" Royalton stopped the car and greeted Taylor. \"Jack. Jack, come here. There's someone I'd like you to meet. Speed Racer. Allow me to introduce two-time Grand Prix winner, five time WRL-Champion, and future hall of famer, Jack \"Cannonball\" Taylor.\" Speed was star struck but not to an extreme extent. \"Oh…Honor to meet you.\" Jack replied with a slight accent. \"Caught that Thunderhead replay. Nice piece of work.\" He spoke as he shook Speed's hand. Speed looked slightly baffled. \"Wow. Thanks.\" \"There was a rumor you might be visiting.\" Speed looked around while nodding. \"It's pretty impressive.\" \"Only thing I cared about was that wall over there.\" He said gesturing to a trophy wall on the other side of the room. \"That's what sold me. You want to win in this league, you're talking to the right guy.\" Royalton smiled and thanked Jack as Speed got back onto the large golf cart. But that didn't mean that Speed and I missed the look he gave us as we left. There was only one word to describe it and that is sinister. I thought about continuing but that seemed like a good place to end. I didn't really want to go into that scene where they discuss how they might make a deal with the company. It bores me slightly. So I guess I'll pick up when they talk around the dinner table and later when they meet Racer X. : ) But I'm gonna make the reunion a bit different on Bee's part. Knowing me she probably won't even be awake ;)[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Racer X: The Harbinger of Boom \"Controversy surrounds Racer Motors, now embroiled in IP litigation. And while evidence remains inconclusive whether or not Speed used an illegal device… the Fuji- Helexicon seems destined to become another mark of shame added to the notorious Racer family legacy…a legacy that has forever tainted the integrity of this-\" \"Please shut up Sparky.\" I said in a quiet voice. He looked at me in silent apology and placed the paper down. We had discovered that Royalton was a filthy bastard with too much money that decided to make our lives a living hell because Speed decided to not sigh on with him. We went to Fuji and Speed got in a wreck which caused him to lose the race. Then Pops was sued for IP litigation. Isn't the world just fucking perfect right now? \"I'm gonna send that guy some Chim-Chim cookies.\" Chim-Chim nodded in agreement with Spritle but Pops would have none of it. \"You'll do no such thing.\" \"We gotta do something, Pops.\" Speed spoke up from his silence next to me. \"This is exactly what he said would happen if I didn't drive for him.\" I motioned for Pops to cover Spritle's ears and he nodded. \"That fucking bastard it just trying to scare you shitless, Speed! Don't let him get to you! Men like him make me just want to….Ugh! They infuriate me so much! He's a pompous jackass! Just like the ones that tried to scare Rex! If they want a fight then we'll give them a fucking fight!\" I let out a shaky sigh and nodded to Pops who lifted his hands from Spritle's ears. Everyone looked at me slightly shocked for swearing. I looked around and let out another sigh. \"I'm gonna go take a nap.\" And then I went to Rex's room where I closed the door, grabbed the picture of us together off the old dresser, and lied down on the bed in one fluid motion. I looked at the crumpled picture and looked at it with a trembling smile. \"Oh Rex…we need you now more than ever…why did you have to leave?\" Then I cried until I succumbed to sleep. That didn't last very long. I heard Spritle scream about something and a door slam shut. Then I heard talking and Pops let someone inside. I held the picture to my chest and opened the door cautiously and stepped out, attempting to conceal my red eyes. \"Who's at the door Pops?\" Then I looked up and let out a small gasp. Racer X and Inspector Detector were sitting in the living room (well, more or less the Inspector was sitting and Racer X was standing but that's not the point). I sniffed slightly and placed the picture down on a nearby table and smiled at the duo. \"Hello Inspector Detector. It's been awhile.\" He nodded with a soft smile which I returned. \"Ten years.\" \"Yeah…\" I said as I attempted to sit down on the arm of the chair that Speed was sitting in. I shoved his arm off the arm of the chair and sat down looking at him. \"Let me sit Mini-Racer.\" \"Make me Bambi.\" I let out an immature whine and crossed my arms. \"I really don't like how you're brother taught you that…\" I said with a huff. He smiled cockily at me and I playfully slapped his arm. He looked at me with a playful glare. \"If there weren't people here it would so be on.\" \"Bring it Mini-Racer.\" Pops cleared his throat and I blushed slightly to find that everyone was paying close attention to us even Racer X. Can it get any more embarrassing? I coughed awkwardly and looked at Inspector Detector. \"So why are you here Inspector?\" BREAK \"We've been after Royalton for years for dozens of capitol corporate crimes including WRL fixing, but we haven't had the evidence we needed to convict him…until now.\" Spritle and Chim-Chim poked their heads over the counter and Spritle pointed an accusing finger at Racer X. \"What's he doing here?\" \"Racer X works closely with our WRL Corporate Crime Division…helping us recruit drivers like you, Speed.\" Speed nodded slightly and I pursed my lips and leaned back into the arm chair. It was so weird…I felt like I could take apart an engine and put it back together. I felt like I could watch a rerun of a race and understand every word. Odd. \"Why does he always wear that mask?\" I nodded with Spritle and crossed my arms over my chest. \"Yeah, why?\" \"If any of you actually knew his identity, you'd become targets for his enemies which includes some of the most vicious fixers in the world.\" Spritle swallowed then ducked behind the counter with Chim-Chim as my eyes widened slightly. \"Alrighty then…\" I placed a hand on Speed's shoulder and he looked at Inspector Detector in confusion. \"What do you want with me?\" \"Are you familiar with the driver Taejo Togokahn?\" \"Of course.\" \"For years he's been contracted by a fixer named Cruncher Block. Recently, Taejo's been forced to lose races, and he began resisting, thinking he could do it on his own. After Fuji, he realized he needed help.\" Pops jumped into the conversation, curious. \"Why help him?\" \"Because he has a file with enough information to connect Block to Royalton which could put both of them behind bars for the rest of their lives. The problem is, he won't give us the file unless we help him stop the takeover of his family's company.\" Speed nodded and I removed my hand from his shoulder and crossed them again. \"How?\" \"There's an upcoming race that Taejo believes if he can win…it'll catapult back into Togokahn Motors into the spotlight and double the cost of the buyout, which should kill it.\" Speed shook his head in confusion but I had a sick and twisted feeling that I knew what race they were talking about. \"There aren't any more races left except for the Grand Prix and we both failed to qualify.\" \"Which still ticks me off…\" I muttered. Speed smiled at me and I smiled back and we went back to the conversation. Inspector Detector cleared his throat awkwardly and nodded a bit. \"There aren't any more track races. This is a cross-country rally.\" Racer X spoke up and I would have admired his velvety voice for if not what he said. \"Casa Cristo.\" \"What?\" Pops demanded. I took a few shaky breaths and Speed put a hand on my shoulder as he stood up. \"I know it seems cruel of me to ask. Taejo made it clear he had to have Speed and X on his team or there would be no deal.\" \"Absolutely not.\" Spritle had come from the kitchen with a glass of water for me and I ruffled his hair with a smile. \"Thanks kiddo.\" He swatted my hand away and flattened his hair again. \"Sure thing…Bambi.\" I nearly screamed then. Just as I was about to make a witty comeback he dashed out of the room. I sighed and took a long sip from the glass as the conversation continued. \"You'll have the support of the entire C.I.B.\" \"No. Rally racing is a back ally sport filled with jackals, headhunters, and thugs. I'm sorry Inspector, but I've already lost one son to that deathtrap. I won't lose another.\" \"I understand. If you change your mind…\" Pops shook his head at the inspector. \"Keep your card, Chief Inspector.\" \"Thank you for your time.\" Racer X looked at Speed and then at me. I couldn't see his eyes but he just seemed so …handsome and mysterious…No! Don't you dare think like that Bee! You only ever loved Rex and you'll only ever love Rex! No if's or but's about it. The family dispersed as soon as they stepped out the door. Except for me that is. I paused for a moment and thought about the possible consequences of my actions. I could possibly be ridiculed by this family for the rest of my life and never be allowed to speak to them again…but if I did what I was thinking I should do then they might actually be grateful eventually… My mind was set. I wrenched the door open and just as Inspector Detector was stepping in the car along with Racer X I let out a \"Wait!\" I made my way over to the place where Inspector Detector was now standing and I looked down at the ground awkwardly, shuffling my feet. \"This is probably gonna get me kicked out but… I have a feeling that Speed might need that card.\"[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Casa Cristo Part 1 Speed came back from a drive he had with Trixie and began flipping through the phonebook but I stopped him with a hand on his shoulder. He looked at me and I handed him the C.I.B. card and he nodded. He took the phone and called, set the date. Once he was done he looked at me and I looked back with a smirk. \"You do realize that I'm coming with you right?\" \"I don't know if that's such a good idea. I mean what if-\" I cut him off by holding up my hand. \"There are no if's or but's about it Speed. I need to be there. I can't lose you the way I lost your brother.\" He nodded slowly at me and I smiled faintly back. \"Now for the cover story…\" I trailed off. He looked at me with mischievous eyes, just like his brother's. \"How do you feel about skiing?\" … \"We're just minutes away from the start of the 82nd annual Casa Cristo Classic…the grande dame of cross-country, the second oldest rally race in the world spanning two continents, three climate changes, and 5,000 kilometers of the most winding and treacherous roads ever raced.\" I looked over at Tracie to see her placing on her headphones. Mine were already on. They were black and yellow of course to match my black and yellow leather outfit. It was basically a black leather vest with golden trim and a matching black skirt, except there were black and yellow checkers on the side. My black hair was curled into large ringlets that went to my shoulders and I had on some smoky eye shadow. I looked kind of sexy if I had to pick a word for it. The air was tense until the queen came out. She was wearing a brilliant pink dress with a golden head piece. Trixie and I were both ready, so we took to the skies. Then about one minute later the queen fired the gun, and the racers were off. Trixie and I couldn't see what was happening for a minute because they were under a kind of building. There were bits and pieces that were open but what was the point of trying to catch a glimpse of one area that they probably already passed. When they emerged from the area I let out a slight sigh of relief. At least none of them got killed. \"This team Taejo Togokahn's put together looks like they mean business.\" Speed, Racer X, and Taejo went through a rockier area where nothing much happened. Then they began the part of the Zunubian Desert. This is when they would need us. \"Snake Oiler's in the lead Speedy. But right now you have to worry about the Flying Foxes coming in on your right!\" I spoke loudly and clearly through the headset. \"Thanks Bambi.\" I growled back and I heard a slight chuckle from Racer X. Odd… The Flying Foxes pinned Speed in the middle of them as Taejo growled. \"Headhunters.\" Then Racer X looked behind him and shook his head in annoyance. \"They're not alone.\" A pair of army looking men pulled up next to Taejo as what looked like…Vikings?...pulled up next to X. All of a sudden Speed's front right tire blew out. Probably because of those dirty Flying Foxes. He began to spin out until he jumped in the air and reloaded a fresh tire where the old one was. \"Move it, Speed! It's getting ugly out there!\" \"Trixie's right Speedy! They're gonna need your help whether they admit it or not!\" Speed pulled up and began to fight with one of the Flying Foxes. Eventually he flipped backwards and used a pair of saw blades to cut off whatever accessories the freako ladies were using. For a bit of a finale he spun which caused them to do the same thing except they started going vertically until they were stuck in the sand. Nice. \"Hurry, Speed! They need you!\" And Trixie couldn't be any more right. I was pretty sure that Racer X could probably handle himself but he was in a bit of trouble out there with the Vikings and the same goes for Togokahn. He wasn't doing any better. Speed flew in next to Taejo as soon as Taejo backed away from the army men. \"Where have you been?\" He questioned. \"Have any of these drivers read the rulebook?\" I scoffed at that and then a Viking went flying over Speed with what looked like a sledge hammer of some sort. He wasn't able to hit Speed, which I was thankful for. \"See? This race is full of cheaters.\" Then a Viking let what looked like medieval flails fly out the back of his T-180 on chains. \"Watch the backdraft.\" Speed yelled out to Racer X. \"Wing left!\" Racer X flew in and took out one of the army men and then Speed yelled out, \"Flying in!\" \"Lead them.\" \"Here you go.\" Speed pulled out in front of the Viking dude while Racer X hit his blind side. Togokahn was duking it out with the other army guy when the lady Viking took out a bee hive. \"Watch the blind side!\" Speed looked over and nudged the Viking which caused the bee hive to fall on her. She fell behind and it caused the other Viking guy to go a bit berserk. All of a sudden, his car was over Racer X, flails about to crush him. I gasped in fear until Racer X jumped up and slapped the guy across the face which replaced the gasp with a giggle that went along with Racer X chuckling. The final Viking decided to be a freak and jump over Taejo. \"Taejo!\" Trixie and I gasped. Speed looked and then he did something astonishing. He did a rear single-set jump into a flying kick. I whooped in happiness as did Trixie. \"That was awesome kiddo!\" \"Thanks Bambi. \"I'm so happy right now that I'm not gonna make a comeback.\" … Taejo swiped all the food off the table in front of him as I stood behind Speed and Racer X. \"If we drive tomorrow like we did today WE WILL LOSE! You will get nothing. All of this will be MEANINGLESS!\"I stepped out from behind the two Racers' and crossed my arms over my chest. \"Relax Taejo. In case you didn't notice, Snake's weak on turns. You guys will catch him in the mountains.\" \"We might if Speed stops showing off.\" I took a step forward and raised a finger at him. \"He wasn't showing off. He was saving your ass. I don't know about you but in my world, people say thank you when someone saves their asses.\" All of a sudden his hand was coming at me, but I had fast reflexes. I caught his hand and threw it down. \"You don't hit woman either. I've been nothing but nice to you and your just ticking me off! Now straighten up unless you wanna wake up tied to a chair hanging off a tree in the middle of the forest.\" Speed was wide eyed and X's mouth was slightly open. \"I need some air.\" I walked out of the room and went to the balcony that went outside the floor. I took the black jacket I had snagged when we got back and wrapped it around my small frame. Then I sat down on one of the lawn chairs and looked up at the moon and the stars in the sky. \"You shouldn't be out here without a guard.\" I nearly jumped out of my skin as Racer X decided to make his presence known. I got over the shock and pulled the jacket tighter around me. \"And why is that Racer X?\" He smirked and sat down in the chair beside me. \"Because it's the perfect location for an assassin or kidnapper.\" I scoffed and looked back at the sky. \"Who would want to kidnap lil' ole me?\" \"You're a direct connection to the Racer's. They would use you against them.\" I pursed my lips and nodded. \"Never thought of it that way…\" \"Do you live with the Racer's?\" I was taken slightly off guard by the blunt question but I nodded. \"Why?\" He asked. I shrugged and looked over. \"I spend so much time with them that there was no point in me getting a place of my own. Rex and I used to be really close. Ever since we were six.\" … It was the second week of school and I already had a lot of friends! There was Jamie, Anna, Sarah, May, and more! They were all so nice! I had always thought that I was a nice kid so I would get friends a lot. Except today was special. I saw a little boy, who was in my class called Rex, playing all alone with the toy cars. \"Oh, that's Rex Racer! He has no friends because he's stupid and he only plays with toy cars!\" I turned to Anna, my yellow dress twirling around me. \"You don't say mean things like that! He's not stupid! I like cars. Does that mean I'm stupid?\" Before she could answer I huffed and turned around. Walking away I said over my shoulder \"If you're going to be mean to people then I'm not going to be your friend!\" Then I walked over to Rex and sat down next to him. \"Hi! I'm Bambi but my friends call me Bee!\" He looked at me hesitantly with big brown eyes and nodded. \"I'm Rex.\" \" Well it's nice to meet you! Is that a T-180?\" I questioned. I didn't know a lot about cars but I knew that car because I always liked to point them out whenever I saw them. Racing cars. He smiled brightly at me and nodded. \"Yeah!\" And so our friendship began… … I didn't realize I had said the entire thing aloud until I looked at Racer X smiling at me. I blushed and scratched the back of my neck. \"Sorry…I didn't know I was saying that out loud…\" \"It's fine. I can't believe that you were friends for that long. It must have hit you hard when he died.\" I nodded as I looked back at the sky. \"I got into at least 15 fights at school. They all called him a dirty racer…something that I would never believe. I still don't to this very day. He was a great man and an even better driver if that's possible.\" I said smiling. I saw Racer X nod in my peripheral vision and stand up. \"Well it's getting cold out and it's late. Time for bed.\" \"Yeah. Sorry to bother you with the burdens of my past.\" \"Again, it's no problem. Your stories actually remind me of an old friend of mine.\" He said smiling softly. \"Well they must be a great friend.\" \"Oh, most definitely…\" Little did I know that he was talking about me. … I was always a fairly light sleeper, so when I heard the door creak open my eyes shot open along with it. Before the intruder could do anything I was up and out of bed, my stuffed tire remaining on the bed. I looked at the black form and immediately struck a defensive position. Ninja. He ran at me but I easily side stepped him and slapped him in the back of the head. He turned around, slightly dazed, and I punched him in the jaw. He let out a groan of pain as he fell over. He began to rub his jaw but I kicked his hand away and stepped on his chest. Then I threw a nearby towel around his neck and turned him around, pulling upward. He began to choke until he lost complete consciousness. Don't worry, I didn't kill him. I dropped the rag as there was a loud knock at my door. I straightened my pajamas, the red Mach 4 shirt and white shorts, and opened the door. What looked like Racer X was standing at the door. I couldn't tell because if it was Racer X…he wasn't wearing his mask. He did have a sort of towel covering his mouth but I could easily make out his black hair and warm chocolate eyes…Dammit! Rex is the only one! God, why is it so hard to keep it that way? ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Leaving a Legacy in Peace Bee's P.O.V. Where would you like me to begin? Exam day. I alw"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"Ghost","Author":"SincerelyKayo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12698216","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Alright, settle down class,\" the teacher at the front of the room said. Shiloh Warner removed her earbuds. The teacher waited as all the other teens in the class settled down. \"For your midterm, I'm going to have all of you interview a local celebrity. Afterward, you will write a two thousand word paper on them. I will allow you to choose the topic on which you write. It can be about their success, how they achieved it, what they think of it, how you believe it's affected them, anything. The short girl in the back of the class barely managed to suppress a groan as the rest of the class began to grow excited. \"BUT,\" the teacher called over the din. \"I'm going to be picking the celebrity you interview myself.\" The room filled with the disappointed acclamations of the class. Shiloh raised an eyebrow, unamused at the actions of her peers. \"Yes, I know. I'm so cruel,\" the teacher said, his tone caustically sarcastic. \"Come up and I'll assign you your celebrities.\" The class began to file forward as the various teenagers whispered in excitement. Each was handed a packet, assumed to contain the name and contact information of each student's celebrity. The room grew gradually louder, those who had received their packets gushing with their friends about how lucky they were and the unlucky ones groaning and mourning their lot. Shiloh shuffled forward with the rest of them, receiving her packet last. \"Ah, you have an interesting one, Ms. Warner,\" he said. Great, Shiloh thought, taking the packet before she walked back to her seat. Please don't it let it be the mayor, she silently begged as she opened the manila envelope. Shiloh reached her hand inside and pulled out the slip of paper. Turning it right side up she groaned. Rex Racer was typed at the top. I take it back, Shiloh thought, dropping her head on her desk. The mayor is fine. She sighed, raising her head as class began. It was the last class of the day, so when the bell rang Shiloh was one of the first people out the door. I can't believe I have to interview Rex Racer , she mentally complained, dropping her various things in the dilapidated locker she called hers, before walking down the halls to the exit. Everyone in the whole school, no, the whole town, was obsessed with racing, and yet, Shiloh didn't enjoy racing at all. It made no sense to her. She couldn't understand why anyone would want to make racing their life's work, minus the fact that it paid quite a lot. Maybe that's what I can make the essay about, she thought as she reached the exit. What is it about racing that appeals to people and why would someone want to make it their life's work? She smiled. Well, that part was easy, Shiloh thought as she climbed aboard the bus. Hopefully, the rest of it won't be too hard. She knew better than to get her hopes up though. Things were never that easy. She dropped into her seat before pulling the piece of paper out of the envelope again, checking the address. It was about two miles from where she lived, amazingly. I'll go by there tomorrow, She thought. Shiloh hated calling random strangers and answering calls from them. She had to do it way too frequently at work and, therefore, avoided it like the plague whenever she could. She'd much rather just do it in person. Guess I'll do that tomorrow, she thought, leaning her head back against the seat and closing her eyes. She had another long night of work ahead of her, so she decided to try to get a few winks. Life as a high school orphan with a job at Pizza Hut, she thought, a sardonic smirk on her face. Doesn't get much better than this. A/N: I went through and edited this whole chapter so let me know what you think.[Chapter 2] Shiloh rolled out of bed at eight o'clock, about five hours after she had dropped into it. After quickly getting dressed, she grabbed a pen and paper and left her house. She began the walk to the residence of Rex Racer, reaching there about nine. She sighed as she stood outside the door. Here we go, she thought, ringing the doorbell. She turned and looked out over the other houses on the street as she waited. Surprisingly, Rex Racer seemed to live in a pretty normal house on a nondescript street. Minus the race car in the driveway, no one would ever expect it to be the residence of a world-renowned racer. Maybe he's not as stuck up as I thought, Shiloh thought, turning her attention to her outfit. She was wearing a pair of white denim high waisted shorts with light blue sandal wedges and a blousy blue shirt with a length of ruffles down the button line. Her hair was in Dutch braids and she had mascara on since she hadn't taken it off from work last night. Is he home? Shiloh wondered, reaching to ring the doorbell one last time. Before she could hit the button again, the door was opened and a dark-haired boy with big brown eyes opened the door. He yawned, his wavy hair and pajamas rumpled like he had just rolled out of bed. \"Hello?\" he muttered, rubbing his eyes. Definitely just woke up, Shiloh decided. \"Good morning. I'm looking for Rex Racer?\" she said. \"He's not interested,\" the boy said, before promptly shutting the door. \"Wait!\" Shiloh cried, knocking on the door. Are you kidding me?! she thought. Fine. Sorry teacher, they wouldn't even let me in the door! Shiloh mimicked, turning and beginning her walk down the drive. She was halfway down the drive before a feminine voice called out after her. \"Excuse me? Miss!\" Shiloh turned. A motherly looking woman in an apron was jogging down the drive. \"Yes ma'am?\" she said. \"I'm so sorry, Speed thought you were here to try to convince Rex to race for another sponsor,\" the woman explained. Shiloh raised her eyebrows. \"Do I really look the type?\" she asked. The woman laughed. \"Oh no! Dear me! Speed just wasn't looking. We get so many of those that I'm afraid he's stopped checking,\" the woman said. \"That must be a lot.\" \"Oh, you have no idea! My name is Mrs. Racer, yours?\" Mrs. Racer asked, shaking Shiloh's hand. \"Shiloh Warner. I'm actually here to interview Rex Racer for a school paper,\" Shiloh explained. \"Oh, well isn't that interesting! Would you like to come in? Rex isn't awake yet, but I've just finished making pancakes and he usually raises himself from the grave about thirty seconds after the serving plate hits the table.\" \"Um…\" Shiloh started, not sure. Her stomach finished for her, letting out a loud growl. \"I'll take that as a yes. Come in, come in!\" Mrs. Racer said, pulling Shiloh along. They entered the house, which was rather normal and modest, minus the large television and the car parked in the living room. Shiloh raised her eyebrow as Mrs. Racer sat her down at the table next to a large man with a mustache, the little boy who had opened the door right across from her. \"Shiloh, this is Pops and Speed. Rex should be out any minute,\" Mrs. Racer said, walking back to the kitchen. \"Nice to meet you,\" Pops said, putting down the newspaper he had been reading and shaking Shiloh's hand. \"Pleasure is mine sir,\" Shiloh replied, folding her hands in her lap, awkwardly. \"You've got a good grip,\" Pops commented approvingly, putting his paper on the seat beside him. \"Probably from holding trays all day long. Deep dish pizzas get heavy.\" \"You work at a pizza place?\" Speed asked, intrigued. \"Just the pizza hut down the road,\" Shiloh said. \"So if you're not here to sign Rex for another company, why are you here?\" Speed asked. He was looking a good deal more awake, his eyes trained on Shiloh with suspicion. \"Speed! That is rude,\" his mother admonished. \"She's here to interview him for a school paper.\" \"Oh, yuck,\" Speed said, his suspicious expression turning to one of disgust. \"Agreed, kid,\" Shiloh stage-whispered, leaning forward slightly. \"Mmm, agree with what?\" a deep, sleep-filled voice asked. Shiloh turned her head and immediately schooled her expression into one of indifference as she sat back in her seat. A guy in his late teens and very obviously not finished with the task of pulling his shirt on was walking out of the back hallway, which presumably led to the bedrooms. He had dark brown hair, not quite as wavy as Speed's but still quite unruly. \"Rex, put your shirt on before you enter the dining room please,\" Mrs. Racer admonished, coming out of the kitchen with a plate of pancakes. Crap, that's him?! Shiloh thought. \"Sorry mama,\" Rex Racer said, going up to his mother and giving her a kiss on the cheek. \"Especially since we have a cute young lady eating with us,\" Pops added, going back to his newspaper. Rex turned towards the table. \"Oh hello,\" he said, finally awake enough where he could register Shiloh's presence. Shiloh kept her face indifferent, though most girls would've probably turned to goop under the gaze of a half-asleep Rex Racer. \"Are you a friend of Speed's?\" He asked. \"What? No, she's here for you. Something about an interview for a school paper,\" Speed quickly and adamantly clarified, reaching over the table and filling up his plate with pancakes. \"Really? Oh yuck,\" Rex said, his face contorting into the same look of disgust Speed's had moments before. \"My thoughts exactly,\" Shiloh said, suppressing a smirk. Rex moved around to the other side of the booth and slid in next to Shiloh. Shiloh suppressed the urge to slide in further to avoid him. \"So what's the paper on?\" Rex asked, reaching across the table in front of her to dish up a heaping plate of pancakes. \"We're allowed to pick the topic ourselves. The celebrities we had to interview were allocated though. I got you,\" Shiloh explained, eyeing the plate of pancakes as Rex placed it in front of himself. \"Really? Well, I'll try not to make it too painful for you,\" Rex said, making an obvious jab at the, what Shiloh had thought, slight and practically unnoticeable annoyance in her voice. He's observant. Surprising, she thought. \"Would you like some?\" He asked, indicating the pancakes. \"Oh I'm-\" Shiloh's statement was cut off as Rex reached forward and grabbed her plate, loading as many pancakes on it as he had on his, before placing it back in front of her. \"So what are your questions?\" he asked, taking a large bite out of his stack. \"Ah, ah, ah! After you both eat. Here you go,\" Mrs. Racer said, placing a bottle of syrup on the table. \"Yes ma'am,\" Shiloh and Rex replied. Rex reached out for the bottle and drowned his pancakes before drowning Shiloh's in syrup as well. \"So, Shiloh, what school do you go to?\" Mrs. Racer asked, sitting down. \"I go to Mid High. I'm a freshman there,\" Shiloh replied, taking a bite out of her pancakes. She hummed as she chewed. The pancakes were fabulous. \"A freshman? How's high school treating you?\" Rex asked, taking another bite of his pancakes. \"Decently. I stay out of the social scene and the homework isn't too crazy, so it's not that bad,\" Shiloh replied, going immediately for another bite. \"Have you made some nice friends?\" Mrs. Racer said. Shiloh shook her head. \"If I'm not doing homework, I'm working. I don't really have time for friends,\" she answered. \"That must be hard,\" Mrs. Racer said, giving Shiloh a pitying glance. Shiloh shifted uncomfortably in her seat. \"Mom, I didn't have hardly any friends in high school either,\" Rex said, deflecting the conversation. \"That's true. You were always so busy with your racing. You ignored practically all of your school work too,\" Mrs. Racer said, uttering a long-suffering sigh. \"I passed, didn't I?\" Rex complained, indignant. \"By the skin of your teeth,\" Pops said, laughing. \"Gee, thanks Pops,\" Rex groused. \"You're writing all this down aren't you?\" He asked Shiloh. \"Every last bit of it,\" she said, shoving more pancakes into her mouth. Pops chuckled. \"Better watch out for this one, she's sharp,\" he said. \"You can take that as a compliment,\" Rex told Shiloh, noticing her confused expression. \"Got it,\" she said. \"What do you think of Rex's racing?\" Speed asked. \"Speed, cut it out!\" Rex said, exasperated. \"Sorry, he asks everyone that question,\" Rex explained, turning his eyes on Shiloh. \"He just loves talking about his big brother,\" Mrs. Racer said, smiling. \"It's okay, I think it's cute,\" Shiloh replied. \"Do you have any siblings?\" Mrs. Racer asked. \"Oh, no. I actually live with a foster family and they don't have any other kids right now, so it's just me,\" Shiloh answered. \"Oh, that's awful!\" Mrs. Racer said. \"Only if you think siblings are a good thing. What's your opinion on them Shiloh?\" Rex asked, obviously realizing the true meaning of his mother's statement and ignoring it. \"In my experience, they are something to be foregone. Of course, I'm sure it's different with blood siblings,\" she stated. \"Depends on the day,\" Rex said, shooting Speed a glare. \"Hey!\" Speed complained. Shiloh laughed. \"Yeah, yeah, but at the end of the day I'd still choose to have you stick around,\" Rex said. Speed smiled. \"Great pancakes as usual,\" Pops said, giving Mrs. Racer a kiss on the cheek. \"Oh, definitely!\" Shiloh, Rex, and Speed all agreed. \"Would you like some help with the cleanup?\" Shiloh asked as Mrs. Racer began cleaning up the plates. \"Oh, no I'm fine! You go interview Rex,\" the kind woman said, shooting her a smile. \"Right, let's go! You don't mind if I work on the Mach 3 while we talk, do you?\" Rex asked, standing up. \"So long as you can answer questions, I don't really care,\" Shiloh replied, standing up as well. \"Great, let's go,\" he said, leading the way outside. \"It was nice meeting you Shiloh!\" Mrs. Racer said, her statement quickly repeated by the house's other two occupants. \"You as well!\" Shiloh replied. Rex got the front door for her and she walked out, Rex following close behind. Alrighty, I edited this and fleshed it out some more, as well as adding additional dialogue. It's still rougher than I'd like, but considering how awful I usually am when it comes to working within previously set confines, I'd say I did okay. Lemme know what you think.[Chapter 3] \"When did you start racing?\" Shiloh asked. \"Officially or unofficially?\" Rex asked from his place under the car. He was working on the race car Shiloh had seen in the driveway, while Shiloh sat on the toolbox and asked him questions. \"Both.\" \"Officially, I was sixteen. Unofficially, I was eight,\" he said, grunting slightly as he reached to tighten something. \"You were driving a car at eight years old?\" Shiloh asked, skeptical. Rex pushed himself out from under the car. \"I may have been sitting on Pop's lap,\" he said, offering a sheepish grin. \"Can you hand me that?\" He asked. Shiloh handed him the indicated tool with her eyebrow raised. \"Thanks,\" Rex said, before sliding back under the car. \"How many races and stuff have you won?\" Shiloh asked, going back to the questions. \"Can't you look that up on the internet? I don't remember,\" Rex said, grunting in annoyance. Shiloh shot an annoyed look at his feet. \"Which one are you most proud of?\" \"The first time I got first. Or the time I broke the record. I don't really know. I don't exactly care about winning, though it's a nice bonus point,\" Rex grunted as he struggled to reach something within the interworkings of the car. Shiloh put her writing pad down and got up, crouching down beside the car and slipping under it next to Rex. \"Hey, what are you-\" Rex started. \"Where?\" Shiloh asked, taking the wrench from his hands. '\"Uh, right there,\" he said, pointing to a small bolt in a small space above them. It was far up and the opening was narrow, which was proving problematic for Rex's large hands and forearms. Shiloh reached up and slipped the wrench around it.\"Why isn't the winning important?\" she demanded as she tightened the bolt. \"I race to race. Sure, winning is nice, but for me, it's about racing. If you make it all about winning, then you lose the beauty of it,\" he said. Shiloh finished tightening the bolt and dropped back down, handing the wrench back to Rex before slipping out from under the car. \"Racing is beautiful? How? What's so beautiful about overly tricked out cars driving in circles for a ridiculous amount of time?\" She asked. Rex pushed himself out from under the car and grabbed a grease rag, wiping his black hands on it. \"The beauty of racing comes from driving, being driven. If it's all about winning then you're not driving, you're just steering,\" he said. Shiloh contained a blush. As much as she hated to admit it, Rex Racer was freakishly attractive. He was well built and muscular, with unruly dark hair and dark eyes that seemed to see right through her. Had he been standing in front of any other girl in her class in his jeans and grease-stained wife beater, they would've melted. Even Shiloh was having a little bit of an issue staying coherent. Only a little bit of an issue, mind. \"Why is racing beautiful to you?\" She asked, getting back on track. Rex smiled and leaned back against the car, crossing his muscular arms. \"Because I'm driven,\" he said. \"What does that mean?\" He looked off into the distance, staring at nothing in particular. \"I think it'd be easier to show you,\" he said finally, looking at her. \"How would that make a difference?\" Shiloh asked, raising an eyebrow. Rex shrugged his shoulders. \"It may not. You want to go for a drive?\" He moved to the door and jumped into the car, looking at Shiloh expectantly. \"There's no passenger seat,\" she pointed out. \"You can sit on my lap. Speed does it all the time and you don't look any bigger than he is,\" Rex said. Shiloh clenched her notebook closer to her chest in a protective manner. \"What's the matter? You scared?\" he taunted. Shiloh set her jaw. \"Fine,\" she finally said, walking over to the door. Rex smirked. \"How do you want me to get in?\" she asked. Before she knew what was happening, Rex stood up in the car and grabbed her around the waist, taking her with him as he sat back down, before he fastened the seat restraint around them both. To her credit, she only let out a tiny little squeak. \"Here we go!\" he said, pushing on the gas. Shiloh swallowed a yelp of surprise, trying to sit as still as possible to avoid messing Rex's driving up any. She was NOT going to think about how hard, and at the same time, ridiculously comfortable, his chest was or how she was close enough to smell him. It was an intoxicating mix of AXE and car grease. It shouldn't have worked, but it did. \"It works best if you put each of your legs over one of mine. That way I don't have too much weight on one leg and you can feel what I'm doing,\" Rex said. Shiloh adjusted slightly to do as he said. \"Where are we going?\" She asked when she was feeling slightly more comfortable. \"The track,\" Rex replied. \"I thought you said we were just going for a drive!\" Shiloh complained. \"True, but you're coming along to see what it means to be driven. You can't really see that unless I'm on a track,\" he said, flashing her a smile in the rearview mirror. Sneaky bastard! Shiloh thought. A few minutes later, they reached Thunderhead. \"Here we go,\" Rex said a few minutes later as they pulled onto the track. \"Put this on.\" He handed her a helmet. \"Is there actually a chance of me hitting my head?\" Shiloh asked, strapping it on. \"Probably not,\" Rex said. Shiloh could practically feel his playful smirk. \"You ready?\" he asked. \"Here we go!\" he said, punching the gas before Shiloh could answer. Shiloh looked for something to grab to brace herself but found nothing. She silently swore as the car barreled down the track at more than a hundred miles an hour. The first turn was coming up fast and Shiloh resumed her frantic search for something to brace herself before she went flying around, still finding nothing. Crap! She thought, closing her eyes and preparing to slam into the door. Right before they hit the turn, Rex's arm went around her waist and held her in place gently as they went around the turn. Shiloh's eyes shot open in surprise. \"I do this with Speed all the time. You really think I'd let my little brother, or you for that matter, go flying into the door?\" Rex asked, looking down at her briefly before turning his eyes back to the track. \"How would I know?!\" she demanded. He smirked. \"Good. Hang tight 'cause here we go!\" he said, laying on the gas. Shiloh grabbed the arm he was using to hold her for dear life. They went hurtling around the track, sliding around each turn faster than should've been humanly possible. The second lap in, Shiloh slowly started to loosen her grip on Rex's arm. Sometime around the middle of the lap, she started smiling, the smile quickly turning to a laugh as the adrenaline coursed through her and the excitement made her heart beat. She looked in the rearview and saw Rex smiling. \"This is amazing!\" she cried. \"Isn't it?\" Rex replied. \"You get to do this all the time?\" Shiloh asked. \"Yep.\" \"You're so lucky!\" she said. \"Want me to go faster?\" he asked. \"Punch it!\" Shiloh replied, grinning. Rex smiled, before somehow finding a way to go even faster. Shiloh watched the rearview mirror as they drove the next lap even faster than the ones before. The expression on Rex's face said it all. Peace and happiness, as well as determination, were etched on his features as he took turn after turn, each tighter and smoother than the last, not a single movement wasted. Somehow, he was doing things with the car that should've been impossible, and yet, at the same time, why wouldn't such things have been possible? It's like he's at home on the track. Like he loves it and it loves him. He's… driven, Shiloh realized, coming to understand what he had said early. \"I get it now!\" she said, over the roar of the engine. \"Do you?\" he asked, not taking his eyes off the road, but smiling all the same. \"Yeah, I think I do,\" Shiloh said, smiling her own smile. \"It's being at home on the track, not feeling alive unless you're behind the wheel. It's knowing what the car needs before it needs it, because it, and the track, they both speak to you. It's you, as much as you are it.\" \"Sounds to me like you not only get it, you feel it,\" Rex said, grinning. \"What?\" Shiloh asked. \"The car, the track, it sounds like they're speaking to you Shiloh,\" he said. \"They can't be,\" Shiloh replied skeptically. Can they? She thought to herself. \"Oh no? Tell me when to punch it for the jump,\" Rex said. \"Are you crazy?!\" Shiloh protested as the jump got closer. \"I'm not punching it until you tell me to. So you better shut up and listen to what the car says to you,\" Rex warned. \"Rex!\" Shiloh cried frantically, seeing how close it was getting. \"Better start listening, otherwise we're going to crash,\" Rex said, sounding way too happy at the prospect of crashing. Shiloh looked to the right and to the left, desperately looking for some kind of marker. \"There isn't going to be a marker. You need to listen to what the car tells you. Just listen Shiloh,\" Rex said, his voice calm. Shiloh looked forward and almost freaked out at how close the jump was getting. Finally, desperate, she closed her eyes, listening to the sounds coming from the car. She heard the hum of the tires on the pavement, the roar of the engine, and many other smaller sounds. Finally though, one stood out to her. \"NOW!\" she cried, jerking her eyes open. Rex hit the jump jacks, launching the car into the air. They sailed through the air for a moment, breathlessly free, before the car once again hit the pavement and continued on. Shiloh laughed. \"We're alive!\" she said. Rex smiled, slowing down as they reached the finish line. He opened the door and they both climbed out. \"Did you see that?! I did it!\" Shiloh cried, jumping up and down. Rex laughed as he leaned against the car, his arms crossed. \"I did see it. In fact, that jump was the smoothest I've ever made. You heard the car better than I do,\" he said. \"Really?\" Shiloh asked, stopping her happy dance and turning to face him. \"Really,\" Rex said, nodding his head in affirmation. \"It looks to me like you're driven Shiloh. Maybe even more than I am. You could be a real racer.\" \"You think so?\" she asked. \"I'm not usually liberal with my praise. But you should definitely consider it,\" Rex asserted, his expression serious. Shiloh smiled, clasping her hands behind her back and lifting her head with a smile. \"It is nice, and it was fun driving with you today. But I don't think I'm racer material,\" she said, turning and smiling at Rex. \"I think you are. Just consider it. Now, did that drive help you with your interview?\" he asked. \"Definitely,\" Shiloh confirmed. \"Good. Any other questions?\" Rex asked. \"Nope. I think I've got everything I need for my paper,\" Shiloh said. \"In that case, I'll take you home,\" he said, popping back in the car and motioning Shiloh over. \"Thank you. But drive the speed limit please,\" she said. He laughed. \"Yes, ma'am.\" A/N: I reworked this some. Let me know what you guys think![Chapter 4] A/N: Sorry for this fic being so screwy last night. I was in the process of updating it with the edited version I had written a while ago when my mother made me go to bed. Apparently, I was falling asleep at my screen XD. Traveling internationally really takes it out of you. Anyways, let me know what you all think of the edits! I'm on break from college now so I'm going to try to update/edit everything on my profile. We'll see how it goes! Shiloh sighed, looking out over the empty dining area. It was Friday night and nobody was in the mood for pizza. Just end already so I can go, she thought. She sighed. At least I'm finally done and over with that essay . She had turned it in this morning, barely on time. Sure took a lot longer than I thought it would, she sighed, blowing a piece of hair out of her face. Guess I should clean the tables while no one's in here, she thought, reaching down to grab the cleaning supplies. As soon as she grabbed the surface cleaner the bell rang. \"Hi, welcome to Pizza Hut,\" she said, standing up. \"Oh!\" she cried, seeing who had walked in. It was Rex Racer and his brother Speed. \"Hello,\" she said. \"Oh hi! I didn't know you worked here,\" Rex said, the lie sliding like a brick off his tongue. \"Every weekend, and most weekdays,\" Shiloh deadpanned, deciding not to address the lie. \"Hey, you're the girl who did the paper on Rex!\" Speed said. \"That's right. And you're the boy who slammed the door in my face,\" she said, giving him a look. Speed chuckled nervously as Rex looked down at him. \"You did what?\" he said, his tone hard. \"It's okay. He thought I was an agent for one of the big sponsors trying to recruit you. You've got a first class manager Rex,\" Shiloh said, wiping off the counter with the rag. \"Maybe a bit overzealous of one too,\" he commented, giving Speed one last look before turning back to Shiloh. \"So, is tonight brothers in crime night or are you just picking up something to take home?\" Shiloh asked. \"Brothers in crime night!\" Speed said excitedly. \"We just came from Thunderhead!\" \"Ooh, fun. Not getting into too much trouble, right?\" Shiloh said, winking at Speed. \"Right!\" he said. \"Good. Now, what can I get you two racers?\" Shiloh asked. \"How about a large pepperoni,\" Rex said, placing a hand on Speed's head. \"Racing sure works up an appetite, doesn't it?\" Shiloh asked as she put in the order. \"It sure does!\" Speed said. Shiloh smiled. \"So how's that paper coming?\" Rex asked. \"Just turned it in today,\" Shiloh replied. \"You made Rex look good, didn't you?\" Speed asked, lifting himself a little with the help of the counter to see over. \"I tried my best, but your brother sure didn't make it easy,\" Shiloh teased. Speed laughed. \"Hey! I'll have you know I always look good, thank you!\" Rex complained. \"Sure ya do. Which is why your hair is currently sticking out in five different directions and why you have an imitation French mustache painted on with grease,\" Shiloh countered. Rex's eyes went wide before he wiped a hand under his nose, noticing that it came away greasy. \"Speed!\" Rex scolded. \"Whoops!\" he said, laughing slightly. Rex rolled his eyes. \"Here you go. Your pizza should be done in a few minutes,\" Shiloh said, handing him a wipe. \"Thanks,\" he said, wiping his upper lip. \"So whatcha doing working here?\" he asked as if he didn't already know. \"It's good money and they don't care that I'm only a freshman, so I can't complain,\" she said. Rex nodded. \"Large pepperoni!\" a voice called out from the back. Shiloh walked back and took it, handing it to Rex. \"Here you go. Have a nice night you two,\" Shiloh said. \"Yum!\" Speed said. \"Thanks, we will. I hope you get a good grade on that paper,\" Rex said. \"Thank you. Me too,\" Shiloh said. She watched as they walked out the door. Well, that was interesting, Shiloh thought, going to clean the tables. Monday morning came and \"A\" shone in red ink on Shiloh's paper. She smiled. \"Good work,\" her teacher said, before walking to the next student. I wonder if Rex would be interested in a copy, Shiloh thought, smiling down at the paper. Maybe I'll send him one. A/N: Sorry for this fic being so screwy last night. I was in the process of updating it with the edited version I had written a while ago when my mother made me go to bed. Apparently, I was falling asleep at my screen XD. Traveling internationally really takes it out of you. Anyways, let me know what you all think of the edits! I'm on break from college now so I'm going to try to update/edit everything on my profile. We'll see how it goes! ","Summary":" \"Alright, settle down class,\" the teacher at the front of the room said. Shiloh Warner removed he"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"brothers forever","Author":"DarkAngel19881","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5639880","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter one: Speed's POV~ I couldn't believe I was really going to race in the Grand Prix. It seemed way too good to be true, considering I had dreamed of doing this since I was a little boy. Reaching up I ran my hand through my jet black hair, some lessons were going to be learned today. I would prove to Royalton that the Grand Prix wasn't always fixed and after today, it would never be fixed again. I closed my eyes to take in the awesomeness of the moment. I had never felt so much passion for racing at one time, and I loved racing, it was in my blood. I could hear the excited chatter behind me and I tried to drown it out, I needed to focus on what I was about to do. But their excitement was contagious and I couldn't help myself. Opening my eyes I stared into the mirror that was in my locker. My green eyes were bright, and with the black hair and white leather uniform, my eyes seemed to stand out even more. I knew Trixie couldn't wait until afterwards all ready. Considering I had promised her that I would sweep her off her feet in front of the entire stadium and kiss her. I had to admit I was looking forward to it also, I was a guy after all. I glanced behind me at the clock that was stationed on the wall, it was nearly time to go. Now, I was nervous, there was no way I could deny it. I was confident that I would do well, it was just racing against these other drivers that had been driving a lot longer then I had been, some of them had even competed at the Grand Prix before and that gave them an advantage because they knew the track and I did not. Not, that it would stop me from trying to win, I always tried but I still couldn't help feeling nervous. Reaching into my locker I grabbed my leather jacket, as I slid it on my eyes fell on the last picture I had of Rex. I was standing beside Rex, and we were in front of the Mach 5, and Rex had his hand on my shoulder, and I had a grin wider then the Grand Canyon on my face. As I recall this picture was taken right before the Casa Cristo incident had happened and I had lost my older brother. I blinked back a few tears even after all these years had passed since Rex had died, I still missed him like it had happened yesterday. \" Rex, I wish you could see me now\" I whispered as one of the tears I was trying to keep at bay escaped and rolled down my face, \"I miss you so much, I wish I could see you once more.\" Raising my hand, I wiped the tear away, it was time to head to my car, and as I turned to exit into the long hallway that would take me into the stadium and to my car, I felt a sharp burst of pain go through my back and out of my stomach. Looking down I saw a sword blade sticking out, I groaned as the blade was jerked up, ripping my skin as it done so, about an inch. I couldn't describe to you the pain I felt at that moment only that it was the worst I had ever felt in my life. As I began falling, I reached out with my hands, hoping to steady myself so that maybe I could see who wanted to kill me. Suddenly the blade was jerked out, crying out in pain, I fell to the floor and clutched my stomach, bright red blood was flowing through my fingertips and I knew I wouldn't have very long to live. It made me sick to know I would die without getting to tell my family, that meant everything to me, goodbye. A few seconds later I heard hurried footsteps coming down the hallway towards me. And I thought it would be whoever had attacked me in the first place coming to finish me off. How wrong I was. \" Speed,\" a familiar voice said, stopping when he saw the small pool of blood I was lying in. \" Racer X\" I moaned, my stomach was hurting badly and I knew I was losing too much blood too fast. \" Speed, what happened\" Racer X asked looking at his watch and hitting button that was on the side. It would send a signal to the emergency crew that help was needed. Racer X crossed the few feet that separated us and kneeled down beside me. \" I didn't even see him coming\" I said weakly \"he came up behind me.\" Racer X muttered something under his breath that sounded a lot like coward to me. I think he knew I was dying because he took me in his arms, and holding me close he pressed his hand against the stomach wound, and tried to stifle the blood flow. But I knew I was also bleeding out of my back but I couldn't exactly do anything about that one. \" Speed, I haven't exactly been honest with you\" Racer X started. He paused as I sucked in a breath, I was hurting more now and I knew it wouldn't be a too much longer before my life was over. I stared at the black masked racer, that had befriended me and wondered what it was he had to say. \" Hang on Speed, help is on the way\" Racer X said. \" By the time they get here it will be too late to help me\" I said weakly barely able to get the words past my lips. \" I am your brother Speedy, I never died\" Racer X said and it sounded like he was close to tears. \" Why'd you leave for?\" I mumbled happy that my older brother would be with me during my final moments but sad that he had to see me go by someone else's hand. \" I wanted to make a difference in the racing world, like you would have done tonight, but I knew that Pop's didn't want me too.\" Rex Racer said softly \"So, I done the only thing that I could, that I knew would make him stop looking for me, I faked my own death.\" \" You have to tell Mom and Pop's that your still alive, maybe they won't hurt so much when I'm gone.\" I said wishing I would be able to tell them goodbye. \" You're going to be okay, Speedy,\" Rex said softly while adding more pressure to the wound in my stomach. \"you're gonna make it.\" Upon hearing more footsteps coming down the hallway, Rex tightened his arms around me, not seeming to mind that my blood was getting all over him. \" I'm NOT going to make it Rex, and you know it\" I muttered just as the Inspector Detector walked into the room, upon seeing Rex on the floor holding me, he rushed over and kneeled down beside us. \" What happened?\" he demanded, worry creasing his eyebrows. \" One of the creeps out there stabbed him through the back they,\" Rex said between clinched teeth \"didn't have the nerve to look him in the eye as they left Speedy to die.\" \" This has Royalton's name written all over it\" the Inspector Detector said. Gathering my strength I reached out and grabbed the Inspector's arm. \" Promise me, you will be able to pin this on Royalton\" I said before sinking back into Rex's arms. \" I will not rest until Royalton is behind bars and Taejo Togokahn will help me put him there\" Rex said, not wanting his little brother to die. I could feel my strength beginning to ebb away, and I knew I was getting even closer. \" Rex\" I said weakly \"I want you to hurt Royalton as much as he's hurt our family\" I closed my eyes \"do me a favor? Tell Mom and Pop's and Trix how much I love them and please look out for Spritle, I don't want him to end up like me\" \" You turned out fine\" Rex muttered silently praying that help would hurry up and get here in time to save his little brother's life. As Speed grew weaker and weaker, Rex felt like crying more and more. He did not want life to end this way for Speed. \" I'm meaning I don't want him to end up dead at a young age\" I muttered opening my eyes, I stared at Rex. \" I'm glad you could be with me right now.\" \" I wish I could have stopped it from happening.\" Rex said \"After all it's the older brothers job to protect their younger brother.\" \" Don't forget how much I love you\" I said even more weakly \"and please help Spritle, he won't understand why I'm gone.\" closing my eyes for the final time, my head lolled to the side, lifeless.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Speed Racer ~Rex's POV~ I leaned forward and laid my forehead on Speed's. As I held his body close, tears were beginning to fall, though I did not want them too. I couldn't fall apart right now, even though my heart was broken in my chest. I couldn't fall apart, not when I had a job to do. Opening my eyes, I stared at the pale, lifeless body of my little brother. \"I am so sorry,\" I whispered as I hugged him to me, I felt like screaming. This was not how this day was supposed to go. He was supposed to drive the pants off every single driver out there but now that couldn't happen. \"Speed, I am so sorry\" I cried out again even though I knew he couldn't hear me. \"please forgive me\" I mumbled under my breath. I stiffened when I felt a hand on my shoulder. It was the Inspector Detector. \"X, I am so sorry for your lose\" he said quietly. \"Being sorry won't bring him back\" I growled, knowing I should watch how I react around the Inspector because my job was on the line. I looked down at Speed's face and while holding him close, I raised my hand and brushed the hair out of his face. \"I never imagined this is how the day would be\" I said \"I always thought Speed would win the race not lose his life.\" \"Thing's do not always go the way we plan them too\" the Inspector Detector said \"while Speed's loss is unfortunate we still have to find another racer to take his place.\" I looked up at him and glared, my pain showing in my eyes. \"You will never find another racer like Speed, he was the greatest there ever was.\" I snapped. The Inspector Detector stood up when he heard footsteps coming down the hallway. It was the emergency crew that had arrived just moments too late. \"He's gone\" I said, tightening my hold on Speed's body. I didn't want to let him go. The crew came over to where I was sitting, holding Speed. They took the body from me and placed it on a stretcher. Before they could place the white sheet over his face, I stood and walked over to him. Staring down, I reached out and placed my hand on his face. \"I am so, so sorry I couldn't stop this from happening and I'm sorry I had to hide my identity from you, if people knew who I was, I would have been killed, but I do promise you I will find a way to help Spritle deal with the loss of you.\" I turned away as the lead EMT placed the sheet over Speed's face. \"Royalton, will pay for what happened here today. My little brother will not have died for nothing.\" I turned away as the EMT's rolled the stretcher out of the locker room. Taking a deep breath, I swallowed the tears and the heartache I was feeling. I had a job to do and I couldn't be torn up. I would grieve for Speed later, when I was not surrounded by people. \"His parents need to be told\" I said closing my eyes so I wouldn't see the blood on my hands, so I wouldn't see Speed's blood. I knew if I concentrated on it long enough the tears would come and I didn't need them to, not right now. \"They are your parents too\" The Inspector Detector said \"Besides I'm sure they know something is wrong Speed was supposed to have been in his car five minutes ago.\" \"I know, I just didn't plan on telling them I was still alive in this way\" I said \"In fact, I didn't plan on telling them at all.\" opening my eyes I glanced at my blood covered hands and muttered \"Speed's blood is on Royalton's hands now,\" my heart ached at the thought of having to tell my parents their second oldest child was dead, I knew since Spritle was so young he would have a really hard time dealing with it. I looked up when I heard footsteps coming down the hallway and I knew it would be Pop's and more than likely Spritle with him. I closed my eyes once more I did not want to tell them that Speed was dead. A few seconds later I heard a young voice cry out: \"Not Speed, Not my brother!\" I knew it was Spritle, what I did not know was that the sheet had fallen off of Speed and the EMT's had not bothered to put it back on before they had run into Pop's and Spritle in the hallway. I stepped out into the hallway to find Pop's demanding to know what had happened and Spritle was beside the stretcher shaking Speed. My heart broke watching him. \"Please Speed, you have to wake up\" Spritle pleaded a single tear making its way down his face \"you can't be gone you were supposed to take us to victory lane.\" Then it seemed to hit Pop's that his second child was dead. His face crumpled as he turned and looked at the pale lifeless version of his oldest son. \"Not you too\" he moaned \"you can't be gone too\" Spritle burst into tears when the still body of his big brother wouldn't wake. I felt like I had been stabbed in the heart as I watched the young boy cry out for Speed to come back. I wished then more then ever that I had been able to get there sooner, I would have been able to save Speed's life. Especially, since we had a feeling an attack would be made on Speed's life. I had never thought they would succeed. As I watched the scene unfolding I wondered if it was like this for Speed when he had been told that I was dead. Something told me it must have been because despite the differences in our age, Speed and I had been really close. It tore me up that I'd had to do what I'd done and I could no longer be in contact with my family but at the time it had been necessary. All of a sudden the sobbing Spritle spun away from Speed's bloody body and bolted down away down the long hallway. I looked at the Inspector Detector and he nodded. He took out a cell phone and quickly dialed a number. \"The youngest Racer just took off, we need a man to follow him\" he was quiet for a moment before he said \"make sure what happened to Speed does not happen to him.\" \"This place is a deathtrap\" I muttered to myself before I stepped out of the shadows and to where Pop's could see me. \"Spritle\" Pop's called out I knew he was torn between staying with Speed, though he knew that nothing more could be done for him, or going after Spritle who could get himself into a world of trouble. \"Pop's\" I called out quietly, feeling like I was making a mistake in reveling myself, but then again Speed had asked me to, and I would do anything he wanted me to. \"What do you want?\" Pop's snapped \"can't you see I have something going on?\" he seemed to ignore the fact that I had blood all over me, for all I knew he wasn't even really seeing me, just seeing through me. He glared at me and I sighed silently this would not be easy. \"I know that this is not the best time to tell you this\" I started \"but I'm going to tell you anyways, Rex Racer never died in that crash.\" \"What are you talking about? Of course he did\" Pop's exclaimed \"we buried him and who are you to bring up my son.\" I took a deep breath before replying. \"Because, I am him\" I watched confusion dawn on Pop's features. \"Rex died in that car crash\" Pop's said only this time he didn't sound so sure of himself. \"It wasn't me it was a criminal I had helped track down, if you want I can give you the logistics of the whole thing later.\" \"How do you expect me to believe that, especially right now when I have other things to think about\" Pops said looking towards Speed's body. I knew what I was about to say would make Pop understand because nobody outside the family other than Sparky. \"I took Speed to the Thunderhead track and I let him drive and Speed rolled us over. I always told Speed we only survived because he wore red socks.\" I wasn't sure if he knew that much but I hoped so I would do anything to get him to believe me at this point. \"How did you know that\" Pops' stammered \"I never told anyone outside the family that Speed rolled that car.\" \"I know because I was with him when he done it, I had plastic surgery after the fake crash\" I said, turning to where I couldn't see Speed's body lying there, I couldn't understand why the EMT's had just left him there, but it broke my heart to look at the body of someone who had just a little while earlier had been alive. \"Then you really are Rex\" Pops said \"we have so much to talk about but right now I have to find Spritle, he loved Speed so much, and I have to tell Ma and Trixie and Sparky about Speed.\" I looked at the Inspector Detector and nodded. I knew he would understand what I meant for him to do. With saying a word the Inspector turned away and walked out of the hallway in which we were still standing. \"Inspector Detector will tell them right now we need to find Spritle\" I said \"with Royalton here I wouldn't put it past him to try and hurt Spritle too.\" \"Hurt Spritle but he hasn't done anything to Royalton\" Pops' exclaimed. \"Royalton knows that Spritle meant the world to Speed and in his own mind he thinks that hurting Spritle would mean hurting Speed wherever he is now\" I said wishing I didn't have to be so blunt, but knowing that right now the man beside me needed to know the truth, and he needed to realize just how much danger his entire family was in. \"The man is crazy\" Pops said and with tears in his eyes he said: \"he can't hurt Speed no matter where he is now.\" I shrugged, wishing I could tell him more that Royalton would be dead by the end of the day. I didn't even know that but if I had my shot at him Royalton would be dead. \"Royalton will keep trying to harm those you love until you are completely destroyed.\" was all that I said. \"Which doesn't make sense because he had issues with Speed, not my family\" Pops said, \"why would he try to harm the rest of my family.\" \"We are talking about a man who is not playing with a full deck here,\" I said \"I don't know why, I just know that he will try.\" please read and review thanks lizzieten[Chapter 3] Chapter three: Pops I couldn't believe that Speed was really gone. And now come to find out my oldest son was still alive after all these years we had thought him dead. I didn't want to believe it, but here I was looking at him, standing before me. I could tell he was angry but I didn't know if it was because his little brother had died in such a harsh manner or if he didn't really want to explain to me why he had changed himself. I guess I could understand why he did it, back then I wasn't exactly supportive of his wanting to change the racing business. Now Speed was gone because he wouldn't conform and do what some big shot loser told him to, he lost his life. In the midst of all this confusion my youngest son, Spritle had ran off. I knew he was upset and he didn't understand why things were going the way they were, and truth be told I didn't understand why they were going this way. Rex having told me that Royalton would harm Spritle; succeeded in making me angry. No one should harm an innocent child, especially since he had absolutely nothing to do with the current situation. I felt like breaking down and sobbing but I needed to find Spritle, and knowing that Royalton would kill my little boy, made me wish I knew where Spritle had gone, so that I could protect him with my life if necessary. What he had done to Speed already made me angry enough to want to go and stab Royalton through his back. \"Speed, didn't deserve to have to die like that\" I said to break the silence that we had been traveling in. \"I know\" Rex said looking over at me \"he deserved to win this race many times over.\" \"What kind of man must Royalton be to have paid someone to stab a kid through the back\" I muttered and as I looked at Rex. I noticed he had dried blood all over him. \"You were with Speed?\" I asked when he caught me looking at him. \"Yes,\" Rex replied \"I arrived too late to save him but I was with him when he died.\" I noticed only a calm exterior but I wondered what he must be feeling on the inside, he had adored Speed before all this had happened and the Casa Cristo incident had taken Rex from us. \"Did he know who you were?\" I wondered out loud, remembering how much Speed had cried when Rex had first been supposedly dead. \"Yeah,\" Rex said quietly \"I had to tell him; I just couldn't let him die without him knowing that I was there for him.\" Rex turned silent after that and I understood his silence was his way of trying to keep his own pain at pay for the moment. \"He never stopped loving you\" I said remembering how Speed would always visit his brother's grave the day before a race. \"He never stopped missing you either; he always had your picture in his jacket during a race.\" I didn't realize Rex had been listening to my rambling until I looked up and saw tears in his eyes and I instantly knew that I was unintentionally causing him more pain. \"I'm sorry\" I said \"I guess I can't accept that Speed is gone.\" \"I wish that I could have helped him\" Rex said as we exited the hallway and came out into another hallway, here we stopped and Rex took out a cell phone. He quickly dialed the number and had it up to his ear before I could count to five. \"I'm looking for the youngest Racer\" Rex said while he talked I took in his features. His once dark hair was now a light blonde. Once upon a time he had looked like his mother now, he did not. I could tell he'd had plastic surgery and it made my heart break to know that I had driven him away and had forced him to fake his own death. I wished with all of my heart that I could take my words and actions back, but I couldn't and I doubted a simple apology would take away the pain I had caused him. A few minutes later, Rex had ended the call, without looking at me he said: \"He's in a bathroom near to where we are now\" without saying anything else, Rex made a left turn and headed down that hallway. I followed after him, worried about Spritle. I knew any words I had would not be enough to ease his pain. And I wondered if I would be able to do anything to help my little boy. He had loved Speed with all of his heart and I wondered if Speed's loss would scar Spritle for the rest of his life. I voiced my concerns to Rex who shook his head no. \"I doubt it; kids are pretty resilient when it comes to things like this.\" After that we came to the bathroom where Spritle was supposed to be hiding. \"You better go get him\" Rex said \"I don't want to scare him with all this blood I have on me.\" \"You're probably right,\" I said reaching out and pulling the door open. I saw Spritle immediately; he was huddled in the furthest corner away from the door. My heart broke as I watched him vomit as he sobbed, brokenly. \"Spritle,\" I said gently as I walked towards him, careful to avoid stepping in the vomit. Spritle looked up at me and I could see the pain in his light green eyes. He jumped to his feet and leaped into my arms. I wrapped my arms around him, and slid down to the tiles, while holding him. I wished that I could absorb my little boy's pain, I wanted too so bad; it wasn't fair that my little hyperactive son should have to suffer so much. \"Why did it have to be Speed, Pops?\" Spritle asked \"why did Speed have to die?\" \"I don't know\" I replied wishing my words would bring comfort to my hurting son. I closed my eyes so that Spritle wouldn't see the pain his questions brought me. I wasn't ready to admit my child was gone never to be seen again. \"I guess this man, Royalton couldn't stand the fact that Speed is a much better driver and a man then he ever will be.\" \"Who is he to decide who gets to live or die?\" Spritle said \"he had no right to take Speed away from us.\" \"I know\" I said softly \"in the end Royalton will get what he deserves because the truth will come out.\" \"He better not get away with taking Speed\" Spritle said his tears slowly coming to an end, but I knew more would be shed before Spritle would be able to move on. \"He won't\" I said \"I don't think Racer X will allow that to happen.\" I knew this to be true, I could see the pain Racer X/Rex was in when I looked at him. I had the feeling that he wouldn't hurt for nothing. He would pay Royalton back for what had happened today. \"What does Racer X have to do with anything?\" Spritle asked. \"He was with Speed when he died\" I replied, hating the words I had to say. \"Then why didn't he keep Speed from dying?\" \"He didn't get there until afterwards and by then it was too late to save Speed.\" A few minutes later, Spritle was calm enough to leave. Until he saw Racer X, when Spritle saw him, he went off kicking him and screaming at him. \"It's your fault my big brother is dead\" Spritle screamed; his tears once more streaming down his face. I quickly grabbed Spritle around the waist and pulled him away from Rex. As I did I noticed the tears in Rex's eyes and I wondered if they were because of the things Spritle had said to him. Then again I doubted it, I bet the tears were because, Spritle was so young yet he was hurting so bad. \"Spritle,\" I whispered \"it's not his fault, he called for help but they didn't get there in time.\" Spritle could not be calmed; he couldn't understand that Rex was in no way responsible for the death of his big brother. \"Spritle, I am very sorry about what happened\" Rex said gently \"I wished I could have gotten there sooner but I couldn't\" Spritle stopped fighting and just cried into my shoulder. I felt bad for Rex then, I could only imagine what he was feeling right now. Watching his youngest brother grieve for their lost brother; yet he was unable to experience his own grief out in the open. I wished I could find a place behind closed doors where he would be safe to just let out his emotions, but I knew he wouldn't want to do that until we were all safe first. \"I want Speed back\" Spritle sobbed and I rubbed his back gently. \"I know you do\" I said gently \"I do too\" I wished with all of my heart that I could bring Speed back and end Spritle's pain. \"You know if I could I would bring him back\" I doubted these words comforted Spritle as much as I hoped they would. \"Why would he want to come back?\" Spritle said against my shoulder \"I got on his nerves\" I froze for a moment, closing my eyes I felt a few tears drift down from my eyelid. I hoped that Spritle didn't really believe that, because I knew it wasn't true. Speed had loved his little brother, everyone knew it, and we could all see it in Speed's actions every single day. Rex who had turned his back to us, to give us some semblance of privacy, turned back around to look at Spritle. I could see pity in his eyes. I knew at one time that Speed had thought that he had gotten on Rex's nerves, but even if Speed had thought it; he had never given it voice, because I knew Rex would have shot it right down. I just wished Speed was here to do the same thing for Spritle; I knew he would listen to Speed. But alas, if Speed were here we wouldn't be here to doubt how much Speed loved for his little brother. I pulled Spritle close to me and just held him, for a few moments before speaking quietly. \"Spritle, Speed loved you. You meant the world to him\" I said soothingly \"I bet he wishes he could come back and end your hurt.\" Spritle continued to cry and I wished I knew the words that would bring him some comfort. \"We should go now\" Rex said \"it won't be long until Royalton's goons discover that your family has disappeared.\" Spritle said nothing but he pulled back and looked at Racer X. \"Does mom and them know about Speed yet?\" \"The Inspector Detector is having them moved to a safer location and then he is going to tell them\" Racer X replied, as we once again began moving. I could sense just how willing Rex was to once again protect his family from the danger we were now facing. Even this time we were heading towards an exit and I had the feeling we wouldn't be watching the race today, not after what happened to Speed. \"You really believe Royalton will have my family killed?\" I asked the idea seemed preposterous to me. But something inside told me he would, the man wasn't exactly playing with a full deck. \"Yes, I do\" Racer X replied \"your family knows the truth about him and he can't have anybody knowing the truth because it's a risk that he will end up in jail and he wants more money.\" \"Of course, he would end up in jail, he murdered my son\" I exclaimed my anger towards Royalton slowly reaching the boiling point. I was ready to go hunt Royalton down myself and make him pay. I had the feeling that Rex could sense what I was feeling because he placed his hand on my shoulder and said. \"Do no do anything stupid. Leave Royalton to me and I promise I will make him pay. Speed will be avenged and not a hair harmed on your family's head.\" I couldn't doubt the sincerity I saw in Rex's eyes nor the pain I could hear in his voice, I knew he would make Royalton pay. sorry it took me so long to update but I have been writing more chapters for this one Lizzie10[Chapter 4] Chapter four: Spritle I couldn't believe my big brother was dead; I didn't want to believe it. For as long as I could remember Speed has always been there and now I was facing the rest of my life without him. The thought was thoroughly excruciating but Royalton had made that decision for my family. Racer X had led us out of the stadium and towards a bunch of parked vehicles. I didn't like this guy; after all he was the Harbinger of Boom for crying out loud. Who was he to have been with Speed when he died? It wasn't like the guy was family or anything. I guess Pop's thought I should be grateful towards racer X for trying to save Speed; in the end though it didn't matter because my brother was dead. Nothing would ever change that fact for me. We stopped at a black windowless van and Racer X opened the side door for us. I paused before getting in and glared at him. \"We need to hurry up and get off the grounds before Royalton finds that we are gone\" just then some majorly built guys had just exited the stadium and were heading in our direction. I could tell this news bothered Racer X because he pushed me into the van and slammed the door shut before heading to the driver's seat. Before I even had my seatbelt on, Racer X was in the front jamming the key into the ignition. As soon as the engine had started Racer X slammed his foot down on the gas pedal and away we went away from the sounds of guns going off. \"How do we know you weren't the one who killed Speed?\" I asked thinking this was a pretty fair question since he had separated Pop's and me from the rest of our family. \"Spritle,\" Pop's muttered laying a hand on my shoulder. \"Why are we not with our family?\" I asked another question as it seemed that Racer X wasn't going to answer my other question. \"Speed was a good friend of mine, I would never have hurt him\" Racer X replied to my surprise I had thought he had chosen to ignore my question. I noticed Racer X looking in the rearview mirror and saw him and Pop's exchange a look and I noticed Pop's mouth not yet. \"As for being away from your family, you will be reunited with them in just a little bit\" Racer X said answering my other question. I went silent after that, staring at the floor and losing myself to my memories. Speed had just one the thunderhead race and he had stayed out late celebrating with his girlfriend, Trixie, before he came home and went directly to bed. The next morning when Speed had gotten up and sat down at breakfast only to be interrupted moments later by none other than the vile Royalton who claimed he wanted Speed to be one of his drivers, Royalton took us all to his company and showed us around. While it had been pretty impressive, I didn't think that it the relationships between the workers was anywhere near as good as it was at Racer Motors. And in the end Royalton had given Speed a choice, one in which Royalton thought was too good to be turned down; but in the end it had been turned down anyways because Speed had realized he was better off with his own families company. The day Speed had turned Royalton's offer down, I had snuck off with Speed who had remained unknowing until after the whole meeting had gone sour, and Royalton had told his brother that every single Grand Prix had been fixed for a long time. Of course, then I had been caught, after getting a behind the scenes look at how the cars were really made with spearhooks in their underbelly. Of course, I never realized what any of this had meant at the time. I wished I had known then that turning down Royalton would spell trouble. Even if Royalton had basically said he'd make the Racer families life hell. I had never thought that to mean killing Speed, but I guess even murdering an innocent person got Royalton what he wanted; and left us in a world of grief, it wasn't fair. Speed didn't deserve to die, for essentially believing the best about a sport for crying out loud. Guess we learned just how bad the real racing world is if someone doesn't get their way. I closed my eyes as I felt tears begin to fall. I had never thought that this day of all days would end in pain and tragedy. I wanted Speed to win this race but most of all I just plain wanted Speed back. I would never annoy him again if it only meant that he was alive and well. I felt a gentle hand on my shoulder and I knew Pop's was trying to find the words that would make me feel better. I appreciated the effort on his part but it was wasted effort nonetheless. At this point nothing anyone said or done could ever make me feel better again; aside from giving me Speed back that is. A few minutes and several left and right turns the van we were traveling in came to stop and the side door was opened by the Inspector Detector. I stared at him for a moment before getting out with Pop's following right behind me. The Inspector Detector led us into what was obviously the C.I.B.'s home base. The Inspector led us into the building which, if it hadn't been for all the offices decorating the hallway, I would have thought it was just another desolate building for lease or whatever. It only took me a few seconds to realize that it was only the three of us walking down the hall because Racer X had stayed with the van. I wondered about him, like what had made him decide to join the C.I.B. What really bothered me the most however, was what had Racer X been doing in the locker room in the first place. He wasn't racing so it wasn't like he was getting dressed and had just happened to find Speed bleeding to death on the floor. There was just something about the man that did not add up. All I knew was he didn't get there in time to help Speed and now Speed was dead. For that I blamed Racer X. A few minutes and a couple of flights of stairs later and we arrived at a room that suspiciously looked like an interrogation room. Stepping into it I noticed that it was a fairly uncomfortable looking with no windows but a huge two sided mirror on the other side of the room. Sighing, I went to the furthest corner away from any person. Mom, Trixie and Sparky were not here and I could not help but feel as if I had been tricked. I drew my knees up to my chest and placed my head on them. This day was quickly turning into a nightmare. Closing my eyes, I took a deep breath and I saw a blood covered Speed standing before me. I could see that he was very angry and I didn't understand. Why was I even seeing him to begin with?\" \"I'm dead Spritle and its all your fault.\" Speed said \"you are such an annoyance; it's a wonder Mom and Pop's can even stand you.\" \"No,\" I moaned \"how are you even talking to me?\" \"It's your fault I'm dead Spritle, I hate you!\" Speed screamed at me and all of a sudden wherever I was the place started shaking and the whole world felt like it would fall apart but the shaking did not stop. I jerked awake when the shaking got a little rougher. I looked up to find it was Racer X who had woke me up. \"You were screaming\" was all he said before heading back to where the Inspector Detector was standing talking to a nearly inconsolable Mom. I noticed Sparky was standing beside Pop's with a look on his face that said he couldn't believe what he had just heard. Trixie was sobbing quietly into her hands. My family had finally been told that Speed was indeed dead. I felt shivers run down my spine as I remembered my dream. It had been so very real; I could still see the anger in Speed's eyes. I could practically feel the hate rolling off of him. He blamed me for taking his dreams away from him. I began to feel guilty then; maybe he was dead because of me. Maybe somehow I had driven him crazy and that's why he said no to Royalton. Tears began to fall down my face despite the still ever present nightmare; I wanted my big brother back. I felt a hand on my shoulder, when I looked up it was Mom. I wished I could take the deep sadness out of her eyes, that I knew would probably remain in her eyes for a long time to come, if it ever would leave her eyes. \"Speed's dead because of me\" I mumbled before laying my head back down on my knees. My tears continued to fall and the thought that kept running through my head was that my big brother hated me. ","Summary":" Chapter one: Speed's POV~ I couldn't believe I was really going to race in the Grand Prix. It seeme"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"Ju-On Returns","Author":"xDatxEverythingxFangirlx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10015003","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It had been several days since the girl had entered that \"haunted\" okia. And, she was growing more and more paranoid. Seeing more than usual. They'd said it held \"a grudge\". Basically, when someone died in the grip of a powerful rage, their souls would haunt the house and the grudge would take any life that passed by it. When she saw the ghastly white little boy and woman in that house, she'd thought it was her Schizophrenia acting up again. And, Paranoid Schizophrenia was a mental illness she was constantly battling. So, it didn't surprise her when people found her ridiculous or dismissed it completely. Ayako had gone in with a friend, and, left with her friend, who'd claimed she didn't seem a thing. So, perhaps it WAS the disorder kicking in with a new found paranoia. But, the girl couldn't shake off the feeling that it was something else. Something darker. Maybe the grudge DID exist. Maybe it'd come for her because she'd intruded upon the property. But, in that case, shouldn't Fumi be haunted or something, too...? Why was it only her...? Today, she was locked up in her bedroom. On her computer. Searching. Trying to find any clues she could. Her heart wretched at the lack of answers. Too much of it was pointing to her Schizophrenia acting up. No way she was going back to that damn institution! Finally, with an exasperated sigh, she gave up, leaning back in the chair that sat in front of her desk. The teen's brown eyes fell to the floor, then, her gaze slid to her window. Black curtains, like always. She had a room fit for a nerd. Wall scrolls from various animes and posters littered her walls, while video games and mangas, animes covered the floor. Standing, Ayako sifted her way through the mess and made it to her bedroom's window. She pulled aside the curtain and peeked out. One glance revealed that same woman standing outside of her small balcony, staring at her with wide, blood shot eyes. Her irises were a deep, pure black, and her hair was the same. A long, tangled mess of unmanaged tresses. The girl screeched, and fell back almost immediately, closing her eyes tight and moving her hands to hold her head. Of course, the creature was gone the second the female dared to open her eyes. What had she just seen!? Why again!? She was growing quite tired of these beings revealing themselves to her. They were...terrifying. Pure white. The woman made weird, groaning noises and crawled in a way that resembled someone she'd seen in a movie about possessions before. As if half of her joints weren't there. She dragged herself along, and her eyes bore into the girl every time. Meanwhile, the boy hissed and made cat-like noises, and the inside of his mouth was black. The little boy, whom she'd come to know as Toshio, usually brought on the revealing of the older thing. These sights tortured her young, disoriented mind. Was it really just Schizophrenia? It all just seemed to real... With her body broken into a light sweat, the teen pushed herself back to her feet. A shaky stand. As quickly as she could manage, Ayako yanked her curtain closed again, swallowing. It was a hard task through the lump that invaded her throat, but, she managed. Her head fell against the wall, brown, flowing locks hiding her face and falling loosely over her slender shoulders. That tan flesh was bathed in the pale light of her desk lamp and laptop light, while the rest of the small room was shrouded in the darkness. It scared her. No overhead lights for the evenings, just a lamp. The girl hadn't even straightened up before she heard the familiar croaking noise. Her eyes shot open, and, they drilled into the carpet of her bedroom floor. her teeth clenched to her lower lip, and her fist tightened beside her head on the wall, and, her tall, thin frame trembled. Her breaths became fast and shallow, and mentally, the teen reminded herself that it was just her Schizophrenia. However, when she felt hands pressing to her back, a shrill scream passed her lips. Ayako's head whipped around, hair landing in her face as she was forced face to face with the thing that was haunting her. The woman pressed closer, nails digging into the girl's jacket and stomach, breaking the skin. Her blood shot eyes were inches away, and, face before the Schizophrenic's, she made that groaning noise, ignoring the shrieks of the female in her grasp. It didn't take a lot of effort for the Grudge to drag the girl into the opened closet doors. She was feather light, tall, nearly anorexic in stature. However, the girl struggled, thin hands latching onto what ever she could just to hang on. Her hands gripped her blankets on her bed as she was so helplessly dragged across the matress, but, the second her fingers curled onto her headboard, the tugging stopped, and she fell back onto her bed, still screaming. The white figure was gone, now, and her heart was racing, loudly thudding against her chest. In a few moments, her father burst through her bedroom door, and spotted his daughter curled up onto her bed, gripping the blankets and pillows and sobbing. Those gasps in between the cries were painful for him to hear, and, his downturned gaze revealed that disappointed look. His child was hallucinating again. She hadn't taken her medicine. Those were the thoughts that crossed his mind, while the girl on her bed could only struggle. \"D-doza...\" She whimpered, looking up to him with a tear-streaked face he couldn't refuse. The man sighed and waltzed to her bed, dropping down to a sit beside her small body and gently rubbing her back. She blurbed out clumsily the story of what had happened, and, he could only nod in fake understanding. His words in returns were soft whispers, while his fingers combed through his daughters silky locks. \"Do we need to get you back to the hospital...?\" \"N-No! Y-you're not listening to me! I-it really happened! W-why don't you believe me!?\" The girl sobbed and screamed, sitting upright and beating on him with bony fists that did no damage. He sighed, and his hands grabbed her thin wrists, leaving her helplessly writhing in his firm grip. Finally, she stopped, and her head dropped, leaving her silently crying. His heart ached. The man would take her up to the ward first thing in the morning. Get her medications. Try to fix up her mind. A little, at least. A few minutes passed, and he let go, embracing her and kissing the too of the girl's head before leaving her bedroom. He didn't bother to turn off any of the light she always left on. He'd do it when she fell into slumber's grasp. When he was gone, Ayako curled up under her blankets, and hid from the darkness. Her eyes shut her out of the outside world, and she was left with the broken thoughts of her shattered mind. She could feel more tears burning at her eyes as her hands ran along her sides, pushing past her jacket. The tips of her slender digits met the marks the demonic being had left, and, she licked the wetness from them. She'd actually bled. It WASN'T just a hallucination! If she could prove it, well, maybe her father would realize she WASN'T crazy right now. Her shreds of sanity that remained were functioning, and screaming at her to leave. However, she had nowhere to go. That wouldn't be a problem. Not tonight. The pale figure was back, standing in her closet. Just waiting for it's prey. In slow steps, it approached the teen's bed, and stood over the girl cloaked by her blankets. A couple more minutes passed, and the girl finally poked her head out. Taking a deep breath of the cool air in her bedroom eased her mind. But, when her eyes cracked open, she saw the figure above her and screamed again. That was the last noise she'd ever make. When her father burst into her room for the second time that night, he found his little girl dead on her bed. It looked like her heart had given out, or she'd been strangled. Her face was pale, and her lips were nearly blue. Her eyes were wide and bloody. He gasped, and put a hand to his mouth to stifle a startled cry. Desperately, his large hands slowly moved to grip her shoulders, and he attempted to shake her awake. However, it was clear within just a couple of short moments that the girl was not to exit this sleep. All he could do was call out her name and beg for her to wake. Unsuccessful, he felt the tears burn at his eyes. \"It finally got her... Damn that woman!\" Ayako's mother had a history of mental illness in her family that her father hadn't heard about until the pair was married with their daughter on the way. He'd assumed her heart had gotten overworked by the mental disorder, and that it had just given out. The poor thing. But, when he saw an unfamiliar rope of black, tangled hair around her slim throat, his eyes widened. What the Hell was THAT!? It was tight. The man had to work to slide his thick finger's underneath it. When he got them in, he tugged, and, the hair broke. He cautiously brought the hair to his face and inspected it with narrowed ebony eyes. Then, he heard it, too. That groaning noise. He turned his head slowly to face the being behind him. The man's eyes caught only the smallest glimpse of the woman before he felt her hands on either side of his face. Violently, she jerked her hands and his neck made a sickening crack. Mother and son now stood over his dead body, gazes shifting between the family. Broken. Like theirs had been. She looked almost sorrowful with her blank gaze. The boy looked up to the woman, and, the black cat that had strutted in let out a loud meow. Their heads turned to face it, and, before long, the things were gone. It was a couple days later when the police found the family dead in their apartment. They could only click their tongues. All signs pointed to asphyxiation by gas leak. How it had leaked, though, was unrevealed. So, they were left to ponder. Some of the detectives asked around. Class mates revealed that the girl had a sort of history of insanity, but, nothing else was learned that pointed to the deaths. Left clueless, the investigation grew cold. It was happening more and more. But, lack of evidence made further inspection useless. Hopes dashed, police gave up. However, this was only the beginning for the exorcists.[Chapter 2] News of her best friend's death was devastating. Especially regarding the way she died. Asphyxiation by a gas leak? That just didn't sound right to Fumi. When the police explained it to her, she squinted, eyes clearly expressing disbelief. They couldn't REALLY be telling her Ayako died like THAT? The girl bit her lip and nodded, though, when they asked if she understood. \"Hai... I'll be leaving, now...\" The police had asked to speak to the girl many other students had pinned as a close friend of the recently deceased Schizophrenic. Hell, they'd caught Fumi on her way home from school. She still wore her uniform. The Suginami ward schools always had uniforms for the high schools. The uniform on this girl's petite body consisted of a dark blue pleated skirt, a white button-up with a cream-coloured sweater vest, a blue button up blazer, and a black pair of loafers. She'd worn it the whole... \"discussion\". She'd thought it more of an investigation considering they'd asked more than they'd the time she'd escaped the police, night had fallen. The girl cursed under her breath and increased her walking pace, both hands curling around her shoulder bag straps. It wasn't as if she was at all afraid of the night streets. They were generally safe. Plus, in her bag was a can of pepper spray. Her parents wanted to keep her safe, after all. As the female strode to her home, images began flashing through her mind. Of the home on the hill around Takaido. Of her lost friend. It'd been about five days since she'd last seen her friend. Three if you didn't count the days she was dead. She had been nervous to enter the house that was supposed to be haunted, and Fumi couldn't blame her. However, the paranoid girl was her best friend, and she hadn't wished to enter alone. So, as a loyal companion, Ayako had gone with her. The moment they entered, both had sensed something off. There was no \"do not enter\" tape. The doors weren't even locked. The interior was messy, and the aroma of gasoline had spread through the home. It was dark, and no light of day protruded. Instead, the girls used their cell phones to illuminate their way. The lower floors were where the odour remained. The upstairs didn't reek so badly. The halls were narrow, and the rooms were small. One in particular had a closet that was lined with cheap brown duct tape. Against their better judgement, the girls had torn it off, and hesitantly slid the door open. THAT was when Ayako had seen the ghost. She said it was a woman with hair covering a good portion of her face in dark tangles. Her flesh had been white, and here eyes were a solid black. It had startled her friend into a panic attack. Fumi had dragged the hyperventilating teen out, and, once they were a safe distance away, the taller girl just started spewing stuttered, terrified words. A few times, she'd been cut off by what the shorter assumed had been a hallucination, of which drew out a scream. It had been enough to convince Fumi that Ayako needed a break from school. That her mind was too stressed to function well. Maybe her friend HAD seen something, though...? Just because Fumi didn't see it, didn't mean it wasn't real... The curse, maybe THAT had been what did it...? She could only ponder. Passing by storefront after storefront with dimmed glass display cases, one in particular caught the teen's bright blue eyes. One of them held a small male. He was sheer white, and his hair was of the deepest ebony. His eyes were pure onyx, and, he proded his small hands at a black cat that strutted around the case. She jumped at the sight, and he glanced up at her innocently. His gaze sent a chill up the student's spine, and he opened his mouth as if he were going to speak. The noise that came out though, was an animalistic, cat-like screech. Fumi's hands rushed to cover her ears, and she gasped, running from the window. The shop owner stared at her with a sort of wonder clear in his eyes. A few buildings ahead was where the girl stopped to catch her breath. Her hands covered her chest, and she inhaled in slow, steady ways. Though, her body trembled, and her knees knocked, threatening to give out from under her. Turning so her back faced the wall of the store she stood in front of, the girl sighed, leaning back against a wall, hands sliding from her chest to run through her light brown locks, oceanic orbs cast out into the street before her. Almost directly across from her was an alley way, in which she saw that boy again. It nearly gave her a heart attack, with the way he just stared at her. Eyes unblinking, completely still. From behind, she felt cold hands place themselves on either side of her face. Her back was to the brick wall, and nobody could have POSSIBLY stood behind her. When Fumi reluctantly looked up, she screamed, and she could feel her heart nearly leap into her throat. Standing above her was a woman with black locks that were messy and strewn about, eyes just like the boy's. Except, hers were bloody, and, a dribble of the deep crimson substance dropped onto the female's almond cheek. The girl's mouth contorted into a weak sort of pleading form, and she could only whimper. Her eyes yanked themselves closed. These... These were the people Ayako had ranted about seeing for the past few days! That COULDN'T be right! There was NO WAY Fumi was going crazy! Her eyes ripped open just a couple of short seconds later, and, the woman who'd held her face was gone, as was the child with his feline. What was this...? Did that house REALLY have a grudge...? Did things like this actually exist, or was Fumi slipping from her sanity just like her best friend? The teen rushed home. It didn't take long to make it to her home. On the gates, her family name, Nakamura, was proudly painted in thick, black kanji. Inside, the chilled air disappeared, and a sense of relief began forming. Her family could protect her from these beings. With slowness, the girl slipped her shoes off, then set her school bag down. Her steps through the house were silent, and the noises were reassuring. Her sister was in the living room, watching television, while her parents were being playful, as always, in the kitchen. Fumi's younger sister, Chieko, smiled up to her from the couch, with missing teeth. The girl was only about eight or nine years old, and in a young grade. Her uniform was removed and replaced with a pair of flannel pajamas. She looked comfortable, but noticed her sibling's unusual sort of alertness. So, she crawled off of the couch and scurried to her sister, taking the small hand within both of hers and dragging her to be seated at the couch. \"Kobanwa, Fumi-san. Are you alright?\" \"H-hai... I'm fine, Chieko-chan...\" She let out an uneasy laugh, and, the girl smiled unsurely. Her head cocked to one side as she plopped down beside her sister. Soon enough, Fumi's parents began drifting into the room, singing and chirping brightly, as usual. The girl's had good parents, who always found a solution to any problem. Who always had a positive outlook and can-do attitude. The girls appreciated it growing up, too. A lot of other parents were strict and stern. \"Kooooobannnnwaaaa, my daughters~\" Their father seemed to serenade as he leaned down to each girl, planting a tender kiss on their foreheads. Fumi whined, and Chieko giggled. When the elder sister made a disapproving noise, he leaned down further, big hands taking her face into them while he rubbed. She pushed away, trying not to laugh. \"Awww Fumi-Chaaaan what's the matter?\" \"Daaaad! I'm not seven anymore!\" She declared, pushing him away with a huff. The man laughed, and nodded. \"That's right. You're what... Eleven, now?\" \"Daaaad!\" \"Alright, alright~! Girls, go wash up for dinner! We're having sukiyaki tonight!\" Both girls cheered and paraded to the bathroom of the home. Both shoved each other aside to gain access to the sink. For a while, Fumi forgot all about the creatures that had terrorized her earlier. They completely slipped her mind. Her family had a way of curing things like that. She smiled, and, once her hands were washed, dashed from the bathroom, for the kitchen, where her mother was setting their dinner out on the kotetsu. Fumi gently slid her skirt to rest smoothly beneath her, and sat on her feet, while her younger sister raced into the room, nearly slipping once her socked feet met the hardwood floor of the kitchen. As quickly as her sibling had, Chieko dropped down, while her parents divvied up the meat and stew into bowls, and served the meal. The family prayed, before digging on in. Everyone let out sighs of relief with the taste of a successful meal. The conversations started up, about the going of everybody's day, and, when it came Fumi's turn to share, she'd nearly forgotten about the horrifying events from her walk home. \"Well... The police wanted to talk to me about Ayako...\" She started solemnly, \"And I had to agree. When I left, it'd gotten dark...\" \"Haaaaiiii, so THAT'S why you were so late.\" Her father nodded, as did she. \"Hai. On my walk home... Well, I thought back...\" She swallowed. It'd be difficult to explain intruding upon the house believed to be haunted. Her parents would likely be disappointed. However, the girl knew it was important, and trudged on through the story. \"About the house Ayako and I checked out...\" \"Which house?\" Her mother blinked. Her tone was acquisitive, and, it made her daughter wince. \"The house on Takaido...\" \"The Saeki house!?\" Her father nearly choked on a bit of steak in his mouth, and her mother rubbed his back. He cleared his throat before speaking again. \"What in the world were you doing there, Fumi!? Don't you know it's cursed!?\" Of course, the last part of what he said was teasing, and her mother slapped his back lightly. \"Well... Yeah, that's why I wanted to check it out... Ayako came with me because I was too scared to go alone... And, when we got to look in a closet, she had a panic attack, so, we left... She said she saw things. I didn't really... Understand. I thought it was her Schizophrenia acting up. But, she described to me what she saw...\" \"And what, exactly, did she see?\" Her father questioned pointedly, eying his daughter up and down. \"Well... I think I saw it, too... I couldn't before, but... She described a woman who was a pure white, in a white dress... Her hair was messy and dark, and so were her eyes... Her eyes were blood shot. And... And she made this weird croaking noise! Then, there was this little boy... He was also white, with black hair and eyes... H-he made cat noises and always has this black cat with him...\" \"YOU saw them...? Are you sure her crazy didn't rub off on you?\" Chieko asked innocently, and, her mother frowned, brows knitting. \"Chieko!\" \"No! I'm NOT crazy! I-I saw something...!\" The teenager nearly whimpered, and her father scooted closer to carefully hold her while she ranted. \"S-she grabbed my face! A-and the boy was playing in the Kojima General Store window! H-he HISSED at me! A-and, some of her blood hit my face!\" But, her flesh was clean, untouched. Maybe her friend's death was stressing her out in a way that was thoroughly unhealthy. \"Fumi... You're just stressed out, Honey... You're mind's tired... Why don't you take the day off tomorrow and just relax, hai?\" Her father spoke soothingly, holding his child close and humming lovingly. Tearing up, the girl nodded, sniffling to stifle sobs. Chieko groaned. Her dinner was gone, and, it was time for a bath. When she asked, her mother decided her older sister got the first bath of the night. Gratefully, Fumi stood, and straightened out her skirt before starting towards her bedroom. Nothing was abnormal, or out of place. Nothing was there that shouldn't have been. It was relieving. Her heart beat was steady, and her body wasn't trembling. She browsed her bedroom until she found her towel and a clean change of pajamas for herself. Instantly, she left, flicking the light off behind her and sliding her bedroom door closed. Down the hall, and up the stairs, she made her way to the bathroom and shut the door behind her, sliding the lock into place and setting her clothes on the counter. Fluidly, the teen slipped out of her school uniform, tossing it into the laundry bin and stripping herself of her underwear, as well. Once she was completely ridden of clothing, she started up the bathwater. Hot, as she liked it. Slowly, the tub filled. The water nearly reached the brim when Fumi turned the faucet off and slid in. It was relieving, the steam and the hot water that smoothed out the goosebumps on her tanned flesh. Her hands rubbed her arms, and a look of calmness spread over her features as her eyes closed. It was nice to again forget about what she'd seen that day. Maybe she WAS just stressed. After all, these sort of things happened to people grieving all the time, right? However, when she felt a hand sliding up the inside of her thigh, her eyes bolted open. There, at the foot of the tub, was the woman. Fumi's blue eyes widened, and she whimpered pathetically. The white hand seemed to explore her skin, while the black eyes of the ghost examined their prey's body. Small in both height and weight. Her mouth opened, and that groaning noise was emitted. She appeared to be halfway through the wall. The teen let out a shrill shriek, and her father and mother immediately perked their ears and called up to her. Before Fumi was aware of what was going on, the woman's ebony locks found their way around her neck and pulled her around, slipping in the tub. Water sloshed onto the floor, and she was dragged to the drain, under the water. She couldn't breathe, and her bright eyes were opened to stare at the ceiling as she tried desperately to escape the hair around her neck. Her body thrashed about, and her hands yanked at the tight, unrelenting locks. Soon enough, her father was ramming at the bathroom door. He'd not been able to simply enter due to the lock. Damn teenage girls and their need of privacy! When he finally broke the screen door down, he found his daughter's lifeless body floating in the tub. Her lips were parted, and her eyes were open. He yelled out, and his wife close behind, screamed at the sight. Chieko tried to enter the room, but, upon her father's command, her uncontrollably sobbing mother pushed her along into the living room. The man slowly walked to the sight. There were thick black tresses wrapped around the girl's neck. Had they not cleaned out the drain...? His wife DID have long, dark hair. But... This dark? No. Not that dark at all. He could only helplessly break the things that seemed to be made of steel but a few moments ago. His darker orbs looked her over, before he fell to his knees in the wet mess, sobbing, head resting on the edge of his home's bathtub that had drowned his daughter at the age of sixteen. It just seemed so awful. Not once did he think to link it back to the sight she'd claimed to have seen earlier that day. His mind was too grief wrapped. The mortified family went on the next few days to grieve the loss of their eldest daughter. Her room went unused, and, over the days, they just tried to forget about the girl. Sometimes, Chieko would pass by her sister's room, and see a shadow in there. It would coo her closer. A girl in white. She looked like a ghost of her sister. But, when the figure claimed to be Fumi, she showed no fear. Just joy. Joy to have her sister back. A few months later, the Nakamuras lost their younger daughter. She fell out of a window. And, shortly after, the parents Emiko and Masao Nakamura, were found dead. They'd hung themselves with black ropes. Another family broken. Neither Toshio, nor Kayako looked back. They did what they had to. The intruders were dealt with, and their presence went undetected. Exorcists were left to wonder. ","Summary":" It had been several days since the girl had entered that \"haunted\" okia. And, she was growing mor"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"Juon:The start of Life meets the Deadine of Death","Author":"Yami Kuroi Sephiroth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8329661","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A creak of the floor boards A rattling of bones A startled gasp A other-worldly rattle I pointed the flash light in my hand towards the ceiling, holding my breath, the only sound filling the silence was the pounding of heavy rain against the roof-top. Visibility was poor in this pitch black; I was lucky to have found a flashlight at the door. I released my breath, having heard nothing out of the ordinary. \"a-ah...ah..aa-ah...\" I whirled around, the dry croaking sending shivers down my spine. I pointed the light at a door that was now slightly ajar; that's strange. It had been locked tightly not a few minutes ago... I reached out with my hand, trembling fingers wrapped around the metal knob, and slowly the door opened, revealing another room. That night, a scream of terror tore through the dead night that no one would forget. If they heard at all. Here, no one will save you. For the Curse has been reborn.[Chapter 2] Say hello to a new Fanfiction! Again, with my writers block, I just end up starting new stories. This here is a Ju-on the Grudge Fanfiction that take place in time with the Wii game. I do not own Ju-on, only the plot and an O.C. Here, I want you to try this; instead of reading this like it was Kyoji's POV, imagine YOU being the one entering the house. Replace his POV with yours. Enjoy! Chp 1 Kyoji's POV My screaming continued as the bloody cold hand tried pulling me into the dark room, fear gripping my heart like a crushing vice. All I wanted was a little shelter from the rain and a place to rest, not a hive of zombies! Sure, I love the Occult, but at the moment I was terrified. Gleaming red eyes stared at me from the darkness, paralyzing me; allowing the owner of the offending hand to drag me into the room, door locking behind me. As it let go, I scrambled to my feet, flash light scanning the room. My guess was that this was a bedroom, seeing that there was a small child's bed and then a twin-sized bed on the other wall, the surface decorated with childish drawings of bloody monsters and black cats. I shivered; it felt like someone was watching me… the flash light flickered, dimming, then brightening and sending fear down my spine and in my head as it blinked out, leaving me in the dark. Funny; I love the dark, but am absolutely terrified of being alone in it! My breathing hitched and adrenalin rushed into my blood-stream as the strange gurgling sounds reformed. I whirled around, my eyes trying to adjust without light, but seeing nothing in the croaking black. I slowly sank to the floor, hands clutching my head in fear. Threads of … something … dragged along the goose bumped skin of my arms. I shied away from it, crawling across the wooden ground. The un-dead rattling stopped and I eased my tense muscles, thinking I was safe for the time being. A bone-crushing hand wrapped around my wrist, forcing me onto my back, cold breath washing over my face. Suddenly, I could see who was holding me down; a young black-haired woman with wide night-colored eyes that dripped blood and a open mouth. She was extremely pale, her hair, which was hanging over her face, a harsh contrast. She was gowned in a white night dress stained with dirt, grime, and a red substance that I probably didn't want to know what it was. Her neck was slightly crooked, as if it had been snapped harshly to one side and broken… I rolled to the side, breaking her grip on me and rushed for the door, only to remember that it was locked and now it was barred by layers of matted, tangled hair. I looked behind my back; she was gone… A silver glint caught my eye and I walked towards it, reaching down, feeling a chair, then my fingers wrapped around cylinder shaped cold metal. My hopes up, I removed the cover of the battery compartment, emptied it of its previous contents and popped the cylinders in. Light lit up the dark room. Yes, batteries! I aimed the flash light at the chair and to my delight found that there were 6 more pairs of batteries. After shoving them into my coat pocket, I scanned the room once more, and froze when the beam of white light landed on the woman. Her blood shot eyes where wide open and locked on my own green eyes. Red started to fill my vision and the next thing I knew was that I had collapsed to the floor once more. It felt like I had been submerged in a pot of freezing water as she grabbed my ankle and dragged me towards what I assumed was the door. I tried to escape, but with zero visibility, that is a hard task. I lashed out with my free leg, boot-clad foot colliding with something, creating a sickening crack. The crimson faded from my vision to reveal that my foot had come in contact with the side of her face, her already broken neck at a 90 degree angle. Her eyes slowly turned to me, then her head, shattered bones crunching and scraping against each other. I tore my gaze away, yanked my foot from her grasp and fled the room, running up the wooden stairs with haste. Finding a silver key I decided to try it with the room at the end of the hall. The door creaked open and I shut it, then locked it behind me. My eyes scanned the room; there was a desk, a night stand with a blue/white pot, and a wardrobe. The bottom door was open was open slightly; I could see a small boy in there, sitting with his legs to his chest, nails drumming his knee-caps. His eyes were black and soulless, so when he raised his head I couldn't tell if he was looking at me… Then he opened his mouth and yowled like a cat. I stumbled back in shock, then aimed the light at the wardrobe. He was gone… I heard shuffling behind me and immediately dove into the bottom cupboard of the paper closet, closing the door until they were ¼ of an inch apart. As the door opened I flicked off the light, blackness consuming me. A hand shot into the small space, centimeters away from my neck. I gasped slightly before holding my breath and leaning back. Seeing an opening at the top of the wardrobe, I quickly climbed through, sneezing as dust from my arrival swirled in the air. It was really quiet… The flash light landed on four bloody bags grouped in the corner of the attic. Annnnnnnnnnnnnnd Chapter 1 complete! I am sorry I left a cliff hanger, but this is all I have written down. I found out that I can actually post stories quicker if I start with a written story. Did you like it so far? Did you imagine yourself replacing my O.C. Oh, and here's a bit of detail on my character. Kyoji Crescent: A 16 year old teen with green eyes and shoulder length silver hair. He is very energetic, stupid in some ways ( such as caution) and has a fascination for the Supernatural. In the past he committed a terrible crime and was sentenced to death. After escaping, he was told by some 'friends' that if he could survive long enough to bring them a item from the dead Saeki families house, his crime would be kept a secret. Not wanting to keep this contract, he ran away, ended up in a dangerous storm, and took shelter in a worn down home. The Cursed House. Well, that's all the detail I can give you. Please review and give me some idea's to continue this story and I will try my best to enter your idea's and give you credit. Yami Kuroi Sephiroth, OUT! ","Summary":" A creak of the floor boards A rattling of bones A startled gasp A other-worldly rattle I pointed th"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"The Gazette","Author":"Evanescence4Eva","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8487007","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (The setting takes place in the Tokyo Dome, one of The Gazettes concerts) The gazette (band) was crying. Everyone in the crowd was crying. It was all because of two special girls who wrote songs for the band, and hanged with them alot. It changed their life. But the problem was that...well... there are several problems. Those girls are american...one of them is going on tour. Japan never liked americans. Ruki (the singer of the gazette) wanted to protect one of the girls. But, Kai (The drummer of the gazette) trusted the other girl and thought she can go on her own. One day she got humiliated because of the people from Japan. So she left...her friend was sad, the band was sad. Oh, and just so you know those girls names are Skylar and Briana. (Well that makes it easier!) Now that we got things settled lets start from the beginning! \"Well I guess this is the end of the Japanese School.\" I said with a cute face. \"Yep, now we can go to Japan!\" Briana said with her pervy look. My eyes widened but then we both smiled and jumped up. \"JAPAN!\" We both yelled. But that isn't the best part. For Briana's birthday I'm gonna take her to a Gazette concert. Its her favorite band and I wanted to surprise her. I had a little mourning look on my face. \"Are you okay, Skylar?\" Briana asked with a raised eyebrow. I gasped and then had an embarrased look on my face. \"Um, no I'm very excited for living in Japan! I can't wait!\" I said with a smile. She smiled to... After me and Briana were done packing she drived us to the airport. \"Hey Skylar, did you say goodbye to your parents?\" Briana asked. \"Um...yeah.\" I said with a fake tear in my eye. I wiped the tear away from my eye and then me and Briana went to the plane. I felt a little plane-sick but I just tried my best to leave it in if you know what I mean? I was on my Ipod for two hours, then I fell asleep. I felt a push on my arm whiched opened my eyes. Briana sqealed. \"AHH! WE'RE IN JAPAN\" She yelled. I yawned and looked at my phone. One message...I deleated it. \"SKYLAR! \" Briana yelled. My eyes were widened and I looked at Briana. \"W-W-What?\" I asked tired. \"You were asleep for five hours lets get out of this plane and grab something to eat, on me.\" She said nicely. My stomach groweled. \"I agree, lets go!\" I begged. We went out of the plane with our suitecases and went to the hipest five star restraunt in Japan. Briana and me went to the Ninja Star Restraunt With Hotel place. Suddenly we saw some fangirls with little posters saying 'GAZETTE GAZETTE AHHH!'. Me and Briana weren't amused cause they were blocking the door. We pushed them away and then they pushed us back down. Japanese girls stared down at us and yelled at us 'Go away stupid foreiners! Go die in a hole and go back to where you came from!'. I tried protecting Briana cause she looked sad, suddenly a guy grabbed our hands. I felt like I couldn't hear a thing. This guy just pulled me and Bri (Briana) into the door. I started hearing again. The guy unhoodied himself and it turned out to be Ruki (The lead singer of Briana's favorite band.). Briana was shocked then she fainted. I cought her as she fell. \"Oh my god is she okay?\" Ruki asked. As I wasn't looking Ruki was holding Bri's hand the whole time. I used my little technique called the faint healer. You start tickling someone's neck then karate chop their neck slowly. Suddenly Bri woke up. \"Briana, calm down, all you see is me and Ruki.\" I said. Briana was about to scream until I put my hand on her mouth. Ruki laughed a little. \"Briana if I put my hand away from your mouth, will you calm down?\" I asked. She nodded normaly. I let go. \"Ruki, w-w-why are you here?\" Briana asked shocked. We both looked at him. \"I just wanted to help you guys from that fight. Fangirls can be crazy and cute, just like you.\" Ruki said looking at Bri. I gasped and I got mad. I stood up and pulled Bri back up. \"Ruki we were just going somewhere to eat not to meet you.\" I said. Ruki and Bri gasped. I took Bri's hand. \"Thanks Ruki for helping us but we have to go.\" I pulled Bri's hand and we ran away as Ruki was waving. We got our tables and we sat down. \"What's wrong with you, that was RUKI!\" Bri said. I sighed. \"Yeah I'm happy to but...my stomach was just growling I get mad when I'm hungery!\" I said with a sad angry look. \"Well, yea gotta be nice to people, especially if it's Ruki from my favorite band.\" \"I-I know but he's too flirty for you.\" Suddenly the waiter came over to our table. \"Um, exeuse me!\" A shy waiter said. The way she said that made us calm down. \"Um...you're kinda being too loud, can you please take it down a notch?\" She asked. We both said sure. The shy waiter named...Sky..(Wow almost like my name!) took our order and left. Suddenly Briana had a extremely happy look on her face and I wondered. She pointed at a table which...had the whole Gazette band eating. \"Briana, don't disturb them from their meal.\" I commanded. Briana gasped. \"But..but they're the GAZETTE lets interput them!\" Briana said with a laughing face. Suddenly,...a guy went to our table and sat near us with a smile. Me and Briana were silent looking at him. \"O.M.G you're Kai, the drummer of The Gazette!\" Briana yelled. Kai nodded and started staring at me. Close, close, TOO CLOSE! \"Ruki just wanted to say hi to you guys and wanted to ask if you wanted to hang out with us?\" Kai asked. Briana gasped. I wasn't amused. But then Briana pushed my arm... \"OKAY!\" I blurted out. Briana's eyes widened. So did mine. \"Um, great so do you want to meet us at the hotel tonight, you know right after you guys are done unpacking?\" Kai asked. \"Yes!\" Briana smiled. Then Kai smiled and waved at me as he left. After me and Briana ate we talked again. \"Briana, I don't know about this...what if they aren't nice as we thought they were?\" I said with a sad look. \"Don't worry, if they insult you I'll BRIANA CHOP them in half!\" Briana said. We both laughed. As me and Bri were going to our hotel room Kai was with us. We looked at our room, amazing. It had a kitchen, a bathroom, plus a game room. Briana doesn't know that I bought this with my own money. I told her that it was for free. Kai helped us unpack . Suddenly I couldn't get my diamond pan out of the luggage. \"Grr! I can't-\" I said but I gasped. Kai put his hands on my arm trying to help me pull it out. Once it came out, Kai's eyes sparkled. \"Wow, it's beautiful.\" Kai said looking at the pan then me. \"I know right, I cook really great pancakes with this pan.\" I said smiling at him. \"You cook?\" Kai asked. I nodded then he smiled. Briana got her clothes out of the luggage and put them in the drawer. \"Okay I'm done unpacking, what about you Skylar?\" She asked. \"Yep, let's go!\" I said with a happy face. Kai smiled at me then took us out of the room. Kai opened the door for us and we started seeing Uruha (guitar), Aoi (guitar), Reita (bassist), and...Ruki (Oh you know who he is!). Briana had a happy look and sat near Ruki. I didn't know who to sit with until Kai told me to sit next to him. So I did. \"So...HI!\" Aoi said smiling at both of us. I did a shy but emo-like wave at him. But Briana blushed. \"Hi!\" She said with an energetic voice. Suddenly my phone rang. \"Sorry I need to take this.\" I said standing up, getting out of the room. \"So, do you guys like Japan yet?\" Ruki asked. \"Well we just got out of the plane four hours ago and we started to get used to it.\" Briana said. \"What do you guys like to do on your freetime?\" Reita asked. \"I like to play with my guitar, I like to sing, and I like to draw.\" She asked. \"What about Skylar?\" Kai asked. Briana had to think for a second. \"She's into singing and playing piano, but mostly she likes to cook.\" Suddenly Aoi and Uruha said 'OOOOO' in a funny voice. \"What is it?\" Briana asked. \"Well it's just that Kai likes to cook as well.\" Ruki said raising an eyebrow at Kai. Kai looked both ways with an embarrassed face. \"Uh...that doesn't mean I like her.\" Kai said. Briana laughed. \"Skylar is not a girl you can please unless she pleases you.\" Briana laughed. Skylar opened the door and sat next to Kai. \"So what were you guys talking about?\" I asked. \"UM NOT YOU!\" Uruha yelled with guilt. Everyone laughed. Ruki dropped us off at our hotel room. \"So, when can we see you guys again?\" Briana asked. Ruki had his thinking face on. \"Well, we're going to perform at the Peace and Smile Carnival tomorrow, wanna come?\" Ruki asked. Briana nodded smiling, that made Ruki very happy. Ruki gave Briana a cute kiss on the cheek, Briana was extremely pink. As Ruki left Briana closed the door slowly. I went out of the bathroom with my gothic pj's. \"Briana why are you on the bed so happy?\" I asked. \"Well, I have a big crush on Ruki already!\" She blurted out. I gasped. \"Why? Its only been a day!\" I said shocked. \"Well, crushes happen easily.\" After she said that I understood it. Maybe finding love could happen fast. \"After all, you like Kai, and Kai likes you.\" Briana said with a pervy look. I gasped. \"I like him but...I don't love him yet, I don't know what we have in common.\" I said sadly. \"I DO!\" Briana yelled. \"You and him like cooking, that's a connection.\" I gasped and looked away at Bri. \"I-I-I just...\" I muttered. Briana had her hand on my shoulder. \"It's okay, he'll let out his feelings for you, I can be a little bit of a pshycic.\" She said smiling. We hugged. 3[Chapter 2] Every dream I have is always perfect. Until someone pushes me off a bed. \"WAKE UP!\" Briana yelled into my ear. I stood up. \"YES SIR!\" I yelled back. We both laughed. Once we ate breakfast, we got our clothes on. Briana wore a black tank top with a pretty sassy black skirt. She wore black high heels as well. For me, I wore a black long sleeved shirt with see-through sleeves, plus black rock on jeans and black boots. Yeah, we may be gothic but WE ROCK! Uruha opened the door. \"Hey, are you guys ready, WOOOOOAH, whats up hotties?\" Uruha asked with his pervy look. We threw clothes at him as we laughed. \"OKAY OKAY, let's go!\" Uruha smiling. He took us to the lobby where Kai, Ruki, Reita, and Aoi are getting ready. \"Wow, you guys look amazing.\" Aoi said. We both blushed as we got our purses. \"Yeah...I'd like to put my microphone into your-\" Ruki said till he got punched in the arm by Kai. \"HEY! Stop being a perv!\" Kai yelled. I sighed. \"Anyways, the concert won't be open for about five hours so, do you wanna visit Tokyo it's like four miles from here?\" Reita asked. It gave me and Briana a minute to think. \"I don't know?\" I whispered near Briana. \"It's okay I mean if they don't treat us with respect...- Briana whispered until Ruki held her shoulders. \"Come on, I mean it'll be fun, we'll do our best to make you guys happy.\" Ruki said with wise words. Briana was frozen with her cheeks extremely pink. I was shocked. I...I thought he was a billionare singing midget who is a mean perv to everyone. But, apparently I was wrong. I took Briana's hand. \"Skylar?\" Briana asked. I smiled as happy as I could. \"Let's go with them, after all, it'll be fun!\" I said. Everyone smiled as I said that and we got in the tour bus. I checked my phone. I deleted three text messages...execpt one. [Don't make us call you or else!] I was sad yet angry as I deleted that stupid text. Suddenly, someone had my shoulder. \"Hey.\" Kai said with a concerned smile on his face. \"Oh, um, hi Kai.\" I said concerned but not smiling. \"What was that text about?\" He asked. I gasped nervous. \"It's...It's nothing.\" I said trying to smile. \"Um...okay, do you mind if you listen to this on the way?\" He asked giving me his Ipod. \"Okay...but..why?\" I asked. \"You seem upset, and we want you to know more about our kind of music.\" Kai said patting my head. I nodded blushing and he left. After thirty minutes I've done nothing but listen to The Gazette's songs. But they were insanely catchy. I can't wait to see them at the concert. \"Okay we're here!\" Kai said standing up. Everyone including me was out of the door. I was amazed of all the shops that are everywhere. \"Okay so, where do you guys wanna go first?\" Ruki asked. Me and Briana shrugged. \"Hey how about we take them to ROCK ROCK?\" Aoi said. \"Hmm? What's that?\" I asked. \"It's this gift shop that sells all kinds of antiques and toys, it's hip and what not.\" Uruha said. Briana was amused and so was I. We followed them to ROCK ROCK and the shop looked awesome! I got to see some great toys and other stuff like a Nyanko Burger Coin Bag, a Yumemiya \"Rurl\" Hair Clip, and a \"POCHI-BIG\" Silicone Make-up Pouch. As we were browsing Kai walked right near me. \"See anything you like?\" Kai asked. After he said that I suddenly heard a pretty sound. It sounded like a lullaby. Kai and me followed the sound and it was actually a plain music box. It's all dark and wooden, plus the title itself says ~Lillium~. \"It's beautiful.\" I said. Kai started looking at me with pretty eyes. \"Yes you are.\" He said. \"What?\" \"NOTHING!\" After he said that I chuckled a bit yet my eyes were set to this music box. \"I want this.\" I muttered. \"Why?\" He asked. \"I...I have trouble sleeping, that's when I have bad dreams that make me cry.\" I said sadly. Kai felt bad for me I can tell. \"Well I don't think I have enough money to pay for this music box, that's too bad.\" I said leaving. Briana ran into me. \"SKYLAR SKYLAR SKYLAR!\" Briana yelled excitedly. \"WHAT WHAT WHAT!\" I asked. \"Ruki gave me this pretty bracelet, isn't he so nice!\" She said jumping. The bracelet around her hand had black sparkling letters saying ' U'. I was a little jealous yet it was so nice of him to buy her a pretty bracelet like that. \"Hey guys its six o'clock right now, do you guys wanna go to that new karaoke diner over there?\" Reita asked running into us. \"Sure.\" Briana said grabbing my hand. As Briana, Kai, Reita, and me went through the door, Aoi, Uruha, and Ruki saved us four spots. Once we sat down the waiter named Haley took our order. \"Hey Skylar have you ever tried soumen noodles?\" Kai asked. \"Um, nope but I would like to try them.\" I said. \"Well they're really good! Hey Haley!\" Kai yelled. Haley went near our table. \"We would like to order soumen noodles please.\" Haley nodded and left. \"Skylar, Briana told us you sing a little.\" Uruha said with a pervy grin. I gasped and whispered into Briana's ear. \"Why the hell did you tell them?!\" I whispered. \"I'd thought they'd never bring it up!\" Briana said. Suddenly Ruki took my hand. \"Come on Skylar, you're singing!\" He said. I was nervous really bad. \"N-n-no!\" I yelled trying to get my hand off of him. He took me on stage. There was a guy named Armin but we call him DJ A cause it's funky and hip. \"So what do ya guys wanna sing?\" He asked. Ruki and me browsed. \"Hey how about My Heart Is Broken by Evanescence?\" Ruki asked. I nodded and went to the piano. I sat down and tried to remember the piano notes and the words on the top of my head. \"WOOO GO SKYLAR!\" Briana yelled. I smiled and started playing. The piano playing got everyone's attention including the DJ. \"I will wander till the end of time torn away from you...\" Suddenly the drums started playing. Everyone started smiling and feeling the beat. Once I continued singing the guitars were playing. \"I pulled away to face the pain, I closed my eyes and drift away...over the fear That I will never find a way to heal my soul... And I will wander till the end of time...torn away from YOU! MY HEART IS BROOOOOOKEN! Sweet sleep my dark angel, deliver us from sorrows hold...\" Once the music stopped everyone jumped and clapped at the same time. Everybody was happy which made me happy. I went to the table where it had my food soumen noodles. \"Skylar, how were you able to sing like that?\" Ruki asked. Everyone in the table wanted to know. I started getting sad. \"Skylar?\" Briana said concerned. I tried wiping any of the tears coming out of my eye. \"Hey, you'll be happy once you try the soumen noodles, go ahead.\" Kai said. I looked down at the noodles and tried it. I was shocked yet...happy when I tasted it. \"Its...amazing.\" I muttered smiling. \"It's something I always wanted to cook but...it's really exquisite and fancy, I could never make it.\" Kai said sadly. I put my hand on his shoulder trying to make him feel better. \"It's okay, you'll be happy once you start drumming in the Peace and Smile Carnival.\" I said smiling. He smiled too. \"Speaking of that, it starts in two hours, let's go guys!\" Uruha said looking at his watch. I set the money on the table and we all left. We were on the tour bus on our way to the Peace and Smile Carnival. I still had Kai's Ipod. I thought I'd keep it for a while so that way I could get to know their music better. Today's pretty great so far. I just wish I could have that music box. It sounded so beautiful. \"We're here!\" Kai said sneaking up behind me. We all stood up and got out of the bus. Turns out the carnival was just a concert nothing else. Ruki and his friends gave us front seats in the concert how cool is that? As we sat down we had to wait an hour before it started. I coughed. \"Are you okay Skylar?\" Briana asked. I nodded feeling like I couldn't said a thing. Even though I felt sick we got to see alot of cool J-rock bands like Screw, Alice Nine, and suG! Suddenly I kept on coughing threw the concert. A person behind me was ticked off about it. \"Hey you! Stop coughing you're ruining the concert!\" A girl behind me said. Then Briana stood up mad. \"Hey! It's not her fault, she's not the one who's yelling!\" Briana said angry. They started pushing each other because of me. I tried stoping them, then... I was unconcious. One of my eyes opened and suddenly I was in a bed. I was confused, what happened to me? \"Hello? Hello!\" I yelled. One of the nurses came in. \"You're awake?\" She asked. I nodded and she smiled. Once she opened the door the whole gazette band and Briana came in. \"G-g-guys what happened?\" I asked scared. Kai sat near me. \"You got punched by one of the people in the crowd.\" Kai said. I gasped. \"Briana did you get hurt?\" I asked. She shaked her head. \"Well, the good thing is you're alright!\" Ruki said happy. I smiled yet my cheek was hurting. \"OW...\" I muttered. Kai took the ice pack near me and set it near my cheek. Instead of my cheek being red it turned pink. \"Hey! Why can't you do those stuff to me?\" Briana asked. \"Briana I'm a pervy midget not a romantic nice person!\" Ruki said. \"Whatever you say...pedo...\" Briana muttered. \"What?\" \"NOTHING!\" Everyone laughed. As it was night time everyone was gone...except Kai. \"Skylar?\" Kai asked. \"Yes?\" I said back. He took something out and I gasped. It was the music box. \"Kai...I...I don't know what to say.\" I said. Once he opened the box I heard the pretty music. I hummed the whole song and when it stopped I hugged Kai. \"Thank you so much Kai.\" I said. He hugged back as he was swaying. The music started all over and we both swayed. \"I'll be right back, I have to go to the bathroom okay?\" Kai said leaving. Once he left he gasped. Kai saw Ruki and Briana kissing. ","Summary":" (The setting takes place in the Tokyo Dome, one of The Gazettes concerts) The gazette (band) was cr"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"No Regret","Author":"BloodyAntares","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12672924","Passage":"[Chapter 1] His daughter and her newfound boyfriend run away with his million years, leaving him alone. These kids are too idealistic. How can they not understand that giving people money is not helping? A million years for one family makes its members almost immortal, but for two million people in New Dayton, the wrongly placed wealth only prolongs their agony for 6 months. At first, extra time will bring satisfaction to those who never have so much time. But, in the long term? Obviously not. Tik Tok. Tik Tok. Tik Tok. Their time is running out. The people, hiding behind crowds, are brave. They always have been. People have not changed much since the French Revolution in 1789 or the Paris Commune and the October Coup in 1917. However, revolutions are short-lived, especially compare to the endless time that promised to the rich. To him. The French Revolution lasted a year, the Paris Commune 72 days, and the October Coup happened 8th months after the February Revolution. Philippe is 110 years old. He can wait. But, most civilians can't be as patient as him. Their life has been disrupted. They have no incentive to work with months instead of hours on their clocks. They will gather up and march for the richer zones with their newfound freedom, an aimless march of disorder and false hope. They have no leader, no knowledge about the system. About destroying him is nothing. Philippe is just a wheel belongs to the clock. He is only a mere member of the high council of the richest in each colony. The council that sets the rule, upholds the rule and rules over all that was, all that is, and all that ever will be on this planet. Phillipe is just an extension of their wills - of keeping prosperous until eternity and after. Earning months are nothing compares to the power to generate time. A revolution of a shut-off colony cannot affect the world. In time, when the civilians' borrowed time evaporates to nowhere, the only way for them is robbing from others. The Timekeeper Department does not have enough human resources to keep those many criminals at bay. Then, chaos will happen. Anarchy is the only outcome of his lost million years. In the end, more people died this way than just keeps the system. In the end, the strong survive. Among them, the faces belong to his social circle are the majority. Nonetheless, the survival game always favors the rich. They only need to wait and avoid thieves until the order is restored. Unless their bodyguards figure out: there is no rule, no string attached in this dread time and thus, stole from their own employers. His thought is interrupted by the voice of his bodyguard, who has successfully opened his office door, who Philippe now fears. Fear that anybody, including his protection, can take his time. \"Sir\" Constantine, his chief bodyguard, shakingly asks for his attention. Only then, he notices the non-stop ringing. Yes. Of course, all other mogul bankers around the world are calling him as they notice the corruption of his zone. Their investment here is at risk. But, the only one who actually gets hurt here is him. They only have investments here and there in this zone. He is the only one invests his precious time and work, so much work here. But, now, they, as the council's members, have the right to make the decision about him and his colony. \"Do something, sir\" the guard begs him again. This young boy still believes in Philippe's unlimited power, so trusting toward his boss. Constantine doesn't know the council has made its decision. \"It has already done\" Philippe truthfully answers the guard, for the first time. Unsatisfy with Philippe's answer, his guard walks away, probably to try making an unnecessary call to Timekeeper Department. Unnecessary, as 50 people cannot round a million people and tell them to calm down and go home and go to work normally as they should. If that boy was smarter, he would acknowledge the power Philippe wield here in this colony just vanishes, as well as Philippe's lack of focus on the lost million years. Or better, Constantine can have the wisdom of Philippe and see that now Philippe is afraid of his own guards and more important, understand the council's choice. It will be a total lockdown of this colony from the world. This system corruption is usually thought of as a disease, waiting for its unleashing. Even as separated or a self-sufficing as a colony today, his colleague could still feel some of the blown. They don't like losing. Philippe should act fast. The government will lockdown the streets after the council meeting. It is not protocol, so they need to be informed about what they can do, what technology they can use. A day is the longest time for him to get out of this zone without doing something riskier and more dangerous. He has to act faster than them. They will need someone to blame to soften the gossip from the rich of this colony and of the system. The system is still necessary and their best choice, while Philippe Weis is a bad guy, a bane, an incompetent tyrant who cannot even properly teach his own daughter. Oh, the bad blood of a newcomer and the stain should be cleaned after all these years. The council will hunt him down, \"bring his crime to the light\" and execute him as a sheep to be offered to God. So he has to be untrackable. What do you think? A world, when everyone has a credit card that controls life, cannot track people? The arm clock projects the content of a chip that was put into your body since you were born. Everyone has an identical chip. It is your identity, your national security number. And as a credit card, it also helps the government to track each member of the society. Thus, if your mother was tracked, the government would find out when she got pregnant and give birth to you. He hates this. So, as the richest one here, he has set the rule of not tracking anyone to promote \"an individual privacy right\". The timekeepers of this zone cannot access that information before. For example, if they had had every time exchanging records, every human location, they would have found his daughter easily. However, this kind of knowledge can be abused by any lesser government. He has stopped this procedure. His problem is, the higher up - the council can easily overrule his old decision and use this data to find him. Fortunately, Philippe is too paranoid about his safety. Maybe, too eager to learn, and also has a lot of time for it. No time before has he this thankful for the paranoid part of himself. He has a safe house, he can fake death for himself. His path is cleared. He runs.[Chapter 2] Safety has always been and continues to be his top priority. Things mostly work under his control, under his plans. But, someone as prudent as him must take further precaution for unpredictable events. Money. Knowledge. Transportation. Safe place. Those things are necessities at any given moment. Especially now, when this region's system is corrupted. Of course, he would not store all his time in one place. Who did that, anyway? He still has so much time, so many investments here and there. However, the time capsule is the only thing can be quietly taken out. He stored three hundred thousand years in a secret vault in the wall of his old junior partner-office 5-floor down. Only three hundred thousand years, he thinks as he goes down by elevator. He starts regretting of putting too much money in building apartments and factories. The elevator's door opens and stops his thought process. Good god. He climbed from the middle; now, he scares of not being the richest. That amount of money will be enough for him to live hundreds of years from now without doing anything. He walks out to the empty hall. 60 years. Even his wife or his stupid daughter would not know nor remember this phase of his life when he was not a someone, but a small accountant. After all, most people died: for the few to be immortal, many must die. How the people agree on this system of time distribution is still out of his imagination. He would never approve this; he would fight tooth-and-nail for the tiny chance of being an offering for others' survival. But, he was born in this dreadful era, and soon, he understood the rule. There is no rule but jungle rule, silly. The person who is stronger, smarter, more adaptable to this world will live on the weaker, duller one's suffering. Like Feeding Frenzy, the old video game, big fish eats smaller fishes. It is natural selection, even though, this system is created by human. Call his belief in natural selection an obsession. It should be. Because it is the backbone of any other rule in this society, who gave this rule well amount of intention will flourish. Work hard, play less, never buy unessential accessories. A cup of coffee cost you one-fifth of your paycheck is not your thing. Here goes his office. It stations at the end of the hall, as he had the lowest status then. Then, this room used to be his home. No house is needed when your body is so young and strong. He used to work behind this table until he could not open his eyes. Day, night, he could not acknowledge the time passing by as the room has no window. After all, knowing it wasn't important compared to his need for survival. Saving seconds by seconds, minutes by minutes, his voice carried more weight in the company in parallel with the number of stock he owned. When he finished buying the company, he kept this whole floor for himself as a reminiscence and his own sanctuary. No one except him can walk on this floor, as only by using his elevator and having his biological identity, people can get into this room. The place is his and his alone. You can say that his now-office is where he works, but this floor is where his mind stays. Like his brain, his old office filled with ceiling and ceiling of drawers, from the bottom to the top of the wall; in each drawer, he kept something important to him; in some, there are data sticks (once. they had been called USB?). All dirty secret. All record. All. Most people realized the world is controlled by the rich. The worldwide residents were divided into hundreds of cities. Each city has its own tycoon ruler. Global population has shrunk from 14 billion in 2050 to about 600 million nowadays. People believe living close together increases their chances of becoming immortal. Low population made people clustered in a colony between 3 to 5 million people. Too few people understand that colonies are the rich' farms of fresh time. Philippe has soon understood it and became one of those farmers. Actually, a very productive, very progressive farmer. He opens the first drawer, where he stores a detailed map of this region. It is not a normal map, though, it is an old hologram. The hologram shows the 3D scheme of this city, from the sewerage, the metro to the rooftop garden. Every route above the ground is not on his list. The council most likely choice is putting a hemisphere shield above the colony. The amount of energy required is hardly a problem, compare to the shortage of a human army. After all, it is 600 million people consuming what fracture produced for 14 billion people. This shield will prevent anyone with a defected id from going out of its boundary. It will materialize whenever a person walks near it. The council never intervened a colony's affair. The disturbance colony will be left alone until it reaches a new equilibrium. The lack of human also means that the council can issue a droid army to patrol the city. Soon, he will take a deed that will make him its target. He should not stay here when it comes. He takes the bags and places the map inside it. Next drawer contains a transmit-blocker, specialized for the id. By his own eyes, Philippe witnessed how it works. Before today, the event only served as a grain of knowledge for him. From that day, he understands that the timer has to count pass zero to shut down a person's live. Actually, the counting down is one step in the process. Aiming to mimic a \"natural\" death, he has to have his time as close to zero as possible. At that moment, the machine blocks the system's command and shuts down his id transmitting wave at the same time. Receiving no transmission, the system mistakes him as a \"death\" person. Then, it stops tracking him. Time-capsule is the following object he needs. Bringing a large sum of time out of its safes alone alerts the authority. But, a million years running loose will cover any smaller amount of time. He understands that he needs the procedure, to get out of the city. But, timing down himself is just, scared him. Do it. Do it. Do it. Part of him commands him with consistency. The other part, just hate the solitude life. He will come to his safe house in the middle of Sequoia Forest, near Lake Mary. It is a middle of nowhere, and no one will go there. The forest, expands now more than ever, will cover him from the satellites and drones. He will come back and rejoin society. Faking a death loses him his identity. But, some say, ones can hack into the system. Or, he can trade an identity with the transmit-blocker and money. Someday. He traces his time with his finger, reads the ridiculous amount that he keeps there. 9104:51:6:23:59:54 Philippe makes his decision and starts pouring down all the years on his arm. A long wait until the hard part. 0000:00:0:00:02:00. He throws the time capsule into his backpack. Now holding the machine directly at his wrist, he waits for his demise. 0000:00:0:00:00:03 0000:00:0:00:00:02 0000:00:0:00:00:01 Now. 0000:00:0:00:00:00 Thirteen zeroes and he is still alive. He can't help but look and touch himself everywhere, to check if he was alive. His hands, his arms, his face. Philippe feels the wetness everywhere. Oh, he was sweating so much that he made a small pool in the damn seconds. But, he is okay. No, he is great. He is still alive. He wants to laugh and just lays down right here., but his consciousness tells him to celebrate later when he has gone to the safe house. He has to finish packing first. Next, he packed 15 data sticks, each has all exchanges of his zone and significant event of the world in 5 years. The bright side of being an accountant in this world is \"everything involves trades\". What you do is recorded with time and place. And guess who can understand your deeds looking at a mountain of number? A good accountant. He checks over your tax papers, your investments and just penetrates your cover. Of course, as a counselor himself, he gathers as much as possible information of his colleagues. Sometimes, he sends them his people, in other word, spies. Any person in his shoes is expected to do so, after all. Or all the old courtesy is lost. In the end, he takes a look at his car's key collection and chooses one, before picking up the backpack and leave.[Chapter 3] Guess what, ancient technologies actually more advanced than the products of his time. His old electric car, from 2070, can go faster and further than its successors, which are surprising. It is also a really ordinary car with its grayish color, just right to blend in the slow and colorless traffic of New Greenwich. There is no rush. So, the timekeeper hasn't made the problem public. Well, they would have reported to him his problem, first. Then, to the clown in the regional council, most of them place too much interested in enjoying trivial life - sex, party, racing... Usually, he is the only one who actually does something and stops himself from abusing his power. So the region's body becomes a snake without its head, No one has the nerve to make a decision. And he has more time to revel in his car. Time is no trouble if you have no time. And a car recharges under the sun, he can go, like, forever. But first and foremost, he chose this car because it doesn't have any GPS. It is the self-driving crash dilemma has stopped the producer to put on the autonomous system and the directing system, or so he remembers. Everyone is just freak out when they realize that the cars can sacrifice their owner. They completely forget that the cars are leaking people most confidential information. The system is his nightmare because it shows route based on the temporary location. As his enemies have full control over the satellites - including the GPS satellites, he would report himself if he drove a more convenient car. Even the rich do not notice that their arm clocks and cars and phones also are GPS receivers, which provides government bodies information on their whereabouts at any time. He knows that from his own experience that councilor constantly abused the system to get blackmail materials or to get advantages of each other. In fact, Philippe once used his colleague's car's id to track her extramarital affair. The car cleans him from all trouble associated with his personal location. But the video surveillance all over is another problem. Will Salas and his daughter have successfully hidden from them. Unfortunately, his car is too big to hide, and he cannot pay for timezone changing without his transaction chip. Philippe expected that he had to pass the Los Angeles River by going along the coach through zone 9 and 10. However, his daughter had already broken the border between zone 4 and zone 6 - the North Hollywood, which just happens to be his direction. How grateful he is for the damage Sylvia does. And he thought the only thing she could do is taking off his time! He drives faster and faster in zone 6, praying to god that the Timekeepers are kept busy with 1 million years went off the clock. They should forget every little crime likes changing timezones without paying and going over the speed limit with such a big problem. They should. They must be, he reassures himself. Philippe passed by blocks of old private houses that he thinks was abandoned because most people cannot afford. Zone 6 was supposed to merge with zone 7 due to its lack of population. Soon, he recognizes the appearance of human with smelly fences everywhere. Without water and electricity, people still live here in horrible condition. He feels some eyes watching intensively at his car. He can help but stare at them. Dirty, and covered in tattered clothes. They are waiting for their death after losing jobs. People in zone 6 reserve more time than the ones in zone 12. It means that after being fired, they have at least a few months, to find a job, or die. It is a long and tormented death. Trapped between hope and despair. Were him in this situation, he would stop renting, and go here like them. Sympathize or not, his back is burning under their looks. The white of their eyes seems whiter and brighter among their darkened skin. All of them. Fixated on his car. They want to rob his time or steal his car, or more reasonably, both. They may have guns, his rational voice tries to warn him, and they can shoot the car, or worst, they can kill him. It is enough for him to press the gas, not dare to look back. At last, he has reached the border. He avoids the barrier by going out of the road. The barrier is only for show. The real obstacle that stops people from going to other zones is the energy field.\" It is time\". He whispers to himself. \"It is.\" Philippe stops his car again. Laughing out loud as he has already been on the other side of the barrier, no energy field detected. He is out of his area. \"I am out!\" He yells and hits the car horn at the same time. Now he knows for sure that the standard border only stops the chip bringer without enough money, not a machine with no detected human. \"At last.\" He rubs his eyes to stop his happy tears, but they still fall down. He leans forward, puts his weigh on the steering wheel, covers his face and tries to end both his crying and chortling. Finally, he can calm himself down. Philippe wastes no more time and starts driving North, diving into the woodland. As expected, the woodland is expanding. He doesn't remember it was this wide and green. Before, it was called Topanga Park, which was filled with shrub. Now, oak trees stand high and mighty along the street. Even the city is nothing compared to the force of time and nature. The northernmost part of Los Angeles was swallowed, chewed, digested and become part of the wood. Abandoned houses became hills for the shrub to take over. Big trees compete with buildings to get more sunlight. If it had not been for the special poisonous compound that made the street, he would not have a clear way. Actually, the road isn't clear. It is a bumpy road. There are cracked that lined up on the broken street. Some parts have already fallen out. After all, no people go out of their zone, so why the government has to maintain the useless route? But still, his car can pass through it, and he still moves on. The scenery turns into something more hilly after the last part of the city. He has to turn right to go west. Philippe almost passes the turn when he recognizes the road sign. He underestimates the change of nature. Well, no police, he can changes lane wherever he likes Next, he goes to a flat desert, where his location is easiest to compromise. But he has already traveled for over 50 miles. The council just don't know where to look. Good luck, my dear old friends, he thinks. May you have your fun looking for me inside the city. He travels in solitude and silent. Not dare to open music. It might be too loud, too recognizable. Philippe acknowledges his boredom, but his determination convinces himself to move on. It is begging him not to do anything stupid out of the bore. His thought wandering tries to find an intriguing topic. The desert is so vacant, devoid of any profound idea. What did he expect? It is just a vast wasteland of hot, dry and sand. \"Fitting for an exiled beast that nobody like\" his traitorous mind seizes the chance to scorn at the nearest object, himself. Somehow, a poem keeps replaying in his mind. 'In the desert I saw a creature, naked, bestial, Who, squatting upon the ground,' He didn't see any monster here. No ugly, degraded, less than human, stripped off from his wealth, his glory. Only him here. Alone. Lost in closed walls that extended to infinity. Held his heart in his hands, He is holding his misery right now. His fate is better than everyone. He is immortal. Stop thinking and it would be ok. But the poem stucks. And ate of it.I said: \"Is it good, friend?\" \"It is bitter—bitter,\" he answered;\" But I like it Because it is bitter, And because it is my heart.\" He is dwelling unnecessarily in the negative. His heart is bitter with something he can explain. It must be the loss of money he spends years working his ass off. Rather than trying to improve his lot, he is literally feeding off his own misery with today's event Hell, he keeps thinking of Sylvia's words \"Although I do wonder father, have you ever live a day in your life.\" Urgh, what is the difference between living and surviving, stuff like that? He is alive, and he will come back. In her thought, living equals risking her life, but it isn't. That is losing life. But he did risk his life today, more than normal. He knows the risk, he saw it succeed. He decides and he is alive. What doesn't kill you make you stronger, huh? But her words imply that he is a monster, who have no remote human emotions, who does not live, does not belong to his own race. The bare creature at his lowest. His thought really going for a loop. The sun is setting as he reached an old reservation. Human used to be so populated before, so much that you can go anywhere and still found their signs. Manmade objects - car, traffic light, house - were created to serve them. There is an old joke, \"9 billion people out there, and you still alone\" Philippe is here alone, alone with the old ghosts of 9 billion humans. He can see the phantom of kids running in the street not even turning around when their parent scold. But the people are all dead. Now, the wide street, the cozy house, and the dog are just laying bare under the not so gentle, angry, hot, orange touch of the sun, wasted. The sun, his last acquaintance, swells, releases everything it has and just vanished. The night shut in. He will have to find a hidden location in a middle of a forest at night. Tough luck. A 5-hour-driving has turned to 11-hour-drive. He should think of the problem before. But he didn't. And he has to accept the consequences. Mammoth Lake. 4 miles left. No bear, which is good. He almost hit some wild animals, though. Here he is, on the side of Lake Mary[Chapter 4] Looking for a well-hìdden house in the middle of the night is not his good choice. So he decided to wait at the first marked stone, which looks like a holding hand. He had to drive 5 times around the lake to find it as the hole face the opposite direction with the road. Not to mention that the pit was filled with grass. That is to find the first one only. The second one is not even beside the road. Good Lord! He will have to go out of the car, walk out of the road in a jungle with no direction. Even worse, this was National Forrest before; no one knows exactly what kind of animals did they protect? He is definitely got himself in the territory of grizzly bears, or the more friendly black bears. Food attracts bears, so he decided not to bring any. But, he also thought that the drive could be shorter; the sun should shine brightly when he came. And he can quickly hide in his basement. The only conclusion is he has lost his touch and (temporarily) his meticulous calculation. Sylvia must inherit the trait from someone. Philippe makes his decision. He lowers the back side window, making a tiny slit. Then, he shuts down the engine. The mystery of darkness terrifies him with tons of nameless and preposterous reason. Bear or fox or wolf may sniff your smell through that gap, a traitorous part of him threatens. Another part criticizes that he is trying to suffocate himself. Not to mention the condemning voice that keeps bringing up the lack of preparation and knowledge. However, they are all bark but not bite type. None of them has the bravery to go out and find \"safe house\". He actually does not know the precise condition of the house. The house is supposed to operate without human supervision because Philippe does not have technical knowledge for setting up nor maintaining. There is no update because he pulls workers off immediately after the completion. He had never visited this place to protect the location's secrecy. All in all, the vacation he thought could turn into of nightmare, where he got nowhere to go, or just got killed by some pre-occupants of the house. Or the providing system had already malfunctioned. He waits, and he waits, craving for a sight of sunlight to end his turbulent of thought. The longer he waited, the more bizarre his imagination became. And he cannot close his eyes for just a few seconds, to call for a halt of his thought. Is it the feeling of people in Ghetto? The uncertainty that their life might end at any other time would make they open their eyes all the time. Eons before, the phrase \"living every day likes it is the last day of your life\" had been the mantra of so many people. Now, there are people who actually feel their last day, do they live like their ancestor? He always wonders about people's judgment. In this twisted reality, poor people are actually live off the farmer's time. Before his campaign in 2080, the only time producer is fresh young 25 years old. In other words, doomsday. Think of a couple raising their kid 25 years, and that whole family sharing a year, and don't forget the fact that they have to pay their bills. It is just a hopeless cause for anyone to reach the age of 26. For some, education is a luxurious desire. What did he do? He convinced his boss at that time, there was no profit except for the pride of not being the laziest ones who died. Got welfare from world council, gained his old manager and higherup's truth. The amount of welfare is based on the number of people and an average life of 50 years old, enough for procreation. Just say, everyone lives because of that pocket money. The society doesn't even need factory workers nor car drivers. The jobs are just there to occupied people's time and labor. And make the system seems fairer and rewardable. Work an 8-hour ship will gain you 5 hour (outside your time lose), so 2 ships cover your house, transportation, and food. You will gain thirty minutes or more per day if you choose wisely. And you will have enough time and hope to bear a child. More old people die, more young people grow up; it is how you make the maximum profit for the whole society. All those time pass through the leader, and he chooses where to fertilize with fresh time - giving time to which company. His predecessors cannot help but greedily gather most of the resource for them self, which in turn flamed their subordinates' hatred and jealousy. Then, their demotion is just a matter of time. He is an accountant, the best of his job. He tried to keep the number of his zone level in years. Number of people born and died (because of the cap population will not gain more money). Number of treasure for the rich here and there( because everyone can be replaced by a younger and smarter version of themselves). But his replacement is slobby and chaotic and reckless and ignorant. And they call for things he would never compromise. They do deeds that are not in his book. And it works. Somehow, it works with his self-exile. With his disappearance, his lovely daughter only has to reap off his colleagues' fights. Everything he built could burn on such a short notice. He does everything. And they dare to condemn him for stealing from them? And they dare to destroy his effort? Let them! After all, nobody blames the dead, and they are 6 months lesser from death.[Chapter 5] Philippe is wakened up by the burn of sunlight on his eyelids. All of his time and he still have to follow the forest's rule and woke up. It does not care for seconds or minutes, even hours are inconsequential. It only cares about daylight and darkness. Last night, his tired mind drifted off, dragged him into the oblivion of sleep. Philippe could see in the front mirror the blank stare of his red eyes. He is not used to that much sleep derived from the day he took over New Greenwich. Setting his slump limbs on the ground of the forest feels likes he is using a different body that is not his. Maybe, he has crossed the boundary, the upper limit of his physic health. His body is after all over a hundred years old, and training never bothers his thought even if he was warned that even a young body needs its exercise to stay strong and healthy. Philippe walks carefully on the rocky ground, trying to avoid sharp stones and bricks. High pine trees surrounded just towers on him and he hardly sees the second marked stone - a big head-shaped stone, that is supposed to be perpendicular to the car road at the first marked. Otherwise, the forest seems refreshing. The air is rich with the earthy dam smell. The leaves are singing their harmony under the lingering wind. It is a truth that the last time he goes this close to nature was almost hundred years ago since his last trails at university. And even at that time, he still had a textbook on his hands for he cannot lose a second and fail behind his classmates. So it is quite the first time that he looks at nature closely. He sees the stone after 20 minutes looking around. It is quite close to the road. He can still see his car from there. Now, he has to walk fifty more step toward the peak on the right. One. Two. Three...Forty-nine. Fifty. Now walking along the mountain, he put his hand on it and trying to feel a different place. One hundred and fifty. Not here. One hundred and Sixty. He feels that the stone is not right. He pushes that place a little and he hears the machine sound! First the hand identifications, then the eyes and voices, which he all passed. The first marked stone rises up, and the elevator for his car is opened. So he has electric power and thus, every machine must work! He feels like he is turning to a youngster again, running fast to his car and drive it to the elevator, and it goes down all by itself, bringing him to his underground hideout. \"Mr. Philippe Weis, welcome home\", a woman voice announces. It is his visual assistant and butler. The shelter actually operates under the control of that assistant as he has no such knowledge. All he did was searching for the schematic, the house plant, and finding constructors. And this house could do everything for him. He goes through the tunnel and walks into his lake view house. Literally lake view. It is a two-story house that is built underground - under the surface of the lake. His living room has translucent-wall, so he got whole view from under the lake, but outside cannot see through. Other could say it is a fancy fish tank though. The house also has 5 bedrooms, a theater, a gymnast, and health pods that can check or even surgeon. Deeper underground, he even got a farm and processors to provide him a sustainable amount of various nutrition. Point of information, actually, this shelter can provide for around 6 people, and the manual setting is to serve that number. \"OK, Cortana. Change the house status, set to one person, male.\" He commands as he settles on the sofa, legs on the cocktail table. \"Housing status operate for one male user. Are there any other command, sir?\" Urgh, Philippe still feels dizzy with the lack of meals. His brain does not function as it should be - he even forget about needing food. Well, he doesn't need to cook here also. \"Cortana, I want a quick breakfast with an omelet and french toast, please.\" \"Your meal is coming in 5 minutes.\" This kind of non-human companion has drastically diminished after the change, as human labor becomes cheaper and cheaper. Now, Philippe hardly remembers how much more competent and reliable machine compares to human. He can reach it everywhere in the house and it does do everything he needs. Just think of the time he can save not worrying of other's emotions and gossips that he is more contented with his work but not his wife nor his family nor those damn people that paraded around once a week. New Greenwich's parties. The endless nothingness that happens too occasionally just because rich people want to show off their wealth. He had a whole city of Gatsby, worse, they were overspending and they did not have their Daisy for waiting. And he, himself did so to not become an oddity. No one said that others don't have his same reason. Philippe is just want to direct his anger at other. He let out a long sigh of despairs. Well, what can he do but watching movies? He cannot connect to the Internet, as it would provide his exact location for his enemies. He waves his hand and turns on the TV. \"Best of sci-fi,\" He said and scroll down the list. Philippe has no clue which movie is better than other, he trained himself to forsake his needs for entertainment a long time ago. They are quite time-consuming for someone who obsessed with living day by day like him. Knowing that every film would have similar effects to his emotions, he chooses the first name that caught his eyes: Star Wars. And a robot arm brings him his food is delivered. The introduction slowly crawls through the flat screen. He almost coughs out his first bite after seeing the word trade dispute. Even alien cannot stand boresome trade deals, and he thought buying cars from Detroit is troublesome. Maybe the movie is not that bad, it is relatable to him (which he surely would not relatable to the vast majority). The bread and eggs are well done. Perfect timing. Perfect for his taste. Well, some of his preference is easy to translate to time, and nothing is better at keeping time than computers and machines. He quickly finishes his meal. He shrinks all his body on the sofa His chin propped on his knee, he leans forward trying to focus on the movie. Ah, the villains are cowardice...Oh, forget it, that hooded lord Sidious seems to be a more reasonable main force of evil. What kind of queen ask for her handmaiden confident? So, she is a decoy for that Padme. And that Padme dare to go to a planet of scumbags? She is the queen, another handmaiden can do that for her. \"Are you an angel?\" No. No, he is too young, he is like 6 years old. Philippe would not complain if they had the clocks, but they didn't. And the boy is kind of a slave. So the slave and the queen get together. Another movie about a poor hero that becomes the love interest of a rich girl, and she helps him out. Just think of his daughter situation. If there were a movie at the time before, a sci-fi movie, Sylvia would be the rich girl that help the daring hero Will Salas to find his correct way of changing the system: stealing money from her father. Philippe is a villain in their story, well, the timekeepers also play the bad guy role. After all, only people who saturated in poverty are genuinely good. But he is rag once. His father is a veteran who better died in the war to stop poor people from rioting because they have no food but come back with PTSD. Later, he killed himself when Philippe was two, too young to remember that man and his troublesome. His mother is a high school teacher, who worked two jobs to raise him. She had a keen understanding of the system, more than anyone at that time. She knew that nobody could live forever, she understood that his fate, marked by the clock, was like livestock waiting for his due day. She was the only person Philippe could trust. He went to university before most of his age went to their junior year, and with a merit-based scholarship. But it is not enough for her. She died in an \"accident\" after his graduation. An accident. His frame fall on the sofa, he hardly controls his emotion, every time he thinks of it. An accident, because the jury agreed that his mom didn't have any reason to die - no emotional nor financial cause. Her son just graduated from a prestigious university and already obtained a great job at the age of 19. But he knew better. She thought that she would have become a liability, she was getting old at 39 years old, close to the retirement age, and he, when she is 45 years old, only had a year on his arm. She died to give him her retirement plan and her insurance, which is around 70 years (once 5000$ equals 1 year) enough for him to live a normal lifespan. She died for him to live. It was her choice alone. It was her ideas that she had to protect her almost grown-up son by any means. And she would sacrifice. And she had gone. All he can do is living, living all the years she had given him. The movie rant about the slave transmitter that can explode if a slave decided to run. Funny. He never thinks of his chip as a slave tracking system. But they sound the same. They forbid you to go far away from the city. They force you to stay at the place they want to (you cannot cross zone without money or specific jobs before system corruption). They control your death, either your time is out, or you try to remove it. He didn't realize that he is gripping his right arm wrist at the thought of the chip. Or at the thought of he, himself being a slave for time. His transmitter was deactivated. It is alright to remove it. He takes the butter knife and forces it to cut through his skin - through the fainted scar where it was put when he was a newborn. The transmitting chip is around half a centimeter deep. He can feel the hard surface of it. Dropping the knife, he uses his left hand to pick and pull the chip out of his own blood. He sits up and walks upstairs, to the healing pod, cradling his blood smeared arm. \"Cortana, I have a wrist injury.\" \"Healing pod is ready for you.\" She answers He lies into the pod, carefully put his injured hand down. The machine shows that it is scanning his arm for nerve and cord damage. \"No further injury.\" Great. It is such a relief. He already knows that slashing his wrist like this is stupid. He might lose control of his hand if he cut too deep, or he might die because he had cut through his vessels. But he has to take it out. It starts with pumping an anesthetic above that wound. Then, some sort of medicine, maybe to sterilize the bacteria is poured around the cut. Next, the robot arms sew his muscle and then his skin back. Another robot arm, this one connects with a light. The light slowly heals each area its cover until the wound again turn to its old state - a faded scar. It still hurts, as the wound inside isn't healed, yet. He wakes up and goes for the theater. He almost forgets that he has an IMAX cinema that is still running Star Wars in his house.[Chapter 6] Philippe is walking in a maze of grass-covered walls, being led by a butler and the CEO of his company to the meeting of the world council. Somehow, the UN council has become meeting between companies' owners in the last 16 years. To be honest, governments lose their rights with the diminish money they got from income tax. Last 16 years, almost 2 billions people die, old and young. But nobody complains because everybody, we all want to be immortal, we think we would have a chance, nevertheless, all evidence proved the much-shortened life for everyone. He is no different, though. Besides, most people have no information as no news outlet dare to go against its rich owner. In the end, only those who born with silver spoons on their mouth can laugh. Just like his CEO, who would not take a glance at anything that is not pretty women, alcohol or his boats. The rich would laugh until they realize that their time is drying up - every one clock is being cleaned off too fast to mooching off. Philippe knows his higher up never read nor touch any papers. Time has been easy for those fragile boys and girls who were too used to being the heirs and heiresses. Some of them even spend over their heads - to lose thousands days for a night party. He opens a company in that service with his mother's time so he knows. In the same time, he has accumulated over a thousand years and a half. He was a solid Director at the age of 25, and at 29 he was a Managing Director - 5 years sooner than usual (because he has no personal life and he dares to sell his life). He is doing their jobs already (soon they will be his jobs). When they arrive, most of the counc il has settled in. Philippe praises his host for choosing this location, the huge garden proved his wealth when the maze just traps people inside - weaken them even before starting any negotiation. After all, that is The one, the richest man alive. The title used to belong to The One's father, but the old guy dies from a heart attack, leaving all his money to his heir. Forget all Philippe's claims about heir and heiress, The One is a brutal force to be reckoned with, as he had several degrees in science and tons of experience in controlling his corporation. He is smart and dangerous, but you can change him with good evidence and reasons when his father is just an immobile stone. The One is actually the first person to have his gene being fixed to be young forever. The old guy's corporation has many patents in genetic editions, including the immortal gene and ultra-smart, superhuman,... At first, the old guy became rich with GMOs that literally solved world starvation, but of course, they just started projects messing up humankind's gene and controlled human race with their fancy plan of giving people immortality, for a price. They supervised governments in the exchanging money process. They maintain order with their droid and superhuman. It is not exaggerated when Philippe thinks they own the world and any other rich man is just their decorating. That is why this meeting is important. This is the meeting when power is directed from the old generation to the generation that born immortal. That is why he just seized the chance and sent The One his plan of giving human more time, to not bring the end of the world too soon. The birth rate is at the lowest, the death rate is at its highest. At this time is sound normal, but 40 years from now, the youngest from the time before is at their 80, and if no one born any children, they only have around 2 billion people from the population surge from 2050 to 2060. If most of them have not timed out as they are supposed to have only 1 year. In this new world, calculating population is much complicated than before. Philippe's CEO takes his seat. Only council members have their seat, as an assistant, he has to stand behind his higher up all time. And The One appears as all members stand up to greet him. He is supposed to be in his 40 but he feels young with his energetic and enthusiastic stride. Philippe stands too far to notice his facial character, but his tall and lean frame, and his dark hair color. The One started the meeting with his deep voice. And that baritone sounds like honey - luxurious and warm - that lure everyone in. He starts with humble comments about himself and progress to acclaim his father works before he … asks for change. Philippe lit up from his bowing pose. The One goes on about the time lost, quoting Philippe's words, and he knows he knows that the most important man in the world actually recognize his contribution and nothing could remove this intimate moment out of his mind. He is shaking as each of his words would utter by The One. The One ends his speech and asks for his incompetent CEOs to talk, Philippe gives him the papers that supporting this motion of creating an International Time Fund to generate an annual amount of time and to put it under the leash of the council, of changing the council to a no intervention organization, lower the anonymous count to ⅔ of the council member, of annual meeting. His higher up is doing great without choking on the words. Even with his brain, he should understand that it is The One's command, and with Philippe's preparation to blame everything on The One, he will not mistrust Philippe. After the conclusion is the conference. His boss stands up and commends his paper, well, if it is to be passed, the man would have more money after all. But Philippe still does as plan, talking about The One mail or how The One thinks a like-mind, you, as his right-hand man. His CEOs loves and savors every praising words. He even publicly hugs Philippe before departing to find a woman to flirt. Suddenly, Philippe feels a change in atmosphere, a sudden cold. He turns back and faces The One. The man is a head taller than Philippe, with a much squarer complex. He has a childish grin that imprinted on his face. Seeing that he has Philippe's full attention, his grin turns into a smile. \"You are shorter than what I imagined.\" Philippe is too stunt for a smart remark. And his mouth must be open, as The One just helps him close his jaws. The taller man just runs his fingers along his jaws to his hair and scruffs it. \"I like your proposal. And I take it as your first speech at this kind of meeting.\" Philippe has just collected himself enough to thanks for his compliment then said that he would transfer it to his boss. This time, The One puts a finger to his lips to shut it. \"I am talking about you.\" \"We shall meet again in the place where there is no darkness.\" Then The One leaves again. How he can secure a minute alone to talk with Philippe is unimaginable. And why he had to talk to a nobody like him? The further he walks, the clearer his mind. Philippe realizes that he is dreaming. Yes, he constantly dreams of his first meeting with The One. Yes, the proposal passes and then become the council's constitution. Yes, Philippe had long replaced his boss as the council member. But, no, he never sees The One again. The council hardly have any face-to-face meetings, because there is no reason for any change, or to risk life traveling outside their playgrounds is not worth it. Those words come from the mouth of someone who drove hours to delve into the wood. So many fear for nothing it seems. The problem is, now, everything is so damn quiet. No noise but his own breathing. No movement except the beating of his own heart. Only a burning sensation from the cut that keeps him awake. Philippe is still lying on the bed, having no reason to get up. One reason to not get up, injured. Second, everything can be ordered here. Third, no need to pretend tfo anyone. Holy hell, counting is making it worse. Yesterday has proved that watching movies after movies is not his thing; he kept skipping frames and scenes, and he does not like documentaries about economic and political problems. And he has no courage to reach for something as related to his past as books. Yep, already thought of it. Those last few weeks even better in comparison with today. Today, his mood is fooled Now, he thinks that everything might happen because he wanted it to happen (because it is 60 years with no change, no new purpose). He can easily pay for Sylvia's ransom. It is only 1/50 his annual income. It is nothing. And he secretly felt gleeful when she was kidnapped, he always wanted someone to teach her a lesson (someone had to teach rich kids about real life struggling). Not to mention, he turned blind eyes at every effort from the Timekeeper to catch them. Treason. There are two reasons for his neglection. One, he didn't want Sylvia to get caught, either because their troublesome behaviors are his source of fun, or because of his expectation that she is growing up. to be a formidable enemy. Secondly, he might be a sympathizer to his daughter's cause. That is what reasons The One would believe. Philippe knows that one knows he hímself is not incompetent to lose. And treasonous to the system any belief about him both sound. \"Cortana, I want an apple.\" \"1 minute, sir\" Hmm, not his problem. He is not on the battlefield anymore. There is no evidence for his involvement, it is just plain arrogant from his side. The apple rolls on the bedside table from a tube. He pulls up and falls right down to the mattress because of the pain. He had already forgotten that he cut his wrist, just last morning. He squirms to the strong side then get up. He checks for under the bandage, a red angry line, and it is fucking swelling, hot and stiffed. Ah, he was very well-manner, so this is like his first deep cut. Philippe unwraps the bandage, let his wound out in the open air. He picks up the apple with his strong arm and observes it. Artificial apple, of course. He could not have a farm that grows everything. But, he could still get a generator that 3d printing the apple molecular to molecular from wheat and sugarcane. An invention from the past too. Test tube apple, test tube human. He thinks as he bits the apple. What would he have done if he had a company that could make immortal individual? Would he change the whole world the way they did? Just no, he would patent the process then use it for a restricted number. They use it for everyone, but Earth's population was so high. The clock is that restriction, but what is the last number? Test tube human, Bon appetite for the last rat standing. Why did The One agree to his proposal? Because the old way is killing too fast, for someone came from dirt like Philippe, there is not enough time for them to change their social standing. Why don't they kill everyone when there are any problems in the colony? Because that process will kill any potential candidates for a new heaven on the Earth? He knows for sure that The One thinks highly of him, so very sure with all the praises that he gave his first council meeting, and spies. A lot of rich ones from collapsed zones settled into his zone. And his wife, Michelle appeared in the right place, at such a right time. Philippe was desperate at his early 40s, he had climbed all the steps of his social-ladder. Stocks or real estate on the next level is restrictive. With double of what he has, he finally can reach those opportunities. An heiress that need a man to claim her inheritance just appeared among the immigrants with the number he needed. And she doses after him. So the broker sold himself with a marital promise. Because, why not? No food for free charge, somehow she stayed with him for 70 years. It is just too long. Keeping appearance? No lover. Undying love? He never believes that scam. Spy? No one would be that paranoid to send any high skill spy that soon. Unless The One believes that Philippe is competent and dangerous. That is the elitist sign, then. He knows for sure that The One is keeping secret. Too many high tech things came from his colony. Some colonies focus on the production of cars, some on clothing, some on minerals, but his area is on things like the transmitters, the industrial machine... And no face to face meeting might happen because others colonies are crumbling when technology keeps advancing there. He knows that he himself had bestowed the power on that one. That day, The One also gained the power to generate money. How much did he created, and can the economy feels that change, if his colonies can self-sufficient?[Chapter 7] Sylvia has always loved her mother than her sire. After all, Mr. Weis has always been a distant figure, an emotionless shark who is always rushing away to work. He always prefers to spend his time at his company, gather more and more time. He would leave the house soon in the morning, and he would come home after midnight. He rushes away from the house as if he is not rich enough to live for thousands of years as if his wife and his daughter are worthless to him. He only loves himself, time and Darwin. Michelle is much different from her sire. She is loving when he is cold. She is compassionate and patient where he is stoic and aloof. She always stays with Sylvia, even if she might not understand every question, but at least she tries to listen to Sylvia, tries to figure out what Sylvia needs and ensure her pleasant. This time, Michele also listens to Sylvia's reasons. Michele is the first person to open her mansion's doors for the wave of people from New Dayton. She provides them with housing, with warm blankets, with meals, with even more time. She lives together with Sylvia's people, and Sylvia appreciates that. Sylvia would love to see her sire face, the one who again, runs away from hardship. He disappeared right after their encounter, without leaving even a word to his wife. What a coward! It is only three days since his disappearance, but something makes her unnerving. Well, the border between zones has been abolished. No Timekeeper has done anything after the death of their head, Raymond Leon. So, Sylvia can walk under the sunlight again. Even though, now, she feels attacked by the staring eyes of the rich here. They try to be polite to her, but distance is kept. However, Sylvia can understand New Greenwich's citizens' distrusting. They are uncomfortable with her people, because of all the stereotypes. They are uncomfortable looking at her because she used to take money from her sire, and they feel that they can be the next target. Yes, but there is still something, something more that worries her, more than those wondering and fear-bound eyes. Sylvia comes to see her mother for comfort and wisdom and reassurance as always. She easily gets into her old home-sweet-home, especially in the cover of the dark evening sky. Passing through some unfamiliar faces, she finally reaches the master bedroom. Its doors are wide-open, let her see the usual elegance curve of her mother. Michele is sitting on the balcony, looking at the sea, as usual. Time has been kind Michele, she is still fit in any high-end fashion couture, just as the white princess dress she is wearing. She is sitting so still that the only motion is of her flaming red hair, which Sylvia inherited, flowing in the wind. Michele looks so innocent in that white clothing, and maybe she is naive with her ignorance of the whole universe outside New Greenwich. If she can see more, she might have the same actions as Sylvia, isn't her? \"Mother!\" Sylvia softly cries out. After all, it has been such a long time since that destined night party. She is supposed to be emotional. She can be that emotional. \"Sylvia!\" Her mother turns back and hugs her tightly. Sylvia never forgets this warm and firm and secured feeling in Michele's arms. Like every trouble in the world just suddenly dissipates at the same time. Michele looks at her from her head to her toes, worry and happiness filled her eyes. \"You are still good, fortunately! And you are finally back.\" Michele lets out a huge sigh of relief. Sylvia just smiles by her habit - Sylvia is well-trained to smile at anything. It is because of her burning desire to correct Michele in so many ways. Sylvia's life is not jeopardy because of all the poor people as her mother would think. Her dangers always come from those wealthy who gains privileges and profits through the system, and thus, being threatened by her small coup. \"At least, I have one of my loved ones back,\" Michele says, further disturbs her daughter's emotion. How could she still in love with that monster is well beyond her grasp. And Sylvia's patient runs out. \"You are so blind! He is such a cold-hearted and a coward person. I can take it that he is your Charming Prince, with all the time he has, but he left you, and he never care for you! He doesn't deserve you!\" Sylvia rants through Michele's shocking face. Her mother must think everybody would love her man, but seeing Sylvia harboring such hatred toward her beloved must hurt her. \"That is all?\" Michele warmly smiles, which unnerves her. \"Have you ever thought that maybe you should look closer to us, maybe things happened differently than what you thought?\" \"What can be different? He is the one with the money and the status! Every girl outside would swoon over him, and that might be the reason why he never came home for us!\" Sylvia feels even more anger. \"Ah, that cannot be further from the truth, Sylvia. I love your father, he doesn't love me...\" \"You even admit it!\" \"But he would not cheat,\" Michele firmly states over Sylvia raging words,\" because everything he owned today, he owned them to me. I was the one with money and status, he is the Cinderella coming from rags.\" \"It is impossible,\" Sylvia says, because Philippe was the slowest of the slowest preparing for everything, unless when he needed to run away from this house. Her people would know how to run, how to appreciate the passing time, especially time with their family. \"He is. From what we spoke together 70 years ago, he was raised by his single mom - Susan Weis. She did 2 jobs to raise her prodigy son. And then, she died when he was 19.\" \"Being an orphan does not entitle him to make the world suffer for him! Or to excuse him from having any mistress\" Sylvia tries to keep her ideas. \"It deeply traumatized your father. He has not had any love interest before me, or after me, or dare I say I am not even his love interest. I can say that because I took his first kiss, and he is a virgin who knew nothing in our wedding bed.\" \"Ew! I don't want to hear about my parent's sex life!\" \"Yeah, but you are so determined to think that your father is an adulterer.\" That does cut her thought. It seems like she knew too little about her parents. She thought that her parents met each other someday, and soon after, she was born. But they already have had 70 years knowing each other. She thought that her mother was the rag and her father is the rich, but it is actually in reverse. She knows nothing about their past. \"He was a mid-level manager when I met him, a position allows him to be rich, but not enough. I told him that if he married me, I would give him the money he desired, and he sold himself for me already, because he knew it is his only chance.\" Michele continues. \"How could you love him?\" Most of Sylvia's anger has gone, giving space for the growing curiosity about all the unknown things. She softly askes her mother. Michele looks dearly to Sylvia's eyes, caressing her face. \"You have your father's eyes, don't you know?\" she sighs and explains: \"Right now, you have that burning passion his eyes once had before he feels contended with his fortune and the world around him. The passion that says, I have to change this world. My life has always lacked its purpose, and I was attached to that look of your father.\" \"But you said it died out, why would you stay?\" Michele gets stunted, she changes her look's direction to the darkened sea outside. \"He always runs away from home, because he can not love me, he can not please me with sex or anything else, he can not face the fact that he sold himself even, he also can not face the truth that his life out of work worth nothing. At first, I force him to do some \"night time activities\", but it also bored me to do it with a wooden figure. At the same time, I would feel confident that he would do nothing against my interest. But, it bored me, so I stopped doing that. And he runs away again. I could not stand being alone, so I asked for a child. It is you.\" \"You are staying because of me?\" \"No. I hope that you could bring him back to me.\" All her world shattered before her eyes. She thought her mother loves her more than anything, but she is actually chasing after some shadow, that might not even exist of her sire. Losing to some unworthy people who does not even try to fight is definitely suck![Chapter 8] Philippe thought that he would need to connect to The Wayward Millionaire Freddrick Heithecker as soon as possible, well, because he is wayward, unpredictable, crazy and vengeful toward The Council. The runaway tycoon is so sure that Freddrick would be intrigued by his case to overthrow this system for good, and thus, support Philippe's muscle shortage without condition. Philippe will have no trouble to gain back his old connections those seeds he had already planted in his own city long before. However, his people are mostly lawyers, journalists, doctors, who hardly have any power to stop the Timekeepers or others to tie him up and give him to The Council. He doesn't believe in his bodyguards as they stayed in the household far too long under the influence of the unknown elements, his wife. He does not want somebody who would thrust a knife when he turns away. However, everything turns out much better than his imagination. His face is all over the city, demanding him to lay low, and the hell if he dared to walk on the surface anytime soon. However, the underground system is not something people updates theỉr data. Philippe is testing the water. The maze under the city, even with his map, can be tricky, as almost a hundred years had passed. There is no way to be sure that any pathway had been destroyed by whatever the reason. Somebody used to live there in the time of Hunger before his birth. Somebody used those drainages to hide from being chipped. These people, they had been raided by the government or the mercenaries of Carleton Biotech Inc., whichever forces, all tended to overly use firepower, which destroyed thousands of things that were not been reported due to propaganda to protect the image and that institutions and their actions He tries to bypass the distance of 7 km under the metro of zone 12 and zone 6 to zone 4 on foot to get to Freddrick's private apartment first. Due to the nature of his world, facilities are supposed to serve much more people, of course, everywhere underground is f*cking lit. The soft, blue-white light laminating on the dirtied cover similarly bland white endless walls even tiered him more. Or into the railways, Philippe is easily be swallowed by the complete darkness if not for his lightning watch. In, out. Light. Dark. Black. White. They tirelessly replace each other in that tunnel. Regardless, without right maintenance, everything metal - the telephone booth, the railways- is covered in dust and rusty old reddish color, just the same with this dying world lingering on what used to be. And he, the forsaken hermit, covers his face with a mask, hides under the black hoodie, hopes to not disturbs this ruin more than displacing the dust and to not calling out any attention from anything, anyone. He is not sure if anybody still hides underground like the day before. It is against the urge to get closer to other; however, for a person without worrying about the clock, hiding here is inevitable as nobody is here to ask any hard to answer questions. But, it also means, they live against the law, they are surely criminals, aren't they? Philippe ironically curves his lips to a smirk. He is also a criminal, now. His face is everywhere. His arm shows a daring 13 zeroes underneath the thin sleeve. \"Clink\". His smirk is stopped suddenly because of the sound of something metal just drop on the floor. Fuck! He turns around too slow to see clearly, but still, enough to recognize a movement. He is fucking followed! Run. It is nothing funny if you got stalked, especially if your head worth something, which is a great motivation for your stalker. He has to come up with some plans as soon as possible. Running straight is a race of time, of who can last longer. Using the map, he suddenly turns for the maintenance door. Slamming it shut behind, he quickly climbing upstairs into the chamber, trying to smash everything he sees on the ground. Still, the race does not last very long, before reaching to the ladder to get out of the underground system toward a restriction property in zone 12, he got tackle down on the ground. After all, his bones are over 110 years old, and he did not need to run in the last 70 years, never. Despite being hurt by the sudden fall, he still tries to struggle to get out of the person on his back weight. This one knows his job, he already takes Philippe's arms behind his back, for more control, and, maybe for his time. \"Sorry to disappoint you, I have no time at all!\" Philippe triumphs as his 13 zeroes would be enough to discourage any thieve. Philippe can feel the surprise of his offender as he rolls Philippe's sleeve up. However, that suspend has stopped too fast. The person quickly sits on his arms and then turns his face back, and throws away the mask. \"Philippe Weis/ Raymond Leon\" They yell in surprise at the same time.[Chapter 9] It is unexpected. Philippe somehow got caught by a Timekeeper! But somehow, the stoic Timekeeper also not as unmovable as he has shown. Mr. Leon just drops off from Philippe's back and then pull him up. \"I don't know that you can run.\"Still painting from the long chase, Raymond suddenly asserts a question, which doesn't sound like the integration Philippe expected. Why he attained his 13 zeroes must be more interesting. On the other hand, people run every day, trying to have their ends met. \"It is weird that you say so. May I ask why?\"Trying to gather his calm with his mind's rising defense of questions is hard. Oh, so many questions. \"It is just a question of interest, Mr. Philippe Weis, you have time, and on our latest record, you had one million years lost around the system. I would say you used to be the richest around here. Why do you have the need to run?\" Raymond asks hastily. \"Everybody runs.\" Philippe shrugs, dismissing Leon's absurd notion. \"Not in New Greenwich.\" He pushes and Philippe pauses, trying to recall anytime his surrounds walk faster than normal, but came back with nothing. No wonder he never fits. \"They don't? I do not remember that. Employees used to be quick when I was one. Later, I thought it is just them practicing their \"gracefulness\" in front of me.\" \"Did you came from New Dayton?\" Even a stranger knows. The understanding look, the open conversation between people with shared identity and experience. Raymond Leon came from New Dayton. There are, of course, no matter how rare they are, \"better\" person who can cross the border by choosing the right route and doing all the right steps. That is the world Philippe helps created, and now, regrets. \"No. I did not. There has been \"new\" before the name because they are new. \" Philippe just shakes his head of his mixed feelings: he feels ironic. He left for almost a hundred years, and somehow people can detect it. No wonder, the whole council pinned on him. They can smell the rusty smell of ghetto on him. No wonder, he feels regret, because he cannot just leave his past untold. \"Los Angeles's downtown, close to the Finance District to gaze all the things in this world, but far enough to not touch anything.\" He tries to crack a joke on his upbringing. \"Brighter than Dayton then?\" \"Depend on what you call bright. There has been a famine that lasts for 20 years before my birth. And then they replace the starvation with this system, and we all thirst for time. I have been more or less fortunate ones, as my father out to shoot enraged poor civilians for the rich.\" A dry laugh came from Raymond, yes, Philippe chooses to enrage Raymond Leon because of his own curiosity, and of course, his courage gots strengthen by the inaction from the law-enforcer. Timekeeper, those might come from anywhere just to do the dirty work with the poor, for the rich. Their duties are with the poor people, thus they would not patrol in this place. \"Well, there must be someone to continue the tradition, don't be ashamed of it. Me, what I did for my rich. You, it is your job. Then, why are you here, why are you asking me so many questions when you used to threaten to catch me if I worked with Sylvia? I am running around with 13 zeroes, which is against the law, not to mention all the board showing my head worth a fortune right now. Why don't you turn me in?\" \"13-Zero. It should be the end for everybody, so why appearing with 13-Zero is against the law?\" \"Everything is electronic, which means they can be faulty. Stop the trigger at the right time, or any damage to the trigger can stop the clock without killing the person.\" Philippe reminds himself to remember his dishonor place and not letting too much top secret information out. Especially when being interrogated by a cop. \"So did your 13-Zero come as a surprise or a result of your trick?\" \"I... \" Then, a thought crosses his mind. \"There is a mistake with your clock! You are not here unintentionally, you are here to hide because you also have 13-Zero.\" \"50 years being a Timekeeper, I have never seen this abomination.\" Raymond softly murmurs. In Philippe's read, Raymond Leon's loyalty to the law is unyielding. He follows it, he upholds it, he becomes the law. Then, all hell breaks loss because of one million years in the system, and he himself is an outlawed being. A loss of identity. \"Don't feel incompetent. Most tricks happened long before your 50 years. I happened to be the only one left who knows one way due to my position.\" \"So you chose to have this. But is it better to be able to mix in the crowd like your daughter or stay behind your bodyguards' back? Why the government is hunting for you for 50000 years? Even our lovely couple just worth 10 years.\" \"It is a long story.\" \"I have my duty to at least follow you. Anyone worths that much is dangerous for the society.\" \"So you would not turn me in. You can't hurt me.\" Philippe's statement is returned by silence and a sudden grip of Raymond on Philippe's arm. Philippe has never won any brute force competition. \"I see. But it is a long story, do you want to come to my home and talk about it along the way?\" \"Move along, Mr. Philippe Weis. You have a long story to tell.\" ","Summary":" His daughter and her newfound boyfriend run away with his million years, leaving him alone. These k"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"Coming Home","Author":"DawningStar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4280147","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Coming Home by Dawn Note: This is a sequel, and if you haven't read Protecting the Racers yet you'll be lost. I wasn't expecting to have a sequel started so soon, but here we are. I blame the reviewers, especially SerpentsAttire and randomcat23. This story is not yet finished, and I'll be updating it as I complete the chapters. You'll have a longer wait than for Protecting the Racers, but hopefully inspiration won't abandon me. Reviews are great for prodding the characters to talk to me! Anything you like, anything you don't like, I'd love to hear from you. Part One It was hard to tell whether this was closer to a kidnap or a rescue, Speed thought, bemused. It was certainly not sanctioned by the hospital authorities, but when Rex had dropped a pair of red socks on his bed and grinned, protesting was out of the question. For that moment, on a face lit up with mischief, the features hadn't mattered at all and he'd seen his brother just as he remembered him. The way Rex drove a wheelchair was disturbingly similar to the way he drove a race car, too. Down several levels at a service entrance, the car waiting for them wasn't yellow, but Speed knew the sound of a well-tuned racing engine when he heard it and the paint job looked suspiciously new. Elena hopped out of it, winked happily at Speed, and pulled her husband down for a long kiss before handing him Racer X's mask and vanishing into the shadows as though she'd never been there. \"Coming, Speed?\" his brother asked. \"Unless you'd rather take your chances with the reporters out front.\" Definitely more of a rescue, Speed decided. \"Let's go!\" He kept his head down until they were safely away, which didn't take long, and eventually thought to mention, \"Pops does know about this, right?\" \"The family knows,\" Rex assured him. \"They agreed it would be better if you didn't go out the front. They'll meet us at the house.\" With that issue settled, Speed leaned back in the seat and let the wind relax him. Being trapped in a hospital bed had begun to feel a lot like being trapped in an aquarium, once the nurses had started gossiping about his identity, in spite of Trixie's valiant efforts to defend him. \"Thanks, Rex. I needed out of there.\" Rex cast him a look, impenetrable under the mask. \"You can't call me that, Speed.\" \"Even when it's just us?\" Speed asked, regretting the plaintive tone even as he heard it. It made him sound like a kid, which really wasn't the way he wanted Rex to see him. \"Not even then,\" Rex said. \"It's important to train a habit, so the wrong name never comes out, even under stress. You might notice my wife never calls me by that name.\" Even under stress had a frightening sort of ring about it, Speed couldn't help thinking. \"You're going to have to give that lecture a lot,\" he said, to take his mind off it. The hospital was too public a place to hold the long conversations Speed knew pretty much everyone in the family wanted to have with Rex. It was a debatable point whether Rex had seen this as a disadvantage, or welcomed the delay. In either case, once home, things would change. The resigned sigh told him Rex knew it, too. \"However many times it takes.\" \"Why is it so important?\" He still hadn't really adjusted to the fact of his brother's survival, and looking at the unfamiliar face made it harder. Without the name to hold on to, the memory of Alex's admission was as surreal as a dream. A pause, long enough that Speed began to wonder if he should rephrase the question. Finally Rex said, \"Because if anyone made the connections, my presence would put all of you in danger. Again.\" If Rex thought the family was in danger because of him, he would have to leave. Again. And not come back, not for a very long time. If calling his brother by an alias kept him around, Speed would do it and gladly. Remembering all the protection that Rex and the Inspector seemed to think was necessary for his sake, Speed felt a twinge of guilt. His brother had left to draw the danger away, but Speed had snatched at the chance to win the Grand Prix without ever considering the consequences to his family. If Mom or Pops or Trixie had been in that ill-fated helicopter, and been hurt or killed, he'd never have forgiven himself. \"Should I--do that?\" he asked, voice sounding small in his own ears. \"Leave? If people are shooting missiles at helicopters because I might be in them...\" \"No,\" Rex cut him off, forcefully, and Speed knew it was Rex; that was older-brother panic, not the strategic protest of an agent, and it warmed him to hear it. \"No, Speed, you shouldn't.\" A breath of silence. \"The choices I had to make...I never wanted that for you, Speedy.\" Of course not, Speed wanted to say, but he could tell his brother was searching for words, and didn't interrupt. When the words came, slowly, they weren't the ones Speed had expected. \"It was after that race at Thunderhead that it started. You remember how everyone wanted me to sign with them.\" Speed remembered. He'd been so proud of his big brother, and so sure that Rex would never leave Racer Motors. \"Blackjack Benelli was one of those people. I turned him down. Twice.\" With Alex's face hidden behind Racer X's mask, it was easy to accept that the man behind it was still Rex, especially when his voice was hoarse with memory. \"He made threats, but I didn't take him seriously. And then that bomb--do you remember?\" A flush of guilt heated Speed's face. \"I remember.\" He'd carried the package in himself, pleased to have met a fan of his brother. \"After that, I knew I didn't have a choice...\" Eleven years ago On the nights when no races were scheduled, Thunderhead track was usually deserted. Few drivers wanted to practice this late, when the spectators were gone. The lone red car hummed at the starting line, eager to run the track with or without competition, but her driver sighed and shut down the engine, ignoring the disappointed note as the car obediently went silent. For once, Rex Racer had lost all desire to race. It was well past midnight, and Pops probably thought he was out partying and getting drunk. Rex wished he were; an argument over irresponsibility and underage drinking would have been reassuringly normal, in comparison to the one they were actually going to have. The one they needed to have, because Rex had no intention of dragging his family with him into the sordid underworld he had no choice but to enter. The bomb Speed had unwittingly brought home had come within seconds of killing not only Rex, but Speed, Pops, and Speed's completely uninvolved classmate. If Speed hadn't been quite so observant of the stranger's car...if Rex hadn't reacted fast enough... The sick horror still hadn't faded. No, there was no way he would risk the family again. He'd already made the call, though it had felt like selling his soul to agree to Benelli's terms. Now he just had to make sure his family stayed safely out of the way. He opened the car door to let the breeze in, and rested his head on the wheel of his car, trying to gather his courage to go back to the house. Putting it off wouldn't make it any easier. It just gave him a few more minutes as a man with a family, instead of a thug for Benelli. Something rustled in the still night, and Rex's attention snapped toward the noise, eyes narrowing. \"Who's there?\" A dark-skinned girl stepped from the shadows like a ghost, a wry smile touching her full lips. The blue dress that clung to her slim curves matched the beads that clicked softly in multiple braids. \"I only want to talk, Mr. Racer,\" she said, in a lilting, exotic accent. He frowned at her, trying to remember where he'd seen her before. \"Talk? About what?\" It came out sharp, but if he was impolite enough that she went away so much the better. The last thing he wanted was a conversation about racing, when all his dreams had become nightmares. But she said, \"About your plans for the future. You have agreed to Mr. Benelli's offer, have you not?\" The name made his gut churn. Rex recognized the girl now, a face in the crowd at the track, and he'd dismissed her then as just another racing fan. She was no older than him, and looked far more innocent. But now he could see a darkness in her eyes that didn't match her age, and he clenched his fists. \"You work for him?\" he demanded. \"Not at all,\" the girl said pleasantly. \"Quite the opposite. I have a different offer for you.\" A derisive breath forced its way out of him. \"I've had about enough of offers I can't refuse, thanks anyhow,\" he snarled. \"Go away.\" The young woman spread her hands, her eyes wide in a silent plea. \"I think you'll like this option better than what you have now,\" she said in earnest tones, \"and of course you can refuse it. But please hear me out first.\" It might be a trap, and probably was; some kind of test, to see if he was going to be loyal--and yet... Against his better judgment, Rex jerked his head for her to continue. \"I work for the C.I.B.\" The statement was direct and matter-of-fact, with no room in her expression for any of the obvious questions about her youth. \"We have been trying to bring Benelli to trial for years now, but we have no proof, no witnesses willing to testify.\" Rex had a first-hand understanding of how potential witnesses might be convinced not to do anything against Benelli. He wished the C.I.B. every success, but his family's safety was too high a price to pay, even if he could trust that this girl was truthful and not reporting to Benelli as a test of his loyalty. \"I'm not going to spy on anyone.\" He reached for the ignition. \"Hear me out,\" the girl commanded again, and Rex found himself pausing without conscious decision as she stepped closer to the car. Her face was open, unguarded, and the shadows in her eyes had the look of bitter knowledge. \"Right now, you don't think you have a choice,\" she said. \"You're probably right, or you would never have agreed. I know a little about you, Rex Racer.\" She raised her eyebrows slightly. \"You are a good man. Following Benelli's orders will be very difficult for you. And eventually, whether in a month, or six months, or a year, there's going to be one you can't follow. What I'm offering you, when that time comes, is a way out.\" He hadn't seen where it came from, but there was suddenly a slip of scrap paper in her blue-gloved hand. Rex took it gingerly, looked it over. A corner of a page that might have been torn from anywhere, with a number scribbled in feminine handwriting and a name below it--'Helen'. Perfectly safe for him to carry around. Her direct gaze was still waiting for him when he raised his head to meet it, and there was a compassion in it that made him want to look away. \"A suggestion, Mr. Racer.\" She reached into his car, and lightly tapped the photo there. \"For your family's sake...never admit that you care about them.\" Rex swallowed hard. That much he'd already known. \"Why should I trust you?\" he asked, a little too rough to pretend she hadn't affected him. The girl's lilting voice dropped abruptly into something closer to a growl. \"I swear to you, I would sooner die than help Benelli.\" The hatred in her eyes couldn't possibly be feigned. \"He killed my mother.\" And she stepped back, conversation over. \"Wait,\" Rex blurted. \"Helen--is that your name?\" He received the faint flicker of a smile in response, thrown over her shoulder. \"It's as good a name as any.\" Then she was gone. Present \"And that was Elena? How you met for the first time?\" Speed asked, fascinated. He didn't quite see how the story applied to the issue at hand, but it didn't matter. Every scrap of information about how his brother had spent the long years apart made the gap between them feel a little smaller. Rex nodded. \"Not that I had any idea who she was.\" He'd guessed some of the pressures Rex had been under, once he'd realized the extent that corporate corruption had penetrated the sport of racing, but hearing it first-hand was still difficult. Especially since he'd had absolutely no idea about any of it while it was happening. \"I wish you'd told us.\" The words slipped out before he could catch them, although the last thing he wanted to do was make his brother feel any worse about the whole thing. Too late to stop now, though. \"Even if you'd still had to leave, we could have tried to help. We'd've understood what you were doing.\" Rex slapped the wheel sharply enough to make Speed jump in his seat. \"That's it exactly, Speed!\" he said, low and intense. \"I should have told you. I was so worried about keeping you all out of danger that I took away your right to choose.\" Speed made the connection. \"That's why you think I should stay. Because everyone's already shown they'd rather go through this with me, whatever happens.\" Even well aware of the danger--Rex's death, then the attacks by ninjas and thugs, had made it quite clear--the family had supported him wholeheartedly in the Grand Prix. \"I didn't really understand until I thought about how I'd feel, if you tried to leave,\" Rex admitted. He wasn't looking at Speed at all, eyes hidden behind the mask. \"I was wrong. And I hope you won't make the same mistake.\" A feeling of warm relief spread up through Speed's chest. \"The family's learned something in ten years, too,\" he said, trying for a light tone. \"If I tried it they'd only drag me back.\" Rex snorted a soft laugh. \"Saw that at Casa Cristo, didn't we? You should've heard the security guards talk about you all.\" The next thought drained Speed's good humor. \"But you're going to leave again, aren't you?\" He tried not to make it an accusation, though it really was. \"Yeah,\" Rex breathed on a sigh. \"There's too much to do; Royalton's not the only problem.\" A quick smile, lopsided but genuine. \"But I won't be alone. I've got Elena to watch my back, and all the other agents; and I have a family to come home to again. I've lasted this long, you're not going to lose me now.\" It didn't stop the worry, but Speed recognized the stubborn determination that he had always shared with his brother and knew there were some things that couldn't be changed. \"Just be careful,\" he couldn't help saying. Even now, all secrets revealed, his brother apparently could only take so much of the unaccustomed openness. \"Why don't we pick up the pace a little?\" he suggested. The car roared eagerly. Speed grinned, and for the moment, the long years separating them didn't seem to matter much at all. end part one[Chapter 2] Part Two The silence had a focused quality to it, and Elena admitted to herself that she'd never before felt so intimidated by...well, anyone, really. But especially not by such kind and honest people. She'd faced down murderers with less trepidation than sitting here in the C.I.B. van, her husband's family pretending not to stare at her. The Inspector had provided the vehicle, an armored transport, and a C.I.B. driver, but he'd gone himself to deal with Taejo Togokahn's evidence. It was the driver who'd conducted the family safely past the reporters, with a few strong reminders about the privacy laws that prohibited news media from approaching a private residence without permission. Elena had been waiting in the vehicle, out of sight. She avoided cameras wherever possible. And now the silence had stretched almost fifteen minutes. Spritle and his chimpanzee watched her openly, but for once the boy was waiting for someone else to ask the first question. Trixie's little smile hadn't faded yet, and her eyes were distant, probably wondering how Speed was getting on with his brother. Sparky had been examining the interior of the compartment so long it was obvious he was avoiding eye contact. And Elena couldn't seem to look at her parents-in-law. She ought to say something, to acknowledge the part she'd played in the family's pain and apologize somehow. The trouble was, everything she could think to say began with I wanted to tell you , which left Alex as the one who'd insisted on the secret. However accurate that might be, Elena had no intention of causing any more trouble between her husband and his family. \"Is it safe to talk here?\" Mom Racer finally found words to end the uncomfortable silence. Elena hadn't even considered that as a possible reason for their reluctance to speak, though now she realized that after the three consecutive lectures on secrecy Alex had given to cut off this sort of conversation in the hospital of course it would be on their minds. \"Yes, it is,\" she assured them. \"This vehicle is secure, no one is listening in. We'll make sure the house is a safe place, too.\" A collective sigh of relief blew away more of the tension than Elena expected, and almost at once Spritle demanded, \"Did you always know he was Rex?\" She winced. \"Yes, I always knew.\" The simple answer was better. \"I was working for the C.I.B. before Rex signed with Uniron.\" Elena had never forgotten her first meeting with Rex Racer. The young driver had reminded her, with a foreboding pang, of Garrett Michaelson, the man her mother had loved, that last year--handsome and self-confident, addicted to the track and to the cars, and so very, very trapped. She'd wanted to blame Michaelson when Benelli killed her mother, but then he'd tried to turn on Benelli anyway and been murdered himself, which made it hard to resent him properly for making her mother a target. At the time, she'd rather felt that any driver who worked for Benelli deserved whatever they got. Rex, though...he'd been different. \"I've been protecting him a long time,\" she murmured, lost in memory. Eleven years ago Today she was Leena Price, neither elegant nor modest, and her clothes attracted plenty of attention but no one was looking at her face. The road was crowded with spectators, most of them criminals of one stripe or another, craning for a better view and betting on the outcome of the challenge. She didn't enjoy this sort of role, and the Inspector would never have asked it of her. But Leena fit here in a way that none of the identities the Inspector had provided ever could, and right now Minx needed that invisibility. Actually, the Inspector was going to be quite upset when she reported in, assuming she chose to include all the details. He was a good man, and Minx knew very well how much she owed him, but there were days when he apparently couldn't decide whether to treat her as his agent or his daughter. How he'd picked up that notion, Minx had no idea. The concern was kind of nice but the lectures could get awfully tiresome. The crowd was focused on the bright orange and yellow car of Fury Farnell, an appropriately nicknamed man whose hair was dyed to match his vehicle. Officially, Farnell drove for Uniron, the same company who now sponsored Rex Racer. Unofficially, Farnell had been working for Benelli long enough that he was often rewarded with wins where corporate concerns permitted. So far, Rex Racer had only followed instructions to prevent undesirable drivers from making any kind of notable finish, but he'd done it with a flair that had unfortunately attracted Fury's attention. The drivers connected with the criminal underworld challenged each other regularly, because they were drivers; because they were seldom better than criminals themselves, the challenge races were violent and rife with sabotage. Injury was common, death less so but always a possibility. Minx strolled through the crowd in a leisurely fashion, aiming for the relatively uncrowded area around Rex Racer's car without ever quite looking at it. The trick was not to look like she was in a hurry. With a seductive sway that would offer adequate explanation to any observer, Minx made the final approach to the bright red car. It wasn't the track car Rex had driven in the races, but a brand-new one, suitable for road driving or rallies, provided by Uniron as an extra benefit to their newest driver. Behind the wheel, Rex Racer hit the ignition, head tilted slightly as he listened to the sound of the powerful engine. His face had grown harder in the month since she'd last been this close, but it bore no trace of the malice that marked Farnell and others like him. In general, Minx didn't like drivers. All of them were arrogant, to more and less harmful degrees, and aggressive driving on the track too often spilled over into aggression off the track. And all of them working for Benelli were by definition her enemies, because Benelli was going to trial, whatever it took. Rex Racer shouldn't have felt much different from all the rest. Certainly she shouldn't trust him, shouldn't let him know where or who she was after the initial contact. He was a desperate man, and it was quite possible he would decide that turning her in as an agent would make his family safer. And yet there was something about him...she hadn't even paused to question what she needed to do. The young man didn't see her until she leaned in over his window, and then his eyes narrowed in wary recognition. Minx ignored this, and put all the urgency her expression didn't dare show into her voice instead, soft and sharp. \"Farnell bribed your mechanic. You've got a faulty tread on the left front wheel. Can you compensate for it?\" The road ahead was mountainous and full of sharp turns, and not known for its safety. A skid on the wrong curve, especially with an opponent who knew to expect it, could easily send both car and driver over a cliff edge. If Racer couldn't handle it, she needed to figure out some kind of delay fast. There was no way to simply call off the race. Racer's face hardly changed, but his frown got a little deeper. \"I can manage,\" he said curtly. \"Good.\" She had to trust he wasn't overestimating his own ability. \"Check your Kwiksave again,\" she added anyway. \"It's probably been disabled.\" \"Why are you telling me?\" he demanded, harsh and suspicious still. \"I'm not working for you people.\" Not yet , Minx thought. That was true enough, Racer had yet to use the number she'd provided him. And honestly, she wasn't supposed to be getting this involved. It was dangerous for him to know she was still around, watching out for him. The Inspector wouldn't be pleased with the risk she was taking. She couldn't possibly explain something she barely understood herself, not to his satisfaction in a few seconds. Minx offered a sultry smile instead, for the benefit of anyone watching. \"I like you, that's all,\" she purred, and moved away, aiming for the next handsome, well-dressed young man. Leena Price was always welcome. What made Racer different? Maybe it was only that he was the best hope yet of getting evidence to link Benelli to the Uniron corporation, but she couldn't help remembering the pain in his eyes when she'd mentioned his family at their first meeting. Minx had watched him cut all ties to keep his family safe. Not many drivers would go so far, and she could tell it hurt him, convincing everyone he didn't care about the people he loved most in the world. He'll make a good agent, if we can just keep him alive long enough . She'd put it that way to the Inspector, who'd laughed at hearing her repeat almost exactly the same words he had once used of the stubborn, revenge-driven girl she'd been three years ago. Minx needed to keep him alive. It was that simple; why complicate it with explanations? She was going to keep him alive. Whatever it took. Some enterprising soul had set up a large screen to one side, and the crowd drifted in that direction as Farnell shouted a bit more abuse in Rex's direction. The young driver pulled into position beside him without bothering to respond. This was strictly a challenge; there were no other cars. The image jittered nauseatingly on the screen as the amateur cameraman adjusted to the motion of the helicopter. One of Farnell's more attractive girlfriends brought down the flag, and both cars roared away. Minx chose not to join in the general shouting. Most people were supporting Farnell, because it was safer, except for the gamblers who had taken the higher risk and put money on Racer instead. It would have added to her cover to cheer Farnell on, but she couldn't bring herself to do it. Drivers were always too confident of their skills. She only hoped Racer had found whatever the greedy mechanic had no doubt done to his Kwiksave. The red car had taken an early lead, Farnell tucked in just behind. Around the first few gentle curves up the hillside, there was no evidence of trouble. Then Racer took a hairpin turn almost without slowing, and began to skid uncontrolled toward the flimsy guard rail. Minx felt her heart leap into her throat and choke off her breathing. He'd gone at that turn with no caution at all, had he even been listening to her? Farnell moved in to make the shove-- And Racer turned into the skid and flung his car into a full spin, slamming into Farnell at such an angle that the orange car rubbed harshly against the cliff face, leaving streaks of paint behind. Racer was off and away before Farnell could correct his momentum. She took a careful breath, hands trembling, and watched Rex Racer take the next few curves widely enough that the skid never even began. Oh yes, he'd been listening. And he'd made that dangerous play to ensure no one suspected that he already knew about the problem. He'll make a good agent , she thought again, and couldn't quite keep from smiling. Present Too many details about that dangerous time would only make the family fret about her husband's safety, and Elena didn't want that; it was easy to see they were already worried enough. She simplified that entire period in their lives to, \"He didn't trust me at first, but I warned him if another driver had something planned.\" \"So you met him as Rex?\" Mom Racer said, eyebrows up in surprise. \"If you've always known about the family--We never met back then, did we?\" Elena shook her head. \"I always wanted to meet you,\" she answered honestly. \"It was too dangerous. It's a risk even now, but it would have been much worse before.\" \"Why didn't Rex tell us?\" Elena had only spent a week's time with the Racers, but she knew already that Pops didn't often sound so subdued. It was regret in his eyes, not the anger Alex still dreaded facing, and for her husband's sake she was glad of it. \"He let me think--if he'd explained, I'd never have said--he has to know that, surely?\" \"He knew,\" Elena affirmed quietly. \"It's a conversation you'll need to have with my husband, but I can tell you that he was only ever trying to protect you all, the best way he knew how. Benelli was a very violent man, and very persuasive.\" Her father-in-law's face went suddenly hard with memory. \"That bomb in the package,\" he spat. \"That's when Rex started acting strangely, I should have known! He told me it was some rival driver, said he'd take care of it...\" \"How safe is Rex now ?\" Mom Racer interrupted, looking anxiously from Pops to Elena. \"All the risks he takes on the track are bad enough, but the people shooting at him, the ninjas, how often does this sort of thing happen?\" In point of fact, it happened a good deal more often than Elena liked, and there wasn't much she could say that would be comforting to worried parents. \"Alex is very good at what he does,\" she began, words coming slow. \"It isn't a safe job, but it's necessary. He's saved a lot of lives.\" \"But surely someone else could do it,\" Mom Racer appealed. \"Hasn't Rex done enough already?\" Elena's mouth twisted in complete sympathy. \"If he wanted to stop, no one would argue with him,\" she agreed. \"The Inspector's offered him quite a nice retirement package twice that I know of. But this is important to Alex. And honestly, no, there's no one else who could possibly drive the way he does.\" The pride and worry intermixed on the faces of her in-laws at this statement warmed Elena, it being precisely the way she felt most of the time. \"If it's that important to him, we'll support him however we can,\" Pops announced, decisive. \"Took me a couple tries to get this thing right, but I'm not making the same mistake again.\" His wife leaned into him and wrapped an arm around, giving and receiving comfort. \"How come you still call him Alex even though we all know who he is now?\" Spritle sidetracked the conversation with a curious look. Elena offered a wry smile. \"It's safer if I don't think of him as Rex. I'm less likely to slip in public,\" she explained. \"Actually, he'll probably insist the rest of you do the same. There are still people who would be very unhappy to learn that Rex survived.\" There was a general wince at the reminder. \"No problem,\" Pops said hastily. \"We've been calling him Alex for a week already, it's a good name.\" \"I, ah, wanted to say.\" Elena's carefully cultivated confidence slipped farther away from her with every word. Apologizing seemed like such a feeble gesture when she thought how she would have felt if someone had conspired to make her believe that her mother had died when it wasn't true. Or Alex, for that matter. \"All these years when you didn't know--I'm so sorry.\" Her mother-in-law had tears in her eyes, but there was a genuine smile under them. \"I'm glad he found you, Elena,\" she said sincerely. \"After he left, I was worried most of all that he was alone. It can't have been an easy life for either of you, but I can still recognize my son, and I know it's because of you. Thank you for protecting him.\" Elena's responding nod was jerky, and her own eyes were full. \"Always,\" she murmured, clasping her mother-in-law's hand in silent pledge. \"I can't say it's not dangerous, but I'll keep your son safe if I possibly can.\" \"And yourself, too,\" Pops Racer put in, smiling at her. \"I think I'm going to like having a daughter. We'd like to keep you.\" It was a strange feeling. For a week she'd been on the fringes, almost like family but never quite comfortable however she pretended, her husband's identity a barrier between her and the welcoming Racers. Now it was gone, and she really was family. It was a strange feeling, but she very much wanted the chance to get used to it. Notes: Sorry it's taken longer than before, and I can't promise the next one will be any faster. Real life unfortunately interferes. Next part's about Sparky, though. Hope you like this--whether you do or not, please review![Chapter 3] Coming Home by Dawn Part Three Rex was alive . He'd gotten stuck on that thought a while back, like an engine with a faulty starter, unable to move past it however many times he tried. Alex was Rex, Rex was Racer X, Rex was married, all of it would probably matter sometime later but right now he didn't have the room to process any of it. Rex was alive! Sparky had the feeling there'd probably been a vague, stupid smile on his face ever since the revelation in the hospital room. Certainly he'd been drifting about with his mind more than a decade away. With a name like Wilson Sparkolomew, he probably would have had trouble with his classmates regardless of any other factors. He was also short, new, not academically inclined, and couldn't care less about any sport that didn't include engines. In the seventh grade, it was a situation made for disaster. Rex Racer had been the amazingly cool high-school student whose friendship automatically made Sparky cool by association. No one made fun of him after Rex, already winning all the Thunderhead junior division races, made it known that Sparky was a genius mechanic. It had been Rex who first called him Sparky, too. He'd spent more time at the track and at the Racer house than in his own home, empty while his father worked long hours. Speed had grieved with him after Rex's loss, because they both knew how it felt to lose a brother. But Rex was alive, and while Sparky might eventually be upset over the lost years, right now he could only be grateful for the miracle. Lost in the past, he'd been listening to Elena with no more than half an ear. Then he heard her pledge to Mom and Pops. \"I'll keep your son safe if I possibly can,\" she said, and Sparky froze. It was a feeling not unlike being hit with a socket wrench, only less painful. He looked across the compartment at Rex's wife, and a slow smile of recognition crept to his face as the memory absorbed him again. Eleven years ago The Mach Five took on the same shimmering color as the clouds in the light of early sunrise, with her own metallic sheen that to Sparky's eyes outshone the sky completely. He trailed a hand along the white curve of the hood, glancing guiltily at the silent Racer household. He shouldn't be here. Stopping here on the way to the airport was just asking for trouble, he had no good reason to be here. He and Rex had built this car together, from engine to final waxing. Pops Racer had designed it and encouraged them along the way, but it had been Rex's special project. Sparky sighed, searching his memory again for any hint that Rex had wanted more than Racer Motors and an amateur mechanic best friend could give him. In his memories, Rex had always seemed so...content. But maybe that was only because Sparky had always been content with the way things were... \"You're going to see Rex, aren't you?\" Sparky jumped violently, one knee slamming into the Mach Five's door with a solid thump. He'd completely failed to notice Speed before. The kid was huddled into the passenger side of Rex's car, arms locked about his knees. \"Um,\" he said, buying himself time, and leaned over to check the smooth metal to be sure his carelessness hadn't left a dent. And so he wouldn't have to meet the painful hope in Speed's eyes. He'd told his dad that Rex had sent him a ticket to Fuji. That was a complete lie. Rex hadn't bothered to send him so much as a postcard since storming away from Racer Motors and signing with Uniron. But Sparky couldn't stand the thought of having company this trip, and his father wouldn't have let him go alone if he'd admitted Rex probably didn't want to see him. And he had let the Racers believe it was a vacation that had nothing to do with racing, something to get his mind off Rex, because they would ask too many questions if he even mentioned Fuji. With two different false stories well prepared, Sparky could have lied to anyone else. But not to Speed, not looking at his own pain in the young face. \"I'm going to try,\" he told the boy after a moment, honestly. \"But I don't know if Rex will talk to me.\" \"He's got to,\" Speed insisted, scooting to his knees on the seat to meet Sparky at something closer to eye-level. \"I don't know why Rex's mad at us, but he can't be mad at you . You weren't even here.\" Nice interpretation; Sparky wished he could believe it. The guilt of being on the other side of the world when his best friend needed him still twisted unpleasantly in his gut. A few weeks visiting family in Australia, and everything had fallen apart here. He could only shake his head wearily, and repeat, \"I don't know, Speed.\" The kid looked down, and the key to the Mach Five clinked as he twisted it around his fingers. The Mach Five belonged to Speed now, but to the two of them it would always be Rex's car. \"I just--can you ask Rex for me why he's mad? Tell him Pops is sorry? And we all want him to come home, we miss him. He won't--I tried to send a letter, but--please tell Rex I love him, that's all.\" Sparky ducked his head. He wanted desperately to convince Speed not to blame himself, but knew the boy would only accept that if it came from Rex. \"I'll tell him,\" he promised instead, because there was nothing else to say. \"If I find him, I'll tell him.\" \"Okay,\" Speed breathed, and managed a smile, though his eyes were damp. \"Have a safe trip, Sparky. You better go before Mom or Pops see you here.\" It was good advice, and Sparky took it, heading to the airport in plenty of time for his plane. The flight to Fuji was completely uneventful, allowing far too much time to think as he drew nearer to a confrontation he knew he would never be ready for. All the hotels catered to the race fans, the Helexicon being the major tourist event of the year for the little group of tropical islands. Even the cramped, musty inn Sparky had chosen as best suited to his small budget offered free transportation to the racetrack, though it was a crowded bus that stank of too many people in humid air. He'd come up with a lot of plans for finding Rex, most of them stupid enough that even someone as young as Speed could have pointed out their flaws--but in the end it was as simple as recognizing the red Uniron transport when it arrived. Sparky scrambled to reach the entrance gate before the car, and Rex, were lost to the confusion of the track. Rex was not such a well-known driver that reporters paid him much attention, not when there were so many other and more notable celebrities about. Once the race officials let the car enter, no one was around but two burly men in coveralls with the Uniron logo splashed across them. Sparky would have preferred to have Rex's new mechanics out of earshot for this, but there wasn't going to be a better chance. He wiped sweaty palms on his jeans and hurried forward. From a distance Rex had looked exactly the way Sparky remembered him; closer, the tension in his clenched jaw was harder and colder than the excitement Sparky had always shared with him before a race. \"Rex!\" he called, voice not so confident as he would have liked. He'd imagined about a hundred different reactions Rex might have to seeing him so unexpectedly, but none of them had included the flicker of sheer panic. It was gone almost at once, but Sparky knew Rex too well to miss it. The contempt that replaced it was even worse. \"Sparkolomew,\" Rex sneered, and there was no welcome in the tone at all. \"Come to sneak a look at a proper car, for once?\" The Uniron mechanics snickered appreciatively. Sparky faltered. Even with all he'd heard about the bitter argument, he hadn't expected this from his best friend. \"You always loved the Mach Four!\" he protested defensively. Pops Racer had done the actual design work, but Sparky couldn't help feeling a certain proprietary interest after all the times he'd helped get the car ready for the track and repair it afterward. \"You thought we were really friends, didn't you?\" Rex laughed. It was a harsh, cruel sound, and Sparky had never heard anything like it from Rex before, not even aimed at the worst schoolyard bullies and idiot drivers, the ones he knew Rex hated. \"I only needed a half-decent mechanic to back me up, and you worked for scraps of praise--cheapest I could find. I don't need you anymore, you or those junk-heaps my old man builds. I have a real team now.\" The malice in Rex's voice cut through all Sparky's good intentions, and curled bitter on his tongue. \"Speed wants to know what he did to make you angry enough to leave,\" he spat. \"Maybe he ought to be asking what he did to be stuck with a brother like you in the first place.\" It was fury and pain that flung the words like weapons, and Sparky saw them strike home in Rex's almost imperceptible flinch. But there was none of the reaction he'd hoped for, no denials, no sign of the Rex Sparky knew. \"Run on home, Sparkolomew,\" Rex said, cold and distant as to a complete stranger. The car accelerated past him. The closer mechanic took the opportunity to shove him, smirking as Sparky stumbled backward and fell with a bruising thump on the pavement. Then they were gone, and Sparky was alone with his wounded pride, breathless and definitely not close to tears. For a long moment, going back to the cheap hotel with its water-stained wallpaper and mold on the ceiling was infinitely more tempting than staying to watch the best friend he'd apparently never known. In the end, though, he stayed. This was the Fuji Helexicon, one of the races he'd always promised himself he'd see in person someday, and he'd already spent his savings on the nonrefundable ticket. If Rex had torn apart the last five years of his life, well, at least there was a race to watch. He would have to tell Speed something. I couldn't find Rex, Sparky rehearsed mentally. Sorry, Speed, the track was just too crowded, I couldn't talk to him...I never found him. It didn't feel like a lie. Their Rex, the older brother who Speed loved, would never have said those things. Sparky's eyes kept drifting toward Rex in spite of himself, as the cars lined up on the track. Something was wrong with the way Rex had acted, but nothing had been right since Rex left. If that kind of contempt had always been there, and he just hadn't seen it--but how could he have missed it? For five years they'd spent virtually all their free time together, working on one or another of the cars Pops Racer had designed. No, the change was too sudden, it had to be something about signing with Uniron that had caused it. Sparky tried to picture Rex falling in with the professional crowd, trying to fit in by renouncing his independent background...had Rex convinced himself what he'd claimed was true? But Rex had never been one to follow a crowd. In high school as on the track, Rex had always insisted on going his own way--ahead of everyone else. You were the cheapest I could find... the words still hurt, like shards of glass in his mind, coming to the surface again and again. He didn't want to watch Rex, but somehow his eyes still weren't getting the message, because he couldn't seem to look anywhere else. Rex was doing the usual pre-race checks, now his mechanics had left him to head up to the spotter box. And of course trained, professional mechanics would be better than Sparky was, but how was that his fault? He was still in high school, Rex had no right to expect-- Sparky frowned, the rhythm of his thoughts broken by an unexpected change in Rex's actions. He knew the usual checks by heart, but Rex had pulled out a little box and plugged it under the seat. That was a Kwiksave diagnostic, and there was no reason for Rex to be running it. That was a mechanic's job, to be sure the car was in perfect condition before the race. Rex should only need to check the settings, make sure the safety mechanism could take a few normal hits without ejecting him. Rex had never once felt the need to run a Kwiksave diagnostic while Sparky was in charge of his car. Which meant Rex didn't trust his new mechanics, his trained mechanics, his real team . There were probably other explanations, Sparky tried to convince himself while the engines revved below and the race began. And whatever the explanation was, Rex obviously didn't want his help. But five years of friendship didn't vanish so easily under injured pride, and Sparky thought, If Rex can't trust his mechanics, then he's in danger. The race itself only worried him more. Rex had always been an aggressive driver, but he had only scorn for anyone who refused to show the usual track courtesies--messy driving, he called it. But now, on two separate occasions, he saw Rex purposely drop back to ram someone he could just as easily have passed without incident. Neither of the opposing cars were destroyed, but both were off the track, badly damaged, and out of the race. And for all the fury in his driving, although Sparky knew Rex could have caught the lead cars, in the final lap he dropped back to fifth place. What's going on, Rex? There had to be something he was missing, something that would make sense of all this. But Rex didn't want his help. He ought to go home, leave Rex to whatever business he'd gotten mixed up with, go home and help Speed forget about his brother. Torn, Sparky lingered in the stands as the spectators filed out. Another confrontation like the first would only make things worse. Maybe it didn't even matter, because he didn't think he could find Rex again whether or not he wanted to. Someone bumped into him from behind. \"Sorry,\" Sparky mumbled automatically--then froze as he felt a slip of paper pressed into his hand. He spun to find who had done it, but there were too many choices and whoever it had been vanished into the crowd. He unfolded the paper curiously, and read it. Cryptic directions to wait half an hour in a specific room-- unless you don't want to speak to your friend. There was no signature, only an additional scribble, Destroy this note . It was probably some sort of practical joke. But by the time this occurred to Sparky he had already found the room, a maintenance closet that had apparently been abandoned in favor of the larger storage space down the hall, and was occupied shredding the paper into its component molecules. He had to know what was going on. Even if this was just so Rex could laugh at him again, he had to know. The note had said half an hour, but according to the clock on the wall it was only about twenty minutes before he heard Rex's voice in the hallway, an urgent hiss. \"What do you think you're doing , Helen? This isn't safe--\" \"No, it isn't,\" a girl responded sharply, \"so shut up.\" Sparky opened the door without thinking. Rex stood just outside, changed out of his driver's uniform into a T-shirt bearing a large Uniron brand. The person beside him might have been either gender except for her voice and name, a slender, dark-skinned individual whose loose clothes and short hair gave no definite clues. But she smiled at Sparky, and somehow he felt better for it. He met Rex's gaze with trepidation. Was this Rex, or was it the stranger who'd spat venom at him? How well had he really known his best friend? But the look in Rex's eyes made Sparky think of a rabbit sitting on the racetrack, just as it noticed the noise of approaching cars, and worry took precedent over the anger. \"What's going on, Rex?\" he asked, with honest concern. \"You have about ten minutes,\" the black girl said briskly. \"Talk in there, no one will hear you. I'll keep watch.\" She shooed them both into the little room and shut the door. Sparky blinked after her. \"So you've got a girlfriend now?\" he wondered aloud. \"Don't be an idiot, I hardly know her,\" Rex replied, and the irritation was so familiar that Sparky grinned. Rex had never liked being teased about the many girls who found him highly attractive. Whatever had happened, this was Rex, and the knowledge settled the worst of the sharp-edged pain. Ten minutes wasn't much time for explanations. \"Whatever you're doing, let me come with you,\" Sparky said abruptly, because it was more important. Rex's eyes went wide and guilt-stricken. \"I--Sparky--what I said --\" \"You didn't mean it,\" and it surprised Sparky a little how certain he was of that. \"I saw you checking the Kwiksave, you don't trust your mechanics, you need someone you can trust.\" The thought of Rex driving a T-180 checked by someone incompetent, or worse, actively malicious, bit into Sparky's gut like acid. \"Let me help.\" The stunned gratitude in Rex's face warmed Sparky, though Rex shook his head almost at once and said, \"You can't. This is something I need to do alone.\" \"You can't tell me what you're doing, can you?\" He already knew the answer to the wistful question before Rex slowly shook his head again. \"This can't last long.\" Rex said it like a prayer. \"I'll come home...eventually. But someone's got to watch out for Speed, and I can't do it. That's what I need you to do, Sparky, for me. Look after the family. Please.\" Sparky swallowed. \"Just be careful,\" he managed, through a dry mouth. \"We all want you home. It's you that Speed loves, and your parents. I can't take your place.\" \"When it's safe, I'll come home,\" Rex promised. If Rex was really leaving, cutting off all contact, the family wouldn't hear from him at all-- \"What am I going to tell Speed?\" Sparky panicked aloud. \"He made me promise to ask why you were mad at them, ask you to come home...\" The thought of disappointing the child was additional pain. Rex grimaced. \"Tell him my contract says I can't talk to my old team, and I can't get out of it. Tell him that I want to come home and I will as soon as I can.\" It was a good solution, tailored to Speed's worries. It would go a long way toward making the horrible situation a little more bearable for Speed. Sparky wondered how true the explanation was, but he didn't say anything, because he knew there was more to the message. The faint whisper of a sigh. \"Tell Speed I love him,\" Rex added, quietly. \"And thank you, Sparky. For finding me.\" He offered his right hand. Secret handshakes had been the coolest thing ever for a brief period while they were in school, but the stage had passed and Sparky hadn't thought about their secret handshake in years. Somehow it seemed the most fitting symbol right now, though. Always friends . Sparky made the requisite four changes in grip and one twist smoothly enough they might have been burned into his muscles, and Rex matched him. \"So...who is Helen?\" Sparky wanted to know. For someone Rex hardly knew, it was strange behavior. Rex shrugged. \"She's helped me out. I guess I trust her.\" It was more of a grudging admission than any sort of compliment. But the reminder made Rex glance at the time. \"I should get back or they'll wonder where I am.\" Reluctantly, Sparky opened the door. \"Be careful,\" he ordered Rex again. \"Stay safe.\" As though it would do any good. People didn't climb into T-180s because they were disposed not to take risks. A gentle clap on the shoulder, the gesture Sparky knew to mean I can't promise, but I'll try. Then Rex was gone, hurrying down the corridor past where Helen leaned casually against a wall. If they said anything to each other, Sparky couldn't tell. Helen approached him then, and Sparky didn't especially want to face the compassion in her eyes. But she only said, \"You should wait another few minutes before you leave.\" Sparky nodded, because it made sense, if they didn't want anyone to realize he and Rex had spoken. \"Thank you,\" he said. There ought to be more, what she'd done was priceless to him, but he had no other words to express it. The girl ducked her head slightly. \"He shouldn't have to lose you all,\" she said. \"But you can't contact him again.\" \"I know.\" It hurt, but he wouldn't try, not if it would make things more dangerous for Rex. \"Listen--\" she began, and stopped, and began again, \"I'll keep your friend safe. I promise you.\" Taken aback by the sudden intensity of the pledge, Sparky tried to find some sort of response, but before he could open his mouth she was down the hall in the opposite direction and out of sight. He was abandoning Rex to danger and conspiracy, he had only the slimmest comfort to carry back to Speed, and it was against all reason that a promise from a complete stranger should make any difference at all. Yet somehow it did. Present Now Sparky leaned forward, until he realized he was staring at her and looked quickly away again. At a distance of more than ten years, he'd never made the connection. It was no wonder he hadn't recognized her, she'd made an impressive effort to look unmemorable at Fuji. He'd gone home and told Speed what he could, told no one else anything at all for fear of endangering Rex. After Blackjack Benelli had gone to trial, he'd been so hopeful that Rex would come back any day now--and then had come Casa Cristo. For years afterward, he'd tried not to remember Helen, because it was too painful. Either she'd never meant her promise and wasn't worth remembering, or she had failed somehow, and Sparky had the uncomfortable feeling that she would never have allowed Rex's death if she'd been alive to prevent it. For someone he'd met so briefly, it was strange that the thought of her death bothered him so much. But she'd kept Rex safe after all. Sparky bit his cheek to keep himself from smiling too broadly. Never mind that it had been years ago, he didn't like the thought of Mom and Pops realizing he'd lied to them. Which they would if he asked about it now. When the transport finally arrived at the Racer residence, there was a great deal of confusion as everyone rushed into the house at once, eager to see Rex--an unfamiliar car was parked on the drive, and Sparky eyed it curiously. In spite of this distraction, he managed to catch Elena alone for a moment as the family hurried in. \"You were Helen, weren't you,\" he said. Her skin tone was dark enough to hide any flush, but she dipped her eyes in mild embarrassment. \"If you could, ah, not mention that to the Inspector,\" she said. \"I wasn't supposed to take risks like that, and I didn't include quite everything in that particular report.\" \"As long as you don't mention it to your parents-in-law,\" he returned, with a grin, \"they didn't know I went to Fuji.\" Then more seriously, \"I just wanted to say--thanks. For that, and for keeping him alive.\" The guilt in her eyes hadn't faded yet, so Sparky thought she could do with a bit more appreciation. Rex was alive, that was what mattered now. Her nod was a little uncomfortable, so Sparky let it drop and headed in after everyone else. The Racers were good at adopting people, so there'd be plenty more chances to chase away that look of guilt. Sparky smiled to himself, full of cheerful plans for teasing Rex about the not-girlfriend he'd married. He couldn't think of a better way to welcome his friend home. end part three Belated author's note--forgot to add this when I posted the chapter the first time. Credit to bean15 for saying Sparky needed more attention, which is where the idea for this chapter began, and also for providing Sparky's full name, which I certainly wouldn't have come up with on my own. Thank you, bean15! Hope you continue your own Sparky story![Chapter 4] On Alex's arrival, the C.I.B. agent the Inspector had tasked with watching over the Racer home during the hospital trip helped Speed get inside, made a report of nonevents, and took himself off wearing an extra Racer X mask. Another double to confuse the unfriendly or curious eyes that C.I.B. paranoia allowed for at all times. Raking a hand through his hair, Alex drew an uneasy breath. There was a pressure in this house, even empty; the colors he remembered as cheerful had grown painfully bright, and they shouted silent condemnation. You don't belong here. This house is for honest people, innocent people, and you belong to the shadows. It was worse, if anything, now that everyone knew who he was--what he'd done to the people who cared the most about him. A quiet, pained hiss snapped his attention back to Speed, who was already half out of the armchair where he'd been deposited and carefully testing how well his bandaged leg would hold him. \"Sit down,\" Alex ordered, with a glare that might make the order stick. He almost expected a disgusted sigh, complete with elaborately rolled eyes, but that was the child he remembered and not this young man. Speed gave him only the trace of a frown, reclaiming his seat, and said, \"Don't worry, I won't do anything stupid. The doctor said I should be fine getting around the house if I was careful.\" The doctor had actually wanted Speed to use a crutch until the deep gash had sealed a little more, but Speed had already made the painful concession not to drive until given permission and was in no mood to agree. Alex didn't mention this, as he wasn't actually supposed to have heard the conversation. \"Just take it easy for now,\" he suggested instead. \"Your parents--\" And stopped. He'd spent so much time training his tongue not to betray him with claims of family that the shift back wouldn't come. Maybe it was better that way, fewer risks, but they'd inexplicably welcomed him back and he didn't want to cause any more pain by sounding as though he wanted no part of the family. \"Mom and Pops,\" he started again--the words tasted strange, but really, everyone called them that, \"won't be happy if I let you get hurt.\" The again tagged to the end was silent but completely understood, and Speed really did roll his eyes just a little, but surrendered by settling into the chair. The Mach Five sat gleaming in the warm light of her home, repairs complete. She drew Alex's gaze like a magnet, sleek lines and pure white. The marks of the Casa Cristo had been hammered and polished away, but under the smooth metal and shining white paint, Minx's defenses still waited. The same, and utterly changed. He looked at Speed, who was fiddling with the upper edge of the white bandaging on his leg, and Speed looked back--the kind of clear, candid gaze that Alex had spent years shielding his secrets from. Alex realized that he was waiting for the alarm clock, or Elena's hand on his shoulder, waiting for the rude awakening. He'd had this dream before, the deep ache just to be sitting with Speed, no masks between them, no secrets or lies. It always ended the same way--with the bitter realization that this could never happen. So it was with a distinct feeling of unreality that Alex watched Speed lean forward, with a spark of mischief in his eyes that could have leaped straight from the carefree child he'd been, and say, \"You know you can't have the car back.\" It was obvious from the tone that this was meant to be amusing, so Alex managed half a smile. \"The car?\" he repeated, because his sense of humor wasn't reporting for duty and he wasn't at all sure what the joke was. \"I know you want the Mach Five back, but you gave her to me,\" Speed declared, not trying very hard to look serious. \"I'm not giving her up.\" Alex knew his laugh was a little too strained. \"The Shooting Star can outrun her anyway.\" The retort hadn't come soon enough, though, and Speed's good humor faded into concern. \"You okay?\" he asked. The acceptable answer, Alex told himself, was Yes . \"Why aren't you angry?\" he heard himself say instead. Speed went very still, which had always been so unusual as to be a sign of dangerous concentration. \"Angry?\" he said at last, eyebrows going up. \"At you ?\" Alex hadn't expected the blank surprise in his brother's tone. Feeling inexplicably defensive, his gaze shifted away from Speed and toward the Mach Five again. He'd built that car, he and Sparky, but she was unquestionably Speed's car now; Rex had abandoned her as he'd abandoned his family, and run off to get killed. \"I let you think you'd buried me,\" he whispered. \"And then when you confronted me, I lied to you all over again.\" Shaking his head, Speed started to speak, then cut himself off and frowned. \"Of course the whole thing was terrible,\" he said earnestly. \"But I know you'd never have done it if you thought there was any other choice. You were trying to keep us safe.\" A rueful shrug. \"And I've started to realize that, really, I'd have done the same thing if it'd been me.\" Raking a hand roughly through his hair with inexpressible frustration, Alex fumbled for words. \"It shouldn't be--this easy.\" Which sounded stupid even to him. Speed said, rather carefully, \"I think, you know, that you're angrier with yourself than any of us could possibly be.\" His kid brother always had been nearly as perceptive about Rex as about cars. Alex sighed. \"Now you sound like Elena.\" \"I've seen enough of her to know that's a compliment,\" Speed chuckled softly. \"What made you decide to trust her, anyway? In the beginning, I mean?\" Trust. If there had to be two people in the world who could see through all his masks, he was glad they were the two he would trust with his soul without a second thought. The capacity for trust had been nearly burned out of him, working for Benelli. \"I couldn't see any other choice,\" he admitted. The sight of his brother's curious eyes stopped him for a moment. He'd never wanted to tell this kind of sordid story to his kid brother, the image of innocence he'd left behind in order to preserve. Speed wasn't a kid anymore, though. Speed was the driver who'd faced all the corruption of the sport and stood up to pressures from every angle to win the Grand Prix, independent and against all odds. \"She'd already saved my life by then,\" Alex began, letting his mind drift painfully back. Ten years ago His T-180 was sleek, the bright red metal familiar and comfortable although marred by black shadows. She had always purred for him not much differently than the Mach Four, and if he occasionally had to check for sabotage it wasn't the car who'd let him down. And for the first time, Rex couldn't stand the sight of it. Uniron hadn't given him a racing car--they'd given him a murder weapon. He just hadn't realized it before. Rex shut his eyes and slid to the ground beside his rear left tire, leaning his head against the cold metal. His hands trembled, and he pressed his palms hard into the gravel that edged the road, desperately hoping he'd gotten away before anyone had seen the evidence of his anguish. Ordinarily he'd have been going over his T-180 again in preparation for the race tomorrow, but he couldn't bear to look at it. He'd fled to his road vehicle and hit the accelerator--another gift from Uniron, but he could pretend it was his own, he'd taken it apart and rebuilt it himself. The words rang in his ears: \"You just crash him hard, Racer, that's easy enough for you. A good hard shove.\" Benelli was right, it wouldn't take much to force a spectacular crash before the end of the first lap. Tropp was a fair driver, but inexperienced. And if he hadn't later happened to overhear two of Benelli's thugs talking, he might have done it. Sabotage . Somehow, whether it was bribes or blackmail, Tyrus Tropp's Kwiksave wouldn't be working the day of the race. \"The kid might even survive,\" one of the hard-eyed men had snickered. If he crashed Tropp, it would be murder. But Rex's own safety, his family 's safety, depended on Benelli's belief that Rex was under his control. He couldn't refuse, couldn't even pretend the kid was too good a driver; Benelli knew Rex's skills too well for that. Tyrus Tropp was a relative newcomer to the racing world, and his only wins were from his home track in Australia and the Outback rally. He'd signed on with the Atomic Injectables, a racing team known more for cross-country than track racing. The team had refused to go along with Benelli's demands three years running, and Benelli had apparently chosen their youngest member to prove how serious he was. Rex had never actually met the kid, but there had been a short feature on all the entrants in the upcoming race. Tropp was a slender, painfully earnest young man with enough enthusiasm to power his own engine. He didn't know anything about Tropp's family, but certainly a kid like that mattered to someone. The thought of making that move, listening for just the right time and jerking his wheels sideways and the sharp jolt of contact, and then watching-- Over his short career, Rex had left plenty of cars in flames behind him, and never much regretted it. Knowing that the driver had no way to escape changed everything. The kid could be Speed , the thought flashed unbidden in his mind, and Rex choked back a surge of nausea. Another few years, and it really might be his brother in the rival car. He couldn't do it. He couldn't refuse to do it, couldn't plausibly fail. A flicker of memory--the girl's dark, intent face. What was it she'd said, that first brief meeting? A way out . Well, he needed a way out now, all right. He'd been slow to trust her, but she'd saved his life before with no motive he could see. The C.I.B. would be able to protect the kid if anyone could, and there'd be no link between him and Tropp for Benelli to pounce on. It was the faint scent of hope. Any hope at all would do. The card with her number was tucked safely in his wallet. For caution's sake, Rex drove another fifteen minutes to make sure he wasn't calling from any phone Benelli might think to tap. Finally he pulled up to a car phone on the outskirts of a town too small for a name, and dialed. At the third empty ring, his heart sank. Another--then at last the click of the receiver. \"Yes?\" A girl's voice, cautious and lightly accented. \"Helen?\" he asked, and she could probably hear the desperation in his voice. \"You were right. I need--I need help.\" The pause was less than a second, but it felt longer to Rex. \"The race tomorrow?\" Helen guessed, sounding very crisp and efficient. \"The Inspector thought something might happen. What have you heard?\" \"Tyrus Tropp's Kwiksave will be disabled,\" Rex reported, and as the words left his mouth he could feel their enormous weight lifting from his shoulders. \"Benelli ordered me to crash him--hard.\" A hiss of breath. \"Benelli,\" Helen growled, and the hatred in her voice made the name sound like too foul a curse to need embellishment. \"Don't worry, Rex. I'll keep the kid safe. You do what you have to do--don't blow your cover.\" Rex shut his eyes, relief flooding him. \"Thanks,\" he managed, throat suddenly too tight for words. \"Stay safe,\" Helen advised him, and her concern sounded genuine. The line clicked and went back to the hum of the dial tone. Rex set the phone gently back on the hook, and took a breath for what felt like the first time in hours. His hands, he noted absently, were perfectly steady now. Ready to race. The next day, there was only a very minor stir over the news that one of Tropp's mechanics was nowhere to be found, and given the general commotion no one but Rex took special note of an undistinguished young lady waving cheerfully from the stands. Rex Racer smashed young Tyrus Tropp off the track not three minutes into the race, and the commentators spent weeks harping on it as an example of Racer's dangerous and brutal driving. But Tropp's Kwiksave worked perfectly. Present Alex had retreated to stare out the window for the majority of the tale, and the sight of the familiar C.I.B. vehicle made him bring the memory to a close rather quickly. Telling Speed the shameful details of working for Benelli was bad enough without the whole family hearing. He turned to meet his brother's eyes, which were wide in horrified sympathy, and as quickly dropped his gaze again. He didn't want to see Speed looking at him like that. \"Would Royalton have made me do things like that?\" Speed asked, in a very small voice. \"If I'd signed with him?\" He wanted to say no, that Speed's too-obvious ethics would have kept Royalton from ordering him into anything so blatantly illegal, but his brother's face demanded honesty. \"Not right away,\" Alex said. \"Not until he was sure of his hold on you.\" Speed flinched, and Alex immediately regretted the words and the dark might-have-been they portrayed. But his brother squared his shoulders and managed to summon a cocky grin. \"It didn't happen, that's what's important,\" he declared. Alex hoped nothing would ever take that bright edge from his brother. He'd come far too close to stripping it away himself, but Speed's fiery spirit had broken through cynicism and despair to shine all the brighter. The door crashed open as the Racer family entered, with enough commotion to be mistaken for a stampede. Spritle had managed to duck into the lead, and he bounded toward Speed with Chim-Chim half a leap behind. \"Speed!\" he called, skidding to a halt and examining both his brothers for new injuries. \"Nobody attacked you on the road, did they? I knew you'd be here,\" he added hurriedly, \"but Chim-Chim was worried.\" The young chimpanzee hooted soft disdain at this, but nevertheless bypassed Spritle to climb up Speed's chair and look him over at closer range. Alex suppressed a smile, then thought better of it and let the amusement soften his face, awkward as it felt. Speed patted Chim-Chim in return, and assured Spritle, \"Nobody attacked us, we were fine. Glad to be home!\" The front door thumped shut behind Sparky and Elena, the same sound that had echoed like a death knell for Rex Racer. Home , Alex thought, and hoped the flinch hadn't been too obvious. He looked up, and met his father's eyes.[Chapter 5] Alex could only manage to look at his father for a moment before dropping his gaze to safer territory. Pops Racer had paused beside the door, taking in the sight of his three sons alive and well in the same room where the last conversation he'd knowingly had with Rex had ended with such terrible finality. There was still a kind of awed joy about his face, and none of the anger that Alex had expected. No. That was wrong. The anger Pops hadn't yet shown was what Alex still believed he deserved ; having spent too many years attempting to train himself out of thinking about the Racer family, Alex wasn't sure he could say he'd expected anything at all. In an abundance of joy, his mother embraced him tightly again, though it was only a brief hug this time instead of the disbelieving cling of the first few hours. Then she moved on, still smiling as though her heart would break, and flung her arms around Elena as well. Alex had to blink and look away as his wife laughed and hugged his mother back just as joyfully. \"All right then,\" Mom Racer said after a moment, wiping her eyes discreetly as she pulled away, \"past time for a proper meal. Sparky, Spritle, come and help me.\" The two named looked up with near-identical dismay. The matriarch of the Racer family folded her arms immovably and aimed a stern look at them, which ended the argument before it began. Then she looked at her husband, and tipped her head meaningfully toward their eldest. Alex made the mistake of looking over at Elena, who was giving him a very similar stare, eyebrows lifted. It only lasted a moment, but that was long enough. \"I'll check the perimeter again,\" Elena said. \"Speed, if you need anything I'm sure Trixie will be happy to help you.\" She slipped quietly away. Pops cleared his throat, a low, uncomfortable rumble. \"Ah...Alex,\" he began, the choice of name startling for a moment, \"I suppose we should...clear up a few things...in the workshop.\" Clear up a few things --as though the mess he'd made of his life and his family could be solved with enough application of the elbow grease his mother encouraged. Alex thought seriously about following Elena instead, but that look had been much closer to a command than a hint. She was right, anyway, there was only so long he could delay this conversation. It had been too long already. They entered the workshop in silence. Alex watched with increasing bemusement as Pops searched under and inside every half-finished car with a paranoid thoroughness that rivaled Minx on a bad day. \"I'm sure no one got past the guard,\" Alex said at last. \"It's safe to talk.\" His father looked up, still frowning. \"I don't think there's anyone in this house who trusts me not to screw this up again,\" he admitted. \"Including me.\" Alex dragged a stool closer to his father's drafting table. He ought to say something, but somehow the words wouldn't come. Pops smiled, only a little awkwardly, as he settled into his chair. \"Everyone from your mother to the monkey was hiding in the kitchen when I tried to have a talk with Speed. I really have learned my lesson, though.\" Guilt pressed down heavily, and Alex ducked his head. \"That night--it was my fault, not yours.\" By now surely Pops had realized that there was nothing in that last argument, either said or left unsaid, that would have kept Rex from leaving. \"I knew you wouldn't have--I pushed you into saying those things.\" If his family had realized how very unwilling he was to leave, they would have insisted that he stay, fought Benelli right alongside him, and every one of them would have died. All these years later, he was still certain of that. \"I know,\" Pops agreed, a soft rumble. \"It doesn't change the fact that I shouldn't have said what I did. I let my pride get in the way of making sure you knew how much I loved you, and I will always regret that.\" How was it, Alex wondered irritably, that all his well-trained secret agent eloquence deserted him completely when he needed it most? \"I didn't want to leave,\" he murmured, the simple words harsh in his throat. \"Not for money, not for anything. But I had to.\" His father's hand landed gently on his shoulder and squeezed, the approval that had never been quite enough from anyone else, even from the Inspector. \"I can see that now. And I'm proud of you, Rex.\" The hand fell away, too soon. Alex shook his head, feeling numb and oddly light. \"When I left, like that, I made you all think I hated you, or that you didn't mean enough to me, at least.\" His breath was shakier than it should have been. \"I'm sorry. For that. And for--I was at the funeral, I saw--I know how I would have felt, how I did feel, and I can never make up for putting you all through that.\" His father blinked, startled. \"You were at the funeral?\" The bitter memories were too close to dwell over. \"It was Ryder's funeral too,\" Alex said, too curt for politeness. \"I wasn't the only agent who came.\" They hadn't come for Rex's sake, or for Ryder; most of the C.I.B. agents who had found some excuse to be nearby during the ceremony or the burial didn't even know who had really died. Only that the fight against corruption had taken another ally's life. Pops hesitated a moment, nodded. \"You mentioned him before, in the hospital. What was he like?\" Ryder. Alex's lips twitched, involuntarily. Even after everything, it was impossible to remember the man without smiling, which was just the way he would have wanted it. \"I think you'd have liked him,\" he said. \"I met him for the first time in Kinshasa...\" Years ago Rex turned the glass bottle of Coca-Cola on the table, looking meditatively at the ring of condensation. He took a good deal of care not to look directly toward the man at the next table. A dark-haired, muscular man about Rex's own height, pale skin and sunburned face marking him either a tourist or a mercenary, and from the way he'd been following Rex... The main event hadn't even begun yet, but already Rex had decided privately that he never wanted to race in Central Africa again if he could help it. The air was like soup, thick with humidity and dust, but Rex could have dealt with that. The streets were crowded with people who assumed that he would want to give them money, but he didn't mind that. Two people who'd placed high in the preliminaries were dead already, and three more had dropped out. He did mind that. The local independent drivers, with their African-built cars, reminded Rex a good deal of the drivers he used to race at Thunderhead--there was the same excitement about them, families coming trackside to cheer them on. Not many of them had qualified. Which was just as well, because the competition between Benelli's people and the African racing powers had become very violent very quickly. Apparently Benelli's mob had gotten a few wires crossed dealing with the local mob, which had strong governmental ties and even fewer scruples than Benelli. Rex was not entirely clear on why the outcome of the race was so important to Uniron, but he was fairly certain his sponsor didn't much care whether Rex Racer died, as long as they still had someone to drive the stupid car. It was not a comfortable feeling, since he'd won his heat easily. And the man now seated at the next table had followed him here from the track. He wasn't African, but he might easily be working with the locals--Africa made a good place to disappear for men who'd gotten in trouble with their home country. Even with his attention fixed on the problem, it took a shocked moment for Rex to respond when the man actually launched himself out of the flimsy wicker chair, straight toward him. Rex shoved his own chair back, but the impact sent him to the ground with a bruising thud as a loud series of cracks broke the air--he lashed out instinctively, one foot smashing into the man's chest. \"Stay... down ,\" wheezed the man, managing to sound urgent in spite of lingering breathlessness from the solid kick. Brain at last catching up with his instincts, Rex noticed the spray of bullets that had just ripped through the air overhead and buried themselves in the wall of the little café. \"I'm C.I.B.,\" the stranger hissed. \"Please--I need you to trust me.\" Since at the moment Rex's choices seemed limited to the people shooting at him or the one who'd saved him, he nodded sharply at the dark-haired young man. Relief poured over the sunburnt face. \"Wonderful. Quick, through the alley before they try again.\" Rex didn't fail to notice that as they got up and hurried, crouching, toward the indicated alley, the self-identified C.I.B. agent stayed immediately behind him and in the line of fire. Even so, he kept an eye out for any sign of sudden betrayal. The alley stank of human refuse, but it offered swift access to the busy street on the other side of the block, with buildings irregular enough that the outlet wasn't predictable. African architecture was not well standardized. \"You're Rex Racer, of course,\" the man said quietly as they ran, nothing but friendly good humor in his tone. \"I'm Ryder. You've got quite a kick. I told Minx it should've been her on close duty, you'd've trusted her.\" \"Minx?\" Rex demanded, a girl's face springing to mind. He had only ever met one C.I.B. agent, and the only name he had for her was Helen, though it was almost certainly not the one she ordinarily used. Ryder pulled him swiftly from the alley toward a bright yellow taxi with rust all down the side. \"Minx has our ride,\" he said, opening the door. The engine roared, sounding healthy enough but completely unmuffled. A glimpse of the driver was enough to confirm Rex's suspicion. He slid across the ripped fabric of the back seat, avoiding an uncovered spring, and dredged up a smile to offer the dark-skinned girl. She smiled back briefly as Ryder climbed in and shut the door. Thankfully, cold air poured from the vents, making the temperature almost tolerable. \"Hello, Rex,\" Helen said. There was a strong African flavor to her accent today, and in her cap she looked just like any other taxi driver, all trace of her femininity buried in ill-fitting clothes. \"How many times does this make? You should be more careful.\" Rex grinned. Helen had warned him of danger on four separate occasions, engineered a secret meeting with Sparky, and once, at his frantic request, kept a young driver from dying in a crash Rex had to cause. He'd become more paranoid the longer he worked for Benelli, but he trusted Helen. Even if he didn't know her real name. \"Come on, Minx,\" Ryder called over the engine's noise, \"Rex wants to know what we're doing here besides saving his life--eh, Rex?\" It was a very strong Canadian accent, Rex realized, and since there was no reason for the man to fake it, probably genuine. By contrast, Helen-or-Minx's accent slipped and shaded gradually back into standard American tones. \"Don't worry, Rex, talking's safe enough in the car. Stay down, though, we don't want anyone to see you.\" Rex slumped a bit lower in the prickly seat. \"Right. What's going on?\" \"Benelli thought he had a deal with the local mob,\" Minx said, \"but it fell through. Seems he underestimated how attached President Mobutu is to his pet racetrack. Uniron won't win this one--they're cutting their losses and pulling out of the race.\" \"We just have to keep you out of sight until everyone gets the message,\" Ryder contributed. That seemed simple enough. Still-- \"Why are you here at all?\" Rex asked, curious. Ryder offered a comradely slap to the shoulder. It didn't sting too badly. \"Looking out for you, of course! Inspector Detector said when you testify, it'll be the best chance we've ever had of bringing down Blackjack Benelli.\" The statement struck Rex as very interesting indeed, given that he had never actually agreed to do anything for the C.I.B., least of all testify publicly. He looked up and met his C.I.B. contact's gaze through the rear-view mirror. There was a shadow of guilty acknowledgment in her dark eyes, but an iron resolve. For most of a year now, Helen had been the only person he could actually trust, a lifeline for him no matter what appearance she used to hide. She'd never asked for anything in return, but he had known what she really wanted since that first meeting. Benelli had killed her mother, and she was doing this to find justice. \"Yes,\" Rex said, slowly, \"I think it will be.\" The smile that broke across her face was like a sunrise. Ryder took no notice of this byplay at all, exclaiming, \"Can't you speed it up a little, Minx? You're in a taxi--you're supposed to be reckless!\" \"You may be as reckless as you like when you're the one who has to explain the crash to the Inspector, Alexander,\" she said tartly. \"Haven't I asked you not to call me that when we're in the field?\" The man grinned, unabashed. \"How many times do I have to ask you to call me Ryder, then, eh? And is it possible for you to drive any slower?\" He turned to Rex, face very stern but his blue eyes twinkling merrily. \"Get that seatbelt on, Racer. I can just see the headlines-- Race driver injured in tragic collision: taxi run over by speeding tortoise. \" A snort of laughter escaped Rex, startling him with its unrestrained joy; he couldn't remember the last time anything had prompted an honest laugh. \"Alexander,\" Minx chided, sounding more amused than irritated herself. \"All the paperwork in the world is useless if I can't get you to answer to your own first name.\" The man spread his hands, looking much too earnest to take seriously. \"So call me Ryder, and all's well!\" He leaned over to confide to Rex, \"Ryder's my real name. The Alexander bit's what the Inspector thought up.\" \"Honestly!\" Minx/Helen spared an exasperated look. \"Can't you show a little discretion, Alexander?\" \"It's my own name, I'll say it if I want to,\" Ryder said cheerfully. \"Rex is on our side. You know I think the world of you, Minx. But you're awfully paranoid.\" Rex's own feelings were more in accordance with Minx, but he knew better than to say so. \"If I can ask,\" he put in, diffidently, \"I only know you as Helen. What should I call you?\" Helen shrugged. \"My passport says it's Nora Penley right now--mind you that's the British passport. My local paperwork says I'm Neema Ndayambaje, from South Kivu province.\" The mechanics of keeping four or five identities straight all at once rather boggled Rex. \"Right,\" he said faintly, suspecting he'd go right on thinking of her as Helen. In spite of the security issues, he didn't blame Ryder for wanting to keep it simple. \"I know ,\" Ryder said with tremendous sympathy, grinning at Rex. \"Someday our poor Minx is going to wake up and realize how crazy she is.\" \"The point is for us to go on waking up,\" Helen said, a low, deadly serious tone that stripped the humor out of the car. \"All of us.\" Her eyes met Rex's through the mirror once more. Ryder made an abortive movement, then went quiet, hunching a little as though silence was deeply unnatural to him. \"It'll be all right, Minx,\" he blurted at last. \"We'll get Benelli. Honest we will.\" Hope was something Rex had left behind for his family; he'd never expected to find it again. So it surprised him as much as the others to hear himself say, \"We'll bring Benelli down,\" and realize that he had actually started to believe it. Present Pops was chuckling at the vivid description of Ryder, as Alex had hoped, and the thick press of tension had faded to something he could breathe under. The smile of bittersweet memory grew a little stronger. Minx had guarded his heart, but Ryder was the only reason either of them had kept any sense of humor. \"He was a good friend,\" Alex said, \"loyal as family.\" He shook his head slightly. \"To be honest, he always reminded me a little of Sparky.\" \"I'm very grateful that you had such good friends,\" Pops said. Alex could see guilt flicker again in his father's face, as it turned away. \"I always--before the crash, I hoped you weren't alone out there.\" Guilt, always the guilt, burying both of them. Ryder never did have any patience for guilt. Alex drew a breath, tasting old oil and the static fizz of discharging fuel cells, the familiar scents of home. If Pops needed to hear this, then it didn't matter that Alex had done worse himself and had no right to say it. \"About what you said, before I left,\" he began, and hesitated. The angry words had hurt, more than he ever wanted to admit, echoing in his head right up to the moment in the hospital when his father's embrace had banished them. So maybe this wasn't just for his father's sake, after all. He swallowed, and let his father's admission of regret sink into the old pain. \"I forgive you, Pops. And I hope you'll forgive me,\" his own guilt forced him to add. \"For--everything.\" His father cleared his throat, a sharp noise that did nothing to disguise the glitter of tears unshed in his eyes, and nodded. \"Let's just work on doing better from now on,\" he offered. \"I know you were trying to protect us, but you have more resources now, what with the C.I.B. behind you, and we have more experience. It might not be safe for us to know everything, but don't lie to us. Deal?\" Alex ducked his head, the implicit reprimand-and-forgiveness sending him back to the days of his youth when his greatest misdeed had been messing with the cars without permission. \"Deal,\" he agreed. \"Well,\" Pops said gruffly, \"I guess we've got some cars we should be working on.\" Racer Motors was well behind schedule, after the time spent at the hospital, and Speed's injury would keep him from working at his normal pace. It was a useful excuse. \"Right,\" Alex said, pushing himself off the stool, and felt a wide, uncomplicated smile spring uncontrollably to his face. The years between mattered, they would never go away, but he still belonged here. With his family. end part five Note: Still not entirely happy with this, but people seem to want more (hi, KamikazePanda!) so here it is. Still writing, sorry I'm so slow. Issues, you know. This is not meant to be a realistic portrayal of the economy in Zaire, even when Mobutu was alive; it's Speed Racer, so everyone is much more car-obsessed than in real life. ","Summary":" Coming Home by Dawn Note: This is a sequel, and if you haven't read Protecting the Racers yet you'l"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"Curiosity Can Kill You","Author":"lizzy-1809","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5190121","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1:nThe Grand Prix \"Lizzy, look at allnthe fast cars!!\" my younger brother, Matthew screamed in my ear,ntrying to be heard over the deafening crowd. I nodded and smiled, notnreally interested. My mom had forced me to take Matt to the GrandnPrix so her and my new step-dad, the notorious Cannonball Taylor. Itnwas the most disgusting thing I have ever seen in my life. And tonmake my life even more miserable, my dad will be away on business forn6 months! So I was being forced into staying with my mom. Maybe I should tellnyou about myself. I'm 17, with medium length curly brown hair, andnbrownish hazel eyes. I'm 5'8\" and am the friend that everyonenconfided in and was always there for anyone. I lived down the streetnfrom Thunderhead stadium most my life, and only recently moved awaynto live down the street from the Casa Cristo stadium. I moved therenwhen I was 11, and came back only a month ago. My mom wanted ton\"reconnect with her roots\" and Matt and I were tagged along withnthe ride. Matt has no problem with are new step-dad, but he hates menand has dropped several hints to my mom about sending me away, but mynmom can't bear to part with me, so I'm stuck. I had actuallyngrown up with Speed and Trixie, Speed's girlfriend, but I was nevernreally that close. Yeah, we hung out a couple times, but nothingnmajor. But Trixie has confided in me, which I guess makes me a goodnfriend. I was the first to know that she liked Speed, and Katie wasnher \"bestest friend in the universe\" at the time. \"…Lizzy, are youneven listening to me?\" Matt yelled in my ear, breaking me out of mynreverie. \"Yes, you were, um,ntalking about….the fast cars!\" I yelled triumphantly. Matt gavenme a look of disdain. \"You weren't even listening, were you?!\" \"Yes, Matt I was,nbut…couldn't focus on you…the crowd was so loud…\" I wasnlamely trying to piece together an excuse when the announcer cutnthrough. \"Ladies andnGentlemen, it looks like Speed Racer is in the lead, with TaejonTogokahn in second, and the Grey Ghost in third. It's going to benquite the finish, with the finish line only 1000 yards ahead.nEveryone hold on to your seats!\" I was getting intondeep thought again when someone tapped my shoulder. I turned aroundnand saw Emily, my good friend before I moved. \"Liz, is thatnreally you?\" she exclaimed. \"Yeah. Oh my gosh,nwell how have you been? I've been great…\" we caught up on eachnother, and then I noticed some people standing behind her. Shenintroduced me to Cassie, Emma, James (her new boyfriend), and Jamie. nShe looked really happy and I couldn't blame her. All of hernfriends looked really nice and welcoming. As I was talking to them,nthe race finished. \"And the winner isnSpeed Racer! This is his second straight win!\" The crowd went wild!nAnd all of Emily's friend had crushes on them, and not wanting tonleave Emily hanging, I went with them. I dragged Matt down thenstands, promising him an autograph if he complied. That seemed to donthe trick. He followed me like a lost puppy. As Emily's friends were waiting in line for an autograph, Mattnneeded to use the rest room. And he is one of those spontaneousnchildren that when he says he needs to go, he HAS to go. So I leftnEmily the piece of paper and went to go find a bathroom. Matt is 12,nbut my mom constantly insists that he could be mugged, or kidnapped,nblah, blah, blah. So I have to take him into the girls' room. Butnhe begged me not to and since he had a cell phone, I complied. As Inwas waiting, I looked at the stadium entrance, and there was a nicenyellow car with the number 9 on it. I knew immediately that it wasnRacer X's car, but he wasn't even in the Grand Prix. As I walkednover, I heard someone from behind me yell, \"Hey you!\", and thennsomeone grabbed my shoulders and turned me around. I looked into theneyes of…… A/N So I wanted tonadd a cliffhanger. Hope you guys like it! Please R&R;! :) -lizzy-1809[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I don'tnown any characters from Speed Racer, only Elizabeth, Matt, and hernmom. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Chapter 2:nCatching Up I lookedninto the eyes of……Trixie? Were had she come from? But I couldntell by the huge smile plastered on her face that she was happy tonsee me. \"Elizabeth Darling,nis that really you?\" she exclaimed, and not waiting for an answer,ngrabbed me into a huge bear hug. \"Oh, I've missed you so much!nEvery since you moved away, I really didn't have any friends besidenthe Racer family…\" \"Well you wishednme back, and now here I am, and you'll be stuck with me.\" I said,nand she quickly replied with her motto, \"Cool Beans.\" I quicklyngave her a summary of my life since I moved, and during mynexplanation, the yellow car behind me drove off. I didn't noticenuntil later. Trixie and I gossiped like old school friends, even though we hadn'tnseen each other in 6 years. Long years, I might add. As we werentalking, Speed came up and joined us, with another round of huggingnand screaming (the crowd kinda followed him so we had to talk loud),nand I was invited to his place for dinner. It was then that Inremembered Matt, so I hastily left them with a quick, I'll be rightnback. Lucky for me, Matt knew that if he was lost, to stay in thatnplace until we came back and found him, or the police found him. Ingave him a quick hug, and told him I would like him to meet someonenspecial, one of my old schoolmates. He didn't seem too happy untilnI brought him over to Speed and Trixie. Then his eyes got as big asnsaucers, and he got VERY shy. He hid behind me until Speed leanedndown and tried to coax him out. \"Hey, are you the Matt Liz was telling me about. She said Mattnwanted to meet me and get an autograph. Is that correct?\" Mattnnodded solemnly, then miraculously, got a hold of some paper and anpen, and handed it to him. \"Please?\" henasked. \"I don't see whynnot.\" Speed took the paper and pen from him and signed it, adding anlittle message on it. I didn't get to read it because Matt hid itnfrom me. By the time, we finished talking, with Matt still gawking at us, thencrowd had thinned, and all the racers were gone. Speed was itching tondo a victory lap again, and then had a fantastic idea. He came overnand whispered something in my ear. I smiled and nodded. \"Matt,\" Speednbegan, \"How would you like to go on a victory lap with me?\" I think Matt almost fainted. He looked at me and when I nodded,nnodded his head very fast. Trixie and I started laughing the minutenthey were out of earshot. We began the short walk to their house, andnwe walked in silence, treasuring one another's company and feelingnthe nice summer breeze on our skin. Trixie broke the silence,nsaying, \"So how your Mom and Dad?\" Oops. I \"forgot\" to tellnher about the divorce. \"Well, they split about 2 years ago,\" began hesitantly. \"Mynmom then remarried, and she dragged us all here, not that I'mncomplaining.\" Trixie laughed. Then she asked the million-dollarnquestion. \"So who's yournstep-dad?\" I sighed. She lookednat me funny. \"Liz, it can't be that bad…or can it?\" \"It's that bad.nMy new step-dad is…Cannonball Taylor.\" I spat his name out, anhabit I acquired because he did the same to mine. My answer was metnwith silence. Trixie glanced over at me. \"Cannonball Taylor….isn'tnhe like….old?\" \"Yep, but momnclaims he was the love she had been waiting for. I personally thinknshe married him for the 3 S's in life.\" \"3 S's?\"nTrixie furrowed her brow. \"Shelter, Spending Money, and Sex.\" \"Oh, gotcha.\" We completed thenwalk in silence. I was happy to reach the Racer home. I was verynuncomfortable discussing my families past. Trixie put a hand on mynarm before we went inside. \"I'm sorry if Inmade you feel uncomfortable. I'm curious. But I will not tellnanyone unless you want me to. That's what friend's are for,nright?\" My response was tongive her a big hug and then we went inside. A/N So I got anothernchapter up, but kinda late. Feel free to leave a Review. I won'tndie if you don't, but I always appreciate any comments! :) - lizzy-1809[Chapter 3] A/N Thanks to all ofnyou who reviewed! Hope you won't be disappointed! :) Disclaimer – Indon't own anything except Elizabeth, her family, and the plot. Chapter 3:nMeeting the family (and some friends) Elizabeth wasnbombarded by smells coming from the kitchen the minute she steppedninto the Racer household. Chicken, rice, steaming vegetables…hernmouth was watering. Trixie, of course, brought her into the kitchennto introduce her to Mrs. Racer. She met a middle-aged woman withnbrown hair, curling at the ends, and humming under her breath. Trixie introduced us. \"Mom, I'd likenyou to meet Elizabeth Darling. She just moved back here a month ago.\" \"Why, it's nicento finally meet you. I've heard all about you. Are you the samenElizabeth that made the honor roll all the time?\" She smiled at menand made me feel at home. \"Yes, mam.\" \"Now, you can justngo ahead and call me Mom,\" but noting my cringing at callingnsomeone else's mother \"Mom\", she quickly added, \"but Mrs.nRacer will also do. Now you two skedaddle. I need to finish.\" Shenturned back to the food simmering on the stove, and Trixie took us tonthe basement. We found a tiny party in full swing. As I came down thenstairs, I saw Speed talking to Taejo and Racer X. I don't know hownhe made it into the party, but oh well. Spirtle, Matt, and Chim-Chimnwere, naturally, raiding the food supply, spoiling their appetite.nMr. Racer was busy touching up the paint on Speed's car, while alsontalking to Mr. Togokahn. Then, there were the 100 random people whonhad no relation to the Racer family. But, the party looked like annice get together. Speed naturallynnoticed us eyeing the party, and broke out in big grins. \"Hey, everyone,nI'd like you to meet Trixie and Liz!\" We were almost runnover with the people coming to say hi, and welcome us. Then I got tonmeet Spirtle and Chim-Chim. They had chocolate smudges on theirnfaces, but looked genuinely happy to meet someone. Matt, of course,nwas still eating some chocolate. Then Trixie draggednme over to meet the racers. Taejo had pink highlights in hisnjet-black hair on the left side, and carried himself like someone whonknew he had power. He was, to my surprise, very nice and polite. ThennI turned to Racer X. He seemed polite and happy to meet me, but henhad that edge of someone who was uncomfortable with theirnsurroundings. was all together polite, but somethingnabout him made me wary. Maybe because he was a multi-millionaire. Whonknows? Mr. Racer was a plump man in his late 40's, early fifties,nbut sorely reminded me of my own father. I liked him a lot. After I had finallynmet everyone, Mrs. Racer announced that dinner was going to be servednin ten minutes. She gave Speed the eye, and he politely, but firmly,nshooed everyone out of the garage. Then we all headed up stairs. Inwas one of the last, waiting for the Three Musketeers to hurry up. Asnthey ran up the steps, something caught my eye. \"Racer X? Aren'tnyou going to stay for dinner?\" I asked timidly. \"I have othernplans. Please give my sincerest apologies to Mrs. Racer.\" \"Ok, if youninsist. Drive carefully!\" I added, knowing that race car driversntend to push their limits. \"I will. GoodnNight, Miss Elizabeth.\" \"Good Night.\" The rest of thennight passed smoothly, and in time, I had to go home and put Matt tonbed. I thanked them all, and then Speed drove me home. Little did Inrealize the argument that was waiting for me behind my front door.nGod, Help me now! A/N Sorry to mynreaders that I was so late. I had tooooo much to do! I will post thennext chapter soon, and am thinking about doing another fan fic…nPlease R&R;! :)[Chapter 4] A/N Sorry I'm sonlate on updating! We had birthday week/weekend at my house, and thisnis the first time I've been on in a long time! Anyway, on to thenstory! Disclaimer: I do not own anything in this story except my OC's. Chapter 4:nMy Midnight Excursion… I opened the frontndoor to my house, and was met with glares from my mom and step-dad.nMy mom had her hands on her hips, trying to do the \"mean, mad mom\"nlook, but her eyes just showed that she was relieved. Mr. Taylor wasnanother story. He had his arms crossed and was tapping his footnrapidly on the tile, echoing loudly throughout the whole house. Thentension was so thick; you could have cut it with a knife. He spokenfirst. \"ELIZABETH SARAnDARLING!\" \"Yes…\"Inmumbled meekly. He began to lecture me. \"Do you realizenwhat time it is? You have been gone for over 6 hours, and your momnnearly had a heart attack! Have you no manners? You could havencalled!\" He was fuming mad. Matt was hiding behind me, tremblingnin fear. He had always been scared of Mr. Taylor. \"Well, um, Incouldn't exactly call since… I was, um, at the Racer's.\" Infumbled for an excuse, and this is the best I could come up with. Inreally need to think ahead. I mean, it's not like I wanted my momnto have a heart attack, but subconsciously, I think I did it to annoynMr. Taylor. \"Did you just saynyou were at the Racer's?!\" Oh yeah. I was in for it now.nCannonball hates the Racer family with a capital H. I squared mynshoulders, thinking that he had no right to tell me who I should hangnout with. \"Yes, I did. AndnFYI, I had a great time. So did Matt.\" \"You listen to me,nand you listen good,\" he hissed through clenched teeth. He walkednover to me, fire in his eyes. He was point a finger in my face, andnMatt began to cry against my back. Something inside my snapped. Thatnbastard had no right making Matt cry, and if my mom wouldn't helpnus, I would teach him a lesson myself. \"You gonna lecturenme now, Grandpa ?\" I hissed, my eyes narrowing. I saw thenfire begin to burn brighter in his eyes. I held my head high, andninwardly smirked. Matt began to giggle. \"The people who I hang outnwith is none of your business. You come into my life and are tryingnto destroy it. Well, I got news for you, Mister. This is my life, andnno Taylor is gonna to do anything about it. The Darling family takesnorders from NO ONE .\" I saw his handncoming to slap me, but I quickly moved out of the way. I was slowingninching toward the door. I saw my mom debating in her mind on who tonhelp. I decided to snap him even harder. I took a big breath andnwhispered to Matt to run to the Thunderhead stadium. We could hidenthere, since Cannonball would set foot inside that place. I turnednback to Cannonball as Matt sneaked out the front door, Cannonballnhaving only eyes for me. \" Besides, wenDarling's also don't take orders from losers.\" I could hearnthe venom in my voice. I saw him begin to charge. I quickly ran outnof the house and down the street. I faintly heard Cannonball startnhis engine and open the garage door. If I didn't get to Thunderheadnstadium soon, I was dead meat. Literally. I ran the wholenmile, my legs beginning to tire. Did I mention that I'm a swimmer,nnot a runner? I saw Thunderhead some up, and began to run faster,ndespite my body's protesting. I quickly hopped the gate, and hid innthe shadows when I heard Cannonball's car screech to a halt nearnthe gate. I saw him get out and search the shadows. Then he began tonyell into the stadium, his voice filled with deep hatred. \"I will get you,nElizabeth Darling! And when I do, you'll see how I can break anDarling into pieces! You will not get away!\" He was shaking hisnfist at no one; the he climbed in his car and zoomed off, leaving mentrembling. He probably would have no qualms about killing me or Mattnin any way. I walked into the stadium after he left. It wasncompletely empty. \"Matt!\" I hissed,ntrying to be quiet, but the empty stadium made my voice echo. Incringed as I heard \"Matt\" echo through out the stadium. Well, atnleast he'll know I'm here. I decided to go up in the stands tonsee if I could see him from there. When I got to thenmiddle section, I began to think maybe Matt hadn't left, but hid innthe shadows of the garage. Then I could be charged for breaking andnentering, and that's the last thing I need. Then the authoritiesnwill give me back to Cannonball, and no one would believe me if Intold them he would kill me. Everyone loves him. He would make myndeath sound like a freak accident. As I was searchingnthe stands, I heard a rumble of a car in the distance. I immediatelynfreaked out, thinking Cannonball had come with reinforcements. Great.nThen I'll really be dead meat. As I was think aboutnall the bad things that could happen to me, I saw a yellow car pullninto the starting lane, with a 9 on the side. I was so tired andnworried that I couldn't figure out whose car it was. I then satndown and watched the show. The car startedngoing down the track seconds later, and the billboard came to lifenseconds later, and began to time the racer whose name I can'tnremember. When he started heading my way, I noticed there was ansmaller passenger in the passenger seat, and he looked happy. As theyncame to the loop near where I was sitting, I saw the boy. It wasnMatt! I was so happy, I could have cried. I began to make my way tonthe finish line, and I stood there, next to the finish line. Matt andnthe driver came to a skidding halt. I noticed them give each other anhigh five. I walked over and the driver noticed me inn the rearviewnmirror. I had my hands on my hips. \"Did you miss me?\" Matt hopped out ofnthe car with a squeal and began to tell me all about the ride. Then,nthe driver slowly got out. I was surprised. It was Racer X. He noddednhis head in my direction. \"Thank you.\"nThat was all I could manage. He had taken care of Matt and given himna ride. He smiled and nodded, then looked at the scoreboard. He was ansecond late on beating the record set by Rex Racer, Speed's latenolder brother. \"There's alwaysnnext time.\" He said hopefully, more to himself then to us. \"Whynare you here at this time?\" he asked us. \"I got into anfight with my step-dad, and he chased us here, and threatened to killnboth of us if we came back…\" Matt stared up at me with saucernshaped eyes. \"H-he threatenednt-to kill us?\" I nodded solemnly. Matt started to whimper. \"Well, I have anplace you can stay tonight.\" Racer X said. \"I have one questionnthough…\" \"Yes?\" \"Who's yournstep-dad? If he thinks he can make threats like that to children…\" \"CannonballnTaylor.\" Racer X did a doublentake. \"Well, I have an apartment complex, and I have an open floor.nYou want to stay until you work things out with your step-dad?\" \"Sure, thanks.\" Racer X then drove us to the rich side of town, where thenmillionaires lived. He dropped us off at a huge apartment complex.nThe walked us to the third floor, and then he gave us the key, andnsent us on our way with a good night. The room was gigantic, but Mattnand were out cold with in minutes. A/N Well there itnis! Sorry for making you wait. I told my self to update everyday, butnI broke that promise after Chapter 2! :) Enjoy and plz R&R;! :)[Chapter 5] A/N Hey guys, I'mnback! Sorry for taking so long, but I went to Scotland for a couplenweeks and I had no access to any internet or computers. But I'mnback and hope to update at least once a day, to make up for timenlost. I'm planning on this story being at most only 13-15 chaptersnlong. So here it goes… Disclaimer: I own nothing. :( Chapter 5:nMy new life I woke up to see anhigh, vaulted ceiling painted like this Sistine Chapel, and a canopynbed you see only in movies and in pictures of castle bedrooms. Thenbed was so comfortable, and I imagined if you could sleep on a cloud,nthis is what it would feel like. I faintly felt Matt stir beside me,nand I looked at the grandfather clock across the room from me, and itnread 9:00. So much for sleeping in, I thought. I climbed out of bednreluctantly, and went to take a shower. The bathroom looked like itnbelonged to a king. Marble everywhere, with gold faucets, and a silknshower curtain. I really thought I was In Heaven. I started thenshower, and it barely made a noise. I showered quickly, findingnshampoo already in the shower. I found some towels in the tall closetnand these were as comfortable as the bed. Then a thought struck me. Clothes. I needn't anynworry. I found clothes in the closet, and don't worry, there werenno medieval dresses, but instead top of the line manufacture clothes,nwith labels on them I could only dream to afford. I put on a pair ofnjeans and a nice white silk shirt that clung to my skinny waist,nrather than my bust, like many of the other shirts. I sat at thenornate vanity and found a selection of necklaces, bracelets, andnmatching earrings. I was in heaven. I quickly put some diamond studsnin my ear, and a simple black choker. I looked 20, and I lookednpretty actually. I had always pretty brown curly hair, and I had annatural tan, but I never caught any boy's eye. I hadn't even hadnmy first kiss. I'm pathetic, I know. I put my hair up in a messynbun, letting tendrils fall around my face, and didn't even bothernwith makeup. I only some of my mom's to something fancy, likenCousin Merle's wedding, or to see family during family reunions. I faintly heard Mattnsit up. I met his eye in the vanity mirror. \"Sleep well?\" Inasked, turning around to face him. \"Yeah,\" he said,nrubbing sleep from his eyes. \"But where are we?\" I was silentlynracking my brain for the answer. \"Umm…oh yeah, Racer X'snapartment. Remember last night?\" \"That feels eonsnago. But I remember.\" \"Go take a shower,nhoney, and then we'll go find something to eat.\" I walked over tonhim and guided him to the shower. Then he spoke words that chilled mynheart. \"Are we going tonsee mom again, or is Mr. Taylor going to come find us?\" I gave him a hardnlook and responded, \"I don't know, but we will hopefully see momnagain soon, okay.\" Matt gave me a quicknhug and then closed the bathroom door. I sighed. I wasn't ready tonbe a mother. As I was pondering the possible dining spots around herenthat I could afford, someone knocked on the door. I opened it to findna handsome gentleman, with brown eyes and curly brown hair. He hadnthis huge smile on his face, and wore nice jeans with a blue polonthat complemented him nicely. \"Hi, I'm Rex,nRex Royal. You must be Elizabeth. Racer X is a comrade of mine, andnbrought you here. I was wondering if you wanted to go out fornbreakfast.\" \"It's nice tonmeet you Mr. Royal. I was just wondering what I should do fornbreakfast.\" \"I know just thenplace. When you and Matt are ready, come meet me in the lobby.\" \"Ok. Thank you Mr.nRoyal, for everything. You have no idea how much this means to us.\" \"You're verynwelcome. See you downstairs.\" \"Ok.\" I watched him walknaway, wondering how on earth I had gotten myself mixed up with thenupper classes, classes I could only dream of one day being a part of.nMatt came out of the shower and I told him through the door where thenclothes were located. He came out in jeans and a nice, firmly pressednplaid polo, with buttons on the front. It was a scary thought, but wenalmost looked like we belonged in the high class. As we walked to thenelevator, the view of the Grad Prix stadium was amazing. We couldnhave sat up here, and would have had the serenity of peace. I don'tnlike loud stadiums, so when Mom told me to take Matt, I flat outnrefused, until she promised me a raise in allowance. The elevator wasnjust as nice as our room, but the back was a window, so you see thencity as you descended. I loved the view. This was the city you nevernsaw if you lived near Thunderhead Stadium. You see, The Grand Prixnstadium is in the middle of the city, while Thunderhead Stadium is onnthe west outskirts, were normal people lived, not corrupt people likenMr. Royalton and his gang. The ding of thenelevator took me back to the present, and opened to reveal a spaciousnlobby with nicely dressed people. I felt out of place, but I held mynhead high and walked over to were Mr. Royal was talking with twoninhumanly gorgeous women. They looked over at us scornfully as wenwalked over, but I noticed I was taller than them by a good 4 inches,nmaking them have to look up at me. Mr. Royal had to look down at allnof us. \"Ah, Gabi,nMichelle, please meet my newest guests, Elizabeth and Matt.\" \"Children?\" saidna shocked Michelle. \"Yes, how can theynpay rent? Are you going mad, liebchen ?\" said Gabi, obviouslynshocked and German. I quickly put Mattnbehind me and firmly said, obviously disgusted, \"Well, Mr. Royal;nif you are two busy, then Matt and I will head out alone. Good day.\"nI quickly bypassed them and went out the front doors. I went up tonthe security guard. \"Excuse me, but donyou anywhere around here that serves breakfast?\" \"Well, the dinerndown the road has some good food.\" He caught the eye of someonenbehind us and smirked. \"Way down the road, probably near Thun-\" I quickly turnednaway, and began to briskly walk down the street. Not only had heninsulted us, he had known we had no money whatsoever. Guess Matt andnI weren't cut out for this. Matt, who had beennvery quiet, said \"Where are we going to eat? And what did thatnsecurity guard mean? You didn't even let him finish.\" \"Matt, he insultednus by assuming we had no money…\" \"…which wendon't…\" \"…and that wenwere children we need help…\" \"…which we alsondo.\" \"…and he made menfeel bad.\" \"Why?\" Mattnasked, with concern on his face. I sighed. How was I supposed tonexplain to a ten year old that I had no money, no food, and no wherento sleep. I was beginning to wish I had taken Mr. Royal up on hisnoffer. I could feel the hot tears sting my eyes, and I furiouslynwiped my face with the back of my hand. I felt helpless and a littlenscared. Just then, someonenstepped in front of me. I looked up to see Mr. Royal with a big smilenplastered on his face. He looked at me curiously, but if he saw myntears he made no comment. \"Well, it looksnlike Elizabeth followed my directions, because here we are! The PetitnDéjeuner Café!\" (A/N For those of you who can speak French, thisntranslates into the Breakfast Café. I'm very original. :) Now ontonthe story!) Mr. Royal grabbed mynarm and led us through the front door. Inside the café was plain,nhowever it smelled heavenly. My stomach faintly growled, and out ofnthe corner of my eye I saw Mr. Royal smirk and lightly squeeze mynarm. We were led to a very nice booth, and when the food came, thenconversation seized. Matt and I ate like starved animals, while Mr.nRoyal watched with fascination and almost a sadness. Halfway through thenmeal, I realized how unladylike I was acting and lightly stepped onnMatt's foot and warning him to eat slower. When we hadnfinished, Mr. Royal took us on the tour of the city, and Matt begannto see him as an older brother, and soon those two were joking aroundnand I was the one telling them not to wreak havoc while I watched thencity. Each time I was rewarded with mock salutes and a chorus ofn\"Yes, mams!\" Little did I knownwhat would happen when the night would come… A/N So this is mynlongest chapter yet, and I am so sorry I did not update sooner. I hadnto go to the library yesterday with my brother, and it rained, and wenrode our bikes. So I was stranded there for 3 hours, and to makenmatters worse, they had no internet. Anyway, next week I will try tonupdate as much as possible, but I have Band/Drill Camp. Thanks fornbeing so corporative! Please R&R;!! :) ","Summary":" Chapter 1:nThe Grand Prix \"Lizzy, look at allnthe fast cars!!\" my younger brother, Matthew scream"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"The Traveler","Author":"Swedishgoat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8919397","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dr. King Schultz stopped knocking on the door. \"I'm afraid there seems to be no one home\". Him and Django Freeman, now his partner for the winter, have been riding without stopping for the past five days in order to reach the town of Helen. Following the tracks of Jack Finn, a bank robber, they were now quite positive that the fugitive was hiding out in the mining town. However, as they were getting closer to the mountain known as Brasstown Bald, the dark clouds were making it clear to them that they would need to stop before the snow storm started. \"Shame\" King said \"We really need shelter.\" \"Perhaps there'll be another house on the way\" said Django as King got on his horse. The Doctor shrugged pessimistically, and they were back on the road. An hour later it started snowing. While for now the dance of the tiny snowflakes was entertaining, they both knew that the weather was only bound to get worse. \"Someone coming this way\" Django said calmly and put his hand on the gun resting on his holster. Nowhere around the South did white folk seem alright with a black man riding on a horse, and Georgia was no different. He was always in alert, ready to shoot the face off of any cracker who thought otherwise. They were still on the move, getting closer to the person coming towards them. Snow was obstructing their view, making it difficult for them to figure out the mysterious rider. All they could spot was a dark silhouette, under a heavy coat and a hat. Ten minutes of riding and now the rider was close to them. \"Good afternoon good gentleman\" King yelled out, trying to make his voice be heard through the snow that was now picking up speed. The horse stopped twenty feet away from them. Both King and Django were a little dumbfounded, as the \"gentleman\" lowered his scarf and a woman's face was revealed. \"Oh...I apologize madam I couldn't quite make out who it was in the snowfall. Nonetheless I bid you a good afternoon\" repeated King. The woman nodded. She didn't smile, nor said anything. Her face seemed stern, not angry, but definitely a face that wouldn't take any crap from anyone. It wasn't lost to King that she was also holding shotgun in her lap. \"We were wondering if you would be the owner of that nice little house we passed down the road?\" \"I need a second shotgun\" she said matter-of-factly. King paused and stared at her in confusion. She was staring back, no expression on her face. \"I ... am sure you do but I am not sure if I understand the correlation. Could you explain what you may mean madam?\" \"You need shelter before the storm gets worse, and I need a shotgun.\" King allowed himself to observe that this woman did not sound like a Southerner; in fact, her English didn't have any accent at all. She also did not look very American. Dark hair, dark eyes and a strong jaw; not the characteristics of the British-like heritage that seemed to dominate the country. The idea of having found another person possibly coming from the continental Europe suddenly excited him. \"We can give you your shotgun\" Django replied before King could. \"Deal\" the woman said and reached back for her scarf to cover her face. She seemed like she didn't give any of this that much importance, in fact she seemed a little bored. She stopped for a second and gazed at the two men. \"I will not hesitate to put a hole in your skulls if you try to do something funny\". \"That's only fair\" King replied as he chuckled. To his surprise this earned him a half smile from the woman. \"And you don't mind me staying in your house?\" asked Django, interrupting their moment of humour. The woman turned up to him and frowned. She was looking at him with a puzzled face, squinting her eyes and trying to understand. \"Oh\" then she said \"Because you are black?\". She looked at him as if he had asked the most absurd question possible. Django nodded. Did this woman actually forget that he was black for a second? \"Not if you don't care staying at a white person's house\" she said and another half smile flashed across her face for a moment. \"The name is Mona... and you two can take the extra room\" she said abruptly. Before neither of them could answer she pulled her scarf back on, and she was on the move again.[Chapter 2] Mona got off of her horse, grabbed the four dead rabbits dangling from the side of her saddle and unlocked the door. King and Django followed her silently. She threw the rabbits on the round kitchen table rather carelessly and started to pile logs into the fireplace. King and Django took this time to observe the house they have entered. As they removed their coats, they saw that every furniture, and little object seemed old and simple. No sort of decoration anywhere. \"Once again we thank you for giving us shelter in your lovely home\". With this Mona struck a match, started the fire and rose again. \"It'd be nice if we had some coffee to warm us up…\" she said more to herself than the men standing in the middle of the room. She went to a cupboard, pulled out a bottle with no marking on it, removed the cork and smelled whatever is inside it. She turned to King and Django; \"…but mysterious liquor is what we'll have\" she said with the grin of mischievous child. She placed three glasses and the bottle on the table. \"Sit please\". As the men were sitting down she removed her coat and her hat. She was athletically built, and now that her hat was off, two thick, long and dark braids were revealed. She sat down and poured drink to all three glasses. \"Now it is time for you to introduce yourselves\". \"Ah, well of course…. I am Doctor King Schultz, and this\" he gestured towards Django \"is my partner Django Freeman\". \"And what is it that you do?\" King hesitated for a second. Was it wise to tell this woman the true nature of their occupation? \"Bounty hunters\" Django replied without any reluctance. He did not have any wariness towards this woman; in fact he rather enjoyed her blatant honesty towards everything. \"You have no problem with shooting so many people?\" Mona asked. \"You ask this question yet you want another shotgun to carry around\" King replied, causing her to do her half-smile again. \"And what is it that you do Miss Mona?\" \"I am a nurse\". King chuckled \"A nurse that shoots first, then proceeds to heal perhaps?\". As soon as he said the words he regretted them; he did not want to offend the person who offered them shelter. On the contrary Mona was rather amused. \"I know… I am a walking oxymoron\". Django didn't know what that word meant, but he was actually more interested in the way his friend was flirting with this woman. \"Miss Mona –\", she interrupted him, \"Just Mona\". \"Very well Mona, I have a good ear for accents and I'm afraid I am failing myself as to distinguishing your background.\" However the woman was now looking around, distracted by something else. She located the box of matches she left by the fireplace and got up to get them. \"Yes, yes I will tell you my story. But first- I am famished\" she said as she sat back down and took three matches out the box. She broke the end piece of one of them, put her hand behind her, and bringing back her fist that held the heads of the matches out. \"Shortest match cooks tonight\". She looked up to meet Django's confused face. \"You didn't expect from to cook for you did you?\". \"Well-\". \"I am a nurse, not a maid\" Mona replied with a grin. \"Now pick your pick\". Django reached and without hesitation pulled the match to the left side. A whole match. He smiled with relief. Now it was King's turn. His hand hovered on top of hers; then he picked the one on the right. \"Short match!\" Mona exclaimed in victory. \"Scheisse\" King replied in a bit of frustration. He wanted to stay at the table and listen to her talk. \"The knife is in that drawer, and there are some vegetables over in that box\" she pointed around \"A stew would be great\". She was smiling at King with mock innocence. \"But how about your story?\" Django asked, causing her to turn her gaze away from King, who in return got even more annoyed. \"Yes my story\" she said as she poured more liquor into empty glasses. She took a bag of tobacco and started rolling a cigarette. \"My story starts in the Spanish city of Barcelona\". Now King was back at the table, he sat down to skin the rabbits, meanwhile eagerly listening to Mona. \"The year was 1828, my father Jose-Luis Calvo had just turned nineteen and he was becoming more and more tired with living under what he had called 'the oppression of the catholic church'. Having read all the great books and novels on the French way of freedom, he sat out for a journey to Paris. Here he found what he was looking for. Paris was filled with art, and artists who knew how to live, and my guess is beautiful women -\" she lit up her cigarette and took a puff \"- he was having the time of his life. One day, I believe a month after he first got to Paris, his jacket rips at the seam, so he stops by at a tailor shop in Montparnasse\". She smiled to herself. \"To this day he swears that he heard angels sing to him the first time he saw my mother, working as a seamstress. Another month goes by and him and my mother, Veronique, get married at a chapel. However now, all the money he had saved up prior to his trip is spent and they are forced to go back to Spain. Upon their arrival, my father starts working as a server. One day, as he is cleaning up after closing time, father finds a large leather bag forgotten under a chair. Alongside very official looking documents is a good sum of money- enough to last my parents for a year. However, my father is an honest man. He sets out to find the man the bag belongs to, and delivers it to a highly ranked Spanish diplomat. The diplomat, who later serves as an ambassador, admires my father's honesty and offers him the position of being his secretary. So from then on till a few years ago when the ambassador passed away, my parents work for him, moving across the continent of Europe every time he is to go somewhere\". Mona finished her drink and put out her cigarette. King, after putting the pot that contained the stew on the fire, had now returned to the table. \"On February 4th 1832, when the ambassador is situated in London, my mother gives birth to me. They choose to give me an English name so I am called Mona. But they want me to have a Spanish name as well, so I am Mona Agatha. My mother doesn't want her nationality excluded, so I am Mona Agatha Claudette. From the time I was born in London until I am eighteen we live in these cities respectively: Stockholm, St. Petersburg, Warsaw and Amsterdam. On my eighteenth birthday I announce to everyone that I am tired of following this old man around the world and that I wish to go to Paris to become a nurse. My mother is hysterical, but my father understands me as he once felt the same way. He gives me a gun, my first gun, and a bit of money and sends me out on my journey.\" The stew smelled great and was ready now. \"I'll plate us up\" Mona said as she attempted to get up. \"Allow me\" King pleaded. \"Your story is far too captivating. Please continue\". Mona nodded \"So I set out to Paris. However, I got distracted by Hamburg in the way so I stopped there for a couple of months\" she said and turned to look at the Doctor. King's eyes were intense to her now, perhaps thinking about his time in another German town. \"Then someone I met there told me that they had a friend in Vienna and we must visit the city. So I went there and stayed for a few months. But my father's fate followed me and I was close to running out of money so I went to Paris to become a nurse. And I did. But then a fellow nurse friend of mine told me that she was going to visit her dying aunt in Prague and I went along with her and stayed. And now I was a nurse and I was supporting myself. I traveled by myself around the continent, making money as a nurse, and leaving whenever I felt like it.\" She took a spoonful of the stew to her mouth, chewed and nodded in approval. \"This is really good. Anyway I was back in Paris when my parents have sent me a letter. They were in London again but now the good ambassador had passed away and they were thinking about going across the ocean and move to Canada, they were asking me to join them. By this time I hadn't seen my parents in four years, and another continent sounded like a great adventure. This is how I came to North America. I traveled a bit in Canada, and then I moved down to America. I stopped by at most major cities, living in them for a couple of months then to move again. I was in Lexington, about six months ago when the daughter of the man who used to live in this house hired me to take care of him. He was really old, but stubborn, did not want to go up to Lexington where all his daughters was married, and he was sick. So I took care of him until he passed away a week ago… So you see this isn't my home. I have sent for the oldest daughter and her husband so they can come and sell the house, and when they arrive I will leave.\" \"And where will you be going?\" King asked. \"Haven't really decided yet… but probably down south. I miss speaking Spanish\". They had now finished their dinner. \"This is quite the story…and you are quite the traveler\" King said, gazing up at her, which to her felt as if he was trying to read her. \"That I am\" she lit up another cigarette. \"Now tell me the story in which you two became partners\" she said. And she poured more drinks. \"You did not lift up… a … a midget!\". Django was trying to speak but he couldn't stop laughing, and neither did his companions. \"I most definitely did\" Mona exclaimed in laughter \" and he was really heavy\". Another wave of laughter hit them. \"You are remarkable person\" King said in between laughs. \"I was at a drinking hall in Paris, I met a midget, I started drinking and talking with him, then he said he needed to find his brother who was also there. But it was really crowded so I asked 'Would you like me to lift you up so you can see better?'\" The men burst into laughter again. Tears were running down Django's eyes. \"He said yes and I did. I asked 'What does he look like' and he said 'Dark hair, blue eyes: just like me'. So I am standing in the middle of the most crowded drinking hall, with a small man in my hands and a cigarette in my mouth, and he is getting heavier by the second and I am trying to find the second midget in there. Then I see a man walk up towards me, I don't know what he wants, then he says 'Why are you doing that to my brother?'. Turns out when he said 'just like me' he didn't mean another midget\" she said as she laughed again. They laughed a bit more and a content silence set in the room. Mona got up and stretched out her arms as she yawned. \"I need sleep. If you are leaving early in the morning leave the shotgun on the table\". \"We will\" King said sheepishly. After finishing the entire bottle that they guessed to be whisky, they were all a little buzzed. As Mona went into her room, Django went to the outhouse and King went to the other room. Him and Django would have to share a bed, but it wasn't a problem for neither one of them. After sleeping on the cold ground for five days, a bed was going to be heaven no matter who slept next to you. But King's mind drifted to who he would rather sleep next to. Born in 1832; she was twenty-seven? He wondered why she wasn't married. She seemed a bit crude but she was definitely attractive. A French-Spanish woman in the middle of Georgia, he couldn't believe it. He thought about the freckles that adorned her neck. He wondered if they continued down her breasts. Beauty spots the French called it. \"Grain de Beauté \"he said out loud to himself. \"You said something?\" Django asked with a grin, now back in the room. \"Of course not\" the Doctor said \"Nothing\". He got in the bed and closed his eyes. It had to be nothing. It was absolutely silly for him to think such things. She was a young girl and he was… well, old. He shifted and turned around restlessly. He needed to get these thoughts out of his head. His job was already dangerous; a woman like that only meant more danger. He slowly drifted into sleep. In his dream he would discover a constellation in the sky, made out of the freckles on Mona's body. I am so flattered by the wonderful reviews and alerts I have received, thank you all for that. I want to point out that my usage of the word midget in this chapter is completely in the name of historical accuracy. I don't think in mid 19 th century people used the term little person , but again I wish everyone to know that I don't mean to offend anyone. If you still think I am an a**hole for it, I definitely get that as well. Either way, I hope you've enjoyed this second chapter (and I thank HalcyonBird and Unnamedsomeone for their French assistance).[Chapter 3] That's right: It's two-chapter update! Enjoy Jack Finn's corpse was lying out on the Marshall's front porch. King counted the money and gave Django his share. It looked like spring had finally made its appearance after the snowstorm of the last week. He knew that Django was restless now, wondering when they would go to Mississippi to find Broomhilda. \"I believe it is time for us to find out the whereabouts of your wife.\" King said as Django nodded. \"We'll go straight to Mississippi. No need for a detour.\" Django looked up and was about to ask him why they would even think of a detour, only to realize he must've pondering about Mona again. Doctor never seemed like a man that shares his private affairs with the others. He never told Django much about himself; but after leaving Mona's house that morning he got suspiciously quiet. Later in the week when he talked, he made comments about the French, or the Spanish; or telling him stories of travels from his old continent. It was clear to Django that his mind was occupied with Mona, or at least her story. He thought about this for a second. If they were to stop by at Mona's once again, a couple of days wouldn't have made a big difference in his quest. \"We could go to Miss Mona's again... It would be nice to have a bed for the night\" Django said. King turned to him and stared for a second \"If you insist\" he said as he shrugged and got on his horse\". \"Yeah right, I insist \" Django thought and smiled under his breath. A stern faced woman with a Southern drawl answered the door. \"What can I do for you?\" King removed his hat as he addressed her. \"Good day Madam, my name is Doctor King Schultz and I am looking for Miss Mona. She gave us shelter here during the snow storm last week.\" \"She is gone\", the woman said coldly. \"I see\" King was clearly disappointed. \"She left this morning\" the woman had now noticed Django in the background. King squeezed the hat in his hand with desperate hope \"Do you have any idea Madam, of where she might be going?\" The woman looked back to the Doctor \"She mumbled something about Mexico- Is that a nigger on the horse?\" she asked abruptly. But King already had the information he needed \"Thank you Madam and good day\". \"We can catch up to her in a few hours\" he said as he quickly climbed back on his horse. As the sun was slowly setting, and Mona was getting ready to find a spot to rest for the night, she heard a noise behind her. She turned to see two horsed men in the distance, approaching her in haste. She stopped and grabbed her shotgun. Mona had shot men before. And killed them. Two, to be precise. Both men on different occasions had tried to rape her and she didn't give pulling the trigger a second thought. She convinced herself that her murders were justified, but she never made peace with the fact that she took people's lives. She knew that if someone were to threaten her again she wouldn't hesitate to kill them, but still, the idea bothered her. She tried to get rid of these thoughts in her head. Right now the men were closing the gap in between and she needed to be on alert. She still couldn't make out there faces but... she realized one of the riders were black. She laughed in nervous relief. There couldn't have been many black men riding around in Georgia right now; she lowered her gun. \"Good afternoon Miss Mona\" King exclaimed as they stopped near her. Mona smiled \"Just Mona\". \"Well, good afternoon just Mona\" King repeated with a smile. The transformation was incredible to Django. The man that frowned and sat in silence all week was now all smiles. \"Why are you two here?\" \"We're going to Mississippi. We heard you are going to Mexico.\" \"Yes, Guadalupe or… maybe Monterrey … Who knows\" she said as she shrugged. \"You will have to pass through Mississippi to get there; perhaps you would like to travel with us?\" King asked, hoping his anticipation wasn't as apparent to her than it was to him. \"Alright\" Mona shrugged once more and softly kicked her horse with her heels to start moving again. \"Do you make every decision as fast as this?\" asked Django as they followed suit. \"Well\" she lit up a cigarette \"I have a rule of not turning down travel offers... Of course I don't say yes to every strange-looking person that asks me to go somewhere with them, but still, I think it works for someone like me. Besides this hardly is a life-changing decision\". \"Is this why you have traveled so much? Because you choose not to say no to fellow travelers?\", this time it was King who asked the question. \"Not really. I travel irregardless\". Mona hated trying to explain herself. People usually struggled with understanding her reasoning and experiences, and most did not approve of them to start with. It always seemed to her that they almost took offense in the way she chose her own destiny. But she continued. \"I think it has to do with, maybe curiosity. There is just so much to see. And even if I hate what I am seeing, I still want to see it... I sometimes stop at a city or town and I think that I can maybe just stay there and, well, settle down. But after a few weeks I find wherever I am to be umm\" she stopped talking to find the word she was looking for \"- finished… Somewhere along the way, I don't know how, but places have become consumable things for me. I consume...finish them and when they are done I move on.\" Both men were quite when she had finished talking. Django was silent because he did want to settle down: With Broomhilda. He stayed up all night sometimes, thinking about a home they could call their own in the North. That dream was so far away, yet so realizable it filled him with anxiety. King was silent because he was frustrated. He was frustrated because this woman was constantly honest, answering every question you asked her, yet it felt like there was something she was constantly hiding. King was frustrated because this explanation was not enough. He was a master of convincing people, and he desperately wanted to convince her to tell him the secrets of her soul. \"I don't know, I don't think it makes sense to anyone else but me... I think we can stop here for the night\", she said quietly. She was obviously taken aback by the lack of reaction she got from the men. They got off their horses and started unpacking their supplies when Django said Mona's name and he stood right behind her. She turned around to find Django holding three straws sticking out of his fist. \"Short straw cooks tonight\" he said with an evil grin. Mona laughed at this wholeheartedly and reached for a straw. Her smile quickly turned sour. \"Damn it - the short straw!\" They rode together day after day, stopping at the driest spot they could find for the night. Mona observed that the partners avoided going into, or staying at towns. When they did stop at a town, for supplies or the possibility of a decent bed, Mona watched the people doing their best to keep Django from simply being treated as an equal. She also observed King's undeniable gift in reconciliation. He was supreme at easing these people down, and persuading them to do what he wanted, with usually the help of money- which he seemed to have an endless amount of. During this journey, they talked about a lot. Mona answered their questions about her travels, and told them about all the interesting people and stories she came across. She told them about her parents, her little brother who died from polio at the age of three, and how his father's broad-minded upbringing made her who she was. King listened to these stories with mixed feelings. On the one hand he felt every story told was a step towards knowing her better, and on the other, he felt as if he was only scratching a surface. In return King and Django told her backstories of all the criminals they have \"captured\". In general she was kind while still being a little crude King observed, but also at times, quite selfish. Perhaps this was due to the fact that she had to be self-reliant for so many years, but he had realized that she was quite devoted to her own wellbeing. The things she didn't care about, with these she was eager to be compliant, on the contrary if she opposed a certain thing- then she was quite difficult to deal with. For instance, mornings at first were a struggle for the three travelers. While Django and King were used to rising early to start their day, Mona apparently liked sleeping in. When they would try to wake her up she would mumble something in French or Spanish and go back to sleep. After they have made her wake up with difficulty, she would be quite grumpy for a couple of hours, and argue why rising early wasn't that important, and that they should also sleep a bit more. On the fourth morning with the same interaction, King without thinking said \"I will make you a morning coffee if you wake up right now\". With this she opened her eyes, sat up, stared at King and said: \"I'm waiting\". While Django burst into laughter with how this woman turned the Doctor into a server in a matter of seconds, King actually felt as if he had triumphed: Now he knew that she did things she didn't want to, if she was bribed with something she would want. As to his own desire in observing her, he told himself that she was just a person with an interesting history. He tried to make himself believe that he was just curious about the past of the woman, and not the woman herself. He wasn't sure however, if he was doing a good job convincing himself.[Chapter 4] They were past Jackson, and as far as Mona knew, the time was coming near for her to part from her companions. She didn't know where exactly they were going or what they were doing there. She wondered why she never pondered upon that before. \"So are you two looking for a fugitive?\" she queried. \"Not really\" was all King said coldly. He wasn't sure what to tell her since this was not his story to tell. \"We are looking for my wife\" Django said quietly to his surprise. \"We are going to Natchez.\" Mona raised her eyebrows in surprise \"I didn't know you were married. Is that where she lives?\" \"That's where she was sold.\" Mona opened her mouth in terror and quickly closed it again. It was clear to King that the young woman did not know what Natchez was famous for. \"Natchez is one of the biggest slave markets in the country. We are here to find who bought her in the records\" he explained. All she did was nod, but inside she was panicking. She wanted to flee. Leave this god-awful country and its awful people behind, pretend as if she never saw or heard the things she did. And she definitely did not want to see that slave market. Unfortunately for her, she was running low on supplies. \"I will accompany you into the town since I need supplies, then make my leave. I hope you find her\", she said trying to sound as calm as possible. \"You are leaving?\" King asked in disbelief. He knew she wanted to go to Mexico but this wasn't mentioned ever again after they caught up to her on that first day. King thought, or maybe hoped, that she would stay with them. Django saw the expression on his friend's face. He didn't know if it was visible to her, but he could clearly see that the Doctor was hurt. \"I thought you never said no to a travel offer?\" he asked her. \"Yes. You two asked me to ride with you to Mississippi and I did.\" \"And now I am asking you to accompany us to Natchez and wherever else to find my wife\" Django replied. Mona furrowed her brows in confusion and asked \"But why?\" King was also confused with his obvious attempt to keep her around. \"Because you entertain me\", Django said as he smirked. Mona smiled. \"Natchez is on the way but what if your wife is way back in Georgia or something? I'm sorry but I don't know why I would do that kind of a journey.\" Completely loyal to her self-interest. King saw his window of opportunity with her statement. \"But what if I were to offer you something very valuable?\" King asked. Her eyes sparkled with curiosity \"What is that?\" \"A solid reference from a respectable doctor would make a lot of difference in your wage now wouldn't it?\" he asked with a smug smile on his face. He knew he had her hooked now. Her brows were furrowed once more \"But again: Why?\" \"Because you entertain my partner, and a happy business partner means a good business\", he said- he would have to thank his friend later. \"Now do we have a deal?\" Mona pursed her lips and looked ahead. \"Let's go then\". Django and King were going through records and Mona was silently staring out the window. Before coming to America, and especially the South, she had heard horror stories about slavery. She always believed, or maybe wanted to believe that these stories were rare cases and the reality wouldn't be that bad. Oh, how naïve she was! Now she was looking out the window, watching naked bodies with open scars, bent backs and scared eyes. She sat back in her chair and puffed on her cigarette. Maybe trying to find this Broomhilda would help her spirits a little. She had seen so many horrible things in this country and failed to do anything about it, that she started feeling constantly guilty. Maybe helping even one person would change that. \"And that's where we will go\" King was saying in the background. \"Mona?\" \"Hm?\" she looked up and met King's eyes. \"We will be going to Candyland\". \"Oh?\" She sat up in her chair, eyes full of excitement like a little child. That sounded nice. \"It's a plantation\", Django said. \"One of the worst ones\". \"Oh\" she replied as she sunk back in her chair. \"We will act as if I am interested in Mandingo fights and approach Candie to buy one of his fighters. As he agrees to our ridiculous offer and invites us to his plantation, we will get Broomhilda out\" King laid out the plan. \"Alright. What's a modingo fight?\" \"Mondingo fights\" King corrected her \"are bare-handed ancient-Roman style fights to death between slaves that are ordered by their owners\". Mona gulped and looked away. She wondered whether this was her kind of an adventure. Would she have to watch something like that? No, surely King and Django wouldn't allow for such a thing to happen. \"So you are a rich man who likes watching slaves kill each other… And you are?\" she turned to Django. \"I'll be his consultant as to which slave to acquire\". \"And what would I be?\" King and Django gazed at each other. \"You can be the Doctor's wife\" Django replied as he grinned like a cat. Mona gave a half smile to this. \"So you will be a psychopath\", she said to King, \"You will be someone who enslaves his own kind\" she continued, \"And I will be a meritless wife… Sounds like we'll all be playing what we exactly wouldn't want to be\". King pondered upon this statement for a second, but moved along. \"Now Calvin Candie owns the Cleopatra Club and that's where we will approach him with our offer\" King said as he watched Mona flicker her cigarette, completely lost in thought. \"And you will have to dress the part\". She nodded sheepishly, only to realize what he meant \"Hold on, do I have to wear a dress?\" Indeed this was different to her. Since the day Django and King met her, they saw her only wearing pants. It usually got her funny looks and bad remarks out in the public, but no one seemed to care now since they were focused on Django. \"Yes you will have to wear a dress\" King replied as he smirked \"And act like a grown up\". \"Ugh\" Mona grumbled, \"This is getting worse and worse\". \"No, nothing with flowers on it\" Mona exclaimed. The shopkeeper sighed and picked up another dress as Django and King gave each other amused looks. \"No, no little bows either\". The woman rolled her eyes and went to find another one. Before they stepped in the shop King told Mona that he'd be covering all the expenses. This made her uncomfortable but she remained silent; this was their plan after all. Now King was sitting on a chair, eyeing every little move of the woman, and quite frankly taking quite the pleasure in her annoyance. \"No! Nothing in pink!\" Mona exclaimed. \"Little Miss\" the old lady said turning red in anger \"You are being very, very difficult right now\". Mona hunched in defeat \"Alright, fine. Just give me the dresses that doesn't require me to wear a corset\". The shopkeeper frowned in confusion. \"All of these dresses need to be worn with a corset underneath\". Mona suddenly turned to Django and King \"I can't do this, I am going to Mexico\". \"You never wore a corset before?\" Django asked in disbelief. The woman looked embarrassed and angry at the same time \"I wore it once\" she said with a lower voice than she meant it to be. \"Now, now\" King jumped in the conversation \"You are a remarkably strong woman, I am sure you can handle one little corset\" he said with mock support. Mona squinted her eyes and gave him the death stare. He chuckled in delight. \"Fine\" she turned to the shopkeeper. \"Just give me your most comfortable corset\". \"Oh child\" the woman replied \"There is no such thing as a comfortable corset\". Mona bit the insides of her lip nervously. King watched and loved every moment of it. In the movie, I believe, the exact location of the slave market is never mentioned. My research on it suggests Natchez, but if you have another idea- let me know. Once again thank you for all the amazing reviews and follows. I hope you've enjoyed these two chapters.[Chapter 5] Apparently I can only do two-chapter updates now. Enjoy! King had just put his pocket watch were it belonged when he saw Mona emerge from the inn they were staying at. She was wearing an emerald green dress that hugged her waist and revealed parts of her skin that King sometimes imagined at night. To his delightful surprise, those freckles did continue down her neck. As Mona approached the carriage he rented for the night, he tried to pull himself together. It would have been a lot easier if Django wasn't smiling and staring at the Doctor as he did right now. \"You are late\" King addressed Mona coldly. He desperately needed to redirect this new-found agitation inside him somewhere else. \"Well I am not German\" snapped Mona. \"Not every one of us live every minute of our lives according to schedule\". King nodded quietly and offered his hand to help her get in the carriage. It wasn't lost to her that the Doctor was taken aback by her reaction. Once the car started moving Mona felt gravely guilty for her behavior. \"I finally understand why my mother was always in a bad mood: The poor woman couldn't breathe right!\" she joked, hoping that it would deliver her hidden message of apology. \"That's very understandable\", King said as he smiled. \"Besides it must be rather strange for you to not have a pistol on you\". \"Oh that's alright. I still have one on me\" Mona replied. \"Is that so? And where would you carry a pistol in a dress like th-\". He paused and looked at Mona giving him a wicked smile as an answer. \"Ah- I see\" he said as he turned to look out the carriage. Rest of the ride he tried to stop himself from thinking of the whereabouts of that pistol. \"Monsiour Candie is upstairs\" the lawyer said as they were slowly ascending. \"He is busy watching the fight but he has agreed to receive you\". Mona stopped dead in her track, causing Django to bump in to her in the stairs. She quickly regained her composure and kept walking, but inside she was filled with terror. With every passing second she now realized, she was coming closer to watching people fight to death. \"And please, do not address him Mister Candie, but Monsieur Candie\". \"De quelle origine est Monsieur Candie\" she asked trying to distract herself. This got her a funny look from King- \"Oh right, I am supposed to be the mute-like wife\" she said to herself. \"Oh no, Monsieur Candie doesn't speak French so please refrain from it. He just enjoys the culture\" the lawyer replied as he opened the doors to where they would meet this infamous Calvin Candie. Mona observed the rectangular room with a bar on the one end, and a fireplace on the other. There were two black man throwing punches and wrestling rather viciously in front of the fireplace. Another set of two men were watching the fight. One sitting down giving commands to his fighter, the other standing up and smoking. The man standing up addressed them without turning around : \"Why are you interested in Mandingo fights\"? \"If I have to be frank- because I am awfully bored\" King replied. The man in the maroon suit turned around with a smile and stopped for a second when he caught a glimpse of the woman in the green dress. King noticed his interest begrudgingly. \"I am Doctor King Schultz, and this is Mona Agatha Claudette- my wife\". The man that Mona now knew to be Calvin Candie walked towards her. She reluctantly gave him her hand; there was something odd about this man. He raised her hand and planted a soft kiss on it, which made Mona shiver in distaste inside. \"Never have I met such unique beauty\" Candie said staring intensely at her. \"Apparently Miss Mona is half French\" the lawyer informed him. \"Ah, how wonderful. I am a collector of all that is French\" he replied, he was still holding her hand in his. Mona thought what a proper lady would say in a situation like this. A \"thank you\"? The man made such an odd statement, and she was so distressed by the fighting and the uncomfortableness of the situation that she couldn't think of a single thing a mute wife would do. \"The hell with it, I'll play a my kind of a wife\" she thought. She removed her hand from his rather abruptly and answered with a sick smile. \"Sadly I belong to somebody else's collection\" she said as she pointed over at King with her eyes. Candie chuckled and turned to King \"Where did you find this one\"? Before King could answer however, he placed a hand behind the Doctor's back and guided him towards the fight. With this, both Django and Mona turned towards the bar. \"Miss Mona won't you join us to watch the fight\" Candie asked suddenly. \"No thank you\". \"Don't approve of you husband's interests\"? There was a rather malicious tone to his voice. \"His interests are for no one to judge\" Mona replied. But she needed to come up with an excuse as to why she wouldn't watch the fight. \" I myself, can't bear violence; woman are frail by their nature after all\" she joked ironically. \"Of course \" Candie said as he turned back to the fight. Mona was a bit appalled. Did this man just take that remark seriously? \"What can I get you ma'am\" the bartender distracted her from her thoughts. \"Whisky on ice\". Django was standing on the other side of the bar, sipping on his drink. According to the plan they were not supposed to be friendly to each other like they usually were. Mona stared down at her drink and tried to disregard all the horrible fighting noises coming from behind her. She had seen many fights of course, but one where the fighters were forced into... She shivered in terror. She had to think about something else. She gazed down at the marriage band King gave her to wear as a part of her \"disguise\". He also gave her an assortment of other jeweleries to be worn during their portrayal of the married couple. They all seemed very expensive. Just how rich was this guy? She heard a loud crack behind her- a crack from some one's body. A moan full of pain followed. She finished her drink in one gulp and quietly excused herself out of the room. With rushed steps she went downstairs and out to the back garden. She desperately gasped for air- this damn corset! To her luck, no one was out on the garden. Probably all patrons were occupied with the\" entertainment\" offered by the club. She sat down on a bench and lit up a cigarette. There was a fight upstairs where an innocent man was being killed right now. And she was just sitting there. She shook her head in guilt. At one point soon, she would have to stop saying yes to every adventure that came along. Clearly not all of them were fun and giggles. \"I should be less impulsive\" she said to herself. Less impulsive and more like... well, King. Mona pondered upon this for a second. Indeed the man was almost her opposite. Every move he did and every word that left his mouth seemed well planned and well thought of. Nonetheless Mona never felt that he was ever disingenuous, but he was certainly a man who kept it to himself. Yes he was genuine but always in control. He probably never let thoughts and feelings deep inside to reach the surface. She wondered what he was like when he let it all go. She reached her hand down the back of her dress and scratched mercilessly. This damn corset was not only obstructing her from breathing right, but it was also digging into her skin. Indeed corset-wearing was an education that had to start at a young age. If not, one would suffer as Mona did right now. She put out her cigarette, took a deep breath in -which was very painful to do- and went back inside. She had just stepped in the room when King grabbed her hand and announced \"Darling you are just back in time\". To her surprise the physical contact made her heart race a bit. \"Monsiour Candie graciously agreed to consider my offer and invited us over this house\". \"And I will be very, very upset If I don't get to see your beautiful wife with us tomorrow\" Candie addressed King but gazed at Mona. Ten minutes later, after goodbyes were bid and the Cleopatra Club was left behind, the three figures were sitting silently in the carriage. \"We all stood there and let it happen\" she said as she stared down her hands. If she were to look up she would see that guilt and hopelessness could be read from both men's faces. Django leaned forward to catch Mona's eyes \"For Broomhilda\" he said. She turned to watch the town pass by and sighed. \"For Broomhilda\" she repeated quietly. Next morning started with Mona trying to convince King and Django that she could ride on a horse with the dress she was wearing. \"I'm afraid I don't know how believable that would be. A doctor's wife riding around in the forest like a bandit\" King asked concerned. \"Look, I've already opted out from being the mute wife last night and frankly, Candie loved it\" Mona replied. This caused King to give her a cold stare. \"Or at least he believed it\" she continued. \"I don't think it would be out of character for the woman I portrayed to be riding her own horse\". \"It makes sense to me\" Django stated. \"I think it shows that the Doctor enjoys partnerships with strange folk: A black man as an advisor, and a harridan for a wife\". Mona chuckled and waited for King to respond. \"Fine, take your horse\" he said. This Candie \"loving\" the harridan bit did not entertain him at all. The three riders caught up to Candie's carriage and his companions midway to the plantation. At first Candie's men tried to give Django some trouble; but once one of the men was squirming in pain under a horse on the ground, it was apparent to all that he was not a man to mess with. To Mona's surprise Candie was rather impressed by Django. The carriage started to move again. \"Thank you for agreeing to ride in the carriage with us, although I must say Miss Mona it seems you are an expert in equestrianism \" Candie said. \"Yes, in France women are not afraid to take on challenges-but I'm sure you already knew that\" Mona replied, causing Candie to flash a disturbing kind of smile. Soon the men were talking about Mandingo fights and Mona was not even attempting to look like she was listening. Her mind was drifting back to the fight of the last night and whether there were anything she could have done without compromising their facade. She didn't know the answer to that, but she promised herself she was not going to sit back and do nothing the next time. \"How did the two of you meet Miss Mona\"? Candie's voice caught her off guard. \"We met in Richmond where Mona used to live with her parents.\" King replied, coming to her rescue. \"I was there on business and between a few meetings I decided to take a little stroll and stop by at a tobacco store to pick up a new pipe. As I reached for the door Mona stepped out\" King stopped and turned to look at Mona who was eagerly listening to him. Mona didn't know if this was all an act but King locked eyes into hers as he told the rest of the story. \"I swear Monsieur Candie, I heard angels sing to me the moment I saw her face\". A warm smile captured Mona's face and she blushed instantly, causing King to return that genuine smile. \"That's one hell of a story\". Candie's words brought them back to where they were and who they were with. \"We are almost there now\" he said but some commotion stopped him from continuing. King and Mona turned to find a slave taking refuge on a tree from two vicious dogs held by some white men. \"What seems to be the problem here\" Candie asked the men as the car stopped. \"He tried to escape\". \"Keep the dogs away\" Candie said and thought for a second. \"I am quite disappointed D'artagnan\" he addressed the man on the tree \"Come down that tree now, the dogs are not going to hurt you. Now, why would you try to run away right after I paid good money for you to fight\"? \"I'm sorry Sir.. I .. I just don't want to fight anymore\" the black man replied in desperation and terror. \"You still owe me three fights D'artagnan. I'm afraid you are not leaving me much of a choice here\" he said as he stepped off the carriage. \"Monsieur Candie why don't you let me buy him\" King jumped in the conversation. Mona was surprised and glad he did. Candie looked at him suspiciously. \"And why would you want to buy a fighter who wouldn't want to fight\"? Before King could answer Mona did: \"Because he knows scenes as this make me upset Monsieur Candie. Let us buy the slave\". Candie thought for a second. \"I'm afraid I can't let you do that. You see, D'artagnan here needs to set an example for all his folk. They should know what will happen if they try to escape\" he said cruelly. Mona realized he was about the signal for the dogs to be set up on the poor man who was shivering in fright. \"But surely you are not going to do such a thing in the presence of a lady\" she said abruptly. Candie looked back at her with a confused expression. \"Remember? Frail woman\" she said as she pointed to herself and smiled sweetly. Candie got back in the carriage and returned the smile. \"Of course not.\" He turned to his men. \"We'll deal with this later\" he said as D'artagnan was taken away and the carriage started moving again. Mona didn't know if that helped at all. She hoped that D'artagnan would manage to run away again, this time with success, but she knew that the chances of that were slim to none. \"I heard you had a slave who speaks German\" King queried, seemingly already forgotten the horrible scene they almost were to witness. \"Oh yes we do. Her name is.. umm... Hildi! That's right Hildi is her name\". \"I would like to talk to this slave if you don't mind; it has been so long since I've heard any German\". \"Of course, of course\" Candie replied \"And here we are\". Did anyone get the reference when Schultz made up the story of meeting Mona?[Chapter 6] It was two hours before dinner time and King was sitting on the armchair by the window, watching Mona sleep. When they got to the house, they watched Broomhilda being taken out from a sweat box. With the sight of this, he observed Mona turn pale and clench her fists. After they have been shown to their room, which they were going to share as any married couple would, she announced she needed a nap as she took of her shoes and laid down. It was apparent to King that she was rather shaken by the terrible things they have witnessed last night and today. He sat down and opened his book. Instead of reading he watched the woman toss and turn in her sleep, occasionally reaching around to scratch her back. Suddenly there was a knock on the door. \"Doctor Schultz\" called out Lara's voice out the door causing Mona to stir in her sleep. \"Good evening Doctor Schultz, I was wondering where you would want to talk to Hildi- the slave girl you asked for\" Lara asked as King answered the door. \"Ah yes, yes of course. My wife is resting a little but I would want her to hear that even a slave can learn German\" he acted. \"Why don't you just bring her here\"? As the door was closed the adjacent door opened and Django stepped in. By this time Mona was awake, already looking sleepily at the two men. \"I think you should go back to your room, we don't want her to scream and pass out the moment she steps foot in here\" he said quietly to Django. Right as he went back to his room, there was another knock on the door. \"Come in\" King ordered. The woman that they previously watched to be taken out the sweat box entered the room. She was cleaned and put in a pretty dress. Mona observed how beautiful and fragile she looked, and an incredible sense of happiness filled her heart. This was the woman her friend loved; and they were going to get her out, and everything that they had to go through was worth it. Meanwhile King was conversing with Broomhilda in German. She looked scared and confused, listening to the words of the Doctor but also looking at the woman who was dangling her legs off the bed and swinging them like a child would. \"This isn't really my wife\" King continued in German \"We are friends of a friend of yours and we want to help you\". \"I don't have any friends\" the woman replied quietly and looked at Mona who was looking back at her. Mona had no idea what they were talking about so she just gave her a big smile and a wave- which in return made Broomhilda even more confused. \"That's where you are wrong. You have a friend behind that door\" King pointed out. \"Will you promise to not scream when you see this friend\"? Broomhilda nodded. \"No, say I promise\". \"I promise\". \"You may come in\" King called out silently. The door opened and Broomhilda's eyes widened. \"Hey there little trouble-maker\" Django said with a smile. Mona had never seen him this happy. Broomhilda however gasped for air and collapsed on the floor. King tried to reach for her but Mona jumped in and pushed his hand away. \"I am a Doctor\" King said coarsely. \"You are a dentist, and I am an actual nurse\" she replied cheekily and checked Broomhilda's pulse, then got her to drink a sip of water. When she came to her senses, Broomhilda took refuge in Django's arms and wept like an infant. King and Mona looked away and started walking towards the adjacent room. \"It's alright, please stay\" Broomhilda raised her head and wiped away her tears. They listened to Django laying out the plan for her and promise that by tomorrow, they would be out of here. The woman got up and regretfully said she needed to go get ready for the dinner service. She had made her way to the door, and the men were already discussing which fighter they should bid on, when Mona approached Broomhilda. \"I have a favour to ask\". At the dinner table, once again the men were talking about Mandingo fights. \"...but your third best fighter. You will be practically forced to sell me your third best fighter if I make that ridiculous offer to you\". Mona wasn't listening. She was secretly observing Django and Broomhilda who were acting like little love fools and sneaking looks at each other. She fidgeted in discomfort. \"Twelve thousand dollars\" King exclaimed in self confidence. Candie banged on the dinner table with her hand, making most guests jerk in surprise. \"I'll be damned! Now that is a ridiculous offer\" he said smiling. He thought for a second, or pretended to. \"Doctor Schultz, you got yourself a deal\" he said as he raised his glass, and everyone followed. \"I'll call for my lawyer tomorrow once we go back to town, he can meet up with yours and do what lawyers do\" King replied smugly. Candie smiled and nodded. Mona thought he looked like a snake when he smiled. \"I must say Monsieur Candie, I am quite impressed by your Broomhilda\". \"Who? Oh yes, yes Hildi...I would say you must have been taken by that brown beauty, but I'm sure once you are married to someone as beautiful as your wife you don't even notice the rest of them\". The guests smiled at this and Lara continued: \"And I think Hildi is quite taken by our Django here. She can't take her eyes off of him\". Once again everyone smiled. Except Stephen. Mona watched his face fall as he started looking back and forth between the now obviously panicked Broomhilda and Django who was trying to be expressionless. Broomhilda went back into the kitchen, being followed by Stephen. Mona started panicking herself. It was obvious he made the connection. She tried to catch King's eyes but he was chatting with Candie about Dusseldorf and the German language. Mona watched Stephen come out of the kitchen with a stern face. \"That is why it would be quite pleasurable for me to have my wife speak German. Unfortunately, I don't have the time to teach her\". \"Calvin I need to talk to you\" Stephen said standing between Candie and Mona, who was seated to Candie's right. \"Stephen my boy, the Doctor and I are talking\" Candie scolded him. \"I really need to talk to you\" Stephen repeated and gave the Doctor a nasty stare. Mona's eyes widened in panic. There was no doubt to it-he knew. \"Well what is it\" Candie asked annoyed. \"It's private, it's ... about the dessert\" Stephen replied. Mona had to do something because both King and Django looked clueless as to what was going on. \"Well deal with the damn dessert yourself\". Stephen put his hand on Calvin's shoulder. Mona had to act now- do something,anything to prevent Stephen from informing him. \"I really need to talk about something import-\" but he couldn't finish his sentence since the offensive noise interrupted him. Mona started coughing her lungs out, and in the process \"accidentally\" knocking over her wine glass towards Stephen, \"Damn it\" Stephen exclaimed as his pants got ruined with the spilled wine. Mona was coughing like a maniac, turning red in the process, trying to put in words of apology in the middle of coughs. Still coughing, she discretely followed with her eyes Stephen leaving the room to probably change his trousers. Everyone around the table looked concerned asking her if she was alright- apparently her acting was working. Of course she didn't have to act that much to look like she was in pain. All the wheezing and the gasps for air came naturally to her because of the corset, and the pain on her back was very real. In the middle of coughs she managed to say \"I need air\" and reached her hand to King. King guided her to an open window. Concern could be read from his eyes. \"Try to calm down and slow down your breathing\" he said, everyone at the dinner table were watching them with equal concern. Mona placed her head on King's shoulder that faced the window. Still wheezing and coughing, it looked like the woman was trying to relax her lungs. However, her intention was different. In between a cough she whispered \"Stephen knows\". She noted how King's body got stiff with her words and that he must've heard her. She coughed again. \"Put down payment on fighter\". Another cough and a loud gasp for air. \"Downplay Broomhilda\". She coughed a bit more quietly now and removed her head from where she placed it. She cleared her throat and coughed a bit more, then cleared her throat again. \"I feel much better now\" she said as she returned to the table. \"Please accept my apologies, I had this horrible cold in the winter and the cough just seems to linger on\". As she finished her sentence Stephen walked in wearing a fresh pair of pants. \"Calvin I still need to-\" this time King interrupted him. \"As I was saying Monsieur Candie, Broomhilda is nice and all but we are here for a fighter; and I do not want you to change your mind tomorrow when I ride out of here. For this purpose I propose I pay you thousand dollars in advance, just to strengthen the business bond between us\". Calvin's eyes sparkled with delight. \"You do not need to doubt me and my intention to sell the fighter to you Doctor, but it is my personal rule to not turn down money when someone is trying to give it to me\" he stated as everyone laughed. \"What was it that you wanted Stephen\"? Stephen stared at the Doctor who was sipping on his wine with the most innocent expression on his face. \"Nothing\" Stephen said quietly.\"It's all good\". After dinner Mona expressed that she still needed some fresh air and went outside to the back garden; if she had to listen one more word of Lara and her interest in crotcheting she was sure she would die from boredom. She was smoking her cigarette in delight when she heard someone behind her. \"Miss Mona no wonder you cough like a coal mine worker, you shouldn't be smoking\" Candie approached her. This man made her so uncomfortable, nonetheless she smiled. \"What are we without our vices Monsieur Candie\"? \"Indeed\" replied Candie as he smiled. \"You make quite the pairing with the Doctor.. I can see that he is unabashedly in love with you\" this caused Mona's smile to grow wider. \"Tell me what was it that made you consider him as an husband\"? Mona thought for a second. \"His beard\". Candie burst into laughter. \"Really?\". \"Yes, I am drawn to impressive beards. Sometimes I walk down the street and see a man with an amazing beard and I am so taken by it-then I realize they are homeless\". Candie laughed uncontrollably. \"You are truly something else\" he said as his laughter died out. He stopped and looked at Mona, which made her feel like she was being watched by a predator. \"I still don't understand though, what you see in an old man\" he said as she gave him a confused look. \"Is it money? Because if it is..\" Candie opened his arms and pointed around. Mona's smile disappeared. \"It's getting chilly Monsieur Candie, I think I should go in\" she said and turned around, not giving the man a chance to reply. King was chatting with the dull lawyer when he watched Mona enter the room, only to be followed by Candie. He studied her with his eyes as she sat down next to Lara, listening and nodding as the Southern woman made small talk. He pondered upon why she had gotten progressively paler during this dinner, then decided that it was time for him to make his move. \"May I steal my wife away for a second Miss Lara\" he said as he took Mona's hand and rested it on his arm as she got up. They walked across the room and stood in front of the library. King knew that Candie was looking at them, but he couldn't decide which one of them he was watching. He took her hands in his. \"Was he giving you a hard time\" he asked silently. \"Nothing I can't handle\". \"He is watching us right now. At the end of my sentence I want you to nod compliantly- like a good wife would do\" he replied with a smirk. Mona gave him an amused stare, then nodded. To her surprise, King grabbed her by the hand and directed her towards Candie. \"Monsieur Candie, I have another proposition for you. As I said I miss hearing German so much, I was wondering if you could sell Broomhilda to me, so she could teach my wife some German\". \"Trying to improve your wife? I say she is perfect as she is\" Candie said maliciously. The woman looked away turning a little red; if this was any other man she would've already told him off by now. \"There is always room for improvement\" King replied. Mona tried to take no offense in that. \"Sure, sure take Hildi. But I must warn you: she's a bit of a runner\". It was past midnight when the guests announced that they wished to retire. Everyone was wishing goodnight to each other when King realized Mona had already gone upstairs. Chatting with Candie, he climbed up the stairs and bid him a good night. He was about the enter their room when he heard Broomhilda's voice. \"Doctor Schultz\"? He turned back the same time Candie did, he was curiously watching the scene. King wondered what he would do if Broomhilda was to say something that would reveal the purpose of their visit. \"The ointment Miss Mona asked for Sir\" she said as she handed him a jar and took off. Candie and King watched her disappear. The two men nodded at each other and went into their respective rooms. King stood in awe when he entered his. The back of Mona's dress was open and she was trying to undo her corset, heaving and trembling. King shut the door. \"Calm down\". \"Help me get out of this\" she exclaimed silently. It was obvious to the Doctor that she was having some sort of a panic attack. King reached for the strings and found them completely intertwined. She must have tangled them all in panic. \"This is quite the mess\" he said in apology. \"Just rip it open\" she hissed trying to inhale. Unable to understand why she was in such a nervous state, King shook his head and forcefully ripped the corset apart. He stood there stunned with what he saw. The entire construction of the corset was imprinted on Mona's back as a scar. All the metal hooks and the lining looked to be dug into her skin, leaving behind a trail of open wound. But something else was there. He watched Mona's heaving back and the part of the tattoo that adorned the left side of her waist. Long curved lines of something, perhaps tree branches? Why did she have a tattoo? \"Did Broomhilda give you an ointment\" Mona asked, bringing him back to reality. She was breathing calmer now. \"Can you put some of it on the scars\"? Anxiety and excitement filled him at the same time as he reached for the jar he left on the table. He took some of the odorless cream in his hands and placed them on her back. \"You are a doctor\" he said to himself. \"She is nothing but a patient who needs treatment\". But it felt like his whole being was melting with the heat coming off of her body. \"Thank you for that\" Mona said quietly. He removed his hands from her back. \"I'll turn around so you can get dressed\" King told her. She dropped her dress and the villainous corset on the floor and grabbed a shirt. She put it on and got in the bed. Laying on her back felt very painful, so she turned on her side. \"You can turn around now\" she said. \"I'm really sorry for your back.. I didn't know it would get like that\". \"It wasn't your fault\" Mona replied. \"Would you like me to close my eyes so you can get undressed\" she said as she smirked. King smiled and removed his jacket and his shoes. \"That's quite alright\" he said as he sat on the bed and propped his back on the headboard. \"Wasn't I extraordinary\" Mona asked. \"Hm\"? King looked at her with a confused expression. \"I basically saved the night. I was extraordinary\" she replied with a smile. King chuckled \"Yes I give you ten points for being extraordinary and zero for being humble\". She smiled \"I can live with that\". Her smile turned into a big yawn and she closed her eyes. \"You know you have a cavity\"? She opened her eyes with exhaustion. \"I do\"? King laid on his side as well and placed his hand on Mona's chin. \"Open\". She complied and King investigated. Her eyelids fell again. \"Are you sleeping with your chin in my hand\" King asked in amusement. \"Nah\" she mumbled, her eyes still closed. \"Yeah, maybe\" she admitted. \"Well, we may have to pull out this tooth in the back\". She immediately opened her eyes \" But it doesn't hurt\" she exclaimed. He let go of her chin. \"I'd be very gentle\" he said with a smirk. She returned the smirk and they stared at each other. Their heavy breathing were all that could be heard. The dark of her eyes were bewitching to him, he wanted nothing but to drown in those soft looking lips. He reached towards her, watching her young eyes full of anticipation. Young. That's what he was not. A strong sense of dread filled him immediately. He placed his lips on her head and planted a soft kiss. \"Goodnight\" he said as he turned the other side, leaving a very confused Mona behind. He shivered inside. The smell of hair lingered around him: Jasmine... He was in big, big trouble. I hope you have enjoyed these two chapters. I found it a bit difficult to write around events that were already written so perfectly, but I tried my best. Do tell me what you think about it. And I want to know the readers' opinions for the upcoming chapters: Smut, or no smut? You decide. Once more thank you so much for following, reading and reviewing.[Chapter 7] \" Basta \" said the sleepy voice. \"I'm afraid we have to go downstairs for breakfast right now\" King said coldly. This got him no response. \"Mona\"? Nothing. \"Mona\". Still silence \"MONA\"! \"God, just go by yourself! You do not need me to be around you every waking second do you\" she asked as she sat up in anger. They shared a silent moment, staring at each other the way two old enemies would. \"And what should I tell them about the absence of my wife \"? \"I don't know, I'm sure you'll figure something out\", Mona replied with her eyes squinted. King watched this angry face for a second, then nodded and left the room. Mona sunk back into the bed and sighed. Somehow this did not feel like a victory. What was wrong with that man? For the past few days Mona felt like they were getting closer. At first she didn't realize that he might have been interested in her, but since they started pretending to be married, the way he talked to her, held her hand, and even looked at her, started making her feel something between them. But then, what the hell was last night? Mona was no little girl, she knew desire, and recognized it when she saw it in a man's eyes. And then he gave her a kiss on the head! She turned on her side in anger and sighed. The worst part was that she really wanted to kiss him. Anger rose in her again; why was he the one to dictate the course of what were to happen between them? She was infuriated; she hated it when she felt as though she couldn't control her own course. On the same matter, what the hell was wrong with this Candie guy too? Seemingly gentle, this man acted like a manipulative sociopath would. And the way he made her feel like prey last night… Somehow she got even more furious, she should've told that pompous fool then and there he'd better watch his mouth. Mona threw the covers off, and got up to get dressed. Well, she was the master of her own path and no man was ever going to get the chance to reject her again, or make her feel helpless. She looked down to the floor. And no way in hell was she putting on that corset again. The conversation stopped as Mona walked into the room. \"Good morning; I apologize for my absence\". \"Do not worry darling\" King addressed her without adverting his eyes from his plate. \"I have already explained Monsieur Candie that your coughing fit last night must've worn you down.\" \"Your outfit is… lovely\" Lara said with distaste she couldn't hide. Mona was wearing a skirt like a proper lady would, but tucked inside the skirt was the plain white shirt she wore to bed. She was wearing her dark hair in two thick braids wrapped around her head; like the way her father told him Spanish women did. \"It is everything but Southern\" Mona replied with a smile as she sat down to the empty seat next to King. \"So Doctor, you still haven't informed me as to which day our transaction should take place\" Candie changed the subject. \"Sometime during the next week\" King replied coolly. \"That is very ambiguous isn't it\" Candie asked. Clearly he wanted answers when he wanted them. \"It will take my attorney a few days to get here\", King said with a smile. \"But Monsieur Candie, I'm starting to think that you doubt my intentions\" he continued acting a little offended. Mona caught her breath, and could have sworn she heard Django do the same as well. This was a risky thing to say. \"Of course not\" Candie replied as he grinned. Although he was smiling, he still looked annoyed, perhaps with the obvious confrontation. \"There is one thing my husband isn't Monsieur Candie\" Mona jumped in with a smile. She placed her hand on King's arm, causing him to turn and look at her. \"He certainly isn't a tease\"! As everyone laughed at this little inappropriate joke, King forced himself to smile. He looked at the woman smiling innocently and staring back at him. He was utterly irritated with how easily she could throw him off of his track. \"Monday, Monsieur Candie\" he said suddenly. Candie smiled in triumph. After the breakfast the men, minus Django, were having coffee and discussing politics when Candie excused himself. He strolled around his mansion, trying to find the dark haired woman. When he first met Mona he quickly thought that he could persuade a woman like hers into a quick affair. Women were prone to his good looks and status after all. And a woman like that, so recklessly self-indulgent, would be prone to be seduced by him. For these reasons, he was quite surprised to see Mona be offended by how he talked about her husband. He wasn't expecting loyalty as such from a woman that seemed so… occupied with herself. And this intrigued him. Calvin Candie loved puzzles. And enigmatic women: well, they were his weak spot. \"There you are\" Candie stated in delight, finding Mona in the reading room. \"Here I am\" she mimicked as she closed the book she was taking a look at. \"I must say you look positively stunning today. Who would've thought simple could be so beautiful\". Mona's nostrils flared in annoyance. This man was too much. \"Tell me Monsieur Candie, do you always lust after married woman\"? Candie chuckled in awe of this surprise confrontation. \"Not always\", he lit up his cigarette. \"Only if the woman in question is worth my time\". \"That's quite bold\". \"I'll take that as a compliment\" said Candie smugly. Mona rolled her eyes. \"Yet it certainly wasn't one\". \"Well, you are quite bold in return Miss Mona. And that is a compliment\" he replied, flashing one of his venomous looking smiles. \"I think we are ready to leave\", King's voice filled the room. They turned to find the Doctor standing by the door, coldly staring at the man shamelessly puffing on his cigarette. If looks could kill Candie would be in pieces right now. Suddenly, Mona felt incredibly guilty for no reason. She lowered her gaze and walked towards the door. Candie extended his hand as he approached King. \"Doctor Schultz, I will see you on Monday\". King nodded and shook his hand rather forcefully. Mona was about to leave the room when Candie grabbed her hand. \"And Miss Mona, perhaps fate will help us meet again\" he said with an evil grin as he planted a kiss on her hand. She saw the Doctor shift in anger from the corner of her eyes. She removed her hand immediately. \" Mister Candie\" she addressed him as she watched his face go sour. \"Thankfully, there is no such thing as fate\". An hour later, Candieland was way behind them and the four travelers were making their way towards the town. Broomhilda was sitting behind Django on his horse- her arms wrapped tightly around him, conversing about what their future possibly held for them. Since they left that cursed plantation behind, neither one of them ceased smiling. Behind them however, King and Mona were riding in silence. Mona was thinking about the events of the last night and this morning, but mainly how King reacted to them. She quietly sighed. The fact was that Mona had always been a softhearted person. Not only she assumed the best of people and situations, she also found it incredibly difficult to hold grudges. She watched how furious King got when he saw the way Candie was talking to her. Regardless of how he refused her last night, Mona thought that he must have had feelings for her. Why else would he get that upset? Certainly, that anger was not an act. She chewed her lip in anxiety. But why did he treat her that way last night? Was it just… shyness? Mona immediately felt better with the thought of this. That must've been it; he was just really shy. She shrugged and smiled wryly. She did like him, but she knew better than to deal with introverts. They were just… not her kind. She had never been the kind of person that waited around for others to catch up to her. Besides, her future held so much for her. She suddenly felt light; her usual confidence took over her again. \"I think we ought to celebrate tonight\", she said cheerfully. King looked at her in awe. It was incredible to him how quickly this woman shook off bad situations and sour feelings. There was always a nonchalant air about her; which captivated and intimidated him at the same time. But for now, he was just plain relieved. All morning he had been in a dark mood, thinking about what could've been. \"I think that is a brilliant idea\". Mona was standing by her horse, eyeing the bookstore across the street when King walked out of the hotel. \"I have convinced the keeper to give us rooms, however there are only two left\". \"Well one of those rooms are ours\" Django said with a smirk. \"I need my wife with me tonight\". Broomhilda giggled in delight. King turned to Mona, expecting an answer. \"Fine by me\" she shrugged; she wasn't even looking at him. \"I'll be back shortly. I have a few errands to run\". It was around dinnertime when Mona made it back to the hotel. She found her companions dining around the table in the room she was to share with King. \"We thought you left us\" Django exclaimed when he saw her walk in. They must have guessed that the people in the town wouldn't appreciate a mixed-race party eating together and opted out to stay in. Mona suddenly took out two bottles of very expensive looking champagne and smiled. \"And now we celebrate\"! Everyone laughed and cheered as she popped the cork of the bottle and poured it in glasses. She raised her glass and the others followed. \"A quadruple toast\" she started. \"To Django -For never giving up on love\". The man smiled and put his arm around his wife who was looking at him longingly. \"To Broomhilda\" Mona continued. \"For staying strong… And finally getting to go on that honeymoon she deserves\". Everyone smiled and cheered once again. \"To the reputable Doctor\" she said as she gave him a proud smile. \"For being the mastermind behind this ingenious plan\". \"And to me\" she concluded. \"For finally deciding to leave for Patzcuaro, Mexico tomorrow\"! \"Here here\" Broomhilda said and clinked her glass to Mona's. The men followed suit quietly. It was impossible for Django to not detect the frustration on his friends face. \"That's wonderful. You are going to Mexico\" Broomhilda asked. Mona took out a book from her bag, clearly new, and opened the page she marked down recently. The cover read Sharpe's Corresponding Atlas, Comprising Fifty-Four Maps, Constructed Upon A System of Scale And Proportion, From the most Recent Authorities . King looked at the leather bound book and the champagne bottles she brought back. Where did she find the money the buy these things? Then he realized he never received back the jewelry he gave her. \"Janitzio Island-\" she pointed to the map and showed it to Broomhilda and Django \"- right in the Patzcuaro Lake, apparently has the best day of the dead celebrations. I met a man down at the hardware store. He told me that they celebrate the lives of their deceased loved ones, and the entire island becomes one giant torch made out of thousands of candles at night\". \"Sounds beautiful\" Broomhilda said as she smiled. \"We are thinking of going North\". Mona stopped chugging champagne to talk \"I have friends in Boston. If you need a place to stay or if you want to find a job there, they would definitely help\"! \"That would be very useful\" Django replied gratefully. \"Mona\" Broomhilda turned to her. It made Django happy to see his wife really enjoy this woman's friendship, like the way he did. \"Have you ever been married\"? Mona raised her brows in surprise. \"No\" she replied honestly, and felt King's gaze on her. \"I almost did though\". \"You never told us that\" Django exclaimed. \"Because it isn't the most exciting or interesting story… I thought I could do it, then quickly realized I wouldn't be able to… There was just… still so much for me to see\". She shrugged and thought of the day she tried to explain these two men why traveling had become a way of existing to her. They didn't seem to get it then, so they probably wouldn't get it now. She looked away and sipped on her champagne. \"How about you Doctor\" Broomhilda asked again. Mona raised her head and looked at King across the table. He had been so quite all day long, and now he seemed even more to himself. \"Yes, I was once married\" the man replied to her surprise. \"Well, you never told me that either\" Django said. \"What happened to her\", Broomhilda queried. King sighed. He clearly did not want to have this conversation. \"Nothing. It just didn't work out\". An awkward silence followed. Mona realized Broomhilda was about to direct him another question when she jumped in. \"What the hell was wrong with that Lara\"? Django and Broomhilda laughed, distracted. Mona just did not want to make this man feel even more uncomfortable. \"I swear they must have given her a lobotomy and replaced her brain with crochet patterns\" Two hours later, everyone was full and quite buzzed; Broomhilda announced that it had been a long day. \"And we decided to leave early in the morning tomorrow\" Django continued. \"Well I don't get up early in the mornings\" Mona replied as she found a piece of paper and scribbled down a name and an address. \"This is my friend in Boston\", she said as she gave the paper the Broomhilda. \"If you need anything, or just want to make a new friend, find him\". \"We will\" Broomhilda said as she stood in front of the woman. Mona without an hesitation gave her a huge embrace. \"Be careful… and buy guns, at least three\" she joked. Django walked to her and gazed at her friend. The duo, in synch, went for a hug. \"Stay out of trouble\" Django said as they broke the hug. Mona's eyes were tearing up. \"Are you crying\" the man asked in disbelief. Mona quickly wiped away her tears and laughed \"No, shut up, you are crying\". Django flashed a genuine smile \"Send us a postcard… And thank you for entertaining me so much\". Mona matched his smile. He truly was going to miss her. He nodded and smiled to her as they left the room. They were going to see the Doctor in the morning, since he had no trouble waking up. With that, they were left alone. Mona wanted to just get to bed and be gone in the morning. This whole adventure had been one emotional mess for her. \"Could you turn around\", she asked as King put out his cigar. She did not want any more complications between them. She was leaving tomorrow anyway. When the Doctor turned away she unbuttoned her blouse and took out the ointment she had from last night as she sat down on the edge of the bed. Taking off her shirt, and trying to hold it against her chest in case King turned around, she managed to open the lid. She took a handful of the gooey stuff and tried to reach around to apply it on her scars. Writhing and struggling, she was too late to realize that the jar was slipping off the bed. It noisily dropped on the floor and disappeared. \"God! Fu… Damn it\" Mona cursed trying to see where it went. \"Could I assist you in anyway\"? She sighed in defeat. \"Could you find where the jar went\"? King turned around and quickly glimpsed at the woman with the bare back. Her scars were still there, but they seemed better. And that tattoo on the side of her waist: a jellyfish. He kneeled down to find the jar under the bed and picked it up. \"I can put it on your back again if you wish\". She nodded silently. Once again they were in the same situation. King sat on the edge of the bed as well and placed his hands on her back, trying to ignore the softness of her skin. Mona tried to remind herself that this man was not her match, and what she felt right now was just flesh wanting flesh. His hands still massaging her back \"What does your tattoo mean\" he asked in an attempt to break the heavy tension between them. \"It doesn't mean anything. It's just a jellyfish\". King wondered if he ever saw a tattoo on a woman. \"How did you get one then\"? \"I had a Japanese friend in London. And he gave this to me as a birthday gift\". \"Why did you choose a jellyfish\"? –And just how intimate were you with this friend- he wanted to ask, but kept quite. \"I don't know. Maybe because it doesn't have a great meaning. Just an ordinary creature in a sea of ordinariness\". \"Is that how you feel\" he queried. \"Maybe… I don't know, I don't take life… very seriously\". King pondered upon this for a moment. There it was again, that feeling that he was just seeing the tip of the iceberg. Where did this comment come from? Such a dark comment from such a seemingly light person. \"Do you have any tattoos\", Mona asked trying to keep the conversation going. His hands were electrifying; she had goose bumps all over her body. King stopped but kept his hands on her back. \"No, I'm an old man\". Mona turned around to face him. His musky smell, whisky and cigar, captivated her. The hell with it- she thought. Flesh wanted flesh. \"I don't think you're old\", she said. Their faces were an inch apart from each other. \"I think you are smart, and funny, and kind… and handsome\". A strand of her fell on her face. King removed it and tucked it behind her ear. \"You are bewitching\", he said as Mona smiled in sick anticipation. \"You have put a spell on me, and now… I can't sleep, or eat, or talk without thinking about you… Tell me what you want\". Mona furrowed her brows and smiled. \"What\"? \"I don't understand it… I don't understand what you want from me. Is it money\"? Mona's eyes widened in terror and anger as she pulled herself away from him. She quickly turned around and got off of the bed. King quietly watched her button her shirt on. She reached inside her bag, took out a pouch and placed it on the table. King already knew- the pouch contained the jewelry he had given her. He knew that she wasn't interested in money even before he said the words. He just… hated how she made him feel entirely out of control with his feelings. For this, he sat in silence. He needed to let this happen even if seeing her get away from him made his stomach churn. He was a man on his own, and letting this woman in would only be disaster. For this, he remained silent. Mona turned around and looked at the man sitting on the bed. Not an iota of guilt was present on his face. Her jaw clenched in fury. She stared at his ice blue eyes; King felt like her gaze was piercing into his soul. \"I don't know if you are old…\" she said as she was about to walk out the door but glared at him one last time \"…but your heart is clearly insufficient\". With that, she was out of the room. If she was going to cry, this man was not going to have the privilege to witness it. Now that I leave Tarantino's script behind, I want to make sure that the characters and events are staying believable. Your reviews, in that sense, have been incredibly helpful to me. So I want to thank everyone who took their time to review the last few chapters: you have no idea how insightful they have been. I hope you have enjoyed this single, alas long chapter update. Thank you for reading, following and reviewing. ","Summary":" Dr. King Schultz stopped knocking on the door. \"I'm afraid there seems to be no one home\". Him an"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"Keeping Time for the Timekeepers","Author":"Echelon8394","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8788239","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What if Philip and Michele Weis had a daughter before Sylvia who is far more rebellious? What if Fortis becomes a Minuteman in order to revenge to the system by timing out everyone who he thinks doesn't deserve them? What if Raymond Leon was not as cold as he is now? Chp 1 Raymond woke up to his nightmare again. He breathed out heavily and turned to his left. That side had been empty for a long time. His wife, Audrey had been timed out and was found in an alleyway in the ghetto. Someone cleared her clock, leaving Raymond to raise their son, Vincent alone. Raymond turned to his alarm clock – it was only 5.45 am. He was bound to get up anyway. He got up and went to another room where his son, Vincent or Vinny was snoring soundly. Vincent time started two years ago and last year he had joined as a Timekeeper. Raymond, who had been working for 50 years, was the happiest man to see his son got what he wants. Raymond walked to the kitchen and started the coffee. Then, he heard footsteps coming to his way. Vinny was rubbing his eyes, sleepily. Vincent Philip Leon was a chirpy man, unlike his father's cold demeanour. Both were lean and slender and had jet black hair, but Vinny had her mother's eyes who she had inherited from her father. Vinny was fond at chess and can be as reckless as Raymond when it comes to driving. Vincent also likes to eat A LOT, which sometimes made Raymond laugh because no matter how much Vinny ate, he will always remain fit, like Audrey. \"Want breakfast?\", asked Raymond. Vinny knew his father only showed his soft side at home and at work, it was the 'Cold-Stoic-Serious' Timekeeper Raymond Leon and Vinny simply shook his head. \"Nah, not that hungry right now\", said Vinny. Raymond looked at his son oddly. \"Not hungry? You're always hungry\", said Raymond. Audrey died when Vinny was only 10 and ever since, Raymond has been doing double duties just to make sure Vinny has everything he needed and Vinny felt like it's time for him to look after himself even though everyone knew he sucked at it. \"I'll get breakfast later, dad. Too sleepy to eat\", said Vinny as he hit his head at the counter table. Raymond put a cup of coffee in front of Vinny and said, \"Come on, we got work to do\". Vinny dunk in his coffee and got ready to go to work. The father and son hopped into the cruiser and headed for the Timekeeper HQ. They were greeted by Jaeger and Kors at the office. As Vinny was typing his report, which he hated, his stomach was grumbling and Jaeger and Kors were trying their best to cover their sninckering because Timekeeper Raymod Leon might shoot them for that. Raymond noticed his son's face as he tried to cover his hunger. Raymond got up and said to his son, \"Come on Timekeeper Leon\". Vinny got up and followed his father. They drove to a sandwich joint and Raymond went to get a sandwich for Vinny. \"Next time, eat!\", he said sternly. \"Sorry sir\", said Vinny, quietly. Vinny is always afraid of the 'Cold-Stoic-Serious' Timekeeper Raymond Leon. Everyone will expect him to be like his father and Vinny is trying his best to keep up. Then, they got dispatched to Dayton on a murder. They drove silently to Dayton as Vinny munched in his sandwich quietly. \"I'm sorry dad. I just don't want to trouble you anymore with myself\", said Vinny quietly. Raymond silenced himself. When they reached the crime scene, Raymond said, \"You're my son. It's my job to trouble myself with you even if you have grown up. As long as you live under my roof, you are my concern. Understand?\". Vinny nodded and said, \"Yes, father\". \"Good. Now, come on. We got work. Get the premium\", said Raymond as he had asked the dispatch to wire his premium. After Raymond, Vinny had the dispatch wired his premium so he had more time. Vinny always thought that the time is very ridiculous, but this is life. Life that everyone had to endure whether they were from New Greenwich or Dayton. Vinny saw Jaeger and Kors examined a man who was fished out of the river. \"Henry Hamilton. Last time, people saw him he had a century in his clock\", said Jaeger. \"Well, around here they'll kill you for a week\", said Raymond. Vinny examined the dead man and he thought what he could do with a century. \"What I was thinking that he might've brought this on himself\", said Jaeger. \"Interesting\", said Raymond, \"How long have you been keeping time, Jaeger?\". Jaeger shrugged and said, \"Five years\". \"Let me know what you think when you have been doing it for 50\", said Raymond and that got Vinny to smirk at his father's remark. \"It doesn't matter why he came here. What matter is that where were the 100 years that came with him\", said Raymond. Jaeger thought for a while and said, \"Gotta be a witness\". \"Trust me, no one saw anything\", said Raymond as he paced around with hands behind his back. Vinny scanned the areas for clues. \"What would you like us to do sir?\", asked Kors. \"What we always do, follow the time\", said Raymond as he walked back to his car. \"Timekeeper Leon!\", Vinny called his father, although it seemed awkward, but work and family has to be separated. Raymond walked over to his son and Vinny pointed a CCTV at the bridge. \"Think that'll show us something?\", said Vinny. Raymond smiled proudly. \"Good job, Timekeeper Leon. Kors! Jaeger! See if that camera recorded anything from the last 24 hours\", said Raymond. \"Yes, sir!\", said Kors and Jaeger as they moved to their cruiser and left the crime scene. Vinny and Raymond went to their cruiser to head back to HQ. \"Hey Ray!\", a woman from across the bank called Raymond, \"I'll give you 10 minutes for an hour\". Vinny hated it when that woman talked to his father like that. \"When you wanna get out of the game, Layla? You gotta be pushing 60\", said Raymond and Vinny was trying his best to hide his smug face. \"Thanks for letting everyone know!\", said Layla, clearly pissed off and walked away. Then, the father and son drove back to HQ.[Chapter 2] Chp 2 Michele Weis sat in a bedroom that had been empty for a long time. Today had marked the day that her eldest daughter, Audrey had died. Someone timed her out and left her in an alleyway at the ghetto. 17 years ago, she had cried so hard. Audrey was an obedient girl, but rebellious at some point. Michele knew her daughter had loved the then rookie Timekeeper Raymond Leon. Michele had given them her consent, but Philip didn't. He never approved Audrey with Leon and when Audrey took the matter into her own hands, Philip disowned her. It broke Michele's heart when Philip didn't even attend Audrey's funeral. \"I love you; mother, but father can't keep me away from Ray. I'm so sorry it had to be this way\" , Michele remembered what Audrey had told her when she left the house. Audrey was independent. Michele knew that. Sylvia was a little young to remember her older sister, but Philip had warned her to never mention Audrey after Audrey had left the house. Occasionally, Michele and her mother, Clara slipped away from New Greenwich and went to visit Audrey and Raymond at the middle class area. Back then, Michele smiled to see her daughter happy with Raymond. She even paid for their quiet wedding reception, which Michele failed to mention to Philip since he couldn't care less. Michele knew Audrey and Raymond had a son named Vincent Philip Leon, but couldn't come to visit since she was assigned more guards. Somehow, Michele thought Philip might know her little visits to Audrey and had prevented Michele from doing so anymore. Michele love Philip, but hate him for disowning his own daughter. \"Mother?\", she heard Sylvia called her and quickly wiped her tears away. \"I'm in here, sweetheart\", said Michele. Sylvia was always afraid to come in here. This is where her mother had come to find solitude from her social life and Sylvia was afraid to intrude this room for that. Sylvia sat down next to her mother as she handed a white rose to her mother. \"Today marked another year\", said Sylvia. Although Audrey was rarely mentioned; but Sylvia knew about Audrey. When Philip had gone to work, Michele and Clara would take turn to tell all about Audrey to Sylvia, but Audrey had left out Vincent from the story. She didn't want Philip to find out. All of Audrey's photos were put in this room and Philip never wanted to see them out from that room. Occasionally, Sylvia would come in when everyone had gone to bed to try on Audrey's dresses and try to be her, but Sylvia knew she was different from Audrey and could never be her. Michele took the flower and placed it at the nightstand where Audrey's photo with Raymond was situated. \"It's nice of you, Sylvia\", said Michele as she hugged her daughter, her only daughter left. \"No one knew who timed her out?\", asked Sylvia. \"Ray tried to find, but all the evidence led to a dead end\", said Michele. \"I wish I could know her\", said Sylvia. \"She would've want the same thing\", said Michele. Sylvia kissed her mother and left her to her own thoughts. After a while, Michele was startled when Philip placed his hand on her shoulder. She must've dozed off. \"How long have you been here?\", asked Michele. She hated him for intruding Audrey's room when she's in here. He had despised her, so what is the point to be in this particular area of the house? \"A few minutes ago, I didn't have the heart to wake you up\", said Philip and Michele gave a snort. Yeah, right he didn't have a heart. Michele walked by past him and left the room with Philip trailing behind her. (Somewhere else) A blond man was drinking his Bourbon in a quiet bar. Today marked another year. Fortis remembered the funeral well. He was angry to whoever timed out Audrey Leon. He had interrogated most of the scums in Dayton, but he met a dead end. Her murder was concealed and whoever murdered her must have high motive. She was the daughter of one of the biggest time-loaning businessman, but he knew she was cut out from the family the day she decided to stay with Raymond Leon. Fortis smirked to himself. Out of many people, Audrey fell in love with a Timekeeper, but he didn't care less. She was his friend and most importantly, they were like brother and sister. To lose a sister had caused his heart to shatter and his anger to rage. Unlike Raymond, he had used his own dirty ways to extract information out of people, but like Raymond, both had found dead ends. Fortis dunk in his final glass before leaving the bar and as he walked out he looked up in the sky. \"I'm sorry, Audrey. I can't seem to bring you justice by finding who timed you out\", he said as he walked towards his car and wait for his Minute Men to finish whatever it was they were doing. (Someplace else) At the end of their shifts, the Leons' had found themselves standing in front of a grave. Vinny placed the bouquet of flower in front of it and said, \"Miss you mum\". Vinny stood next to his father and asked, \"Do you miss her, dad?\". \"Every second I can count, Vinny\", said Raymond. \"The house feels empty without her. It's too quiet without her naggings and her everyday cheerful words. I miss her dad\", said Vinny as he wiped a tiny tear from his left eye. Raymond pulled his son into his arms and patted his head. \"We'll see her. One day we will\", said Raymond. After a moment of silence, Vinny's stomach grumbled and Raymond rolled his eyes with a smile. \"My bad\", said Vinny with a chuckle. The father and son headed back to their cruiser and was about to get something to eat until dispatch had informed them that they are needed back at HQ.[Chapter 3] Chp 3 Raymond and Vinny arrived back at HQ with Jaeger and Kors found the footage, minutes after Henry Hamilton's death. As they watched back the footage, Jaeger said, \"He's fast\". \"He gonna have to be\", said Raymond. \"Anyone has to be fast with time like that\", said Vinny. \"Camera doesn't show how the body got into the river\", said Kors. \"What do we really know?\", said Jaeger. Raymond sighed and said, \"What do we know? We know that most theft in Dayton mounted hours to days. Well, this was a century\". Vinny studied the huge screen and said, \"No more circulation\". \"He could've capsuled the time\", Kors stated. Raymond shook his head and said, \"You can't hide 100 years in the ghetto. I can sense when a man is worth more than he should\". Vinny kept looking at the big screen. Where is he? Vinny, Kors and Jaeger went to their respectives computer to dig in some more information while Raymond went somewhere else. There are times when Vinny didn't tag along with his father and he knew that Raymond has his own personal reasons. \"Got it!\", Jaeger exclaimed and Vinny and Kors scooted to Jaeger's side. The trio read out and when Raymond returned, they laid out what they have found. \"Sir, we got something\", said Jaeger as the trio ran towards Raymond and walked with him. \"If you turned back the time back to Hamilton's death and look at the time checked in\", said Kors and Vinny continued, \"Someone spent years to cross four different time zones from Dayton…\", and Raymond continued which he had guessed, \"To New Greenwich\". \"Camera's picked up on his suspicious behaviour. He's conscience of the surveillance, he doesn't have a body guard and he runs\", Raymond had deduced. \"But if he has time, then he doesn't need to run\", said Jaeger. \"It's a hard habit to break\", said Raymond. They walked till they reached a woman Timekeeper who was helping out with the surveillance and found a match. \"His name is Will Salas\", said the woman. Vinny looked over his father and noticed that his father had no reaction. Did his father know this man? \"Do you know him?\", Jaeger asked Raymond. \"No\", said Raymond as he shook his head, \"But I remembered his father\". \"How did you know him?\", asked Vinny. \"His father died doing something dangerous…, like what he's doing now\", said Raymond. Vinny and Raymond headed out for lunch until he noticed his father's time. Raymond, who noticed that Vinny's watching his left arm, held out his right arm as he drove back to HQ and said, \"Dispatch, wire me my premium\", and time on his clock was added. Vinny gave out a sigh of relief. \"When I said you're my concern, that doesn't make me your concern\", said Raymond. \"I know you would say that, but I can never imagine life without you dad. When mum died, it was like hell. You were crying and if you died, I might as well become like that and you know I suck at taking care of myself…, because all my life I have been dependent on you\", said Vinny. Raymond parked the cruiser in front of the HQ. He took a second to ruffle out Vinny's nicely combed hair as he always does and Vinny loved the gesture. \"You're my son. I don't mind if you have to cling on me even if when you get married, you're still my little boy\", said Raymond. \"Yes, sir\", said Vinny with a smile. That night, after being stiff due to sit down to look over the surveillance and munching down some Chinese and sandwich, Vinny had found a footage of Will Salas entering Philip Weis' property for a private party. When his father returned from the chief's office, Vinny, Jaeger and Kors showed the footage to him. \"This was tonight\", said Jaeger. Raymond took a second to inspect and quickly walked away with the trio followed him from behind. \"He's only an hour ahead of us\", said Raymond. They brought back-up to the Weis property in investigate that man. When they arrived, they simply burst in. That's another thing Vinny like, to simply walk in like a boss. Vinny saw the look on the owner, Philip Weis' face as he looked to the Timekeepers, especially his father with the look of hate. He did wonder, but then again, who likes the Timekeeper? Well, except his mum, though. \"It's alright everyone\", said Philip as he tried to calm his guest. Philip turned his attention to Raymond and asked, \"What's this all about?\". Raymond never tell Vinny who his maternal grandparents are for two reasons – one, he simply hate Philip Weis for disowning his daughter just because she wanted to marry out of love and two, because he had promised Michele Weis, his mother-in-law to never mention anything about them. Michele always feared of what Philip might do if he found out. Raymond, with a stoic face, said, \"I'm sorry for having to break up the party Mr Weis; but I just need a word with your friend\". Raymond gestured to Will. Philip looked over to Will and nodded. Jaeger and Kors dragged Will by the arms upstairs to the office for privacy and Raymond and Vinny followed from behind. When they reached the office, Jaeger and Kors made Will sat down and rolled his sleeve. Vinny peeked and saw he had more than a thousand years. Jaeger and Kors stepped back while Vinny stood by the door and Raymond dragged the chair in front of him slightly to the back and sit. This was going to be a long night, thought Vinny.[Chapter 4] Chp 4 Raymond sat down and said, \"I'm Timekeeper Raymond Leon\". \"I'm Will Salas\", said Will. \"I know\", said Raymond as he twiddle around his thumb, \"What are you doing in this zone?\". \"It's not illegal is it? To change time zones?\", asked Will, even though he knew the answer. \"No it's not illegal\", said Raymond, \"It's just…, rare\". Vinny studied the man as he showed no sign of anxiety or being nervous at all. Then, there was a moment of silence. \"Where did you get them?\", Raymond asked. \"I won it…, gambling\", said Will. Vinny scoffed silently. \"All of it?\", asked Raymond. Will's face changed and he said, \"No…. A man named Henry Hamilton gave it to me\". He kept quiet for a few second and he said again, \"He said he didn't need it anymore. He timed himself out\". \"Henry Hamilton is worth thousands of years. He could particularly live forever\", said Raymond, \"Did you expect me to believe that he was immortal and he wanted to die?\". \"I don't expect you to believe it, but it's the truth\", said Will. He could be right, thought Vinny. \"It was a gift. I'm not a thief\", said Will again, \"But hey, if you're looking for stolen time, maybe you should arrest everyone here\". \"I see. You're talking about justice\", said Raymond. He stood and started to pace, which Vinny knew his style of interrogation – to pace around like a predator circling around its prey. \"I'm a Timekeeper. I don't concern myself with justice. I only concern myself with what I can measure; seconds, minutes, hours…. I keep time…, and the time is at the wrong hands\", said Raymond and he went straight to the door. Vinny moved out of the way and opened the door for Raymond. Jaeger and Kors confiscated Will's time; leaving only two hours for booking and processing. As Vinny, Raymond, Jaeger and Kors were about to leave, Will said, \"Why investigate a suicide? There's mass murder in the ghetto every day\". Raymond and Vinny stopped while Jaeger and Kors left the room. Raymond turned around and said, \"That's fascinating. I heard a man talked like that…, about 20 years ago. You were probably too young to remember your father\". By mentioning the word father, Vinny saw the change in Will's face. \"Transport will be here soon\", said Vinny. \"This is New Greenwich after all\", said Raymond as he patted Vinny's shoulder. When the two walked out of the room, Philip Weis was there waiting for answers. \"Go get the cruiser ready\", Raymond whispered to Vinny. Vinny heard the tension between Philip Weis and his daughter and Vinny turned around. He met eye to eye with Philip and Philip gave out a horror look, as if he saw a ghost. Vinny turned his attention to where he was walking and shrugged. When he was about to leave through the front door, he heard screaming. Vinny turned around to see Will was escaping. He got out his gun and rushed back up, but Will was faster and he kicked Vinny. Vinny fall backwards and hit two other Timekeepers in the process. \"Stop!\", he heard his father yelled. Vinny quickly got back up and he rushed to the cruiser. He hopped into the passenger seat while Raymond went for the steering wheel. Then, Will's car sped through the compound and left the property and Raymond and Vinny chased them followed by other Timekeepers, only Raymond was faster and crazier on the road. \"Are you ok?\", asked Raymond as he drove. Vinny felt sudden pain at his neck and back; he said, \"Nothing that I can't manage\". Vinny saw there was someone on the passenger seat and it's a woman. \"He took a hostage?\", asked Vinny. \"Sylvia Weis\", said Raymond and he hit the back of Will's car, causing them to spin around and Will driving backward. \"He's crazier than you on the road, dad\", said Vinny and Raymond smirked at his son's remark. Suddenly, Will managed to turn back to the right track, only Vinny realised it was to avoid an incoming truck. The next thing Vinny knew that his father had pulled him into his arms as they crashed to the truck. Raymond let his son go as he watched Will and Sylvia escaped. \"You ok, dad?\", Vinny asked. \"Never better\", said Raymond. They sat down for a minute to take a breath and Vinny said, in order to break the silence, \"Another cruiser wrecked. Maybe I should drive on the next chase\". \"Not when you're still a rookie, junior\", said Raymond as he and Vinny laughed at themselves while waiting for other Timekeepers to show up. (Somewhere else) ' It's him. It was him. My little Vinny' , Michele thought as she sat outside at the over-sized patio and watched the starry sky. Guests were sent home after the incident. Her grandson was all grown up and following Raymond's footsteps. She didn't mind at all, but she hoped that they found her daughter. Losing Audrey was enough already. \"Michele\", she heard Philip called her and Michele turned to glare at him, clearly wanted to be alone. \"It's cold out here. I don't want you to catch sickness\", said Philip. Michele got up and was about to walk back in when Philip grabbed her arm. \"Leon never remarried right?\", asked Philip. \"No. He loved Audrey so much that he never remarried. Why?\", said Michele. \"Audrey and Leon don't happened to have…, any children right?\", asked Philip. Michele kept a straight face, but deep down, she panicked. Michele did catch a glimpse at Vinny; the boy looked exactly like his father except for the eyes. Audrey inherited Philip's eyes which were now passed down to Vinny. She prayed to God that this lie will help and she said, \"No…, and if she did, I would've known. Why would you care?\". \"Curious\", said Philip as he let his wife's arm go. \"Even if she did, I would never let you come near them\", she said and her words were like venom to Philip's ears. He despised the Timekeepers and people associated with them, but Audrey loved one of them. Even that he hate his daughter's decision to be with Raymond Leon.[Chapter 5] Chp 5 Fortis's trap worked and now he got himself some prey. The passengers were Sylvia Weis and Will Salas. He hated Philip Weis. The man had made Audrey suffocated and when Audrey died, he had vowed to time out people like Philip Weis, but this is Sylvia. Fortis didn't know the rest of Audrey's family, but when his goon said that Sylvia had a decade with her; it was too good to pass. ' Sorry Audrey, but you know old habits die hard' , Fortis thought as he cleaned out Sylvia's time, but was halted when they heard the siren of the Timekeeper's cruiser. He left with his goons, leaving Sylvia only with 32 minutes. (Elsewhere) Vinny didn't realised he had fallen asleep at his desk. Raymond had told him to go home, but he refused. Raymond did drag him to the ER to check on his injuries and luckily the doctor gave Vinny the clearance to work again because his fall didn't cause any injury, just some bruises. By the time he woke up, he smelled freshly bake bread and a freshly brewed of coffee. \"Timekeeper Leon was right\", Vinny heard Kors said with Jaeger snickering. \"My dad was right about what?\", asked Vinny as he stretched from his sleep. \"That you can be woken up by the smell of food\", said Jaeger. \"Well, that's obvious, since he's my dad\", said Vinny as he took the first bite of the bread. \"Speaking of him, where is he?\", asked Vinny. \"Chief wanted to know our progress on the Salas case\", said Kors. At noon, Raymond got back and called out for his son. \"Where are we going?\", asked Vinny as he kept up with his father. \"Patrolling; he had to hide the car somewhere. Think you remember the make and model and the colour?\", asked Raymond. Vinny smirked and said, \"I can draw a blue print if you want me to, dad\". \"That's my boy\", said Raymond as he ruffled Vinny's hair. They drove to a burger joint before starting their patrol. After driving for a while, Raymond stopped the car abruptly when Vinny saw the car that Will drove in a huge drainage ditch. Vinny called for back-up and finished his burger. Within minutes, Jaeger, Kors and other Timekeepers arrived. Raymond and Vinny took their time premium before left their car. \"Cutting it close again sir?\", asked Kors. \"Well, I'm still walking around\", said Raymond. The four of them inspect the car and Raymond said, \"Judging by the lack of dead bodies, I have to assume they are also\". Jaeger inspected the tyres and said, \"They got jacked. Could've left here with more than minutes\". \"He's back in his own neighbourhood\", said Kors. \"So, when do you want us to start looking?\", asked Jaeger. \"We don't…, they'll come to us\", said Raymond. Vinny and Raymond left the scene with Jaeger and Kors back to the Weis property to set up the bug in the phone so they could track Will. They arrived there and Jaeger and Kors went straight to set up the bug for the line while Vinny helped them out and Raymond stood watching the scenery; hands behind his back. Philip and Michele Weis sat patiently waiting for the ransom call. \"Is it working?\", Kors asked. Vinny checked and nodded. \"We're good to go\", said Vinny. \"Now, we wait\", said Raymond. Later, the phone rang. Philip picked it up, but then he passed it to Raymond. \"Hello Will\", said Raymond, \"How much do you want?\". Kors and Jaeger kept the headphone on while Vinny began tracing the call. After a long talk, the call was hung up. Vinny heard his father said before the call was hung up, \"I'm afraid, Will, if you're gonna keep talking like him, you're gonna die like him. Please don't make your father's mistake\". When the call ended, they got the location – Patrick Plaza, Dayton. \"A thousand years to their timelines\", said Raymond as he handed back the phone to Philip. \"A thousand years?\", said Philip with disbelief. \"It's nothing. It's for our daughter\", said Michele. Sylvia was the only thing she had left. Raymond was hoping, behind his stoic face, that Philip paid the ransom, so Sylvia would not meet Audrey's end. \"No, it's for them\", said Philip. Vinny and Raymond looked at each other and they knew Philip would not pay 1000 years as ransom. Vinny and Raymond left for Dayton while Jaeger and Kors stayed behind in case another call came in. When they were safe in their cruiser and driving away, Vinny said, \"Asshole. Couldn't pay for his daughter's life\". After driving for a while, Raymond said, \"I'd rather give my whole time just to see you safe\". \"I know that. I would do the same thing for you\", said Vinny. They arrived in Dayton and patrolled the area, but no signs of Will or Sylvia. They patrolled till night fall and still no sign of them. Vinny's eyes began to tire him, but he tried to fight back and Raymond noticed this. \"You need to keep up, Vinny. Don't fall asleep just yet\", said Raymond. \"I'm trying my best, sir\", said Vinny as he tried to stifle his yawn, but failed miserably. Raymond chuckled and shook his head. They drove through shortcuts. \"Dad, how do you know the shortcuts?\", asked Vinny, but Raymond didn't answered his son's question. \"Did you grow up here, dad? Before you become a Timekeeper and met mum?\", Vinny asked again. \"Life was hard, Vinny and I managed to get out and I'm trying to keep you from living like me\", said Raymond. \"Sorry I ask\", said Vinny. \"You can ask. When I was here I vowed to get out of here to find a better life and when I have children, I don't want them to suffer like how I did. Do you understand that?\", said Raymond as he explained to his son. \"Yes, father\", said Vinny. \"Good. Now, how about a midnight snack to keep you awake?\", asked Raymond. Vinny smiled. Raymond knew his son was easily bought with food.[Chapter 6] Chp 6 Vinny didn't realise that he had fell asleep until his father had stopped the car so suddenly. When he woke up, it was morning and he saw his father was eyeing something. Vinny looked over to where his father was looking and he saw Sylvia Weis talking on the phone and Will was sitting on the curb. \"Stay here\", Raymond said sternly. \"But…\" before Vinny could continue, Raymond said, \"No buts, Vinny. Just stay here\". This was one of his father's reckless stunts. Vinny stayed behind as Raymond walked and aimed his gun. Vinny wired his premium along with his father's to his time, just in case anything bad happened, but he already felt uneasy. Vinny left the car and he saw Sylvia saw his father. Vinny ran and pushed his father just in time to catch the bullet from the gun at Sylvia's hand. Raymond thought his heart had stopped for a moment went he saw his son fell down, catching the bullet that was meant for him. He quickly picked up himself and his gun and found himself at gun point by Will while he pointed his gun to Will. \"Give me your gun\", said Will. Raymond's eyes strayed to Vinny for a second and he saw Sylvia pointed her gun to Vinny while Vinny used his good arm to aim from the ground. \"Not a chance\", said Raymond. \"Give me your gun and your partner lives\", said Will. \"Don't do it sir! I'm fine!\", Vinny yelled. \"Don't do anything stupid, Vinny\", said Raymond as he slowly handed Will his gun. Sylvia wanted to grab Vinny's gun, but Vinny fired once, aiming just inches away from Sylvia's face, scaring her. \"Sylvia, come on!\", Will shouted as he ran to the cruiser. The duo left with the cruiser and Raymond remembered that he only had minutes in his time. \"Next time, stay when I told you to!\", said Raymond, angrily. \"You're welcome, sir\", said Vinny, sarcastically as he wired his father's premium to his clock. \"You're welcome again that I remembered to get those\", said Vinny as he held his bleeding arm. \"I'm sorry, Vinny. I didn't mean to be angry\", said Raymond as he adjust his son's arm around his shoulder. \"I know that. Can we get out of here now?\", said Vinny. They were about to head for the phone, but the Dayton people snapped the cord. \"Please tell me that we have a plan B\", Vinny gulped as this was his first time getting shot in Dayton and with their cruiser getting jacked. \"Come on, we'll walk\", said Raymond as he and Vinny walked towards the border with Vinny holding on to his father for support. # \"Timekeepers lived day to day. It'll be hours before the others show up. They could die in the ghetto\", said Will. Sylvia was worried, not because she shot a Timekeeper, but the man was so familiar. Sylvia didn't know Raymond Leon that well; but the other Timekeeper did look like her sister's lover and he had her eyes. Could he be Audrey's son? 'I'm so sorry Audrey. I didn't mean to shoot him' , thought Sylvia as she felt guilty shooting the Timekeeper. (At the border, sometime later) Vinny and Raymond finally arrived at the border. \"Timekeeper, what's the hurry?\", Vinny heard a woman yelled at them. \"Yeah, stay for a while! You might like us if you get to know us!\", yelled a man. Then, Vinny saw a group of people blocking their way and he was worried that they would rob their time. Then, a cruiser showed up and it was Jaeger. \"Back off!\", Jaeger ordered while holding his gun. Jaeger saw Vinny's arm was dripping with blood. \"You've been shot. I was worried that the two of you would time out\", Jaeger said as he inspected Vinny's hand and was surprised to see that he had a lot of time. \"Where did you get that?\", asked Jaeger. \"The premium you twit\", said Vinny, annoyingly. \"To the hospital, Jaeger\", said Raymond and the trio drove away. Vinny got himself patched up before the trio headed back to HQ. During lunch, Vinny told his father that he had lost his appetite and this concerned Raymond. \"You wanna go home and get some rest?\", asked Raymond. \"I felt so powerless because I just laid there on the ground\", said Vinny. \"Don't think like that. It's good enough that you took the bullet for me. I was the one who was supposed to do that\", said Raymond. Vinny nodded solemnly and Raymond sighed. \"Why don't you take a break? Tonight, we'll go to Weis' office to inform him of his daughter's action and then, we'll go home, ok?\", said Raymond. \"Ok\", Vinny said quietly. \"Lunch for the heroes!\", Raymond and Vinny heard Jaeger yelled from the stairs, bringing the Leons some lunch and Raymond could hear Vinny's stomach grumbling. So much for losing his appetite. That night, the father and son headed out to Philip's Weis' office and when they arrived, Philip Weis was discussing with his investors via phone calling. He ended the phone call and turned his attention to Raymond and Vinny. Vinny and Raymond inspect the board where the time is being invested. \"Timekeepers, after this regrettable incident, I'm sure it's not necessary for you to come in person\", said Philip Weis. \"I'm afraid it really is necessary\", said Raymond as he walked and stood in front of Philip. Vinny simply turned around without moving away from his spot. Philip was confused and asked, \"When can we expect a rescue?\". \"I believe that's the point. She didn't clearly want to be rescued. You can ask my partner here\", said Raymond as he pointed out the cast on Vinny's arm. Philip sighed and said, \"Mr Leon…. Raymond, can I call you Raymond?\". Although he had despised the man, but this situation must maintained professional. Raymond didn't give any respond to Philip's question. \"I blame myself\", said Philip, \"I invited the man into my home. He has time, how am I supposed to know? Of course, Sylvia had brought this on herself by her lack of vigilance. That's why I tried to keep her close\", said Philip. He had tried to do so with Audrey, but he failed. He thought Sylvia wouldn't follow Audrey's footsteps, but he was wrong. \"But she clearly was under Will Salas' control\", said Philip. Raymond knew that the Weis patriarch always want the last word and Raymond just stared down at him. Vinny who was watching wanted to snicker, but that would be unprofessional. Vinny noticed that Philip was looking at his clock. \"If it's a matter of resources, I'm happy to make some contribution. It's a scandal and we'd be happy to pay our Timekeepers\", said Philip. \"I have issue a warrant for your daughter's arrest. If she contacts you and you assist her in any way, I will issue a warrant for your arrest\", said Raymond and Vinny gave out a smug. Philip knew that the man that his daughter once loved is the type that never back down from a fight. Philip stood from his seat, proudly, and sighed. \"There's nothing that I cannot buy\", said Philip, \"Now, how many of my years do you two want?\". Vinny cursed under his breath. No one can bribe his father or him, no matter if they have lots of years on their clock. Raymond hated this man to the core of his heart. \"None of them. Not even in your lifetime, Mr Weis. Good night\", said Raymond and thankfully that this little meeting was over. He gestured the exit to Vinny and like an obedient son, he trailed behind his father. He took a glance at Philip before leaving the office and Philip knew that this Timekeeper had something to do with someone that he had knew in the past.[Chapter 7] Chp 7 Vinny couldn't sleep that night. His arm throbbed slightly. He didn't want to wake his father up because he needed his sleep. Vinny headed to the kitchen to get a glass of water to go with his pain killers. \"Couldn't sleep?\", Vinny was startled by his father, nearly dropping his glass of water. \"My arm hurt a little. Did I wake you?\", Vinny asked. Raymond shook his head and said, \"I couldn't sleep either\". The father and son sat on the couch in silent until Raymond took the album on the coffee table and flipped through it. Most of them were pictures of his younger years with Audrey and occasionally, there's Fortis who interrupted. \"Who is that, dad?\", Vinny asked. \"Your mother's old friend, Fortis, who's the head of the mob called Minute Men\", said Raymond as he was focusing on a particular picture; a close-up on Audrey kissing him while he was asleep. \"Minute Men? You mean those thugs who robbed time and look really classy?\", asked Vinny again and Raymond nodded. He flipped some more and found a picture of him sleeping on the rocking chair while cradling a sleeping Vinny who was still a baby back then. \"Where did the time went?\", said Vinny. \"It flies, Vinny. It flies so fast when we aren't looking\", said Raymond. The two of them sat there looking at the photo until they fell asleep. Raymond dreamed that he was in his old car that he and Audrey had salvaged and was now stuck at the garage of his house. He was lying down at the backseat with Audrey who was fast asleep. He knew he was dreaming. He rested his hand on her swollen belly. Raymond remembered that he was taking the day off and he brought Audrey, who was six months pregnant to the beach because she was longing to soak herself in the sea and the sun. The next thing Raymond knew, he phone rang and it was Jaeger, informing them of a time robbery. Raymond shook Vinny's shoulder lightly and told him to get ready. After a record time, the father and son hopped into their cruiser in their uniforms as Raymond sped to the crime scene. (Somewhere else) Fortis's driver was turning around the corner as he saw what happened at the bank. People were taking time from the safe and in the nick of time, the Timekeepers arrived. Fortis told his driver to slow down as he examined the Timekeeper. He saw Raymond Leon, Audrey's husband and he saw another one that looked like Raymond except for the eyes. ' Could it be?' , thought Fortis. The last time he saw Audrey was when she was pregnant. He's not familiar with this new Timekeeper. He had Raymond's look and body figure, but his eyes were completely Audrey's. Fortis could've sworn it. \"Anything interesting, boss?\", asked his driver. \"No…. Just keep driving\", said Fortis as they drove away. Meanwhile, Raymond saw the capsules scattered all over the road. \"Get out of here or I'll confiscate every second!\", Raymond yelled to the Dayton people. The four of them examined the crime scene and Jaeger said, \"Must've thought it was a drive-thru\". \"What do we do?\", asked Vinny. \"As we always do, we follow the time\", said Raymond. Back at HQ, Raymond was talking to the chief via phone call, \"Yes sir, I do know that, sir. There are years that shouldn't be there. I will stop him, sir\". He handed that phone back to Jaeger and said, \"Doesn't he understand? He's hurting the very people he's trying to help\". Then, he walked outside to clear his mind. When Raymond's out of sight, Jaeger said, \"Usually father and son are like twin and here you are being the opposite\". Vinny just shrugged and said, \"You met my mum. Can't you tell?\". (Meanwhile) Fortis stopped a Dayton factory worker. He knew this man and he knew that this man had to do with Audrey's murder. \"Well now, look at that\", said Fortis as he saw the man's clock. \"Yeah, funny that I had the time to buy this\", said the man as he pulled out the gun. Whoever hired this man must've told him to take precautionary steps. \"I just hope you might do something you might not regret\", said Fortis. The man smug and said, \"I will remember that\". \"How about 17 years ago? Right here, in this very alley. A woman, who ran for her life because someone wants to clear her clock and left her dead, she left a child behind. Do you remember that?\", asked Fortis as his rage was starting to get the better of him. \"Don't know what you're talking about\", said the man as he still gave that smug face that Fortis wanted to punch so badly. Fortis and his henchmen backed up and hopped into the car. They drove away and the man walked towards the opposite way. Fortis's driver started to reversed and Fortis steadied himself as he took an aim before releasing a bullet, killing the man. He got out and inspected the man's time, he had four years, two days, three hours, 24 minutes and 43 seconds. \"See boss, he's time is always added up, but he works at the factory\", said one of his henchmen. \"I know. We're getting closer boys\", said Fortis. The Minute Men left the dead man in the alleyway and drove off, just as the dead man had done to Audrey 17 years ago. 'I'm nearly there, Audrey. I'm nearly there' , Fortis said to himself.[Chapter 8] Chp 8 Philip Weis switched off his flat screen. Sylvia and Will had been robbing time and this was the sixth bank in a week. Michele stood by the door way as Philip said, \"She wants to kill me\". \"You were killing her Philip. You were suffocating her. You suffocated us all, even Audrey\", said Michele. \"Don't you say that name!\", Philip yelled. \"Why can't you just admit the truth?\", said Michele as she walked away, but she didn't noticed that Philip was shivering when she mentioned the truth. What does he know that everybody doesn't? (Somewhere else) Vinny had traced as to where Sylvia's and Will's whereabouts and here he is, with Raymond, Jaeger and Kors, standing in front of a motel. \"Vin, are they still there?\", asked Kors. \"How did you know?\", asked Jaeger. \"It's pretty obvious actually\", said Vinny. \"This is where the hours and the days are. He's the paying them all off\", said Raymond as he checked his gun, \"And this is where I would hide\". The four of them headed upstairs and when they reached the second floor, they saw Will and Sylvia running. The four of them ran after and saw Will and Sylvia jumped outside the window. \"They're crazy\", said Kors. Then, Raymond pushed himself through those three and jumped out to chase after them. \"Your dad's crazier\", said Jaeger. Jaeger and Kors hopped into their cruiser while Vinny went to his and drove to find Raymond. Raymond was a fast runner, Vinny will admit that. He drove faster than Jaeger or Kors. Vinny reached somewhere midtown he guessed when he saw a tall and slender man walking and he looked disappointed. Vinny stopped just right beside Raymond and said, \"Excuse me, sir, but do you happen to know where the nearest drive thru is?\". Raymond chuckled as he rolled his eyes. He hopped in and Vinny notified Jaeger and Kors through the radio to return to HQ. As Vinny drove, he asked, although he knew the answer, \"They got away?\". Raymond could only nod. It's not that he's not used to run, it's just he's frustrated that Will and Sylvia got away. (That night) Fortis arrived at an area in Dayton. When the Minute Men came out from the car, the people started to scatter, but failed to escape. Fortis and his men pushed them to a nearby fence and said, \"You know who I'm looking for. I'm looking for the man who gave this man a month\". Fortis raised one of the captured man's clock. \"And I'll clean the clock of every one of you in this hell hole until someone says something that I wanna hear\", said Fortis. No one said a word. Fortis held out his ear, pretending to listen and said, \"I can't hear a thing\". There was still no response from any of them. \"Clean it\", said Fortis, frustrated and his henchmen grabbed the man's arm, clearing the clock. The man pleaded and Fortis's Minute Men had left seconds for the man before his heart stopped dead track. Fortis went to the next one and said, \"I believe you're next\". Then, a man in a brown coat with a suit case stepped forward. \"At last, someone's acting reasonably\", said Fortis. \"I just wanna share of the reward\", said the man. Fortis went closer and said, \"Why, my friend, you will get your reward\". He grabbed the man and slowly pushed him towards their car. He got his information and rewarded the man with a few years. Fortis and his men arrived at the hotel where Will and Sylvia were staying. This is it. (Back at Timekeeper HQ) Vinny looked for his father, but he couldn't find him. He found Jaeger and Kors and asked, \"Did the two of you see my father?\". \"I went to knock in his office and he was asleep. He's tired from the chase I guess\", said Kors. Vinny had called an informant and his informant said that the Minute Men was one step ahead of them. Vinny walked away and Jaeger called out, \"Where are you going?\". \"Somewhere!\", Vinny yelled back. \"What should we tell your father?\", said Kors. \"Tell him I'm borrowing the cruiser for some late night snack\", said Vinny before disappearing from there. He drove fast to the hotel. When he got there, he rushed to the room, ignoring the receptionist and kicked the door. Fortis and Will was wrestling for time and he knew Will was winning. Vinny shot Will's arm, causing Will to let go of Fortis's arm, leaving Fortis with a couple hours. The rest of the Minute Men were shot dead. Sylvia was about to get her gun when Vinny gave a warning shot. \"Don't even think about it\", said Vinny. Fortis reached for his gun and aimed it at Will. \"Will Salas and Sylvia Wies, you're under arrest\", said Vinny. \"Where's your father? You shouldn't be here on your own\", said Fortis. \"As much as you care for my mother, that doesn't make me your concern\", said Vinny. Sylvia's hunch was right. This is Audrey's son. \"I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to shoot the other day\", said Sylvia. Vinny's arm was getting better. Then, Vinny's pocket vibrated. It was his father and he knew he was in deep trouble. Fortis grabbed the phone and answered, \"Raymond, it's been a while\". Vinny heard his father screamed at Fortis, \"What the hell have you done to my son?!\". \"Relax Ray, he just saved my life and now, he just captured Salas and Weis. We're at The Century Hotel\", said Fortis before hanging up. \"Am I in trouble?\", asked Vinny while pointing his gun to Will and Sylvia. Fortis also aimed him gun to Will and Sylvia and said, \"Sorta, but I think he'll hit me first before you\". A few minutes later, the room was ambushed by Timekeepers. Raymond went to his son and held him as if Vinny was his life, which he is. \"Please don't be so reckless\", said Raymond. \"Look who's talking\", said Vinny, still aiming even though Jaeger and Kors had detained Will and Sylvia. \"Thank you, Fortis\", said Raymond. \"Don't thank me just yet. I need to talk to you…, about Audrey\", said Fortis. Raymond and Vinny looked at him with curiosity and Fortis could've said that they're twin, except for the eyes. This was going to be a long night.[Chapter 9] Chp 9 Vinny sat outside while his father and Fortis were discussing something about his mother. Jaeger slammed a chest set in front of him. \"How about a game or two while we wait?\", said Jaeger. \"Seriously? Are we even get paid for this?\", said Vinny. \"Well, according to my knowledge, we just finished our shift, but we're here because of the case. So, while wait for your dad to finish his business with Fortis, I suggest we play\", said Jaeger. \"Besides, we confiscated Salas's and Weis's time, leaving them with a couple hours each and place them at different level of the prison. I doubt that, with all those security and, thanks to your idea, those straight jackets, they would escape\", said Kors as he sat facing Jaeger and Vinny. Vinny took the black piece while Jaeger started to move his pawn. (Meanwhile) Raymond paced as Fortis explained his theory. \"I interrogated some of those Dayton thugs and one of them is stupid enough to tell me that they were hired to kill her\", said Fortis. \"Why would anyone wanna kill Audrey? It's not like she did something terrible\", said Raymond. \"Of course she didn't, but don't you think that someone didn't approve your relationship with her?\", asked Fortis. Raymond leaned at the side of his desk and said, \"So you're trying to tell me that her father had arranged some thugs to clean her clock?\". \"Isn't it obvious? He's a powerful man and you're a middle class guy. Of course he won't approve his daughter's relationship with you and I can bet he's the kind of person who would do anything to protect his wealth. You know that don't you?\", said Fortis. \"Kill anyone who would harm his wealth including his own daughter?\", said Raymond. \"Well, he's not the first one to do it, that I can assure you\", said Fortis. \"You don't have proof, Fortis. Even if you do, you will need a warrant to actually use them in court. We're talking about people from New Greenwich, not Dayton\", said Raymond. \"So what? Are you giving up on Audrey?\", asked Fortis, feeling slightly unsatisfied. \"I didn't say that, but you know Audrey. You know she doesn't want to trouble either of us and I have to think of Vinny and my promises to both Audrey and her mother\", said Raymond. \"That will not bring her justice Raymond. I want to see him fall!\", said Fortis, angrily. \"Do what you have to do, just don't get caught\", said Raymond. \"How droll of you, Raymond. Like you don't know me at all\", said Fortis as he put his fedora on his head and walked out. Raymond wanted to bring the people who were responsible on Audrey's death, but he knew she would always told him to leave it be. (Outside) Vinny saw Fortis walking out and gave him an acknowledgement nod. Fortis returned the gesture and left the HQ. Vinny turned his attention back to the chess board, where he and Jaeger were arguing about Vinny using the Zwischenzug move. Raymond approached them and Vinny said, \"Dad, can you help me out?\". Raymond studied and he discovered that Vinny only need one move to beat Jaeger. He moved the queen and said, \"Checkmate\". Jaeger was surprised while Kors was trying his best not to laugh. Vinny, on the other hand, jumped from his chair and made a victory dance. Most people find it odd, but the rest of the Timekeepers were used to Vinny's quirkiness and they all laughed. Raymond simply rolled his eyes and smiled. It was a rare sight for Jaeger and Kors to see their boss's smile. (Meanwhile) Michele was about to enter her husband's office when she heard a disturbing conversation. \"I don't care what you have to do. Get rid of all evidence and whatever it is that connects to her murder. Do it!\", she heard Philip screamed at the phone before slamming it down. 'Murder? Could he mean Audrey? Philip, how could you!' , she ran back to her room with tears. She muffled her cries using her pillow. She knew she had to do something. She loved Philip, but Audrey was her daughter. Husband can come and go, but children can't. She knew she had to call Raymond. (The next day) Michele left the house early. Her mother was staying over at her friends. She arrived at the Timekeeper HQ and went straight to Raymond's office, only to find that Raymond is not there. \"Can I help you, ma'am?\", asked a female Timekeeper. \"May I know where Timekeeper Leon is?\", asked Michele politely. \"Which one, ma'am? The elder one or Vinny?\", said the officer. \"Either one will do\", said Michele. \"They usually made a pit-stop for breakfast. Well, knowing Vinny, he had a stomach the size of an alligator. They'll be here in…, 15 minutes\", said the Timekeeper. \"Is it ok if I wait in Mr Leon's office?\", asked Michele. \"Sure, I'll let him know that you're here. What should I tell him?\", asked the Timekeeper. \"Tell him that his mother-in-law is here\", said Michele as she entered the office. Raymond was surprised to know that a fellow Timekeeper let him know that his mother-in-law was here. \"Dad, I get it if you don't want me to meet her\", said Vinny as he munched in his breakfast. \"I don't mind her, it's her husband that I hate\", said Raymond. When the Leons entered the office, Vinny was surprised to see Michele Weis. \"Michele\", said Raymond. \"Raymond. This must be Vinny\", said Michele. Vinny gave a smile and Michele hugged him. \"You look so much like your father. Well, except for the eyes. Audrey had Philip's eyes and now you have them\", she said. \"I know. Why didn't you tell me who you were?\", asked Vinny. \"Knowing Philip, it was for your safety\", said Michele. \"And now, you're risking Vinny by coming here\", said Raymond. \"I have no choice Raymond. I think Philip had something to do with Audrey's death\", said Michele. Raymond thought for a moment. \"Vinny, why don't you go out and see what Jaeger and Kors are doing?\", said Raymond. It was heart-breaking for Raymond when Audrey died, he didn't want Vinny to know what was going on. \"Why can't I stay? I have the rights to know!\", said Vinny. \"Vincent Philip Leon, please just go. We will talk when I deem it fit\", said Raymond and Vinny knew he meant it seriously when he used Vinny's full name. \"Sorry, dad, I didn't mean to yell at you\", said Vinny, apologetically. \"I know. We will talk, but not now\", said Raymond. Vinny nodded and left quietly. \"Michele, I have to record this meeting, if you don't mind\", said Raymond as he took out a recorder. \"Whatever it takes to bring Audrey's murderer to justice\", said Michele.[Chapter 10] Chp 10 Vinny couldn't sleep that night again. His arm was getting better, so that was not the problem. He got up and took out a box. He remembered when he was young his mother gave him a drawing block and some art supplies. \"If you can't sleep, you can take a piece of paper and some colour pencils here. I want you to draw something you like until the whole paper is filled. Maybe that can help you become sleepy because when you think and work, you'll be tired, right\" , Vinny remembered his mother's words. The box contained his sketch book and some paint. He went to his desk and started to randomly draw. After a while, he felt hungry, as always. He went to the kitchen and made himself some toast and ate in a record time before heading back to his desk to draw again till he fell asleep on the desk. Raymond, on the other hand, had another dream about Audrey. He woke up again at the beach and saw Vinny, who was still a toddler and had just learned to walk, was running around while Audrey was chasing after him. Raymond rarely smiled, unless it had something to do with Audrey or Vinny or both. Otherwise, it's his game face – the 'Cold-Stoic-Serious' face as Vinny called it. Raymond woke up. He decided to switch side of the bed and slept at Audrey's side of the bed. It was cold, but there was a faint scent of mixed berries shampoo that Audrey used to wear. The shampoo itself is still in the bathroom, along with Audrey's toothbrush, facial wash and towel. Raymond didn't have the heart to throw it away. He held the pillow tightly and closed his eyes. It felt so surreal. Audrey was lying down next to him. \"Trouble sleeping?\", asked Audrey. Raymond blinked his eyes a few times. He was no longer in his room; he was in a white space. \"Am I dreaming?\", said Raymond. \"Hey, no fair! I won't answer your question if you're not answering mine\", said Audrey as she turned away and pouted. \"Audrey\", said Raymond, but Audrey wouldn't answer him. Raymond attacked her with a hug and held her as if his life was depending on her. \"Raymond, I was just kidding. Sheesh, get a grip old man\", said Audrey as she tried to hide her snickers. \"I miss you, old lady\", said Raymond. \"I miss you too, old man\", said Audrey. \"I can't sleep. It's hard to sleep without you by my side\", said Raymond. \"But, you've been doing it for so long\", said Audrey. \"I know, but sometimes I couldn't\", said Raymond. \"What's wrong? This is not the Raymond I knew\", said Audrey. Raymond didn't answer her; instead he snuggled up and sighed. \"How's Vinny? He's not in trouble much is?\", asked Audrey, trying to change the subject. \"He's fine. Eating well and he's a Timekeeper. He worked hard to get to where he is now\", said Raymond. \"The apple didn't fall far from the tree now, did it?\", said Audrey as she giggled. \"I'm so proud of him. Every day, he's becoming more and more like you\", said Raymond. \"Well, it's better to have someone chirpy. Otherwise, you'll still end up being stoic and cold\", said Audrey. Raymond chuckled and kissed her mouth. \"I wish it was real\", said Raymond. \"I know. Maybe one day it will be real\", said Audrey. \"Maybe I should just time myself out\", said Raymond. \"Ray, you can't! Think about Vinny. You can't leave my poor child alone!\", Audrey yelled. \"He's not a child, Audrey\", said Raymond. \"I know he is! But don't you think him as fragile? He's our son and yes, he is independent and all grown up, but don't you think he'll end up like you when I died?\", said Audrey. Raymond thought for a while. Vinny is a grown man, but he was too young to be left out on his own. He's like Audrey, but if Vinny's angry and emotionally unstable, he can turn into the 'Angry Raymond'. \"I guess you're right\", said Raymond. Audrey moved to lie on his chest and said, \"One day, we will be together. I know we will\". They stayed still for a while till Audrey said, \"Time to get up, Ray. The sun doesn't shine without its ray. Get up, Ray\". She kissed him and Raymond woke up to hear thumping outside. Did he wake up late? He turned to look at the clock and it was only 5.45 am. Well, he was bound to get up anyway. Then, Vinny knocked on the door like a madman. Raymond hurried to the door and opened to see Vinny dressed in full uniform, panting as if he was running in a marathon in those Timekeeper vest and leather coat. \"Will Salas and Sylvia Weis escaped\", said Vinny. Raymond hurriedly put on his Timekeeper uniform in a record time and the duo hopped into their cruiser and sped off to the Timekeeper HQ. ","Summary":" What if Philip and Michele Weis had a daughter before Sylvia who is far more rebellious? What if Fo"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"Naomy Saeki","Author":"Ana Zaira Stark","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11997781","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tokyo, Japón 8 de Agosto 2001 Querido Diario Hoy me voy con la tía Naoko para ir a una de las mejores escuelas al otro lado de Tokyo, es una escuela para niñas y esta a 4 horas de casa, así que mi madre creyó que es mejor que me vaya con ella. Me duele mucho irme y dejar a mis padres, mi hermanito Toshio y mi lindo gatito... -¡BU!-grita un niño de siete años de cabello y ojos negros apareciendo por detrás -¡AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!-grita una hermosa adolescente de catorce años de cabello largo hasta la cintura y ojos negros cayendo de la cama por el susto -¡jajajajajajajajaja!- ríe el niño cayendo al suelo riendo a carcajada -¡TOSHIO!-grita la niña parándose furiosa- ¡No fue divertido! -Vamos Naomy, considéralo mi susto de despedida-dice Toshio sentándose divertido -Muy gracioso-dice agarrando su diario-No puedo creer que hoy sea el día en que me vaya -¿Por qué no puedo irme contigo?-pregunta Toshio levantándose viéndola -Yo me iré a una escuela para niñas… aunque… no sé por qué no te puedo llevar conmigo con la tía Naoko y vayas a una escuela para niños allá-dice Naomy con tristeza -Papa dice que soy muy pequeño para irme lejos de casa-dice Toshio con tristeza-pero cuando sea mayor iré a donde tu vayas-emocionado -Toshio, yo planeo que cuando termine la preparatoria voy a viajar por el mundo a encontrar mi destino-dice Naomy viendo la ventana-por suerte mama me apoya, papa… un poco pero dice que no me olvide de mi lugar de origen… pero es obvio que es algo que jamás olvidare-viendo a su hermanito-disfruta tu infancia… nadie es un niño para siempre… algún día lograras ser un gran pintor como deseas. -Sí, eso seré algún día-dice Toshio emocionado Naomy le sonríe con ternura, a pesar de que su hermano le hacía de vez en cuando travesuras ella lo adoraba con todo su corazón, para ella Toshio es el mejor hermanito del mundo. -Entonces… ¿Nos llamaras todos los días?-pregunta Toshio viéndola -Todos los días-dice Naomy sonriendo -¡NAOMY! ¡NAOMY HORA DE IRNOS!-grita su padre desde las escaleras -Llego la hora-dice Naomy yendo por sus maletas-¿Me ayudas con mi mochila? -Si-dice Toshio agarrándola junto con una bolsa Ambos baja por las escaleras y miran a sus padres, Kayako y Takeo Saeki, Naomy era la viva imagen de su madre, su padre siempre le dice que será la mujer más bella del mundo. -Estoy lista-dice Naomy a sus padres -Naomy… ten-dice su padre dándole una cajita Naomy lo agarra, lo abre sacando un hermoso guardapelo de plata, lo abre viendo la fotografía de su familia reunida y detrás de ellos estaba la casa. -Aaawww papi-dice Naomy abrazándolo-me encanta, mama ¿Me ayudas a ponérmelo?-acercándose a ella Kayako asiente agarrando el collar se lo pone -Te ves muy hermosa-dice su madre sonriendo y Naomy le sonríe- Pórtate bien con mi hermana, prométeme que nos llamaras todos los días -Lo hare mama-dice Naomy abrazándola- prométanme que cuidaran de Toshio y de Mar-viendo al gato negro acostado en el sillón de la sala -Yo cuido a Mar-dice Toshio rápidamente -Y nosotros a Toshio-dice Kayako divertida para después volver a abrazar a su hija- Mi pequeña… te amo… nunca lo olvides -Y yo a ti-dice Naomy abrazándola con fuerza-a todos ustedes-dice abrazando a Toshio mientras que Takeo le sonríe.[Chapter 2] Tokyo, Japón 3 años después Un fuerte y molesto ruido que venía de un despertador despierta a Naomy quien lo golpea varias veces molesta hasta que lo logra apagar. En eso algo salta en su cama y se acerca a ella una perrita shikoku inu de apenas un años que le lame la mejilla divertido. -Jajajajajaja, ya… ya me voy a levantar, ya-dice divertida levantándose-jejejeje buenos días Aimi- acariciándole la cabeza La perrita ladra divertida, Naomy lentamente se levanta para irse al baño y verse en el espejo. Se había transformado en una bella joven que en un mes cumplirá 18 años, es exactamente idéntica a su madre, pero la gente dice que ella se ve más llena de vida que ella. Aunque ella le dolía pero sabía que tenían razón. Se da un rápido baño para después se pone un uniforme para irse a la escuela -Buenos días familia-dice viendo la foto de sus padres y hermano Rápidamente se prepara el desayuno y le sirve comida a su perrita. -Parece que hoy será un gran día-dice viendo la ventana- Itadakimasu- comenzando a comer –ay…sabe algo raro-dice un poco asqueada-que raro… me lo serví tal y como me gusta-dice confundida pero decide no tomarle mucha importancia y prende la televisión para despues volver a comer-wow… ahora me sabe bueno, que raro.-confundida -Se ha reportado un clima no muy helado pero es preferible usar un saco ya que el frio del invierno llegara muy pronto en Tokyo, mientras que… Naomy no presta atención a la televisión ya que saca un cuaderno, lo abre y saca una pluma. Querida familia No puedo creer que hace meses se cumplieron tres años desde que se fueron, quiero que sepan que los extraño mucho y me gustaría que estuviesen conmigo pronto en mi graduación que será en dos semanas, estoy muy emocionada que en cuanto termine la preparatoria me iré a Estados Unidos a estudiar. Espero que recuerden que dos días después de mi graduación me voy a casar con Takenaga, aun estamos preparando todo, incluso mi tía Naoko me está ayudando, aunque me gustaría que ustedes pudiesen ayudarme, aunque de seguro que tu papa estaría amenazando a mi novio como siempre lo hacías con cualquier chico que se me acercara. Naomy suspira con tristeza ya que aun no podía creer que habían pasado tres años desde que perdió a su familia. Sabía bien que su padre lo había asesinado a su madre y hermano, aunque eso quería negarlo. Recuerda exactamente el día que se entero como si fuese ayer. Flash Back -Tadaima tía-dice Naomy regresando de la escuela - Okaerinasai, ¿Cómo te fue en la escuela?- pregunta su tía Naoko mientras revisaba se levantaba del sillón dejando los papeles para recibirla. Naoko es la hermana menor de su madre, tiene su mismo color de pelo y ojos, ella era una mujer que trabaja en una de las oficinas importantes de Tokyo y es muy diferente a su hermana ya que ella no es timida y se atreve a hacer las cosas de frente. -Muy bien, ¿A ti como te fue en el trabajo? -Bien, tendré una firma de contrato en tres días-dice abrazándola- por suerte no tuve tanto trabajo que me dejaron salir de la oficina para venir a comer, la comida esta casi lista. Deja tus cosas y ponte cómoda -Sí, ¿Ya llamaron mis padres o Toshio? -No… los llame como me pediste pero nada -Qué raro, hace cuatro días que no me llaman ni ellos me contestan cuando les llamo… tía… ¿Crees que algo les paso?-pregunta preocupada -No, claro que no… no te preocupes, seguramente paso algo y pronto te llamaran-dice Naoko que trataba de no mostrar su preocupación ya que también se le hacía raro que su hermana y su familia no llamaran como lo hacían todos los días. -Sabes que tía, voy a llamarlos-dice acercándose al teléfono -Claro, iré a revisar la comida-dice yéndose-si contestan dile a tu madre que aun me debe ese pastel de manzana que me prometió la semana pasada-dice divertida -Lo hare-dice divertida marcando Naomy espera impaciente que alguien le conteste y de nuevo contesta la contestadora -Mama, papa… ¿Qué pasa?... ¿Por qué no llaman?, ya me esto preocu… -Bueno-contesta un hombre -Hola… ¿Quién habla? -¿Usted es familiar de la familia Saeki? -Soy su hija ¿Quién ha… -¿Quién es?-pregunta Naoko acercándose -Un hombre está hablando por el teléfono de mi casa-dice asustada -Dámelo- quitándole el teléfono-Bueno-dice seriamente-si… ¿Un detective?-pregunta confundida-si Kayako es mi hermana ¿Qué pasa?-pregunta preocupada y su expresión camba drásticamente a espanto-No… no, no ¡NO!-grita soltando su teléfono soltando lagrimas-No… hermanita no-llorando -Tía… tía ¿Qué pasa?-pregunta aterrada Fin del Flash Back Ese día jamás lo podrá olvidar, fue el peor de su vida al enterarse que su padre en un ataque de ira asesino a su madre, hermanito y hasta su mascota para después suicidarse. Siempre había pensado, incluso todos que si ella no se hubiese ido a vivir con su tía seguramente estaría muerta. Desde ese día su tía la tuvo bajo su custodia ya que sabía que su abuela que no conoce pero había escuchado que no está en condiciones para cuidarla, ella la ha criado, dándole el amor que necesitaba. Claro que no pudo ser tan feliz como una chica quisiera, ya que no solo perdió a su familia, si no que sabía que ellos no se habían ido por completo. Ella a veces los veía en sus sueños, los sentía incluso sabe de las muertes de la gente que entra a esa casa. Ya han muerto los que se estaban encargando del caso, incluso saben de un profesor que mi madre de vez en cuando saludaba y murió al día siguiente. Desde ese día en esa casa han ocurrido cosas terribles que la mayoría desean ignora, su tía le conto historias de cosas sobrenaturales y que sabía que eso ocurrida en ese lugar, estaba maldita, su familia se habían convertido en fantasmas vengativos que mataban a todo aquel que entraba al lugar donde murieron. Su tía ya había entrado a esa casa para recoger las pertenencias de su hermana y Naomy entro para recoger sus cosas, la de su hermano y padre. Pero por alguna razón la maldición jamás les ha afectado a ellas. Naoko solo entro una vez, Naomy muchas y aun sigue con vida. Es como si su familia no quisiera lastimarla pero ella quería que ellos pararan y además salvar a todos lo que podía. Aunque no sabía cómo hacerlo. Hace meses se había mudado cerca de una preparatoria, las mejores de Tokyo y que también está cerca de donde antes era su casa. Su tía le rento una pequeña pero bonita casa porque sabía que ya era lo suficientemente responsable para vivir sola y así aprenda para lo que le espera en el futuro y mas para cuando se case. En su cumpleaños 17 le regalo a Aimi para que le hiciera compañía y que tuviera una amiga ya que tiene pocas ya que casi todo Tokyo sabe lo que le paso a su familia. Aimi ladra con fuerza sacándola de sus pensamientos y observa que le queda media hora para ir a la escuela -¡AY NO!-grita levantándose yendo a dejar el plato al lavadero-¡Ya va a llegar por mi! ¡Tengo examen!-dice aterrada-gracias por despertarme Aimi Aimi corre hacia la puerta, saca los zapatos escolares del armario frente al escalón, en eso se escucha una el ruido de una motocicleta acercándose. Aimi ladra con fuerza. -¡Ya voy!-dice acercándose rápidamente con la mochila dejando las pantuflas para ponerse los zapatos-gracias Aimi-dice abriendo la puerta Aimi sale corriendo rápidamente para recibir a un apuesto joven japonés de 19 años de cabellos negros que le llega hasta debajo de las orejas, ojos azul oscuros, chaqueta de piel negra, camisa roja, pantalón y botas negras. El chico se quita el casco tranquilo para ser recibido por Aimi -Jajajaja buenos días pequeña-dice acariciándole la cabeza-espero que mama ya esté lista porque después me culpa de sus cosas. -¡TE OI!-grita Naomy acercándose -Ups-dice divertido-Hola nena-besándole los labios -Hola, ¿Listo para tu examen?-pregunta sonriendo -Sí, apenas dormí anoche… bueno vámonos-dándole otro casco -Bien, entra a casa Aimi y cuídala- dice besándole la cabeza Aimi ladra para después irse a la casa para entrar por la parte trasera, Naomy se sube la motocicleta y lo abraza de la cintura, Takenaga espera a que este lista y después arranca a todo lo que da la motocicleta. -Adivina que hice -¿Qué hiciste?-pregunta Naomy divertida -Tú adivina-dice divertido -Aaammmm ya se, Akira Toriyama hará otra manga de Dr. Slump -No, pero espero que haga otro de Dragon Ball-dice Takenaga divertido-pero no es eso, no tiene que ver con mangas -Yo prefiero Arale, ok me rindo-divertida-¿Qué sucede? -Que te parecería estudiar con tu novio en Chicago -¿Qué?... ¡NO!-dice emocionándose-¡TE ACEPTARON! -Si -¡AMOR!-dice Naomy abrazándolo con fuerza causando que por perdiera un poco el equilibrio de la moto-¡AY! -Tranquila-dice recuperando el equilibrio-todo bajo control, no queremos que uno de nosotros termine viudo antes de la boda ¿Verdad? -Jejejeje lo siento, ay mi amor… que buenas noticias, yo aun no sé si seré aceptada -Claro que lo serás, espere para que te graduaras para irnos juntos a la universidad, no me iré sin ti-dice sonriendo- además… pero aun así debo termina mi servicio en el centro de seguridad social, además le debo dinero a Yoko -Lo terminaras, espero que Yoko esté libre esta tarde para el cumpleaños de Mayumi -Claro, sabes que ella no se lo perdería ante nada-dice estacionándose frente a la escuela-y, su majestad, llegamos. -Jejejeje chistoso-dice Naomy bajándose pero de pronto se siente mareada que casi se cae -¡Noemy!-dice Takenaga agarrándola-Naomy ¿Estás bien? -Eh… si… estoy bien-dice recobrándose poco a poco-no sé que me paso -Has estado así hace una semana, ¿Segura que no quieres ir al doctor? -Descuida, estoy bien… mis padres y hermanos me están cuidando y seguro que no querrán que me vaya pronto -Cierto, bueno ya me voy-dice dándole un beso rápido-te cuidas, paso por ti a la salida ya que tenemos una boda que seguir preparando -Te espero-dice besándolo-nos vemos Takenaga le da otro beso y se va rápidamente en su moto dejándola. -¡Naomy!-grita una chica de su edad de cabello castaño medio agarrado hasta los hombros acercándose -Kaori hola -Estudiaste para el examen, yo solo un poco-dice yéndose con ella al edificio -También, no me pude concentrar mucho -¿Otra vez te mareaste?-pregunta preocupada -Algo -Naomy, creo que debes ir al doctor -No, estoy bien… creo que es algo que comi-dice tranquila -Bien, pero prométeme que a la próxima que te sientas mal quieras o no te llevo al doctor-dice amenazante -Ok, te lo prometo… pero vámonos antes de que lleguemos tarde-dice entrando al edifico Centro de seguridad social - Ohayougozaimasu-saluda Takenaga entrando al lugar - Ohayougozaimasu Takenaga-dice la secretaria sonriendo -Takenaga, al fin llegas ¿Has visto a Yoko?-pregunta Alex acercándose -No, no eh sabido de ella desde ayer ¿Por?-pregunta confundido -No ah llegado a trabajar y debe de cuidar a la señora Emma Williams-dice mostrándole la foto de la mujer -¿Quieres que vaya a cuidarla?-pregunta mientras la veía -No, ya mande a alguien, a Karen Davis ¿Sabes quién es? -No hablo mucho con ella pero si se quien es-dice tranquilo-bueno, iré a trabajar, quiero desocuparme para irme con mi prometida mas tarde a ver lo de la boda -Sí, ya casi es-dice Alex sonriendo-tienes suerte, Naomy es maravillosa, difícil de encontrar -Y única-dice Takenaga subiendo las escaleras.[Chapter 3] Lamento la demora, eh tenido algunos problemas pero ya están solucionándose Sin más que decir a leer -El video maldito, que tontería- dice Kaori saliendo del salón con Naomy -A mi me asusto-dice Naomy colgándose la mochila -Matarte siete días después de que la veas… vaya advertencia, ahora por eso están dejando de hacer VHS por DVD-dice entrando a la cafetería -Yo ya tengo suficiente con tres fantasmas que hacen eso pero por entrar a la casa-dice Naomy agarrando una charola -Sí, tus padres, hermano y… ¿Que no son cuatro contando a tu gato?-pregunta confundida poniéndose detrás de ella en la fila. -Cierto lo olvide, cuatro contando con Mar-dice con tristeza- ni mi gato pudo salvarse de mi padre -Deja de pensar en eso… ojala te pudiera decir que están en un mundo mejor pero… por desgracia no-dice Kaori con tristeza -No te preocupes… no eh ido a ver esa casa en meses, los exámenes y mis deberes me han tenido muy ocupada que apenas tengo tiempo para ver mi boda, estar con Takenaga, contigo, ocuparme de mi pequeña schnauzer Eimi y lo importante… de mi-dice agarrando fruta- ojala siga en venta porque nadie es tan tonto para venderla -También eso espero, ¿Por qué no compras tú la casa?-pregunta confundida -Porque los bienes raíces y los abogados dicen que no es conveniente tener una casa donde mi familia fue asesinada-dice agarrando jugo y una chica agarra uno rápidamente y se aleja viéndola asustada-y por el cual todo Tokyo me tiene miedo-dice yéndose a una mesa -Mi familia no te tiene miedo, tu familia política no te tiene miedo, Takenaga no te tiene miedo, Eimi no te tiene miedo y yo no tengo miedo- sentándose frente a ella-así que, no todo Tokio te teme -Aaaammmm tu abuelo me tiene miedo-dice Naomy enarcando la ceja -Sí, pero mi familia sabe que para sobrevivir jamás debemos ir a tu antigua casa y nunca nos acercamos ni siquiera a esa cuadra, nos mantenemos lejos-dice tranquila -Es mejor así-dice Naomy comiendo-no sé cómo le hare pero te juro que comprare esa casa para que nadie vuelva a… ¡Ay!-agarrándose el vientre adolorida -¡¿Qué tienes?!-pregunta Kaori preocupada -No se… de pronto sentí un dolor extraño-dice dejándolo de sentir poco a poco-y… se esta yendo -Ahora si… saliendo de aquí nos vamos a una clínica para que te revisen-dice Kaori de forma autoritaria -Kaori, no es na… -No me hagas llamar a Takenaga y a tu tía, recuerda que tengo sus teléfonos-dice de forma amenazante -No tienes idea de cuánto te odio-dice rendida -También te quiero-dice divertida- tranquila, seguramente debes tener algún gusano y es mejor que te revisen para que te lo puedan quitar -Si… creo que tienes razón, estoy harta de estos mareos-dice agarrándose la frente -Hola-dice una chica americana rubia y ojos azules que se acerca junto con una chica local-¿Es cierto lo que dicen?, ¿Que tu eres la hija del hombre que asesino a tu madre, hermano e incluso a su mascota para después suicidarse?-pregunta interesada -¿Y que después se convirtieron en fantasmas asesinos?-pregunta la chica japonesa emocionada -Vámonos Kaori-dice levantarse rápidamente molesta llevándose su lonche -Se nota que tienen respeto hacia los demás-dice Kaori molesta hacia las chicas para después seguir a su amiga -Pero que carácter-dice la rubia cruzando los brazos Centro de seguridad social -Moshi, Moshi-contesta Takenaga su teléfono-ah… hola Mayumi… no, no eh visto a Yoko desde ayer ¿Por qué?-pregunta confundido-… ¿Ya preguntaste en su casa?... tampoco sabe, que raro… mira, seguramente está ocupada cuidado a la señora que no tiene tiempo para regresarte las llamadas… si, te prometo que más tarde la llamare, bueno, adiós-colgando- eso esta raro-dice guardando su teléfono-ah, Alex-acercándose a él-una amiga llamo y me pregunto por Yoko, al parecer nadie ni siquiera su familia sabe donde esta -Dios-dice preocupándose -Pero creo que está ocupada por cuidar a la señora Emma Williams que… -Takenaga… ¿Acaso olvidaste que envié a alguien más a cuidarla? -Ay no-dice Takenaga comenzando a preocuparse porque realmente olvido ese detalle -Tratare de localizarla, no digas esto a nadie que no quiero pánico-dice yéndose -De acuerdo-dice Takenaga preocupado-será mejor que ni se lo diga a Naomy-dice volviendo a revisar el papeleo Más tarde Clínica: ClinicBy -Andando-dice Kaori jalando a Naomy -Ya voy, ya voy-dice viendo con algo de miedo la clínica ya que jamás le ha gustado las clínicas y hospitales -Buenas tardes-dice Kaori a una enfermera en la recepción- vinimos para que mi amiga se haga unos análisis para que vea que tiene, a estado algo malita -Claro-dice la enfermera amablemente-por favor de llenar aquí sus datos-dándole una hoja con pluma- necesitaremos prueba de orina-dándole un frasco-a y se le necesitara sacar sangre -¿Sangre?-dice Naomy dejando la pluma-no, sangre no gracia-alejándose -¡Naomy!-dice Kaori agarrándola -Es necesario-dice la enfermera divertida ya que no es la primera vez que ve eso -¡Naomy!... no sea infantil jajajaja-divertida regresándola- ¿Le temes a las inyecciones? -Bien que sabes-dice Naomy -Llena la información o llamare a una de las dos personas que te obligaran a hacerlo -Ok, ok-de mala gana-¿Y si me caigo?-viéndola -No te preocupes, yo te sostendré-dice Kaori viéndola -¿Si me desmayo?-pregunta tratando de salvarse -Te atrapo, ya Naomy llénalo -Y me pasara algodoncito con alcohol para despertarme -te echare todo el frasco encima si es necesario -Ay pero que tierna-dice Naomy llenando la hoja -Lo sé-dice divertida Centro de seguridad social Takenaga estaba guardando las tres últimas carpetas por llenar a su mochila ya que en un minuto será su hora de salida. -Hola Alex, ya será mi hora de salida así que me llevare estas carpetas para revisar en mi casa y las traeré mañana -Está bien Takenaga, yo iré a ver a Karen en casa de los Williams, salúdame a Naomy-dice yéndose -Lo hare-agarrando su mochila-nos ve… -¡TAKENAGA!-grita un joven japonés de su edad de cabello castaño -Ah… Shidō hola-viéndolo -Lo conseguí-dice extendiéndole dos mangas- otras tomas de la Death Note, dos para ti y dos para mi -¡WOW!... ¡Unos de mis Mangas favoritos!, ¡Gracias!-dice guardándolos con emoción -Oye, los chicos y yo saldremos a comer ¿Quieres venir? -No gracias amigo, quede con Naomy-dice tranquilo -Cierto la boda, te nos casas amigo… pero… ¿Cómo pudiste enamorarte de ella?-pregunta sorprendido- entiendo que sea hermosa y única pero… su familia… son… -Te recuerdo que mi familia tienen el mismo caso… el templo donde mis abuelos fueron asesinados-dice Takenaga sin verlo -Cierto… ambos tienen fantasmas en su familia-dice apenado- lo siento -No te preocupes-dice Takenaga sonriendo- ambos nos entendemos perfectamente además… nos amamos y estamos seguros que queremos estar juntos -Al menos encontraste a la indicada, espero encontrar una para mi pronto -Lo harás amigo, oyes… aprovechando ¿Has sabido algo de Yoko? -No… me dijo que me llamaría para ir a verla en casa de los Williams para que le devolviera unos libros que me prestó pero perdí la hoja donde me lo apunto, me lo podrías pasar porque quiero ir a preguntar a esa familia sobre ella -Claro-dice Takenaga abriendo su mochila- un momento, aquí guarde el folder-buscándolo-aquí esta-sacándolo- Emma Williams, aquí dice que vive en el barrio de Nerima en…-leyendo de nuevo la dirección espantándose -¿Qué pasa amigo?-pregunta viéndolo -En la casa de los padres de Naomy-espantando -¡¿Qué?!-pregunta quitándole el folder- No… no puede ser, esa casa esta… -¡Vamos!... ¡Tenemos que ir por Naomy ella puede pararlos!-agarrando su mochila para irse corriendo -¡ESPERAME![Chapter 4] Centro Comercial Namba Walk -Bueno, no todo salió como planeaba mi día, pero este adorno para el pastel es perfecto-dice Naomy emocionada- ¿Podrías guardarlo en tu mochila? -Claro-dice Kaori metiéndolo en su mochila- así Takenaga no lo vea -Jajajaja puede que lo haya pagado, pero debe verlo en la boda-dice sonriendo -Bueno, solo espero que cuando lleguen los resultados pasado mañana de tus análisis sepamos qué es lo que tienes y que no sea nada grave por lo de la boda-dice Kaori sonriendo- ahora a irnos a la fiesta de Mayumi -Aun no te perdono por esos análisis-dice Naomy cruzando los brazos-pero es cierto, hay que irnos o de seguro los demás se comerán toda la comi…ah… -sacando su celular que vibraba-es Takenaga… hola amor-contestando coqueta- sí, estoy con Kaori po… -lentamente se asustaba- ¡¿Qué?!... ¡Voy para allá! -colgando - ¿Qué pasa? -pregunta confundida -Al parecer alguien vive en la casa de mis padres, y alguien del Centro de Seguridad Social está cuidando a alguien-dice Naomy comenzando a caminar rápidamente -Ay por Dios-dice Kaori siguiéndola- ¡Espera, voy contigo! Barrio Nerima Shidō y Takenaga rápidamente llegan corriendo a la casa de los Williams pero se detienen al ver a la policía rodeando la casa. -Ay no-dice Shidō impactado Takenaga se acerca para ver más de cerca -Lo siento, no puede pasar-dice un oficial tapando el paso -Escuchen, deben de salir de esa casa, ¿Acaso no sabe quiénes vivían antes? -pregunta Takenaga preocupado -Es solo una leyenda urbana, así que atrás o me veré la pena de arrestarlo-dice un policía -No es leyenda, es real… mi novia era hija de esa familia - ¿De los Williams? -pregunta el oficial -De los Saeki -Ah, la chica del padre asesino y suicida, mira niño lo de los fantasmas es solo un rumor, no es real o si no ya todos estaríamos muertos-dice el oficial -Takenaga-dice Alex saliendo de la casa - ¡Alex! -dice sorprendido -Takenaga, Shidō- acercándose a ambos- ¿Qué hacen aquí? -Pues… ¿Qué paso? -pregunta Takenaga preocupado -Hubo una especie de ataque, la señora Emma Williams falleció y Karen esta en shock-dice Alex preocupado- Su hijo y su esposa están desaparecidos -Ay no-dice Takenaga preocupado -Y lo peor… aquí está la bicicleta de Yoko - dice Alex con tristeza Takenaga cierra los ojos de tristeza y coraje mientras que Shidō retrocede asustado - ¡Takenaga! -grita Naomy acercándose a el -Naomy-dice abrazándola con fuerza - Takenaga, Shifo-dice Kaori viéndolos - ¡Es Shidō! -dice cruzando los brazos molesto -Es mejor Shifo- dice divertida - ¡¿Qué paso?! -pregunta Naomy viendo a la policía- Hola Alex -Hola Naomy… ¿Qué haces aquí? - Esta era mi casa-dice Naomy aterrada - ¿Aquí vivías? -pregunta Alex sorprendido - ¡Si! En eso unos paramédicos saca a Karen, una joven americana de piel blanca, rubia y ojos verdes quien estaba totalmente traumatizada por lo sucedido, mientras era llevada hacia una ambulancia ella gira un poco la vista y mira a Naomy quien también volteo a verla, en cuanto Karen la vio se aterro que los paramédicos tuvieron que darle tranquilizante en cuanto subió a la ambulancia. -Ahí va Karen, la encontré muy mal, apenas puede hablar… esta aterrada-dice Alex preocupado viendo como la ambulancia se aleja- llamare a su novio- alejándose -Se aterro en cuanto te vio-dice Kaori -Debió de ver a mi madre-dice en voz baja asustada -Señorita-dice un oficial acercándose a ella- el Detective Nakagawa quiere hablar con usted-dándole el paso -Cla… Claro-dice Naomy tratando de calmarse y voltea a ver a su novio y amigos- espérenme aquí, no entren a la casa-dice seriamente antes de seguir al oficial -No te preocupes que aquí estoy muy bien-dice Shidō rápidamente -Miedoso-dice Kaori viéndolo con burla -Entonces entra tu -dice molesto -Ni loca- dándole la espalda Naomy sigue el oficial hasta llegar hacia la casa, al entrar comienza a ver su alrededor, empieza a tener muchos recuerdos cuando vivía con su familia, alegre, feliz como toda una familia normal. - Vamos Naomy, papa nos llevara al desfile-dice Toshio emocionado - ¡Espérenme! -grita Naomy divertida -Señorita-dice un hombre de edad media acercándose a ella- buenas noches, soy el detective Nakagawa, él es el detective Igarashi, mi asistente -Hola- saluda Naomy y él saluda con la cabeza - ¿Usted es hija de los Saeki?, la familia que… vivió hace tiempo en esta casa-dice Nakagawa -Si -Sí, te vi hace años cuando fuiste a dar declaraciones con tu tía a uno de mis compañeros… jamás pude darte el pésame por tu perdida- dice Nakagawa un poco tranquilo -Gracias-dice tratando de ocultar su tristeza -Ahora, sin ofenderla, pero… ¿Se puede saber qué hace aquí? -pregunta seriamente -La que cuidaba a la madre del hombre que vive en esta casa… es mi amiga, trabaja junto con mi prometido - ¿Conoce a la señorita Yoko? -pregunta Igarashi -Sí, Yoko Maki… es mi amiga desde hace dos años - ¿Cuándo fue la última vez que la vio? -pregunta Nakagawa -Antier en la tarde en una comida, se supone que hoy nos juntaríamos para irnos a la casa de una amiga que cumple años-dice Naomy preocupada- ¿La han encontrado? -Aun no… ni a la pareja que vive en esta casa, la madre del señor Williams fue encontrada muerta y la que la cuidaba, la señorita Davis está en estado de shock-dice Nakagawa y Naomy cierra los ojos de tristeza- ¿Sabe algo? -No, ni siquiera conocía a esa familia ni conozco a la … chica Karen -¿Segura? -pregunta Igarashi no muy convencido -Escuche… no eh entrado a esta casa desde que saque mis pertenencias para irme con mi tía hace años-dice Naomy un poco enojada- vine aquí porque mi prometido me llamo, si quieren confirmarlo háblenle, pero fuera de esta casa, no quiero que entre- viéndolo seriamente - ¿Por qué no quiere que entre? -pregunta Igarashi -No saben el error que cometieron al vender esta casa y que ustedes y la policía estén aquí dentro-dice Naomy seriamente El detective Nakagawa la mira ya que sabe de qué habla mientras que su asistente la mira confundido ya que no tiene idea de lo que habla. -Muy bien, ¿Se puede saber dónde estuvo el día de hoy? -pregunta Igarashi - ¿Por qué? -pregunta confundida -Porque vi como la señorita Davis se aterro mucho al verla, es como si usted estuviera involucrada-dice Igarashi - ¡Claro que no!, si quieren pruebas estuve en la escuela… aquí pueden ver el símbolo-dice mostrando la insignia de su uniforme- y segundo saliendo de ahí fue a la ClinicBy a la fuerza para hacerme análisis porque me eh sentido mal y no quiero que mi prometido lo sepa… y tercera, estuve en el Centro Comercial Namba Walk comprando algo para la boda- dice sacando el ticket de su bolso- aquí tiene- dándoselo- puede ver la hora, ¿Cómo pude estar en dos lugares a la vez?, además ese centro comercial está a media hora de aquí -Cierto-dice Nakagawa devolviéndole el ticket- bien, pero de todas formas apúnteme su teléfono por si necesitamos información -Como diga-dice Naomy agarrando la libera y apuntándolo -Detective Nakagawa -dice un oficial acercándose- nos acaban de informar de otra persona muerta en otro barrio, al parecer se trata de Suzuki san, el hombre que le vendió esta casa a los Williams- Naomy se queda escuchando la plática aterrada- sé que no es nuestra zona, pero… ¿Qué hacemos? -Que el operativo de allá nos estén informando-dice Nakagawa y voltea a ver a Naomy- es todo señorita, por favor no salga de la ciudad -Se los dije-dice Naomy dándole el cuaderno- no debieron entrar a esta casa- alejándose, pero se detiene cerca de la puerta y mira el espejo donde mira la imagen de su madre detrás de ella, suspira y sale de la casa y se dirige hacia donde están Takenaga y los demás -¿Qué te dijeron? -pregunta Takenaga preocupado -Llama a Mayumi, dile que… no me siento bien que… no podré ir a su fiesta -Claro, dudo que yo pueda ir… vamos, te llevare a casa, Shidō lleva a Kaori a casa-dice alejándose con Naomy -Ya que-dice de mala gana -Ah, pero que caballeroso-dice Kaori ofendida Sin que ninguno de los jóvenes se diese cuenta una silueta oscura pero femenina los mira desde la ventana del segundo piso de la casa. Keiyu Hospital Karen lentamente abre los ojos y ve que está en la cama de un hospital, mira a su alrededor hasta que encuentra a su novio Doug quien estaba sentado en una silla, voltea a verla y al ver que despertó sonríe y se acerca a ella. -Tranquila, aquí estoy-dice sentándose a lado de ella acariciándole el cabello y le agarra la mano- tu jefe me dijo lo que paso… lo lamento -Yo no estoy segura de que paso-dice confundida -Una mujer anciana murió mientras dormía, es triste, pero… -Eso es lo que ellos dijeron-dice Karen demasiado confundida ya que eso no era lo que recordaba, aunque no sabía lo que realmente sucedió ya que todo fue demasiado rápido- en esa casa… hay algo malo Ambos se miran por unos segundos y vuelven a abrazarse ya que ella lo necesitaba ahora más que nunca. -Ya, tranquila-dice tratando de calmarla Aimi rápidamente corre hacia la puerta al escuchar el ruido de la motocicleta de Takenaga, sale por su puesta y corre hacia ellos emocionada -Hola Aimi-dice Takenaga cargando a Naomy- oye tranquila que ella te necesita ahora- caminando hacia la casa siendo seguidos por la perrita Takenaga abre la puerta y con mucho cuidado la lleva hasta su cuarto y la acuesta con delicadeza en su cama - ¿Estas bien? -pregunta Takenaga sentándose a su lado. -Si me hubieran dejado comprar esa casa… de seguro-dice Naomy con mucha tristeza-… de seguro esa familia y Yoko estan… -Oye, amor tranquila-dice Takenaga agarrándole con delicadeza la mejilla- no fue tu culpa, Yoko una vez me dijo que enfretara un reto en una casa... seguramente sabia que esa era tu casa pero como ella no cree en fantasmas se atrevio a ir- dice con tristeza- amor, lamento no haberte dicho pero yo no sabia que era en tu casa -Naomy cierra los ojos mas fuertes- Naomy... tu tratas de salvar a la gente, pero… por desgracia no todo se puede, solo podemos rezar que los que entraron a la casa tengan una muerte rápida y sin dolor y que Yoko no haya sufrido -Les eh dicho que paren, pero por más que les pido no me escuchan -No tienen opción… murieron de una forma llena de dolor, ira y pena que terminaron siendo lo que son… tú no tienes la culpa -Pero… de todas maneras me siento culpable-dice limpiándose las lagrimas Aimi se sube a la cama y se va a los brazos de Naomy quien rápidamente la abraza - ¿Quieres que me quede contigo? -Naomy asiente rápidamente- llamare a mis padres para avisarle, no tardo- dice saliendo del cuarto -Yoko… perdóname-dice Naomy llorando- perdóname Espero que les haya gustado El apellido de Yoko lo tome de la actriz que la interpreta ya que nunca es mencionado en la película y además se llaman igual Nos leemos pronto adios ","Summary":" Tokyo, Japón 8 de Agosto 2001 Querido Diario Hoy me voy con la tía Naoko para ir a una de las mejor"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"Tick Tock","Author":"PenSmith433","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7606347","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: In Time does not belong to me. It was raining. That was the first thing he noticed when he stepped out of his car, and walked towards the crime scene. The cold droplets fell down from the sky, soaking Timekeeper Raymond Leon through to the bone. It was the type of rain that went straight through you, plastering his clothes to his skin, and seeping into his boots. He shuddered slightly, trying to push the coldness from his mind. He looked at his clock. 0000:00:0:09:34:10. He had plenty of time to deal with this incident before getting back to his apartment to sleep for a few hours before starting the new day. It was half eleven now and he hadn't clocked off his shift for nearly thirteen hours. He was only glad that he would get paid some overtime for this happenstance. Leon pulled his coat closer to him. It didn't help one bit, but he pretended that it gave him some measure of warmth. It hadn't rained like this for some months now. It just had to be today that the weather would defy logic. It had been bright and sunny only a week before. Now it just felt like midwinter. \"What do we have?\" he asked Timekeeper Korsqq as he slipped under the red tape that they still used and stood over the body lying on the ground. He refused to let his countenance change at the sight of the dead woman, \"Why were we called out? Surely this is a matter for the local authorities. We are in Dayton after all. Murder is common here,\" \"We don't know her name, sir,\" Korsqq replied, looking at the body with something that Leon would describe as revolted fascination. Even Leon had to admit to himself that the way that the body had been treated was something...different, \"But the clothes that she's wearing look like they would stand out in a place like Dayton. Her throat is cut and it looks like there is extensive torture to the upper body,\" Timekeeper Korsqq was right in stating that the woman didn't look like she belonged in Dayton. Leon could spot several pieces of jewellery that the woman wore, which looked relatively expensive. The manner in which the woman had been killed was...disturbing to say the least. Deep grooves were carved into the woman's arms and upper torso, her clothes ripped and torn. The rain had swept away most of the blood but Leon could still see several stains on the concrete. It was unusual to see this level of detail in a murder victim, but not necessarily one that would bring the Timekeepers into the equation. \"Apart from the torture, it sounds like it's just another murder in the ghetto, Korsqq,\" Leon shrugged, chewing on a piece of gum, \"What makes this murder important to the Timekeepers?\" \"Because of her clock,\" Leon turned to look at Medical Examiner Peters. The 75 year old man was walking towards him with bloodstained plastic gloves. A twisted scar marred his face from a severe accident that had happened nearly 25 years ago. Despite the disfigurement, the man was still considered to be quite handsome amongst the female Timekeepers. \"Have you noticed her clock?\" the man pressed and bent down to move the dead woman's arm into view, \"Can you see it? 0000:00:0:00:14:01,\" Leon inspected the faded numbers, \"Why would anyone leave numbers on someone in the ghetto, they steal for time. Every minute counts in this time zone,\" \"Fourteen minutes left therefore not murdered for her time,\" Leon nodded, \"Tortured and killed in Dayton yet clearly she did not live here,\" he stopped suddenly, a faint memory trickling through his mind. He roughly shoved it aside. He was not going to dwell on that, \"You examined the body then?\" \"Yes, I was the first examiner on the scene,\" Peters straightened up, looking at the other man carefully, \"She's been dead for about seven hours, so she was murdered at approximately 1630 hours. She shows signs of a struggle, there are one or two broken fingernails, no sexual assault either. Our murderer wasn't interested in that route,\" the man looked troubled, placing one hand to his mouth, \"Deep cuts to the torso and upper arms. Straight lines only, none that were curved,\" \"Anything else, Peters?\" Just one more thing,\" the British man held up an evidence bag, \"It might not look like much but I found this lying by the body when I was inspecting it,\" he handed it over and Leon took the small bag, holding it up to the streetlamp that was blazing above them, \"It might just be a coincidence,\" \"A red petal?\" Leon inquired, handing back the small bag, \"Yes, it might just be a coincidence,\" \"You don't believe that?\" \"No,\" Leon's voice was sharp in tone and he closed his eyes tightly before looking at the mutilated woman, \"No, I don't believe that. Extensive torture with straight lines only, fourteen minutes left on the victim's clock, and a red petal left by the side of the body. Of course I don't believe it's a coincidence. But I also know that what you are suggesting is impossible,\" he thrust his hands deep into his pockets, \"We'll investigate all routes before we turn to that line of inquiry,\" he looked up at the still pouring sky, \"And get the body back to Headquarters, we're starting to attract attention,\" He turned away from Peters walking back to his car. He needed to sleep. Korsqq fell into line next to him, \"What would you like us to do now, sir?\" \"Clock off and get some sleep,\" Leon told him, \"Be at Headquarters at 0600, where we'll start the initial inquiries. There's no point starting now. We'll start when we're fully awake,\" the white haired Timekeeper nodded silently before going to his own car. The rain hadn't eased off its battle since Leon had gotten out of his car. Leon looked around the darkened street, not liking the cold creeping feeling that ran up and down his neck as he stood next to his car. He disliked the unnaturalness of the silence; even the examiners that were moving the body seemed to be making hardly any noise. He felt like there was someone watching him, but as he calmly surveyed the area, there was no one that he could see. He sighed slightly before sitting in the car, picking up the radio, \"This is Timekeeper Leon, clocking off duty at 2330,\" he spoke into it and was met with nothing but static. He closed his eyes in slight frustration, and tried again, \"Dispatch this is Timekeeper Leon, please respond,\" Still there was nothing, \"Dispatch...\" He stopped short, the horrible sense of coincidence trickling through his mind. Everything else had been so similar to her what would make this different? \"What do you want?\" he spoke lowly into the radio. \" Tick tock goes the clock,\" a voice crackled through the speaker, soft and female, \"And what now shall we play?\" Leon picked up his personal radio, only to hear the same voice coming through, \"Tick tock goes the clock. Now the summer's gone away?\" A laugh was heard, \"Time is ticking down, one second at a time and you still think that this is a coincidence? Am I making it too difficult or...do you not want to see me?\" Leon closed his eyes, \"You are a Timekeeper and yet you cannot bring yourself to see the one who has time left to play this game. I'm getting bored. Tick tock, goes the clock. And all the years they fly. Tick tock, and all too soon. You and I must die,\" So what did you think? Leave a review and I'll update a lot quicker. Promise.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: 'In Time' does not belong to me. The reviews that I got brightened my whole day. Seriously. And I had a four hour music composition exam. So thank you Lily and Evangeline Evergreen . Your comments made my day. I only hope this chapter fairs just as well. Leon sat back in his car, the static of the radio filling the vehicle. He could feel the beginnings of a headache coming on. This day could not have gotten any worse. First a mutilated woman found dead on a sidewalk, then a red petal located by the body, seemingly random and then finally a voice on the radio. He would wager that it would be another couple decades before he had a day as bad as this. He thumped the steering wheel in sudden furious anger, ignoring the instant throb of pain that shot through his arm. This whole situation was impossible...improbable...something of that description. Leon was sure of it. There was absolutely no logical explanation that the voice on the radio could be the person that he was thinking of. But there was also no chance that Leon was wrong. He had heard that voice before, many times in the distant past, but he wasn't likely to forget that calibre. Or that familiar mocking tone. He started slightly in surprise as the radio fizzed into life again, \"Timekeeper Leon, this is Dispatch, please respond,\" he quickly picked up the receiver, \"Timekeeper Leon, your receiver went offline ten minutes ago, respond,\" \"Dispatch this is Timekeeper Leon,\" he replied, thinking over the last few minutes, \"I believe there is something wrong with my radio, someone contacted my receiver which wasn't Dispatch. Is there any way to find out where it came from?\" \" No,\" the woman at Dispatch answered smoothly. \"No?\" he was slightly bemused, \"What do you mean by that? I know someone contacted me who wasn't at Dispatch. I need to find out where the call came from. It's rather important,\" \" My apologies, Timekeeper Leon,\" she told him, \"But that call that you received was not what caused your receiver to go offline. The call that you picked up was broadcast to every radio belonging to the Timekeepers,\" Leon sighed, rubbing the bridge of his nose. He could feel that headache growing already. He quickly took a look at his clock. 0000:00:0:08:49:21. He had enough time to get back to Headquarters. He had a feeling that he wasn't going to get to go back to his apartment tonight, \"Your radio went offline ten minutes ago, Timekeeper Leon,\" \"I have no idea why that was. To my knowledge the radio was working the entire time,\" Leon started the car up, pulling out swiftly in the road, \"I'll be at Headquarters within the hour,\" he pressed the accelerator and the car sped up. He wanted this to be over and done with as soon as possible. Even if he knew that realistically that wouldn't be the case in the slightest. An hour later and the car skidded into the parking lot outside the Timekeeper Headquarters. Grey and immense, with concrete looking down from looming heights, the whole building could be mistaken for the appearance of a prison. Perhaps a long time ago, in a time before the need for the Timekeepers, it had been used for such a thing, but now it was the centre point for the hustle and bustle of the Timekeeping force, and its associated professions. Leon got out of the car quickly, striding up the stairs at a pace that he had never quite been able to drop. 0000:00:07:31:11. He wasn't up to his usual time saving standard. He brushed the thought aside with an irritated frown passing over his face. He didn't need distractions, not at this point in time. Not at any point in time. People always moved out of the way when Leon walked past them. He didn't pretend to himself that it was anything to do with his physical appearance. Compared to most of the other Timekeepers, he was thinner and of not of an overpowering height, but that wasn't why most of the Timekeepers moved out of his way. It was from the sheer unnaturalness that always accompanied Leon. Although not one of the most senior Timekeepers within the force, he was, however, one of the oldest. He'd been in the field for nearly fifty years, longer than nearly every other Timekeeper. Usually, as an unofficial rule, Timekeepers retired from active duty around thirty five to forty years of active duty and took a desk job. Leon had exceeded that by almost a decade, and didn't show any signs of stopping. He had no intention, barring physical disability, of stopping quite yet. He frankly couldn't see any interest in being surrounded by paperwork, and he had enough in his job in the present time. This quirk made him stand out from many of the Timekeepers, especially the younger ones, but he didn't let it bother him. Those Timekeepers regarded him as a distant figure, someone that was easy to take orders from, but rather silent when within the walls of Headquarters unless he wanted information from another Timekeeper. Leon made a beeline towards Timekeeper Ellini, a Timekeeper that had taken a desk job after twenty years, and one that he knew fairly well, having worked with him for several years before retiring from active duty ten years ago. She looked at him when she saw him head towards her, \"I would have thought that you would have clocked off by now, Timekeeper Leon,\" she informed him. \"The broadcast, Timekeeper Ellini,\" he said simply and she nodded understandingly, \"It was to every single radio that the Timekeepers owned?\" \"Every single one,\" she answered, typing into the computer, \"Don't ask me how they managed to do it. If they weren't a Timekeeper then it should be impossible. The broadcast also didn't originate from here either. We haven't had the time to trace it. Most of us had been packing up to get some sleep. I had more time than everyone else, so I stayed behind to do some background. I've run the voice through some recognition soft...\" \"You know who it is,\" he cut smoothly through her and she turned her head towards him, with a slight concern showing through her eyes, \"Timekeeper Ellini...\" \"Leon,\" she said plainly, abandoning the formal tone, \"Listen to me. I know it seems like a coincidence, the murder victim, and now the broadcast. But that case has been closed for a decade now. There is no way that it is who you think it is. Even I thought so, but we can't allow ourselves...\" \"It's not a coincidence; trust me,\" he dismissed her words easily and she leaned back in her chair, folding her arms, \"Who did the software come up with when you ran the broadcast?\" She sighed, almost angrily, \"It came up with her,\" she relented, and Leon allowed a smug expression to flit over his face before allowing the emotionless expression to settle there again, \"But they might have manipulated the voice,\" he shook his head, \"Leon, what you are suggesting is impossible. The case was closed over a decade ago, you caught her, and she is spending the rest of her life, watching as her time ticks down in a prison cell. She's not allowed visitors from the public, no telephone calls to anyone that isn't permitted, and what she reads is even regulated. There's no way that it could be her,\" Leon placed his hands together, \"When I was investigated that case, ten years ago, I learned that I couldn't discount anything because everything was part of the picture,\" he explained, \"So I am not going to rule anything out now. Ten years ago I was less experienced,\" \"Not by much,\" Ellini inputted, \"You still caught the bitch that did it,\" \"I got lucky, and she got arrogant,\" Leon said patiently, \"But I learned that I couldn't take anything for granted. And now it seems like that case is once again coming back to play the second act, and I know that everything is connected together. The murder, the petal, the broadcast. All leading me back to one thing,\" \"You aren't going to go...\" Leon looked at her silently, \"Then that is your choice, Timekeeper Leon,\" she had reverted back into the formal tone again, \"However, I would advise that you wait until you have slept and received the autopsy report in the morning,\" Leon hesitated but nodded roughly. He did need to sleep, being exhausted tomorrow would only serve to slow him down, \"I'll see you tomorrow then, Timekeeper Ellini,\" he said turning away from her, before hesitating slightly, \"And thank you for your...opinion on this case,\" the words were difficult to say. He was unused in saying them. \"Don't forget there was others on that case as well, Leon,\" Ellini replied, returning to tap on the computer, \"Not just you. She played all of us; admittedly you more than the rest of us. But, Leon, don't forget that we Timekeepers will always have your back,\" Leon nodded sharply, walking away from the woman. He had a lot to think about before tomorrow. But first he was going to get some sleep. Review and gain a virtual cookie. Any kind you wish for.[Chapter 3] Thank you for all those that reviewed. Lily, geofeo and PSPGamerGirl. Reviews really do help keep up motivation. Disclaimer: Not mine. Chapter Three: Mortuaries and Murder Murder wasn't uncommon. Before when the currency was actual currency, murder was regarded as an irredeemable crime. A crime which sentenced you to the longest jail time, and the highest disgrace possible. Those that killed another human being, nearly two hundred years ago were forced to bear society's hatred, poor prison food and you were unlikely to ever be accepted into civilisation again. Back in that time, true murder was also rather singular. Since the dawn of the age where your life was your income and the very fact that you were alive was a hazardous journey, the rate of people murdered on the streets rose substantially. Now that your money was your life, people would kill to gain a few precious hours. People would die in order for others to live. It was a mixture of desperate survival instincts, greed and helplessness. Especially in the ghetto, where you were lucky to have more than three days on your clock. That wasn't to say that society didn't approve of murder...when it was within their own time zones. The upper classes of the world disregarded the mass murder that happened within the ghettos, unconcerned with the daily troubles of most of the population of the country. They just didn't care. However when the tables were turned and one of their own was killed then they turned full force at the perpetrator, bringing all their hypocritical weight down upon them until they snapped, indifferent to the reasons why there had been the need for murder in the first place. But that was the world that they lived in, and no one could make a jot of difference. Murder had also evolved in a way. Murder and robbery now went almost exclusively hand in hand with each other. Murder was time wasteful, so the main reason for killing was to gain more time than the murderer had lost. People couldn't literally afford to spend hours planning another's death. Unless of course, you were hired to do so. And those people were rarer than finding a time capsule with more than an hour on it. Serial murderers...were non-existent. Almost nonexistent. Leon thought to himself as he walked into the Timekeeper Headquarters. There had been a few bloodstained names within the history books; people with names that brought a shudder to most of the population, accompanied with a warning about what had happened to the wrongdoers that had committed those unspeakable crimes. But they all born the same characteristics as each other. Upper-class, with decades of time at their disposal, those people had turned to murder after exhausting all other routes of interest. An occupational hazard, he thought, of having far too much time and an overinflated ego. He could count on one hand those that broke that general rule and he would still have fingers left over. Murder was simply not economical enough to have many people buy into it. And Leon silently hoped that it would remain that way. He had gotten five hours sleep. Usually that would have been counted as a good day, except his mind had decided to revisit past memories and he had found himself, once or twice, waking up briefly in a cold sweat, the distant sound of screaming still echoing in his ears. But the main point was that he had gotten some rest, which made him more alert than he had been the previous night. And memories be damned, that was a good thing. He was making good time. His clock showed 0000:00:0:10:23:43. He had collected his hours earned this morning before he arrived at the Headquarters. He had placed most of it in his personal account. He never kept more than a day on him. Many a Timekeeper had been left with nothing but a few minutes on his clock when patrolling around areas such as Dayton. Leon had made it a resolution that he was not going to be included in that statistic. \"Ahh Timekeeper Leon,\" he turned to look in the direction of the voice, and suppressed a faint sight of irritation. Timekeeper Dent, a man that was as irritating as a persistent mosquito. Incredibly fastidious about the smallest detail, Dent was the type of Timekeeper that would go as far as the rulebook would take him, and not beyond. This was opposed to Leon who, while upholding most of the laws, would go as far as he possibly could in order to get the result that he wanted. Even if it had gotten him into trouble with the higher-ups, and earned him a large pile of paperwork. Predictably, Leon and Dent had never quite managed to hit it off since Dent joined the Timekeepers, nearly ten years ago. \"Medical Examiner Peters is downstairs with Timekeeper Korsqq in the mortuary,\" Dent pressed on, flourishing his hands unnecessarily in the way that always accompanied him, \"They asked me to find you,\" Leon merely nodded, turning away and walking towards the doors at the far end of the room, \"Appreciation doesn't cost a thing,\" Leon ignored him. It took him precisely four minutes to get to the mortuary which was located in the basement of the building. As mortuaries so often were, the temperature of the place was close to freezing, and Leon was glad that he had brought a coat. Bodies of various cases lay on sterilised steel tables and his footsteps towards the two men at the other end echoed loudly on the tiled floor. A computer whirled loudly in a corner with its lights flashing dimly and x-rays of bones showing various degrees of damage hung on the lit walls. He was glad that he never had to spend a significant amount of time within this particular room of the Timekeeper's Headquarters. \"Ahh Leon, I was just about to send out a search party,\" Peters was pouring over the dead woman's body with a magnifying glass, examining something that he had found interesting, \"You've come just at the right moment. Timekeeper Korsqq and I were just discussing something rather odd that I've just found,\" he looked up at the other man, \"I would have thought you'd bring tea, a goodwill gesture,\" \"Not today,\" Leon replied, and the examiner returned to look at the body, muttering something under his breath about Americans, \"What have you found?\" \"It's rather intriguing,\" the man said, not looking up, \"But I've been examining these wounds very closely. The wounds that I mean are the ones that showed that this young woman had been tortured,\" Leon nodded, unsure of where the conversation was heading, \"However I was surprised to learn, when she was delivered to the mortuary, that only one thing was the cause of death. This cut here,\" he gestured to a small cut that was directly above the heart, \"But the other wounds that this woman sustained were delivered post mortem,\" \"She was dead when she was tortured,\" Leon clarified and Peters nodded, \"Someone made it appear that she had been tortured, in order to give us the impression that she had suffered,\" \"So this woman was dead as soon as she was stabbed,\" Peters looked at Korsqq, the blond man was looking at the body intensely as he spoke, \"What would be the point in that then, sir? Why go to all that trouble to confuse us?\" Peters looked at Leon who returned his gaze calmly, \"I believe the murderer is trying to send us a message, Timekeeper Korsqq,\" he answered, keeping an eye on Leon, \"A message that ought to be answered, if I may be so bold as to say. And as soon as possible,\" \"That's exactly what she wants me to do, Peters,\" Leon said roughly, \"Forgive me if I seem...reluctant to bend over backwards in order to accommodate her wishes,\" Peters said nothing, but folded his arms and sat back in his seat, clearly disagreeing with the Timekeeper's actions. His eyes seemed to penetrate Leon who merely turned away, looking at Korsqq, \"Have we found anything about her? Name, address, occupation?\" \"Her name is Sara Luxembourg, she's twenty five, her clock apparently only started a week before she was killed,\" Korsqq read off his notebook, \"She trained as a nurse, and gained her qualifications early. Lives in Week End with her parents who were both middle class lawyers. They apparently don't know why she was in Dayton; she never had cause to change time zones, which supports the theory that she was taken from where she was to the middle of Dayton,\" \"Best way to send a message is to send up a red light,\" Peters said, slightly smugly to Leon, \"You cannot deny that,\" Leon didn't say anything, and the British man clearly gave up on that subject, moving onto what else he had found, \"From what it appears, Sara was a very healthy girl, she ate well, did proper exercise, there's nothing physical to suggest that she had nothing but a perfectly happy life. In terms of the murder, there is some bruising on the wrists where Sara was probably bound with rope, some fingernails are broken, maybe from fighting her attacker or maybe from trying to break free,\" he lifted up her right arm, \"Fourteen minutes and one second left on her clock,\" \"If I might be allowed to ask a question, sir,\" Leon nodded at Korsqq, \"What is the significance of the minutes on her arm, apart from the fact that there is still a number of minutes left instead of taken by the murderer?\" Peters sat back, \"You joined the Timekeepers six years ago?\" he inquired of the blond haired man who nodded, \"I understand why you're confused about the minutes. That hadn't been released to the press,\" he eyed the man, \"You have no doubt heard of the Red Petal Murders that occurred nearly ten years ago. Thirteen victims, tortured, killed, and found with a single red petal by the body,\" Korsqq nodded, \"I'd be immensely surprise if you hadn't heard of it, it is the most recent serial murders,\" the man tapped the crooked scar on his face, \"The minutes refer to a...tallying system that was on the bodies, something that we never released to the public. For every single murder, a minute was added onto the clock. By the thirteenth murder, there were thirteen minutes on the clock,\" \"So whoever killed Sara Luxembourg is sending a message saying that they are there to carry on the Red Petal Murders,\" Korsqq made the jump easily. Leon was quiet throughout the conversation, preferring to allow Peters to give the very quick rundown of a case that had lasted nearly five years, \"The point...\" \"Yes, a point is made to tell us that someone wishes to restart the Red Petal Murders but coupled with the broadcast that was made a mere few minutes after Timekeeper Leon arrived, the message also seems to incorporate the manipulations of the original killer,\" \"I was aware that the Red Petal Killer was in Month Close Prison,\" Korsqq frowned, and Leon nodded slightly, \"How could she have made the broadcast if she's watched daily by the Timekeepers,\" \"She is indeed watched most carefully,\" Peters looked most enthralled by the story he was telling, \"And that brings us full circle. Only someone who knew the case file could have known about the time on the clock, and the only people who know about that are Timekeepers who were on the case and Marie Howard who was the original killer,\" The doors of the mortuary opened and Ellini walked in, her face twisted in a contorted frown, \"What is it?\" Leon asked her. She looked at him silently, and Leon privately thought that the temperature had dropped a couple of degrees. He already knew what she was going to say before she opened her mouth. \"Another body has been found,\" she told him, swallowing heavily, \"Fifteen minutes on her clock, red petal next to the body,\" she bounced nervously on her feet, \"Gabrelli wants to talk to you,\"[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: Not Mine. Chapter 4: Directors and Bridges Giovanni Gabrelli was a man of words, not actions. He disliked methods of violence, preferring softly spoken persuasion to do its work. Physical force, he felt, lowered the whole reputation of the profession and created problems-and people- that he would rather not have to deal with. He had risen quickly through the ranks of the Timekeepers, taking a desk job relatively early in his career, his diplomacy skills better suited for office work than out in the field. From there, he had managed to become one of the youngest deputy directors that the Timekeepers had ever had. At the age of 55, he now spent his time managing international and internal affairs and making sure, above all else, that nothing threatened the relatively peaceful stability of the Timekeepers. Which was why he now had a problem. In the space of two days, two bodies had turned up, bearing the distinctive trademarks of the Red Petal Killer. Red petal found, the numbers rising with every death, signs of torture. And yet the Red Petal Killer was safely locked up without any chance of being set free. He should know; he was required to make a monthly visit to see her. He knew that she was aware of what was going on outside the walls of her prison. Earlier that day he had been told that for the first time in ten years, Marie Howard had spoken willingly to the guards that were stationed outside her cell. On the same day that the first victim had turned up in the streets of Dayton, she had asked how the weather was. All was done with a smile on her face. The guards at that time hadn't realised the significance of her question and had dismissed it. When the news had filtered through, they had been quick to place her under high alert. Now the second body had turned up, and Gabrelli was under pressure to do something quickly before pandemic broke out amongst the Time Zones. There was a knock on the door of the office, \"Come in,\" he said softly, and sat back as Raymond Leon walked into his office, \"Sit down,\" he gestured slightly to the chair in front of him. Timekeeper Leon had always made him wary. He had been a Timekeeper before Gabrelli and had remained a field agent even after the younger man had left. Like many other people, he felt Leon was slightly unnatural. Who wanted to be in danger forever? Nevertheless, he recognised that Leon was perhaps one of the best Timekeepers in the force. And Gabrelli recognised the usefulness in having a Timekeeper that old in the system. However he also felt that Leon could prove to be a liability. A double edged sword and he hoped that this proposal wouldn't backfire. \"You wished to see me, sir,\" As usual, Leon's face was expressionless and Gabrelli faltered slightly at the sign of it. How was he going to broach this subject to him? He shuffled the papers lying on his desk, \"You are aware of the new development, Timekeeper Leon?\" Leon only nodded slowly, \"The second body in the space of two days, wearing the signs of the Red Petal Murders, and then the broadcast that was made late last night,\" Gabrelli tapped the tabletop, uncomfortable with where this conversation was heading, \"Naturally, Marie Howard has been placed under even more security than previously,\" he looked at the older man, \"The Director and other deputies feel that...under the circumstances...that more information is needed. From the source of the problems,\" Leon's face still didn't show any emotion, \"Are you suggesting that someone go and talk to her?\" he inquired, and Gabrelli nodded slowly, \"Ten years ago, it took five months to get anything remotely relevant out of her, and even then it wasn't what we wanted at the time,\" \"Which is why we want you to talk to her,\" Leon didn't appear to react to that, and Gabrelli took that as a good sign and pressed on, \"Ten years ago, you managed to catch and arrest Marie Howard. You were the one she confessed to, the only one she would talk to,\" Gabrelli hesitated, \"And of course, you have a lot of personal...\" \"The only reason that she confessed to me was because I sacrificed a lot in return,\" Leon cut through his superior's words, \"I doubt she would talk as easily to me again,\" The Deputy Director clasped his hands together, \"I believe you would be wrong in that, Timekeeper Leon,\" he told him, \"In all the time that I have been to see Marie Howard, she has never once said one single word unless it was forced from her. She doesn't speak to anyone unless it was for a reason. The broadcast yesterday was directed at you, that I have no doubt,\" he looked at the man curiously, \"You have not visited Month Close State Prison once in ten years?\" \"Once, eight years ago,\" the blue eyed man replied coldly, \"I didn't speak to her and I was only there for ten minutes. If I may be blunt, Deputy Director Gabrelli, I do not feel that talking to her will achieve anything apart from give her satisfaction about how easily we do as she asks. She doesn't do anything without consequences,\" \"Yesterday morning, for the first time in ten years, Marie Howard willingly talked to one of her guards,\" Gabrelli said bluntly, \"Somehow, she's managed to coordinate two murders from behind bars. Her telephone calls are monitored, any letters are checked thoroughly and she's not allowed a single visitor which we don't have paperwork on. But somehow she managed to make a broadcast, and murder two people via an accomplice. We need to find out how she did it, and we need to find out quickly before another body turns up and the media move their eye in our direction,\" \"If you feel that is wise, Deputy Director Gabrelli,\" Leon stood up, \"When should I make my way there?\" \"This afternoon,\" Gabrelli replied, inwardly relieved that Leon hadn't resisted more against this idea. But then, he suppose, Leon had always had the tendency to do what was expected of him. If this was the only way through the case then he would visit the one person that he didn't want to ever see again, \"The guards have been notified to your arrival, and are expecting you. They will informed you of the rules that have been set in place,\" he pulled a file towards him as the taller man walked towards the door, \"Timekeeper Leon?\" the man looked back, and Gabrelli felt the tips of his ear grow slightly red, \"The telephone calls? Have you ever listened to the messages that she's left or even have the wish to pick up the phone?\" he felt ashamed of even asking. \"No,\" Leon answered, \"I don't feel that there is any reason that I need to listen to what she has to say to me,\" Gabrelli looked away from the stare, surprised at the blunt honesty, \"And the day that I pick up the phone is the day I forgive her for what she did. I suppose you know the contents of the messages?\" \"Yes,\" Gabrelli stated, \"They're in her file; I have to read what her correspondences are every month. Perhaps you should read them. They're very...poignant,\" Leon seemed to show a slight smile, but it was perhaps just the light, \"Good day, Deputy Director Gabrelli,\" he inclined his head and striding out of the office without a backwards glance. Gabrelli wiped his brow. That had gone better than he honestly expected. How has he ended up here? Leon stared at the whitewashed walls of Month Close State Prison, silently dreading every footstep that he had to take closer to the person that lied within. How long had it been since he was last here? Truth be told, when was the last time any Timekeeper willingly visited here? The occupants were only those that were deemed a danger to society. Most crimes were punished by time being taken from them. Only certain crimes gave you any time within prison. To visit them was not a job that many Timekeepers relished. And he had been ordered there. He walked quickly across the tarmac, walking up the steps slowly. He knew he was wasting time being this slow, but he couldn't help himself. Pushing the door open, he walked over to Timekeeper Klass who had the unfortunate occupation to be stationed here, \"Are you here for business or personal interest, Timekeeper Leon?\" She smiled at him, as he handed her his gun. He looked pointedly at her, \"So you're here about the broadcast, and the copycat murders. It's been the main topic of conversation for our residents,\" \"What was she doing at the time?\" Leon asked, \"If every radio was broadcasting the same message then her guards would have heard it on their radios. She would have known when it was happening. What did she do?\" Klass shrugged, \"Not much, sir,\" she replied, \"She had already spoken that day so we were keeping a closer eye on her. She never talks to us,\" she swallowed, \"I don't know, sir. She was just lying on her bed, looking at the ceiling. There's more security around her now than there was when she arrived here. No one can figure out how she was able to get it out without anyone picking it up. Everything she does is monitored. Letters phone calls, even her words,\" she raised his gun, \"You'll get it back when you leave here, Timekeeper Leon. You need to go straight down the corridor; it's the door at the end. The guards there will brief and scan you,\" \"Thank you, Timekeeper Klass,\" Leon said, turning and walking away from the desk. He ignored the looks that the other guards gave each other as he passed them. He thought he faintly remembered them from eight years ago. He directed his thoughts back to the main topic at hand, walking down towards the door at the end of the corridor. How had Gabrelli managed to persuade him into coming here? Every doubt that he had came flooding back to him, and he almost turned back. He steeled himself; there was a reason why he had to do this. He had to find out why she was doing this now. Ten years was a long time. The door opened automatically when he approached it, and he went inside, his eye quickly growing accustomed to the white interior, \"Timekeeper Raymond Leon,\" a guard at a desk said and he turned towards the man. He was reading of a piece of paper, \"Occupation: Timekeeper. Age: 73. Marital Status: Divorced twice,\" Leon mentally rolled his eyes; he really needed to be reminded of that. The guard finally looked up, \"Place all personal items in the tray,\" Leon looked at the black tray, pulling out his keys, radio, badge, mobile phone and any other items from his pockets, depositing them, \"Stand in the scanner,\" the other guard told him, and he moved to where he was directed. Now he was here, the quicker this was, the quicker he could leave. The red light scanned over him, \"Clean,\" he stood back, \"There are a few rules which you have to always follow when you're in the cell. Do not give her any information about the victims' families. We don't think she knows the details of the latest murders, so don't tell her any personal information about that. Try not to take anything she says personally, she likes messing with peoples head,\" \"I am aware of that,\" Leon answered dryly, \"I interrogated her for five months,\" \"Then you should have no problem with following the rules then,\" the first guard said, \"If you want to leave then press the green button on the side of the cell. We'll activate the bridge and someone will be there to collect you,\" \"Excuse me?\" Leon was puzzled, \"Bridge?\" \"You haven't been here for a while then, have you?\" the first guard asked him, and he shook his head, \"New security measures implemented five years ago. She's on her own little island,\" Leon looked at the other end of the room seeing a door and about fifty metres from what he could see was a large drop, there was a room supported without any connection to the rest of the prison. Like an island in the middle of an ocean, \"The authorities wanted her to be more secure than her previous cell,\" the guard explained, \"So one of us will come and collect you when you press the button,\" he looked back at the rules, \"Your conversation will be recorded both audio and visual,\" \"Don't expect her to say much,\" the second guard added, as Leon stood in front of the door, watching as a bridge extended itself across the gulf, \"Hasn't said more than five sentences to us willingly, and we've been here for three years,\" the door opened, \"I'll wish you good luck,\" Leon walked through the door, hearing it hiss closed behind him. He moved slowly towards the cell, seeing a white clad figure within it. It was, he supposed, too late to back out now. He stepped through into the cell, the bridge receding behind him. Like the rest of the prison, the cell was lit with white light. The walls were made with glass and the furniture within was also clear. He looked around; there was a small pile of books resting on a desk, a lamp glaring over them. A bed was placed against a wall, the covers pulled tightly over them. The whole place was cold and formal, and seemed to fit with the memory that he had of her. A picture frame caught his eye, and a cold anger washed over him as he saw who the occupants were. He hadn't realised that she had been allowed to keep that photo. There were no other personal items within the room. He crossed over to it, picking it up and studying it carefully, ignoring the woman who was sat beside a table, facing away from him. \"You're late,\" Does anyone know how old Leon is? I know in the film he states that he's been a Timekeeper for 50 years, so I've assumed that he became a Timekeeper at 25. Next Time: Conversations and Unwanted Memories[Chapter 5] This chapter was honestly the most difficult chapter I have ever had to write. I'm still not completely happy with it. The ending changed about ten different times, and most of what I did write will probably be in future chapters. But still I'm...sort of happy. You'll have to tell me what you think. Thank you all that reviewed last time, and those that helped me how with the question of how old Leon actually is. I'm going to go back over the previous chapters to tweak the ages here and there. I like being accurate with these things. Disclaimer: Not Mine Chapter 5: Conversations and Unwanted Memories \"Late?\" His voice rung out in the silence of the cell. She was still turned away from him. \"I expected you yesterday,\" he placed the picture down, moving slowly round her, and leaving a wide area between them, \"And then when you didn't appear, I thought then, perhaps, this morning,\" she wasn't looking at him, \"Once again, you have exceeded my expectations. Almost five in the afternoon and you are only here because you were ordered to. I believe that if you had the power of free will then I would still be waiting. And mostly likely waiting for a very long time,\" She finally looked at him, and for the first time in ten years, he looked into the face of Marie Howard. She hadn't changed, but then why would she? Forever stuck as twenty five. Perhaps she looked a little gaunt due to the lack of natural sunlight and decent food, but essentially it seemed to Leon that he had never been away. She still had the unruly black hair that never could quite decide between curls and waves. She still had the green eyes that always seemed to be half open, giving her the look that she was half asleep. \"You've cut your hair,\" the words sounded ridiculous as he said them and he swallowed slightly. He sat in the other seat across from her, seeing that her hands were handcuffed to the table, preventing her from moving around the cell, \"Extra security measures?\" he inquired. \"They seem to think that I am going to attack you,\" Marie Howard replied airily, shifting in her seat, the metal handcuffs squeaking with the movement, \"Completely unnecessary of course. Why would I attack you when I was the one to bring you here...\" \"I was ordered here,\" he was quick to correct her. \"It's the same difference,\" she shrugged, \"Do you think that Gabrelli would have ordered you here just because a few people died? Of course not. That's why I had to make it...personal, tailored specifically to you. Therefore, it serves Gabrelli's interest for you to be here because he thinks you are to be the one to get information from me. It serves my interest because I get you here. And it serves the guard's interests because they've wanted me to talk for a very long time,\" she smirked coldly, \"How does it feel to be blown back and forth, Leon? I imagine it can be quite frustrating,\" \"You are not my psychiatrist,\" his voice was cold, \"Don't try to get inside my head,\" she merely leaned back in her chair, her chin raised in defiance to him. It hardly seemed like it had been ten years since he had been the one interrogating her. She had been wearing the same expression on her face then, \"Why am I here?\" \"To talk, it's been a long time,\" he could feel her eyes moving across his face, \"Truth be told, I had been hoping that you would come and visit in your own time, not just as business,\" he held her gaze, not allowing her any inch to gain the advantage over him, \"I am quite ashamed to lower myself down to this level,\" \"Which level? The one where you had two people killed?\" He inquired bitingly, \"Tell me honestly, Marie, why do you think that I would ever come and visit you willingly?\" \"If you don't know the answer to that, Leon, then this conversation will get us nowhere,\" she answered and silence fell over them. He couldn't quite bring himself to look away from her. Why was he here? He could have put a greater argument against Gabrelli, citing a number of different reasons why he should not even be on this case, let alone sitting across from the one person that had been always able to see right through him, \"I hear you got married again,\" \"Divorced,\" he only just managed to say the word. A laugh pealed out of her mouth, slightly raspy from lack of use, \"How long did this one last?\" She mocked him slightly, \"Tell me, how long was it before you noticed that she was gone?\" He didn't say anything, and a flash of sympathy passed over her face, \"You're not a cruel man, Leon; you're just married to your job. You always try to fit with their expectations, to do the right thing, but in the end it doesn't work out, you fail to keep the charade up. So you end up alone, like me,\" Leon didn't react, but hating that she was as good at reading him as she had been ten years ago. \"Why did you want to know?\" He asked her, folding his arms across his chest, having them act like a barrier. \"They like mentioning it,\" he blinked, at her slightly disgusted words, \"The psychiatrists. They somehow seem to think that I will react to any information about you. Maybe I do, but they shouldn't keep trying to bait me. It might upset my feelings,\" Her personality hadn't changed, going from childlike to serious in a matter of seconds. He'd always been of the opinion that she was mentally unstable. Marie continued, \"It is good to see you again. You left so quickly last time,\" he hadn't realised that she had seen him eight years ago, \"Do you like my new cage?\" \"It suits you,\" he snapped, and the smile was immediately replaced with an expressionless look, dull and bored. He had placed her on the defensive and for an explicable second, he felt a wave of guilt. He shoved it aside for another question, \"Ten years is a long time to wait to get me here. Why such a long time if all you wanted to do was to catch up with me. You could always make another phone call,\" She didn't react to that bait, \"Ten years?\" She frowned slightly, \"You know, I hadn't realised that it had been so long. Time doesn't work in here,\" she gestured for him to look at his arm. The numbers were flickering; time wasn't counting down, \"Stasis lock. I'm here to serve out my entire sentence before I'm officially timed out or pardoned, depending on what they decide. I'm leaning towards the former,\" She swallowed, grimacing, \"But to answer your question, why shouldn't I ask you to come now? Truth be told I also want to play a game, and I have the time in which to do that,\" she looked over to the picture that he had picked up, sighing lightly, \"Do you remember that day?\" \"Yes,\" he replied tersely. He did not want to go there, but couldn't help but ask, \"Why do you have that picture in here?\" \"The guards let me have it,\" she shrugged, \"Sentimental reasons, it was the best day of my life,\" she said, \"Everyone was so happy. Well,\" she shot him a look, \"Nearly everyone was happy. You didn't look so happy, as I recall. Had there been something on your mind?\" He remained silent, and Marie finally looked away, \"I loved her,\" He barked out a laugh, cold and unmerciful. She didn't flinch at the sound of it, \"Love?\" He questioned, \"You can't love. What you did wasn't love. You're a psychopath, Marie. I doubt anything can touch that frozen heart of yours,\" \"I beg to correct that statement,\" she whispered slightly, and for a second he saw the person behind the mask that she wore. Someone who looked rather saddened by his comment. But in a flash, the mask replaced it, so fast that he would have thought that that what he had seen was merely his imagination \"Psychopaths don't know the difference between right and wrong. I'm afraid I did know the consequences of what would happen, and I still do. I just chose to ignore them,\" Marie leant forward as far as the chains would allow her, \"Everyone needs something that goes bump in the night. You should know that,\" \"You consider what you did a public service?\" He asked, \"You tortured and killed thirteen women,\" \"No...\" She shook her head, \"No...You let me torture and kill thirteen women,\" Leon stared at her, unwilling to reply, \"You knew it was me, how could you not?\" She smiled triumphantly, \"And yet you did nothing. You allowed people to die, that's harsh, and ever so...\" she bit her bottom lip, \"Sweet,\" \"I didn't have the evidence...\" \"You didn't have the evidence when you arrested me either but it didn't stop you then,\" she searched his face, almost frantically, \"It's all right, you know, it's a human reaction. You didn't know what would happen, you trusted me to do the right thing, and of course, in the end, revenge is truly a great motivator. I nearly made you snap,\" she leant back, \"You see, I know I'm a sick and twisted individual, and society is safer to have me in here, behind bars, but it doesn't change the fact that you are also as equally involved by not doing anything to stop me,\" Something had changed. The atmosphere seemed to be charged with tension though neither of the occupants were angry. Leon wasn't sure what to make of it. She was as confusing as ever and he was beginning to have more questions than at the start of this conversation. They had slipped through so many subjects, never really focussing on one,. He looked at the clock hanging on the wall to see how long he had been there only to find that it had been stopped. 12:34. He dreaded to know what the significance was. \"How did you manage to get the broadcast out of the prison?\" he said and Marie let out a long sigh, unwilling to answer the question, \"Who have you got killing people? What is the point of it all? What was the point of any of it? Even at the beginning,\" She brightened at the sound of the latest murders, \"Tell me, how did my baby bird do?\" She asked, confirming that they were connected to her, \"I did wonder how well they'd follow my instructions to the letter. They are such a good baby bird after all but I have told that I'm a hard example to follow,\" \"They lack your...sadism,\" he informed her, knowing that at this point all the rules that he had been told had been shot to hell, \"The torture was conducted post mortem,\" she didn't react, and he realised that she had already known. How had she gotten her information? There was no way into the prison to smuggle any letters, \"They also are moving quicker than you. I doubt they're as careful,\" \"No I suppose not,\" she mused lightly, tilting her head back and forth, \"But you know, they are just a little baby bird attempting to fly without Mummy bird watching over them. Baby bird has to fly sometime,\" she cocked her head, looking at him with a smile, \"Did you really think it was just a coincidence? At the beginning? The fact that there was the petal, the numbers...\" \"How long is your sentence?\" He inquired, deliberately trying to provoke her, \"A thousand years?\" \"I just have nine hundred and ninety years to go,\" she replied dryly, the humour draining out of her, \"No chance of parole. I'm stuck in here forever unless other circumstances arise,\" she smiled softly, \"How are they all doing without me?\" He didn't know whether they were talking about her victims' families or the Timekeepers, \"I do miss them ever so much,\" he stood up, walking past her, finally giving up with asking her anything, \"You won't find my baby bird, you know,\" he stopped, \"Not unless you have my help,\" she smiled, \"Tell me, did she have blonde hair?\" She was talking about his ex-wife again, \"No, she had black hair,\" he answered, and he watched as Marie burst into peals of laughter. The action made her face suddenly come to life and she shot him a look to tell him that she knew the significance of his answer. He placed his hands down on the table, looking at her closely, trying to detect a single sign of remorse or even a flicker of self satisfaction. All he got was the cold hard truth, something that he didn't particularly want, \"Do you dream much, Ray?\" she asked him, when she had stopped laughing. He fought the urge to recoil. This conversation was suddenly veering into dangerous waters, \"Sometimes,\" \"I often wonder what it would be like to dream,\" she murmured, her tone slightly wistful, and her eyes unfocussed, \"I do see them though, remember how it was like to...\" he moved away, pressing the button on the side of the door, \"You have twenty four hours to start at the very beginning and find what links the two women together. There's a reason in everything. If you don't succeed then my baby bird kills another. Because Ray...\" she turned around in the chair to look at him in the eye, \"Everything that happens from now on is down to your actions. Tick tock, goes the clock, we laughed at time and mourned her. Tick tock, goes the clock...even for the keepers,\" she dissolved into laughter again as the door slid shut behind him, and he was determined that he should never return. It was a pity then that Leon wasn't there to hear the laughter turn into tears of sadness. Marie's hard to write. On one hand you need her to be at least sane enough to have an intellectual conversation, but on the other, you've got to recognise that she's been in solitary confinement for ten years with mainly only guards and a psychiatrist to talk to. It'll be enough to drive anyone insane. And she wasn't exactly sane to begin with. So it's hard trying to find that balance. Reviews=new chapters. It's a guaranteed equation. Next time: Archives, Dust, and Librarians.[Chapter 6] Christmas present to you all today. I've been ill this week so this isn't my favourite chapter. But as it is Christmas...And all the reviews are got made my day. Disclaimer: Not Mine. Update: 14/04/12- Edited this a little, because I realised that the plot wouldn't make sense for the next chapters. Chapter 6- Archives, Librarians and Dust 22:00:00 The Public Archives. A vast building, one that was championed by many scholars alike, was where Raymond Leon now stood. A building that housed all the files of the case he was now investigating. And he didn't even know if he was going in the right direction. Fantastic. Why was he jumping for Marie? He really wondered why. She was a pathological liar, she was mentally unstable and she treated the whole situation as if it was a game that could be played out, like chess. On second thoughts, the whole situation was like chess, with Marie and him on opposite sides of the board, playing against each other. And she seemed to be winning. So why was he even bothering to try when he knew that this was just a game? 'Because lives were at stake', his thoughts replied back to him. 'You can't stop playing because somewhere there is another woman being tracked down and will be dead in less than 22 hours if we don't find a link between Sara Luxembourg and Raquel Lighthower. The name of the second victim had been radioed over to him by Korsqq who was even now searching through the evidence locker to find something on the two women. Peters was also working on the bodies to see if anything physical held the connection. And he was at the Public Archives to go over a case that once upon a time, he knew from the inside out. And there was something about Raquel Lighthower that nagged at him. He knew that name from somewhere. He pushed open the door and couldn't restrain a sneeze. The smell of dried old books always made him sneeze. He shook his head to clear the feeling and moved towards a shelf. Now would Red Petals Murders be under R for red, or M for murders? Or was it neither and under H for Howard? Or perhaps T for Timekeepers? He needed to get a move on with this. Time was something he couldn't afford to waste at the moment. He looked at his clock. 0000:00:0:06:16:31. And he had 22 hours till his deadline was up. He went to M, searching quickly for files pertaining to the case at hand. Mary...Morph...Murdock...Murphy. He frowned, coming up with nothing, and rapidly moving over to H. \"Are you looking for something in particular?\" he turned at the voice, seeing a woman standing in the aisle. She had a wide smiling face with curling blonde hair that framed her face. Leon raised an eyebrow, \"I'm Lyra Starling; I'm a Librarian for the Public Archives. You look rather lost,\" He pulled out his badge, showing it to her, \"Timekeeper Raymond Leon,\" she nodded, \"I need to get the files for the Red Petal Murders,\" he looked around, \"And I'm not sure what it would be under,\" she smiled, \"Would you be able to help?\" \"Yes, it's my job,\" she led him over to a computer, quickly typing on the keyboard. He looked at her as she worked. She had a quiet unassuming face, uncomplicated. Worlds away from the woman that he had left a few hours ago, \"If you want the biography of Marie Howard then you would have to look under H, but if you want the case files then it'll be with the Timekeeper category,\" she led him around to the right shelves, \"Timekeeper files are ordered alphabetically,\" He quickly thanked her before pulling out the files that he needed. He had forgotten how many there had been. He opened the first one, his fingers flicking through the pages. Blood samples...DNA analysis...crime scene photos. He pulled them out, and instantly closed his eyes, regretting the action immediately. He had forgotten what the original victims had suffered. Whoever was killing now didn't have the relentless sadism that the original murders bore. Leon felt slightly grateful for that. He dropped the files on a nearby table, sitting on the chair, and holding the pictures up to the light. There were even more discrepancies between these and the two victims that now lay in the cold morgue of the Timekeeper Headquarters than he realised. The positions of the bodies were different, the eyes were open rather than shut, and there was something...about the women which were different. The women that were killed then seemed to run along the same pattern. Now it appeared to be random. Leon felt this was...significant somehow, but he couldn't put his finger on it. His radio buzzed in, \"Timekeeper Korsqq here, sir,\" he picked up the radio, \"I've been looking at both victims' personal effects and there doesn't seem to be any correlation between the two,\" the blonde haired Timekeeper sounded troubled, \"They just have the typical belongings of any woman. Makeup, mirror, keys, there's nothing particularly unique. Raquel Lighthower was married so there's a ring included in her possessions. From the evidence it just appears that the only thing tying them together was that they were both murdered by the same person,\" \"There's a connection,\" Leon answered, \"I don't know what it is at the moment, and I don't know what we'll do once we know what it is, but there is one,\" Korsqq was silent on the other end, \"Does Peters have anything?\" \"He says that Raquel Lighthower was murdered in the same way as Sara Luxembourg,\" Korsqq told him, \"The torture was enacted after she was dead. Single stab wound above the heart was the cause of death. Physically it appears that both these women were murdered by the same person. So we could rule out that this was a group effort?\" \"No,\" Leon tapped his chin, \"No we can't afford to rule out anything yet. We miss something and we might just cost another person their life,\" he flicked open another file, looking at a witness statement, \"Do we know anything about Raquel Lighthower? You said she was married,\" \"Raquel Lighthower,\" there was a rustling of paper, as Korsqq tried to find the information, \"Bit of a different story than Sara Luxembourg. She was forty nine years old, nearly double the age of the first victim. She was married at thirty five, and worked as an estate agent. Lived in Month Estate, and she has one daughter named...Sophie. Run of the mill...to all the world, ordinary,\" there was a pause, \"Sir, have you considered that perhaps these people knew Miss Howard and were killed because they knew something that she didn't want them to know,\" \"I haven't ruled that out,\" Leon said, \"However previous knowledge tells me that it's unlikely. Marie Howard was always rather...solitary. To be frank, I am surprised that she even condescended to work through her baby bird,\" the words were spoken mockingly. \"Sir?\" Korsqq sounded confused and Leon realised that he hadn't told the younger Timekeeper about that detail. \"Her associate,\" Leon clarified, \"She likes to refer to them as a baby bird,\" he cleared his throat, focussing on the files in front of him, \"After you've finished with the evidence, I'll need you to go and find out who has had contact with Marie Howard while in prison. Check their backgrounds,\" \"Yes, sir,\" Korsqq replied, before pushing forward with a previously unspoken question, \"Do you think that Marie Howard or her associate will allow us to find the connection within the time allocated, sir?\" Leon didn't say anything, \"From what has been described about Marie Howard, merciful isn't one of those words. How do you know if she'll play fairly?\" \"I don't, Timekeeper Korsqq,\" Leon said sharply, \"But there isn't any fun in playing a game when you don't allow your opponent any chances. Marie Howard said that she'll give us twenty four hours to find a connection and to start at the beginning. The woman that I knew ten years ago never said anything without backing it up. She might have gone even more insane in that cell but I don't think that would have changed,\" he collected himself slightly, \"Report back to me when you've found something,\" he clicked off the radio, resisting the urge to throw it across the room. Damn her. He looked down at the scattered photos, picking up one, and seeing it reflected in his memory. A connection. There had to be a connection. And it would have to be a pertinent connection. He dropped the photo; he had to find something soon. 20:00:00 Two hours later and Leon had found nothing. He had four hours left on his clock and he was acutely aware that time was slipping away faster than he liked. Spread out in front of him, were witness statements, photos, preliminary examinations of the bodies. He could hardly believe that all this was available to the public. But then the Red Petal Murders had happened ten years ago, and there had been such a public movement to have the records released. He hadn't realised that they contained so much. Five years of case notes in front of him. His radio crackled into life again, \"Medical Examiner Peters,\" the British man's voice came through the speaker, \"How are you doing with the case files, Leon?\" \"Fine,\" Leon wasn't in any mood to properly talk, \"I haven't found a connection between the two women and I'm starting to think that if there is one, it's very obscure,\" \"You know that isn't true,\" Peters answered, \"Marie isn't someone who makes things impossible. She likes someone winning against her sometimes...correction, she likes it when you win against her. It's a connection that only you can find,\" Leon heard slight humming, \"How is she?\" \"Insane,\" Leon replied without hesitation. He leant back against his chair, \"She's even more fractured than she was when she went in there. I would have thought that ten years would have made her just a little...regretful. It seems I was mistaken. Other than that, she's exactly the same as she was. She even looks the same, maybe a little thinner,\" he rubbed his eyes, \"Have you found anything on the bodies? Any connection?\" \"Not a connection, no,\" Peters said, \"But I have managed to pull a partial print,\" Leon looked swiftly towards the radio, \"It's not of much use, I'm afraid, and it was only by luck I managed to find it. This murderer seems to shut their eyes and they managed to leave behind a tiny print on Raquel Lighthower's eyelid. I've managed to isolate five points but there could be millions of people matched to it. I'm telling you this because this makes it clear that this person, whoever they are, is sloppy. If you remember, Marie was always careful. There was never any chance of any evidence left on the body when she was killing women,\" \"This person is going at a much faster rate than Marie,\" Leon agreed, \"As you've just told me; they're more likely to leave traces. Eventually they're going to make a mistake which we'll be able to pick up,\" he rummaged through the files, \"There's also another thing...\" \"The murderer knows who they're going to kill,\" Peters finished, \"Yes, I thought that would be it. Which makes it more than likely that they're watching certain people?\" it was phrased as a question, \"Either way, time is growing short with us. You haven't found any connection with Marie herself?\" \"Not that is in these files,\" Leon answered, \"There has to be a connection with Marie herself. She considers everyone else to be below her, if there was a connection outside Marie herself then she would deem it to be inferior. She wants to cause me pain as these people die. I refuse to allow her the upper hand in this. She's...\" he ran his hands through his hair, something that marked how frustrated he was, \"She's Marie. Just Marie, like always,\" \"You know, I always was fascinated with your relationship with Marie,\" Peters informed him, and Leon glared at the radio, not liking where the conversation was heading, \"It always used to be so...aggressive. Like two predators circling each other, never quite going for the kill. You did a good thing in arresting her and placing her into prison, but I'm not sure it placed the...dead to rest. You both have unresolved issues that will always be a point of contention between you,\" Leon closed his eyes, the image of a crime scene flashing before his eyes, \"I don't believe that anyone should get away with murder, Peters,\" he said, \"As Marie so lovingly informed me this afternoon, I allowed five people to die before doing anything,\" \"You didn't have the evidence,\" Peters' voice had turned surprisingly gruff, \"If you had arrested her without the substantial evidence then she would have walked and probably have killed even more people than she already had. You did not allow those five to die; you knew you couldn't have acted before you did. You should let them rest,\" \"When I arrested her, I had no more evidence than I did when I first suspected her,\" Leon snapped before visibly drawing himself together, \"I apologise Peters, I am not feeling myself today. I don't usually allow myself to...become emotional,\" \"It's an unusual case and a personal case,\" Peters said, \"Marie ripped a hole in many people's lives, and it's still painful. You have every right to feel more keenly, Leon, most especially you,\" Leon wished that he could say something at that point, \"I visited her four years ago,\" \"I didn't know that,\" \"No, I deliberately didn't tell anyone,\" Peter's voice sounded remarkably conversational, \"When I saw Marie, she wasn't repentant either, but there was a wish that she had that you would visit her. It made me think that she intended for you to arrest her ten years ago. Thirteen is a rather auspicious number after all; and of course A...\" \"I don't pretend to know what's going through that psychopath's mind, Peters,\" Now Leon was quick to cut through the medical examiner's words, \"All I know is that Marie wants me to play a game with her and she intends that the consequences to settle decidedly on my shoulders,\" He spied a sheet of paper tucked in one of the files, and pulled it out swiftly, \"Leon?\" there was a note of concern on the other end of the radio, \"Leon, are you all right?\" \"The twelfth victim: Antonia Kentwood,\" Leon said, \"Murdered ten years ago, same M.O. as the rest of them, but there was evidence of another person at the scene,\" the memory flashed before him, \"There had been a footprint...\" it was all coming back to him, and he berated himself for having forgotten, \"Can you get the medical reports of the autopsy of Antonia Kentwood? Tell me what you find. We didn't find anything then but then Marie was still around,\" \"Where are you going with this, Leon?\" Peters inquired, \"You still haven't found the connection between the two women,\" \"If...let us say if...I am right about another person being present at the time of Antonia Kentwood's murder, then we know that Marie had an accomplice ten years ago,\" Leon explained, \"It's not illogical to conclude that the person then is the person now. Marie wouldn't have included more than one person in her activities. The connection between the women must have something worthwhile, something that this accomplice knows about. We just have to find that in...\" he checked his watch, \"Nineteen hours and thirty minutes. It'll be close,\" \"That's if you find them,\" Peters didn't sound too thrilled, \"Leon, where on Earth are you going to start looking for this accomplice? There's hundreds of millions of people scattered across the different time zones. Any one of those might be the killer. You can't search that many people in nineteen and a half hours. It's insane,\" \"We know that this person has crossed two different time zones,\" Leon pointed out, \"They've gone into Dayton, Month Estate and Week End in the past couple of days. That's going to show up on the system, we check those people up against our records. I can get Ellini to do that,\" he stood up, quickly pulling all the case files together, and placing them haphazardly on the shelves once again, \"Meanwhile I'm going to go to Marie's old apartment, try and see if there is anything there that will lead me to finding something on Marie's baby bird,\" \"You know that she's not likely to have anything there, and Marie never told anyone where she murdered her victims,\" Peters said, \"What makes you think that you'll find anything at her old apartment. That place can't have been visited by anyone for a decade,\" \"When her flat was being searched, we weren't looking for an accomplice, only something that would incriminate her,\" Leon walked towards the entrance of the place, nodding briefly at Miss Lyra Starling, who flashed a startled smile in reply, \"Maybe there was something we missed. It's a good a place as any to start,\" \"You're treading dangerous ground, Leon,\" warned Peters, \"Don't underestimate anything or rule out anything. That's been your motto for ten years now,\" \"I'm not,\" Leon got into his car, \"I'm going by my instincts,\" So things should be speeding up a little now. It's mainly a filler chapter, I think. See you next time. Next Time: Apartments and Pictures[Chapter 7] I'm so sorry that I haven't updated in nearly four months, but this year so far is not going too well. I've been ill, and then as soon as I recovered my laptop decided to corrupt it's hard-drive, and it took about a month to get the files off it, because we couldn't find them. So it's taken about two months to find everything. Needless to say I'm not feeling too charitable towards technology at the moment. But here is the next Chapter. I've also updated the previous Chapter, just changed some things around that I thought didn't fit. This isn't my favourite chapter. Disclaimer: Isn't mine. Chapter 6- Apartments and Pictures 19:00:00 Glass crunched underfoot, the shards embedding in the soles of his shoes. Leon winced slightly, disliking the feeling, but walked further into the apartment. It was truly a horrendous mess. The windows were frosted with tiny cracks, the wallpaper was peeling and dust lined almost every surface. What he had stepped on were the grimy remains of a shattered wineglass, the significance belonging to the past. He could tell that no one had been in here for years, nothing had been disturbed. He practically stood in the dust of memories. When she had lived here, Marie had always been ridiculously meticulous. Everything had been clean, and dust was non-existent. Everything looked pristine, and orderly. Looking at the room now, it was like the world had been turned on its head, bastardising the value that the apartment once held. Leon was strangely wrapped up in the memories that were presented to him. So much had happened here, that he hardly knew where to start. \"Where do you always start, Leon?\" Marie's voice floated to him and he turned around just to check that she wasn't actually behind him. He chastised himself roughly. Of course she wasn't in the room, \"Come on, Leon, where do we start?\" he rubbed his temples, looking around, seeing it clearly. He was in serious trouble if his conscience had decided to take the persona of the most amoral person he had ever known. Someone who didn't understand ethics, \"We start...\" \"In the bedroom,\" he finished the sentence, crossing the floor quickly, and leaving deep prints in the dust. He entered the smaller room, seeing that it was as it ever had been. Going to the desk which was in the far corner he found that the drawers had been locked. He hadn't remembered searching them when he had conducted the search on the apartment ten years ago. Now where would the key be? He looked around, where would be the most likely place that someone would hide a key? \"Where's the most likely place I would keep a key, Leon?\" Marie corrected him, and he ignored it, preferring to study what was in front of him. He ran his fingers over every surface trying to find anything that would lead to finding a key. Where would you hide a key...? Where would Marie hide a key? He stopped in front of the desk again. The only place to hide something was where no one would look. And no one would look... \"Right in front of them,\" he murmured, looking at a picture of a desolate landscape. He took it off, turning it over. A key was strapped to the back and he quickly took it off. It would be Marie to have an old fashioned key, not electronic. He inserted it quickly into the desk, \"What do we have here, Marie?\" he took out the contents, spreading it out on the desk, \"Pictures?\" For the second time that day, he stared into the faces of fifteen dead women, all differently positioned. He sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. He didn't need to see these again. He pulled open the other drawers, seeing a few files. Nothing important, these were files from cases that were from long ago. A remnant of a life that had long disappeared. He flicked through them, the memories coming back to him, and he almost smiled at them. He leant against the desk, looking at the room around him. There was so much here that reminded him of Marie even when she hadn't stepped foot inside her apartment in a decade. Even if they knocked down walls, painted new colours and replaced the furniture, it still would be irrevocably her. Not that anyone would want buy the apartment. It appeared that ever since the arrest and subsequent trial, the whole block of apartments had been vacated rather quickly. He slightly pitied the landlord. He couldn't rent the flats and he couldn't sell the whole block. All for the murder of thirteen... He stopped, turning back to the desk. Thirteen murders but fifteen photographs. And he had been the first person in here for ten years. Something wasn't right. Searching through the photographs, he placed them into order from memory, finding the two anomalous victims. He didn't recognise them, and he was sure that they weren't Raquel Lighthower or Sara Luxembourg. When they had searched the flat after the arrest of Marie, they had gone through everything, nothing had been left out. So either they had missed the photographs or they had been placed in the desk afterwards. He would have to find an inventory of what they had recovered from the search. \"What do you think, Leon?\" Marie asked and he closed his eyes, ignoring the voice, \"Make a decision. Look,\" his eyes snapped open looking around the room, \"The desk was locked, and the dust on the floor is undisturbed. To all the world, this room has not been entered. So explain the photographs. How could they have remained unnoticed by everyone?\" \"Because they got in through the window,\" he crossed over to the window and opening it. He looked down seeing a fire escape below them, \"Either someone very tall or a good climber,\" he turned around, \"But why would someone bother to place...\" He stopped, \"This is your doing,\" \"Mine?\" Marie's voice mocked him slightly, \"I am merely a voice in your head, I am not to blame. This doesn't really bode well for you, if you're imagining a conversation with me. You really must miss me more that you allow yourself to show;\" he didn't bother to reply to that, \"Do you? Miss me?\" \"You don't understand sentiment, Marie,\" he murmured, going back into the living room, holding the photos. Peters would know about the identity of the women, but that was later. He grabbed his radio, \"Timekeeper Leon to Ellini,\" the radio fizzed and spat static at him, \"Timekeeper Ellini?\" He hit it and it finally focussed, Ellini's voice coming in, \"Timekeeper Ellini here, Leon. I've done what you asked me to do; I've checked the people going in and out of Dayton in the past three weeks. The trouble is that we don't know whether the killer kidnapped and kept the victims for a couple of days before killing them. I've managed to narrow it down to around just under five thousand people, eliminating duplicates,\" \"Crossing time zones is unusual,\" Leon answered, \"Especially from Dayton, there can't be thousands of people crossing the lines, every single day. That's illogical,\" \"I haven't ruled out any public servants,\" Ellini's voice was hesitant on the other line, \"Fire brigades, doctors, teachers...Timekeepers,\" Leon didn't answer, \"I know I should think higher of our colleagues but I was thinking that I have to keep an open mind. It's just a precaution,\" \"No,\" Leon cut through her, \"No, you've done good. You're right not to exclude everything. Check their backgrounds, see if anything stands out, I want information on where exactly they have been within the Time Zones, see if any of them fall off the radar. You've done a good job in this,\" He sighed, \"I'm on my way to Headquarters. I've found pictures of two women that I don't remember ten years ago; I'll need to check the victims again. I think someone's also been at her apartment,\" \"She's insane, Leon, of course she's got her people playing games with us,\" Ellini answered, \"The women that were killed were murdered with no DNA evidence and a very precise M.O. It doesn't take a genius to jump to the conclusion that perhaps they weren't her first murders. They do say that practice makes perfect. Howard is a psychopath, she gets off on twisting people to get her own way,\" she paused, \"What does her apartment look like?\" \"Dusty,\" he replied, \"I wouldn't say that Marie is insane, she knows what she is doing and deliberately ignores any moral view,\" he walked towards the window, rubbing some dust off it and looking at the view, \"Get back to me as soon as you can about those people. Try to see if any of them have visited Marie in prison, we need to find out as much as we can. Time is ticking down faster than I would like,\" he clicked the radio off looking around the flat again, and breathing in the musty smell. It was a pity that such a beautiful place had fallen apart. Not unlike its owner. He crossed into the living room, searching carefully amongst the dusty furniture. So there was evidence that someone had been in the bedroom. Was there anything that was in the rest of the house? He tapped the table top, thinking heavily, before looking around carefully. Nothing. Was the pictures just a distraction to him or were they left here accidentally? Well they had succeeded in trying to distract him. These women were going to be a constant reminder in his head. 17:00:00 \"They're women that went missing nearly fifteen years ago,\" Peters told him, surveying Leon through a plastic mask which was painted with flecks of blood from the autopsy he had just been performing, \"Cold cases,\" he stripped off his filthy latex gloves and walking over to the computer in the corner and typing on it quickly, \"I remember them because they didn't make sense. Molly Hooper and Stephanie Caelian, best friends. Vanished into thin air before turning up three months later dead. They had been kidnapped, the crime scene pointed to it, but there wasn't any mark on the bodies that showed that they were anything but healthy...happy girls. It was very odd,\" he looked at the other man, \"And you say you found them in Marie's desk?\" \"Yes, clearly they were placed there to distract me into finding out who they were,\" Leon said, smiling wryly, \"And it's worked. We've got two women dead in reality and two dead women fifteen years ago. I don't know whether it's connected but I find it very odd that they've just appeared,\" \"Ignore these women, Leon,\" Peters leaned forward, \"Focus on the connection...that is all you need to do. Leave these with me,\" he took the photographs off the Timekeeper, and Leon nodded, \"Was there anything in her apartment that would lead to something?\" \"Apart from the photographs? No,\" Leon folded his arms, \"What...you think I missed something?\" \"Well...\" Peters shrugged, \"No, I don't think that Leon, but you have to admit that this is playing out to show us more dead-ends than ways forward. We are running out of time and you need to start working on the connection before it's far too late. We can't allow Marie to kill another person, even though it's another person,\" he tapped his mouth thoughtfully, \"I suppose the next step of the journey would be to talk to the victims' families yourself and determine whether they knew Marie Howard in any capacity,\" \"Surely they have already been questioned after their relative was found murdered,\" Leon answered coldly, \"Didn't Korsqq ask questions when he talked to them?\" \"Leon, I don't think you have noticed but we are very overrun here,\" Peters answered, \"Of course Korsqq asked the family the standard questions to the families that we are meant to ask them. But we haven't even broached the question of Marie to them yet. As soon as we do, you do realise that media will be all over this,\" Leon sighed in frustration, rubbing his eyes frantically, the other man frowning with concern, \"This was never going to be clean and easy for you, Leon,\" \"What do you suggest I do, John?\" He saw with satisfaction that the medical examiner looked slightly chastised with the use of his first name, \"I have seventeen hours left to find a connection and I can't allow any time to go to waste here,\" \"I understand completely, you can't allow yourself to step down when you know that there are lives at stake,\" the British man frowned in worry, looking at his watch which showed the time, \"Look, no one apart from us is going to be up at this time of night, so you can't go and talk to the families now,\" \"I know, there is something that I'm missing here, Peters. Something staring me right in the face,\" Leon bit his lip in thought, \"There's something...\" he shook his head, breaking out of the trance, \"It'll come to me eventually,\" \"Let's just hope that it isn't too late,\" 12:00:00 \"Got some sleep, sir?\" Korsqq sat down in front of Leon, holding out a cup of coffee and the older man sighed, before taking it, \"Managed to get some time to run to the coffee cart. Seems hard to sleep when we're on a deadline to meet, so I thought it would help keep you going,\" Leon merely smiled, not betraying the connection of thoughts and emotions that were churning around his mind. And the two were silent for a minute that seemed to go on forever. \"Did you do the background checks on Marie Howard?\" Leon asked Korsqq. \"Yes, sir,\" the blond haired Timekeeper said, opening a file, \"The guards that were on duty. The psychiatrics that were sent by the state. Her lawyer visited several times, but he usually phoned, and rarely visited,\" he thumbed through the phone records, \"Gabrelli visited several times, and so have the other deputy directors. Then there was a visit by Medical Examiner Peters four years ago, and one eight years ago by yourself,\" he frowned, \"Her phone calls only consist of the minute each month to your phone, and of course her lawyer,\" he flipped a piece of paper, frowning. \"Letters?\" Leon inquired, sipping the coffee. \"Receives subscriptions from the Times and the Daily,\" Korsqq answered, \"Two newspapers, once a day. Oh, and magazine subscription to the National Medical Society, that she started receiving four months ago,\" Leon frowned at that, \"That's a weekly magazine. Personal letters are scanned and read in case there's anything suspicious in them. But there aren't very many. A letter three months ago from a Reverend Paul Simons, replying to a letter that Miss Howard had on the New Testament. I didn't realise that Miss Howard was religious,\" \"She's not,\" Leon replied dryly, \"Well she never was particularly religious ten years ago, and I doubt that she has changed her tune. If you have that level of control over people, then you start to think that you're God. She believes in a higher power and that is herself,\" \"Why do you think she is writing to a Reverend then, sir?\" Korsqq pulled out the copy of the letter, \"It seems pretty straightforward to me, 'I saw your letter in the paper about how society must not forget that a man who was crucified next to Jesus repented his crimes, and was forgiven ...' it goes on to inquire what the Reverend's view on how much the Bible forgives a crime. You think that it is a code?\" \"No, I think that it's Marie trying to disillusion yet another person, but it definitely needs to be looked at,\" Leon rubbed his eyes, \"And look into this National Medical Society. Something doesn't seem right about that. It's too...banal. Other than anatomy that she used to use, I can't remember whether she was interested in medicine,\" he picked up the different pictures, \"Radio me when you find something,\" The younger man nodded, standing up, before pausing, \"We will find the next victim in time, sir,\" he informed Leon, who looked up at him, \"There is a connection between Raquel Lighthower and Sara Luxembourg, and we will find it,\" he inclined his head, awkwardly, not used to stating something so boldly, before walking away. Leon didn't have time to ponder the other Timekeeper's words for long as a shadow crossed his path, making him look up, resisting a grimace. \"Timekeeper Dent is there anything I can do for you?\" he queried the man politely, inwardly concealing his annoyance at being distracted. \"Deputy Director Gabrelli sent me to inquire how you are getting on with the case pertaining to the Red Petal Killer,\" Dent informed him, stiffly, \"You have twelve hours left, and there is a press pack outside which is ready to tear every Timekeeper that steps out of the building,\" \"How did they find out about this case?\" Leon asked, interrupting the man, \"We haven't released anything to the media. Are we sure that it's about this case and not another one,\" \"You haven't seen the early morning edition of the Times today, have you?\" Dent held up the newspaper which bore the title: RED PETAL KILLER STRIKES, \"It's rather a dull title, but it does its job. We have about fifty reporters camped outside wanting a word with you. They even have a picture of you,\" Leon took the newspaper, \"Shit,\" he murmured, scanning the paper, before throwing it away from him, \"I suppose Gabrelli will be doing a press conference,\" \"In about an hour,\" Dent confirmed, \"Which is why Gabrelli wants to know how far you've gotten with this case and what information you've managed to gather,\" \"Marie Howard might have linked to two cold cases that we have, we think she killed them before she was sent to prison,\" Leon said tersely, \"We now that there is someone that she is working with who is killing these people, and there is evidence of accomplices in the past. We're currently doing background checks on everyone that has interacted with Marie since she's been in prison, and we are still looking for a connection between the two victims that were killed in the last couple of days. Is that enough for you?\" Dent stiffened, \"Perfectly, Timekeeper Leon,\" he answered, \"I'll inform the Deputy Director,\" he stalked away, and Leon ran his hands throw his hair, frustrated. No results made him feel agitated and irritable. He took a glance at the two photographs pinned on his wall of Molly Hooper and Stephanie Caelian. He knew that they were a distraction to this deadline but he couldn't help but want to start digging through that file, now that he'd hit a block with this case. He rubbed his temples, feeling a headache threatening to come on. \"You call me a headache now, Leon?\" He couldn't help but jump slightly at the sound of Marie's voice in his head. He had to stop with this mental projection of her. It wasn't remotely normal or even classed as sane, \"You're going to be labelled as schizophrenic if you carry on imagining that I'm here, Leon. Perhaps we can get neighbouring rooms,\" He ignored the voice. It was merely a by-product of too little sleep and too much caffeine. He checked his watch: 07:34:43. Enough time. He needed this connection. Sara Luxembourg. Twenty five. Raquel Lighthower. Forty nine. And neither of them crossed over into the others territory. Living in different areas. And both seemingly completely random. But somehow they were connected. How? And why murder them now? Ten years is a long time, even if Marie didn't realise how long it had... Leon started suddenly. Marie didn't realise that it had been ten years. She could have been any amount of time for her, but she had chosen to act now. There had been something...something that had triggered a sudden change in the way that she planned. He rifled thought the file that Korsqq had left him, running a finger down the phone calls that she had made. He stopped on one that had been made five months ago. One phone call that lasted two hours to Jacques Le Blanc, her lawyer. He picked up the file that contained the Red Petal Murders, finding the file stating that five months ago, the files of the trials and hearing of Marie Howard would be able to be released to the general public. Four months ago she ordered the National Medical Society's magazine. Sara Luxembourg had trained as a nurse. Leon was out the door before the papers of the file could settle. She could hear the sound of heavy footsteps treading their way through the metal tunnel, and she fingered the heavy silver knight chess piece, before moving it on the checkered board. The light blared loudly in the room, making her eyes hurt slightly, but she refused to close them. All her little white pieces were prepared now. The Pawn. The Bishop. The Rook. The Knight. The Queen, and the most precious piece of all. The King. All of them dancing around to the tune of what she wanted, even though she was trapped in this little box of a prison. Even the man heading towards her was tied up in this game of control. She couldn't wait to see them play together. The doors opened slowly and she smiled slightly before stretching up, turning towards her visitor, \"Ahh...I've been expecting you,\" a smile played around her mouth, \"Fancy a game of chess, Director?\" So...still not my favourite chapter. But I'm almost finished the next chapter, which I like a bit more. Next Time: Parents and Reporters[Chapter 8] I'm back! And my deepest apologies for being away for two weeks, I think. Exam period has begun and I've already had to do a three hour music technical writing paper, which really made no sense to me, but never mind. On with the next chapter. Disclaimer: Not Mine Chapter 8- Parents and Reporters 11:00:00 \"Yes, it is true that the two women that were found murdered in the previous week were committed by someone whose believe to have been in close contact with Marie Howard: the Red Petal Killer,\" The worst part of his job, Gabrelli thought, was having to addressed the rabid pack known as the media. They were parasites living off the misfortunes of others. Anything slightly morbid and they would pounce on the story; tear the subject into tiny pieces. And although he believed that Marie Howard deserved everything that came to her, he didn't want her to be infuriated at something that a reporter wrote in a newspaper or magazine. That woman was too easily prone to violent outbursts when provoked If he had his way, then this investigation would be conducted in secrecy, no press involved. He wasn't even sure how they had managed to get the information that they already had on this case. Probably some junior Timekeeper accidentally letting something slip to the wrong person, but he would still be chasing up whoever was idiotic to have it leaked to the papers There were a ridiculous amount of reporters here today, and all were clamouring for his attention \"Deputy Director Gabrelli, is it true that Marie Howard is working with the Timekeepers on this case?\" Kris Allegri from the Times asked over the din of noise. \"Marie Howard is not working with us on this case, although we believe she is heavily linked to the perpetrator of these crimes. She is a criminal being kept in prison,\" he assured them, \"We will be interrogating her on what she knows about these murders, but rest assured, she will be serving her prison sentence, and she will be answering for the crimes that she has committed. The Timekeepers on this case are working as hard as they can to find a connection between these two women, and I strongly implore the public to come forward if they have any information pertaining to these murders,\" \"Deputy Gabrelli, do you think perhaps that the Timekeepers that are working this case are perhaps too close to it?\" he fixed Cheryl Handel from the Daily with a raised eyebrow, allowing her to elaborate although he had a feeling at what she was getting at, \"It's no secret that Timekeeper Leon has a particularly personal agenda to the Red Petal Murders. His-\" \"Timekeeper Leon is one of the best Timekeepers on this force and I want the best on this case,\" Gabrelli cut through her words, \"Every personal connection that he has to the Red Petal Murders is an asset us. He spent five minutes interrogating and detaining Marie Howard. He knows how she works and he can use that to find out exactly what she wants with this mindless killing,\" \"You definitely think that Marie Howard has been able to orchestrate these two murders from inside Month State Prison?\" Miss Kolkov demanded. \"The evidence points that way, and Marie Howard has been placed under even more security in lieu of this revelation until we find this accomplice,\" he answered stiffly, \"She will not get away with this and she will be even more closely monitored,\" He nodded at another reporter, \"A serial killer is walking around the streets, and you didn't make a formal statement until this morning when we arrived,\" Andrew Bertram from the Monthly Post demanded, \"Don't you think that the public should have been notified as soon as Sara Luxembourg was murdered?\" \"We are dealing with a serial killer who wasn't caught for nearly five years,\" Gabrelli stressed, \"A serial killer who has managed to orchestrate two murders behind bars. Naturally we wished to keep the public from panicking or being whipped up into hysteria. We need this case to be solved unheeded by obstacles. Time is of the essence and we don't want to allow this killer to slip away from us. The Director and the Bureau do not wish for a repeat of ten years ago to occur again,\" \"What advice would you give to the public?\" Jonathan Swift from the Weekly called out, \"Will there be more Timekeepers on the streets to keep a vigil?\" \"Common sense precautions,\" Gabrelli said, \"Do not go anywhere alone. Make sure someone knows where you are at all times. Avoid any areas that might be shady, and keep a phone on you. Until we find a connection between the victims, we don't know who is next to be targeted,\" He was prepared to step down from the podium when Miss Handel called put from the crowd, \"How do you know that there is a connection between. Sara Luxembourg and Raquel Lighthower? They lived in different time zones, had different lives, were completely different ages. How can you be sure that there is a connection?\" Gabrelli sighed, his hands resting on the sides of the podium, \"Because Marie Howard has given us a deadline to find the next person with the same connection,\" he said tiredly, \"No more questions,\" he stepped down walking into the building. He checked his watch; they were running out of time. 10:30:00 Leon was speeding along the road, hitting his radio on the dashboard, trying for it to work. What was wrong with it? Maybe he just needed to replace the battery. \"Do you want to borrow mine, sir?\" Korsqq asked him, holding out his radio. Leon had run into his office, quickly double checking different things on his files, before telling the younger Timekeeper that they needed to visit the Sara Luxembourg's parents. Leon took the radio, \"Timekeeper Ellini, this is Timekeeper Leon,\" he spoke into the speaker, \"Did you find cross reference those people with Marie?\" \"I did, but I didn't find very much,\" the female Timekeeper answered, \"Her lawyer Jacques Le Blanc has crossed those time zones, but then he's been making trips like that nearly every month. The Timekeepers that work in the prison, the guards that work there, Gabrelli...the Director. There's too many variables to see with this. Did you find something?\" \"Five months ago, the court records for Marie's trial were released,\" Leon told her, and Korsqq looked at him, \"The next day, Jacques Le Blanc conducted a two hour phone call with Marie. She then started to subscribe to the National Medical Society magazine. Sara Luxembourg was a trained nurse,\" \"And you think there is a connection amongst all of this?\" Ellini inquired, \"I'm not sure, Leon, this seems to be very tenuous, and slightly easy. How do you know that you're on the right path? We've got ten and an hour hours left,\" \"I'm going to talk to Sara Luxembourg's parents,\" he replied, pressing the accelerator on the car, \"I need you to talk to Jacques Le Blanc, or at least hold him until I get back to Headquarters,\" \"All right, Leon,\" she relented, \"I'll pick up Le Blanc,\" the receiver clicked off and Leon tapped the side of the car as the car speeded along. \"What do you think the connection is, sir?\" Korsqq asked, \"Something to do with the Medical Society?\" \"No, I think the magazine was a way of checking something to do with Sara Luxembourg, which shows that Marie at least knew the first victim,\" Leon explained, \"And somehow that ties into the court files, but that doesn't put us any closer to who the perpetrator is or who is next on the killer's list,\" \"Then shouldn't we be looking at the court files?\" \"We could, but I much rather get information straight from the parents,\" Leon told him, his mind involuntarily lost in memories, \"Talking to the parents is always difficult,\" 15 Years Earlier \"I hate talking to the parents,\" Leon looked over at the woman who was paired with him. Amused green eyes looked back at him, and he shook his head, involuntarily smiling. \"They cry, they plead, they are rarely helpful,\" Marie Howard continued, as they walked towards the house, \"Most of the time you can't hear what they're saying,\" \"You're not very good with sentiment, Marie,\" he answered, \"Perhaps you ought to let me do most of the talking. We don't want another complaint on your behalf,\" she shrugged lightly, her jacket hanging loosely on her frame, \"Did you go and see the doctor?\" \"Doctors?\" she muttered, \"Yes, he said I should take the antidepressants earlier in the evening,\" they stopped in front of the gate, \"Tell me, Leon, do you think that perhaps the drugs just make everything worse? I'm not sleeping, I'm feeling fat, and I've still got pain in my shoulder,\" Leon looked at the house, \"And we're just about to inform two parents that their precious daughter has been tortured to death,\" \"A family deserves to be told what happened,\" he said shortly, \"And who knows, maybe their daughter was in contact with the killer,\" He saw Marie flash a wry smile, \"Now that would be rather...fortuitous,\" she answered as they crunched up the garden gravel, \"Did you hear what the papers are calling these murders? Amazing how quickly they come up with...little monikers. Well they mustn't disappoint their readers,\" \"I didn't see the papers this morning,\" he remarked, \"What are they calling them?\" Marie appeared to study the front door, running her tongue over her teeth slowly before answering. \"The Red Petal Killer,\" She knocked on the door. Present Day- 10:00:00 The door opened to show a man dressed in casual slacks and a jumper. He didn't look surprised to see the two men. Leon saw that his eyes were slightly red rimmed. \"Mr Luxembourg?\" Korsqq said and the man nodded, \"I'm sorry for intruding again, but my colleague and I have some follow up questions pertaining to your daughter. May we come in?\" \"Of course,\" Mr Luxembourg held the door open wider for them, \"My wife is in the living room, please go through,\" they walked into the living room, and Mrs Luxembourg smiled watery at them, \"They just have a few follow up questions for us, Gloria...concerning Sara,\" \"Of course,\" she said, clasping her hands together tightly, \"Anything to help catch the person who did this,\" she looked at Leon, \"The papers say that it appears to be an accomplice of Marie Howard,\" \"Yes,\" Leon answered, \"And you will be aware that another woman was murdered as well: Raquel Lighthower,\" the two parents looked at each other, \"Does that name mean anything to you? Because we have been made aware that there is a connection between your daughter and Mrs Lighthower. And we need to find this connection before seven tonight,\" \"The name Raquel seems familiar but I wouldn't be able to tell you where from,\" Mrs Luxembourg replied, tears threatening to fall, \"Sara was a good girl, she wouldn't have gotten involved with anything dangerous. Kept her head on...only just started her clock, gave her a week to celebrate, Leon surveyed her carefully, she was hiding something but he wasn't sure what, \"Very well, Mrs Luxembourg, what connection did your daughter have with the National Medical Society magazine?\" The woman looked confused, \"She sometimes wrote articles for that magazine,\" she shrugged, \"It was part of her course, to get something published, but she would always use a pseudonym, thought it was kind of fun,\" she picked up a copy of the magazine that was lying on the coffee table, and opened it to a page, \"See,\" she handed it to Leon, \"Patricia Strozzi. Does this have something to do with her death?\" \"Korsqq, could you radio Headquarters and see if a Patricia Strozzi was ever mentioned in the court files,\" Korsqq nodded at the instruction, \"And find out whether Raquel Lighthower ever wrote something in a newspaper or magazine,\" the other Timekeeper disappeared into the other room, and Leon looked back at the Luxembourgs, \"You are both lawyers,\" they nodded, \"Did either of you have any connection with the trial of Marie Howard ten years ago?\" \"We were both in the prosecutor's office at that time,\" Mr Luxembourg answered, \"But we weren't part of the team that trialled Miss Howard. We were just about to leave and start our own business during the trial actually,\" \"We sat in on some of the court trials,\" Mrs Luxembourg added, \"But I think everyone wanted to. I'm sure you remember that, Timekeeper, there was such a hysteria and fascination that she had been arrested and been brought to trial. Sara was only fifteen and we all went to see one of the trials,\" she swallowed heavily, \"Poor thing had to leave halfway through, she wasn't feeling well,\" She was babbling now. \"Mrs Luxembourg,\" Leon leant forward, looking at the woman in front of him, and the woman looked up at him, \"Mrs Luxembourg, I have ten hours to find a connection between your daughter and Raquel Lighthower, and find the next person who had been targeted. I do not have time to be lied to,\" a red blush spread over her face, \"My colleague is in the other room, he will not be able to hear what you have to say. Believe me; I know what Marie Howard is capable of. Now, do you want to try again?\" She looked at her husband who nodded, \"I don't know the details but I know that Sara had to talk to the Timekeepers, ten years ago,\" she sighed, \"But I swear I don't know what it was for. All Sara would say was that she could help with something,\" \"And Raquel Lighthower?\" \"I told you that I don't know that name,\" Mrs Luxembourg insisted, \"I remember a Rachel that she mentioned once around that time,\" Leon nodded in thanks before standing up, \"Sara was fifteen when Marie Howard was killing people. All she used to do was schoolwork and volunteer part time. There's no way that she was involved in something to do with Marie Howard,\" \"Where did she volunteer?\" he asked swiftly. \"A support group,\" she answered, \"They had meetings biweekly. Saturdays and Wednesdays. She stopped going when she turned eighteen,\" \"Then it's rather lucky that today is Wednesday,\" Leon replied dryly. Korsqq returned to the room, \"Raquel Lighthower had something published a few months ago, it was amongst her possession, but she went by the name Rachel Lichtenstein,\" he told Leon, \"But this was in an real estate magazine. The name Patricia Strozzi was interesting though. Apparently we interviewed someone with that name during the investigation of Antonia Kentwood. But there isn't any statement, only a note at the bottom of the front sheet,\" \"Somehow I'm sensing a recurrence with that victim,\" Leon remarked, \"Signs of an accomplice and now this. I remember working Antonia Kentwood's murder, but I don't remember anything to do with interviewing anyone other than her friends and parents. Who was the Timekeeper that interviewed her?\" Korsqq hesitated; \"It was Marie, wasn't it?\" he turned to the Luxembourgs, \"Thank you for your time, it's been extremely helpful,\" He turned to the door. \"Timekeeper Leon?\" he looked back at Mrs Luxembourg, \"Whatever the connection is between Sara and Raquel, they didn't deserve to be killed like that,\" she looked at her husband, \"Sara was a good girl...I have to know...why someone would have done this. That's all I want to know,\" He turned to her, tapping his mouth, thinking hard, \"Your daughter didn't deserve to die, Mrs Luxembourg, and your assessment of her is probably correct,\" he stepped closer, \"And I am sorry that she is dead, because no one deserves to die because of Marie Howard,\" \"But why?\" she repeated. \"Because there is a very damaged woman in this world who likes to play games and push people to their limits,\" he admitted, \"And she is someone who will never stop if I don't find a way to stop her. But I promise you that I will stop her, even if it takes a thousand years. I will stop her because I know her,\" \"Thank you, Timekeeper Leon,\" Mr Luxembourg told him, and Leon inclined his head, heading out of the house. \"That was nice, sir,\" Korsqq said. \"I meant every word,\" 8:30:00 \"So this support group,\" they were walking towards a hall situated at the end of Month End, after getting obtaining the address, \"We know that Sara Luxembourg volunteered here, and Raquel Lighthower might have been associated with it. Antonia Kentwood was also a member. And Marie Howard seems to be targeting its members,\" Korsqq clarified, \"Her M.O. ten years ago was targeting random women. What do you think has changed?\" \"She's acting through someone else this time,\" Leon reasoned, \"It may have something to do with Marie, but it also has to do something with her accomplice. Whoever they are, they have an attachment to this place,\" he opened the door, \"I'm interested to see how long Marie has planned this out,\" They walked into the reception room of the hall. It was painted a cream white colour, and it was of a moderate size. Not somewhere that Leon was familiar with. It held a warm feeling, and gave the impression of a safe atmosphere. A girl was at the computer in the reception area, and she looked up when the two men approached her. \"No men,\" she said immediately and Leon looked at Korsqq, \"Sorry, you can't go in,\" Leon held up his badge, \"I'm Timekeeper Raymond Leon; this is my colleague Timekeeper Korsqq. We are investigating a murder, and we need to talk to the members of this group as soon as possible,\" he looked at her coolly, \"Can you go and tell them that we are here?\" she looked at Korsqq, her mouth slightly open, \"Now,\" \"Yes, sir,\" she stared at them as she walked through the two doors. Korsqq looked rather amused at Leon, as the latter roller his eyes in irritation. They were running out of time. The girl shortly returned, \"Mrs Cavalli says that you can come through,\" she told them, \"Sorry,\" They nodded at her before entering through the doors. This room was bigger, and a chandelier hung from the ceiling although it gave off the same safe feeling as the reception room. Around twenty women were all positioned in a circle, all appearing twenty five, but Leon could see that they were from all different Time zones, although no one from Dayton was present. They wouldn't have been able to afford to cross the Time zones. \"Timekeeper Leon,\" he looked a rather stiff woman dressed in something that he was sure was from New Greenwich, \"This is most unprecedented. I hope that you have a good reason to barge into this meeting,\" \"I am investigating a double homicide, Mrs...Cavalli?\" she nodded stiffly, \"As you have no doubt heard Raquel Lighthower and Sara Luxembourg were murdered this week by someone connected to Marie Howard,\" he was getting tired of continually explaining this to people, \"What does this support group do?\" \"A bit of everything,\" she informed him coldly, \"We started off helping women who had been affected from domestic violence before branching out to help women of all different backgrounds. I don't see how this has anything to do with your double homicide,\" \"Sara Luxembourg volunteered here ten years ago,\" she looked faintly disbelieving, \"Perhaps you know her as Patricia Strozzi,\" recognition bloomed on her face, \"Is it a policy of this group to have fake names?\" \"It helps,\" the woman next to her informed him, \"Some women don't want to reveal who they are and so we use fake names to make them at ease. If they want to tell us their real names then they can, but we don't insist on it. It's worked well so far,\" \"So if I said: Rachel Lichtenstein,\" the women looked at each other, \"So Raquel was a member of this group as well,\" he looked at Mrs Cavalli, \"So if we include Antonia Kentwood, three of your members have been killed in connection to the Red Petal Murders. That is shaping up to be quite a connection,\" she folded her arm, \"What does Marie Howard have to do with this group? As far as I was aware she never joined a single group, and yet she is killing your members?\" \"Marie Howard?\" she laughed slightly, and Leon felt himself getting irritated by this woman's attitude, \"Well, we all know how well you knew Marie Howard, Timekeeper Leon,\" he held her gaze, and she raised her hands, \"Marie and her sister Anna joined this group thirty five years ago, with Lisa and I,\" she gestured to the woman next to her, \"Didn't you know?\" \"This is extremely inconvenient, Timekeeper,\" Jacques Le Blanc informed Ellini, \"I had a very important meeting today which I have now had to reschedule. Would you care to tell me why I have been dragged in here?\" \"We need to discuss your business with Marie Howard naturally,\" she replied, \"We have reason to believe that you are connected to the subsequent murders,\" the man in front of her chuckled slightly, \"Is that funny?\" \"Yes,\" he told her, \"I would be breaking my client's confidentiality if I told you what business I had with her. She is entitled to the same privileges as every other inmate at Month Close Prison,\" Ellini audibly scoffed, \"I don't make the laws, Timekeeper, I only make sure that my client is not deprived of her rights as a person. I see you don't agree,\" \"Marie Howard is someone who I believe shouldn't be entitled to the same privileges as usual prisoners,\" she admitted, \"She killed over thirteen people and has now gotten someone else to kill another two. She abuses the rights that she has and no one ever questions it. Why do you defend someone who is clearly guilty?\" \"Well she does pay very well,\" he said, \"All her time collecting seconds while not being used. Her investments paid well, especially when it came to her trial,\" he leaned back, \"And I have to admit, she is certainly a very interesting individual. I'm sure you could testify to that, Timekeeper Ellini, you did work with her,\" \"And I regret every day that I was her friend,\" she answered, \"I think that every single Timekeeper that worked with her wishes that they could redo those years again. She fooled a great many people,\" Jacques merely smiled, \"You don't believe me?\" He spread his hands in an apologetic manner, \"I am merely interested in what you have to say about Marie, I know that she's interested in how the Timekeepers are coping without her,\" he said, \"I'm sure she'll be happy with the assessment that you give her,\" \"I could care less what Marie Howard thinks,\" Ellini said frankly, \"The woman is insane and a monster,\" \"Yes, but she was made that way,\" Jacques replied, \"She wasn't born like that,\" Ellini didn't say anything, \"I am sure that Timekeeper Raymond Leon can testify to that,\" So onwards and upwards...tell me what you think Next time- Past and Present[Chapter 9] I'm back, not as long as the last time I was properly away but still quite a distance, my apologies. Nevertheless, here's the next chapter. Disclaimer: Not Mine 30 Years Ago \"All I am saying, Leon, is that every Timekeeper has to take on a junior Timekeeper now and again,\" Timekeeper Fasch told the younger Timekeeper, \"You've been a Timekeeper for fifteen years now, naturally they would ask you,\" they walked through the building, \"Realistically, how hard will it be? Just keep them in the car when talking to people, don't let them shoot anything, and make sure that they don't drive,\" \"You are not the one that has to make sure that they don't get killed, Fasch,\" Leon replied, \"I don't have the time making sure that a inexperienced boy doesn't make a fatal mistake,\" he waved a hand that held a cup of coffee, \"I don't understand why Ellini doesn't watch over him. She likes all the new recruits,\" \"Ellini's been relegated to District 8,\" Fasch told him, \"She's been placed on double shift, the Director wanted to smooth everything over with the complaints she got on handling the fraud case. You're not going to be able to get out of this mentoring scheme, Leon,\" Leon ignored him, going over to the secretary on his floor. He had forgotten her name again, \"I'm looking for the new Junior Timekeeper, he's supposed to be here already from the Academy,\" \"Yes, Timekeeper Leon,\" she pointed to his office, \"They arrived ten minutes before you, and is waiting in your office. I told them to just go ahead and wait there until you arrived. I hope that wasn't-\" Leon walked past her, cutting off her words. \"Tough break, Leon,\" Fasch clapped him on the back, chuckling at the other Timekeeper's misfortune, \"We'll catch up later, and you can tell me about your new ward,\" Leon flashed a humourless smile in his direction before walking to his office. He stopped at the door, seeing the occupant inside it. A photo frame was held lightly in the woman's hand, and he felt a slight shock when he realised what photograph it was. He cleared his throat and she looked up, towards him. He nodded pointedly towards the photo and she placed it down on the desk, \"Thank you,\" She took the seat in front of his desk, \"Wife?\" she inquired lightly, and he saw her properly. Clearly appearing twenty five, unruly black hair and he caught sight of green eyes. He still didn't know why she was inside his office. The woman's mouth twitched upwards a little, \"Ex-wife, my apologies,\" Leon didn't react to that, \"You must be Timekeeper Raymond Leon,\" \"Yes, and I didn't get your name,\" he said. The woman looked confused for a moment, \"I am expecting someone any minute now, the secretary out there informed me that my Junior Timekeeper had arrived, but clearly she was mistaken as he hasn't appeared,\" he smiled mechanically at her, \"I apologise but you will have to come back later,\" \"No,\" she said softly, \"You are expecting me,\" she smiled lightly, \"I am the Junior Timekeeper that you are expecting. The Academy did inform you,\" he stared at her, \"As far as I was aware, I am not a boy. We will just have to put that down to...miscommunication,\" she leaned forward, holding out her hand, \"Marie Howard,\" He had no choice but to shake it. Present Day- 8:00:00 Month End wasn't as stylish as its name made it out to be. With the State Prison that was placed on its outskirts, people tended to avoid living anywhere near it and so there was a rather small population for the District. So instead of houses, there were a lot of public buildings, and organisational headquarters. The name, of course, helped with trying to attract people to the Zone, with the added bonus of being fairly cheap to cross into it from other Time Zones. A week or two. Far too high for people in Dayton and very low for people in New Greenwich. Usually Leon was fairly ambivalent towards the Zone. He had to pass through it to get to the Timekeeper's Headquarters, and it was useful in terms of finding some organisations. It wasn't ridiculously pretentious as New Greenwich and it wasn't as filthy as Dayton. Usually he felt pretty neutral towards the Zone. At the moment, he was feeling like there couldn't possibly be a worse place on earth. He was tired, he was frustrated, and he was getting very irritated with the woman in front of him. He was could feel time slipping through his fingers and he really only needed or wanted to play mind games with one person. And Mrs Cavalli was not that person. He flexed his gloved fingers, the only indication of his agitated state. \"Mrs Cavalli, I don't think you understand the nature of what you currently are in,\" he said slowly, \"I don't care whether you are from New Greenwich, and that your husband has years of time. I only care about doing my job. And having Marie Howard involved only makes me want to get to the bottom of the subject rather quickly. So make both our jobs easier because me and my colleague Timekeeper Korsqq will take you to HQ, and you will be staying there a while,\" \"Charming,\" she answered, \"It may be better to tell you...Mr Leon, that you don't have anything to charge me with,\" he sighed, feeling more drained than anything, \"I thought I was being rather helpful in terms of your investigation,\" \"Marie Howard is not a victim of domestic abuse,\" he said, \"Neither was her sister, I knew them both rather well, and they have never mentioned anything to do with abuse before,\" she smiled softly, \"Listen to me, please. In eight hours, another person is going to die, and I am willing to wager a large amount of time that they are going to be a member of this group,\" Her smile faltered as she looked into his eyes, \"You really believe that?\" she asked softly, and he nodded, \"Marie Howard was a damaged woman but she was a friend of mine for a long time. I don't want to break her trust, and I'm willing to wager the same amount that she'll hear that I've been talking to you. I'm rather fond of my life,\" \"The Timekeepers can keep you safe, ma'am,\" Korsqq told her, \"If you're being threatened them we have the resources to keep you safe,\" \"Safe is a word I tend to avoid when talking about Marie Howard,\" Mrs Cavalli replied, before looking at Leon, \"All those years ago, did you ever think that you would truly know Marie? She was like a riddle wrapped in an enigma, trapped inside a wooden box, which was buried under a hundred feet of rock. She hid her crimes from you, why couldn't she hide other things that you never inquired about,\" \"But I also knew Anna,\" he informed her, \"And Anna could never lie to anyone. And certainly not to me. That is why I don't believe that she could be a part of this group without another reason,\" he sighed, \"I really don't want to be rude, but my time is running out. If you won't talk about Marie, then tell me about Sara Luxembourg and Raquel Lighthower. Please,\" \"Perhaps we could continue this in private?\" Leon nodded and she led them out into the reception area, \"I think it's best not to speak in front of everyone else. Its rather delicate,\" Leon nodded swiftly, \"Rachel was running from her husband,\" Mrs Cavalli told him, \"She wanted to get out but she had a child that she said that she couldn't leave. Patricia or Sara merely helped out here when she was fifteen, nothing special,\" she smoothed down her skirt, \"I don't know what use that information is to you, Timekeeper Leon,\" \"Everything helps,\" he said stiffly, \"Antonia Kentwood also was a part of this group as well, she was the eleventh victim. What sort of domestic background did she talk about when she was a part of this group?\" \"Antonia was a woman who preferred to listen rather than talk,\" she informed him, \"She was only a member for a very short amount of time, three months I would guess. Her brother was the problem in her life and I always got the impression that she wanted to run as fast as she could away from life,\" \"Now, tell me about Marie and how she came to be in this group,\" \"I knew Marie and Anna rather well,\" she answered, \"Anna used to visit the same tea shop that I go to every Thursday, and we became quite fast friends. She introduced me to Marie and both of us told each other everything. About my...first husband,\" she smiled stiffly, \"And she told me about her life. It was her idea to set this group up, actually, but Anna and I took over most of the day to day business. Are you sure you didn't know?\" \"Perfectly,\" he told her, \"And what exactly was Marie's story? Forgive me; I'm still not completely convinced that she was exactly what she told you. And I still don't see the connection between her, and why she would kill two women who were abused, and a volunteer,\" Mrs Cavalli folded her arms, \"How the mighty have fallen, Timekeeper Leon,\" she mocked him, \"I remember the days where you were on the hunt for the Red Petal Killer. You seem to have lost most of your pride since then,\" he looked at her pointedly, \"I'm sure you have met Richard Daniels, Anna's father,\" he nodded, \"I'll put it simply, he wasn't the nicest man to have as your father, and Marie didn't like him,\" \"Thank you,\" Leon said tersely, \"I don't have any more questions for you,\" she nodded sharply, walking toward the door, \"Mrs Cavalli,\" she turned back to look at him, \"That protection offer is still available to you if you still require it,\" \"Thank you, Timekeeper, but I know that Marie won't try and kill me,\" she smirked, \"I haven't done anything wrong, and I was Marie's friend, despite whatever she turned out to be. And it's a pity, really, because you're trying to tracking her, and it appears you are still falling behind again,\" \"How do you mean?\" he asked slowly. \"Marie Howard was the most careful person I knew,\" she told him, \"The most meticulous, and the most planned personality anyone could wish for,\" she shrugged delicately, \"You must have wondered why exactly she made a mistake ten years ago which allowed you to catch her,\" he didn't say anything, \"There is a difference between being caught and being patient,\" 15 Years Ago \"There a point to all of this that we haven't worked out yet,\" Leon said to Marie as they walked down the street. It was illuminated softly with the street lamps and it was freezing, \"Why is someone killing all these women? What's the point?\" he drunk some of his coffee, \"Maybe if we find the motive then we find the person, but there wasn't anything stolen from their person, and although time was stolen, it's only to leave behind a specific number. I wonder what they do with the time,\" \"Use it,\" Marie answered, \"Bank it, invest it,\" he watched her turn around slowly, looking behind them, \"And I thought it was obvious, sir. Why they were killing the women?\" Leon looked quizzical, \"Fun, Leon. If it's not robbery then it has to be fun. Otherwise what would be the point, unless it was because of revenge or something else?\" \"Revenge is generally a good motive, except we haven't found anything to link the two victims,\" he told her, \"So I suppose you're right when you suggest fun as a reasonable motive. We just have to find the clearly insane person who decided it was a good idea to get on the wrong side of the law. I'd like to have a very long conversation with them,\" \"Oh, I'm sure that you will have a conversation with them, Leon,\" Marie shrugged, still walking backwards and frowning slightly at the scene, \"I'm sure they'll run for their lives, as you say, they are insane. When do you think they will make a mistake?\" \"Eventually they'll get too arrogant, step too far over the boundary, and make a mistake,\" he replied, \"And I'll be there to catch them, and you'll be there with the handcuffs and the car,\" she nodded slowly, \"What do you really think about it all, Marie? If you were a killer, when do you think that you would make a mistake?\" \"If I ever made a mistake,\" she told him, \"Then it would probably be because either I had enough of what I was doing, that I'd want to be arrested, or it would be because, like you said, I had thought myself invincible,\" she looked at him carefully, \"Or maybe because of no reason at all, and it was just luck that it all fell into place. That's what I think,\" He looked down at her, \"Do you think we'll find this killer then?\" \"I think that there is every chance of the person killing again,\" she informed him, \"However I don't know what the future hold. Anything could happen,\" she looked up at the night sky, \"What can I say, Leon, nobody is perfect, and not everyone knows how to make sure that they stay safe,\" she smiled, \"You and me though, we'll be fine, and everything will fall into place. Just like it should,\" 7:30:00 He punched in the number for Month Daily Prison, and held it up to his ear, \"Month Daily Prison,\" Timekeeper Klass spoke into his ear, \"How can I help you, Leon? Come to brighten my day up a little?\" \"Perhaps I am,\" he told her, \"I need to talk to Marie as soon as possible,\" there was silence on the end, \"I know that she's allowed to receive phone calls, Klass, I need to speak with her as soon as it is possible,\" he checked his watch, \"Preferably in the next five minutes, I. Rather short for time today, and it's very important that I talk to her,\" \"As you wish, Leon,\" she replied to him, \"Every word that is spoken between you will be recorded and written down, and you aren't to give her any information pertaining to the victims' families, no matter how much she asks you. You have to agree to this or I can't let you speak to her at all,\" \"I understand,\" he said, \"Please may you send me through,\" there was a low dialling tone in his ear as he was being connected to the phone that would be available for Marie to use. He looked at Korsqq, sitting on the stone bench behind him, \"Do you think that she'll listen and answer my questions?\" he asked sarcastically. \"I think that she'll probably reveal some kind of information to you, most likely deliberately because she wants to see how far she can push you until you break, sir,\" Korsqq answered bluntly and Leon's mouth twitched a little in amusement, \"Other than that, sir, I think that she'll probably mislead you in a million other different ways because you called her and not the other way around for once,\" The phone clicked through, \"I'm here,\" the familiar voice said, \"Raymond Leon finally calling me isn't this interesting,\" \"I always thought you were insane, Marie, but I never imagined you were this depraved,\" he said into the phone, \"Abused women, now that is twisted. Antonia Kentwood, now Rachel Lighthower and Sara Luxembourg,\" there was silence on the other end, and he knew she was listening carefully, \"Women who had already been through hell and you gave them even more. How you live with yourself, is truly beyond me. You ought to be in a mental hospital, not in prison,\" \"The jury was split on that verdict,\" she mused, \"But you're wrong, Leon. Sara Luxembourg wasn't abused, not that I remember. She had problems, all those tiny little problems that make up humanity, but then who doesn't have that issue? But abuse,\" there was a sigh, \"I'm afraid you're quite mistaken there. When I knew little Sara she was all of fifteen years old, a little too young,\" there was a long pause, \"Did Margaret Cavalli tell you all of this? I had hoped for her discretion,\" \"You don't choose your friends very well,\" he taunted her, \"She told me about your father,\" \"That man was not my father,\" her tone was clipped, \"You're trying to rile up, Leon, it's not going to work, I assure you. And Margaret is not my friend, not really. If she was...well then she wouldn't be there, she'd be off doing something much more worthwhile than what she's doing right now,\" \"She's running a help group for abused women,\" he reminded her, \"But of course you wouldn't think that was important. Why did you even suggest to set it up? You got Anna involved as well, and I know that she wasn't abused, she told me everything,\" there was a bitter laugh, \"You never talked to people that you didn't knew. Hell, you never talked to people that you did know. It doesn't make sense,\" \"Think,\" She said, \"Think ever so carefully. You're so close, Leon, so clever as well. Why would I even conceive a support group? You know me so well. Start from the beginning,\" \"There's a problem with that logic, Marie, and that is that I never knew you, only a mask,\" he closed his eyes, \"Abused women,\" she hummed, pleased, \"All those years ago, when you killed Antonia Kentwood, you had an accomplice and that was different. That was revenge for something, she was personal, not someone that you randomly picked off the street. And now two other women are dead and connected to the same woman. Was she your mistake?\" \"I thought I told you that there were no mistakes concerning me,\" she sang, \"Think, Leon, you taught me once upon a time and now I'm teaching you. All those pieces of our lives that never really made sense, all those unanswered questions. All leading to one point, one little point that you have got to understand. My mistakes,\" \"Are not mistakes, but preplanned choices leading to a plan that no one else knows,\" he finished, \"How wonderful,\" he could practically imagine the smile on her face, \"Except you're missing one very important point, Marie, and that is that you were always too arrogant and you always underestimated everyone else. You're practically telling me your whole plan,\" \"Oh, so close, Leon,\" Marie replied, gleefully, \"You're so close to the answer that I might actually be worried for baby bird,\" there was a pause, \"Play chess with me, I'd love to see how you have changed,\" \"No,\" \"Pretty please, we can play chess and you can interrogate me and I can tell you everything that you need to know,\" Leon looked at Korsqq, who shrugged lightly, \"I get ever so lonely in here, no one to properly talk to. No one that I care to talk to anywhere. No one of interest,\" \"You suggested the idea of that support group because you were trying to find someone,\" he said and there was silence, \"Abused women, a group of women that had been through hell and survived it. Women that had been broken so terribly that the only way of repairing them was to change what they were before, and you knew that from experience. Some women retreat into themselves, some women become stronger, and some women...some women become something else entirely. You found someone like that and you broke her mind,\" \"I'd like to say it was more seeing a different perspective than breaking her mind,\" Marie answered quickly, \"One man's hero is another man's devil, and I really did help my baby bird see the light in that respect,\" \"She came to that support group for help,\" Leon looked at the sky, feeling utterly despondent, \"She came for support in whatever hellish situation she was in and you took her, and you fashioned her into a weapon that you could use for entertainment. Picked up and then dropped like a hat. You don't care about this woman; you just want to have fun,\" \"First mistake is that you imply that I don't care. I care in the way that I know how to care,\" she said, \"Second mistake is that you believe that what I did was wrong. There isn't anything right or wrong in this world. Millions die while few live, everything can be right or wrong depending on the person. I made something stronger where it was broken and I did it without regret or pity,\" \"Your whole life you've been running from something, Marie, and I swear that I am going to be there when it catches you,\" he promised, \"Everyone who comes into contact with you catches fire and burns,\" \"And you'll always be there to put them out,\" she answered, a note of sorrow echoing through her words, \"Raymond Leon, the man who will always continue chasing the monsters because he dare not look back. You're the same as me; we are merely opposite sides of a coin. You pick people up and then you forget about them when they aren't worth anything to you anymore. And you will always chase me because I made you look back just once, and I made you regret,\" \"What you did wasn't for me, it was to please yourself,\" he dismissed. \"Why can't it be both?\" she questioned, \"Why can't you just accept that this needs to happen. That fighting the inevitable is not the way to do things. Ray, you need to accept the fact that you will never be happy unless you're trying to triumph over me,\" \"Molly Hooper and Stephanie Caelian,\" he said, and there was a sudden tension on the other end of the phone, \"So they are connected to you. What story do they have to tell? No mark on their bodies, they even have time left on their clock, and yet they died,\" \"Usually I'd asked where you got that information from but only one person in the world knew about those two,\" she replied, \"Forget about Molly and Stephanie, they're just people who never came out of the dark. Focus on those that will die, rather than those that are already dead because I promise you, Ray, I promise you that those that have a shining Light to guide their path, will never be lost. And those that do not have a lamp to light their way will always be lost and serve as those that seek to catch them,\" \"Marie...\" there was a click and a dial tone buzzed in his ear. He looked back at Korsqq, \"She hung up on me, I must have touched a nerve,\" The blonde haired man looked wary, \"She's a caged animal, sir,\" he told him, \"Caged animals tend to lash out violently when they're provoked,\" 10 Years Ago \"Am I dangerous?\" Leon merely stared at the woman in front of him, \"Am I a threat to all those that are in this building? I am unarmed, yet there are guards posted outside my door, and I wear handcuffs and bits of metal that mean nothing,\" \"You know why you have to wear them,\" he said slowly, \"You know that they are there for the protection and the safety of other people and yourself,\" she offered him a wide grin, showing all her teeth, \"What you have done, and what you represent to this country is enough to make anyone try and enact revenge on you. You've torn apart twelve families,\" \"Are you sure, Leon?\" she whispered, \"Very sure? You think that I would do that? You think that I killed all those women, leaving pretty red petals next to them,\" she moved forward violently, the chain that bound her to the chair preventing her from getting very far but Ellini next to him jumped back in fear, \"Give me the evidence, give me the motive, and the means, and the place where I killed them. Give me the names of each and every one of those women, and give me the reason...the reason, Leon, why I would do it?\" she slumped back, \"Because you have nothing,\" \"You were our friend,\" Ellini said quietly, and Marie rolled her head back, producing a loud cracking noise, \"You worked with us, you went out with us, laughed with us. Why would you do something like this?\" \"Why?\" the word was drawn out slowly, \"Why, why, why?\" green eyes sparkled, \"Beating around the bush, are we? Counting your chickens before they've hatched. Are their witnesses to my crimes, is there anything you can spot that links me to the Red Petals Murders,\" she looked at Leon, \"Can you tell me, darling? Or have I broken you too much for an answer?\" \"I don't answer to you, Marie,\" \"Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall, Humpty Dumpty had a great fall,\" she sang softly, \"All the King's horses and all the King's men couldn't put Humpty together again,\" she laughed, \"Let me put it to you straight, you have a media storm outside your Headquarters, and there is nothing you can do to calm it. This organisation is broken, and I always win,\" \"Not now,\" Leon said calmly, and she chuckled, \"You've been here for three weeks, Marie, and I am going to hold you for as long as I possibly can,\" he leaned forward, and Marie's smile slowly faded, \"And I will break you down piece by piece so it hurts every time, and eventually you will tell me everything that you've done. But there won't be anywhere left to hide from me,\" \"Oh Leon,\" Marie looked slightly regretful, \"You've finally decided to play with me, how wonderful,\" she smiled kindly, \"And I will tell you now, just so you know. For everything that you take from me, I will take from you. Because I've taken everything from you and all you can do is struggle against me. Tick Tock, goes the clock, and all the years we fly. Tick Tock goes the clock; you and I will die,\" Month Daily Prison \"Tick Tock,\" she picked up the photo frame, running a finger down it, \"Tick Tock, Tick Tock,\" she placed her hand to her head, \"We kicked her and we mocked her,\" she let out a hiss, placing the photograph down on its face, the picture hidden from sight, \"Little Molly Hooper and Stephanie Caelian. Well, we didn't see that coming, did we?\" she rubbed her arm, a tremor of pain running down it, \"Silly Molly Hooper, Mad Molly Hooper,\" she lay on the bed, looking at the white ceiling, counting down the seconds, \"Who did you tell, Anna, who could possibly know about those two? Who could have possibly told him?\" So here we go, new chapter, hope it's good. Certainly getting longer each chapter. Till Next time[Chapter 10] I've been away, for a while. Mainly to gather my thoughts and to get over some major writing block of some of my other stories. But I have continued it on and here is a new chapter. Disclaimer: Not Mine Chapter 10: Connections and Reckonings 6:00:00 Abused women...Antonia Kentwood...Accomplices...Five years ago...think, think, think. The thoughts had been going around in his mind for hours now, twisting and turning over and over in every combination that could possibly be a part of this. And still Leon had no idea what to do. Think, think, think! Marie was clever, and so was he. She would play a game that was impossible. Or did she? Just to prove that she was smarter. He looked at his clock, seeing that he had five hours left on it. And there were six hours left on Marie's deadline. He could feel himself growing tired with all the twists and turns that this past day was taking. Had it only been less than twenty four hours since she had given him the riddle? It seemed like weeks, if not months. Far too long in his opinion. But then not enough if the sand in the hourglass was anything to go by. \"Maybe the women came across something that they weren't supposed to know,\" Korsqq proposed, as he spun around on the chair, \"They find out that she's killed people, try and go to the police but she gets her accomplice to kill them in order for them to be silenced, so they don't talk to anyone,\" \"After ten years?\" Leon asked, \"We know that she found out about Sara Luxembourg through the National Medical Society five months ago, through her lawyer with the court files, and I know he told her, no matter how many times he tries to deny it,\" he ran a hand through his hair, \"Is Le Blanc still in custody?\" Korsqq looked at his watch, \"He's been here about...Two and a half hours, and we can hold him for about another five hours maybe, if we're lucky. He's a lawyer, he probably can rustle up someone within the hour to get him out of here,\" Leon nodded distracted, \"You don't think she's just killing abused women for the sake of them being abused?\" \"That makes no sense,\" Leon murmured, \"But nothing seems to make sense in this case. We have different pieces that aren't connected,\" he picked up the photos, \"So we have Sara and Raquel, also known as Patricia and Rachel, both who published articles in different places. They both belonged to a support group ten years ago which also included Antonia Kentwood, Marie and Anna Howard,\" he rubbed his eyes, \"And this accomplice. Meanwhile we have Molly Hooper and Stephanie Caelian who both seem to scare Marie into hanging up in the middle of a conversation,\" \"We're just missing that big piece in the middle of the jigsaw,\" Korsqq mused, thinking hard, \"The piece which you always lose even though you've never assembled the jigsaw before,\" he looked at the pictures of the dead women, seeing if he had missed something, \"There is another way that we could go about this,\" \"I know what you're thinking, and I've already thought about it,\" Leon told him, \"You're thinking that we could wait until the clock ticks down, letting the next person die and we would have another body to work with. Another chance to get it right. Yes, I've considered it, and perhaps we should consider it further,\" \"But-\" \"But it leads back to the same thing!\" Leon sat down in his chair, frustrated, \"I know how this works. It won't stop, she won't ever stop,\" Korsqq shifted slightly, \"And the next day they'll be another body, and another, and another. And I won't let Marie mess me around again. Ten years ago, I hesitated and five women died, including Antonia Kentwood,\" he felt completely drained, \"She's right, I let her kill them, and I...I stood by because I thought that she'd stop. I thought she had a semblance of humanity,\" he shook his head, \"I will not make that mistake ever again,\" \"You liked her,\" Korsqq said, \"She was your friend; you thought you could trust her. It's not the first time something like this has happened, probably won't be the last. Ellini and Gabrelli knew her as well; most of the Timekeepers ten years ago knew her. Naturally you would feel betrayed,\" \"Korsqq,\" Leon smiled a little, \"Even I'm not that deaf to hear the gossip that goes around this department. Everyone knows the story of Marie Howard and me. Hell, I think it's probably the first thing people are told about me. I've learned to live with it,\" \"Her sister, Anna,\" Leon felt himself tense a little at that, \"Do you think that she might have something to with Sara and Raquel?\" Leon looked away, \"Sir? Do you think Marie would try and bring her sister into this game with you?\" Leon tapped the desk, \"No,\" he said distantly, \"Marie's involvement of Anna ended ten years ago when she got placed in prison. She wouldn't bring Anna into this game. Her sister's long gone now,\" he tried to smile, \"She made her point with Anna years ago,\" \"At least there's some consolation,\" Korsqq answered, \"In this nightmare of a day, there's a line that she won't cross,\" he leaned back in his chair, \"Which is always nice to appreciate if we're feeling slightly self-pitying,\" Leon found himself smiling at that, \"Jacques Le Blanc is still in holding, we could go and talk to him. He might talk to you,\" There was a knock on the door and they turned toward the door, \"I seem to have been delegated to being your messenger boy, Leon,\" Dent walked in with a parcel, \"I'd like it to be noted that I'm only doing this as a favour to Ellini who's babysitting your pet lawyer,\" he set the parcel on the desk and accidentally knocked a pile of papers onto the floor, \"Damn,\" \"I've got it, Dent,\" Leon said tiredly, going to pick up the papers that were scattered across the office, \"Who was the parcel from, Dent?\" \"No idea, I wasn't privileged with that information,\" Dent said, bending down to pick up a scrap of paper, \"You'd think we were beyond paperwork,\" he looked at it, his eyes scanning, \"I knew Marie Howard was insane, but I didn't realise she was that twisted,\" he cleared his throat, \" 'Should we forgive those that commit crimes or should we take action to them, knowing that they will never feel peace with themselves? Should we damn them to save them? \" he put down the paper, \"Weird,\" \"Say that again,\" Leon said, and Dent frowned, \"Not the weird comment, what you said before, about forgiveness. Say it again,\" \"Err...\" Dent picked up the paper, \" I am of the opinion that there are always those that reside in the Dark unable to see the Light that you talk so often about. If one knows this, and accepts it in full and genuine truth, then we should all know peace, \" he looked up, \"Dark and Light have capital letters,\" he went back to the page, \" For we should all accept Truth as absolute and never deviate from that ...what is this about, Leon? Is it important?\" \"Everything. All of its important,\" Leon replied, his mind going a million miles a second, \"What did Marie say on the phone about Sara Luxembourg? She had problems, all those tiny little problems that make up humanity. Problems. Sara had problems. Big problems,\" it clicked, \"And so did Rachel Lighthower, I said it myself. Some women retreat into themselves, some women become stronger, and some women become something else entirely,\" he hit himself on the head, \"I've been such an idiot, she wasn't talking about the accomplice now, she was talking about then…when she was looking for someone. And she used the group to look for them,\" \"You think that Raquel and Sara were killers as well, sir?\" Korsqq asked sceptically, \"It's a bit of a long shot, don't you think?\" \"Not killers, but I bet they had done something that made them damaged more than they already were,\" Leon explained to the two other men, \"Something...\" he closed his eyes, \"Something that made them stand out to Marie,\" the connection washed over him, \"She told me herself, why she bothered finding someone in a crowd. Even Marie's not clever enough to get it right on the first go. Searching for how many years for people who she could twist,\" \"And Sara Luxembourg and Raquel Lighthower were what?\" Dent said, \"Cast offs?\" \"Why not?\" Leon shrugged, \"Think about it. You're looking for someone to help you. Someone that you can mould to your designs, someone to keep you entertained and interested. What a better way to ensure that their predecessors kept their mouth shut? Dead men don't talk after all,\" \"We're still missing out the fact that this happened ten years ago,\" Korsqq inputted, \"Yes, we know that the court files were released, but apart from a note about Patricia Strozzi in the Antonia Kentwood murder, they weren't involved. And Sara is still fifteen, she's was a bit young then, sir,\" \"She was there, she was available,\" Leon replied, thinking it over, \"How difficult would it have been for Marie to talk to Sara alone? Smile a little, talk to her with false words and laughs. I bet it was easy to slip inside her mind, hardly a challenge to someone like Marie. Sara probably didn't know until she was arrested. Her parents said that when they went to see a trial, Sara had to leave halfway through. She probably thought that Marie was going to make her the next victim,\" \"Well she certainly was that, after a fashion,\" Dent quipped and folded his arms when the other two men stared at him, \"That still doesn't explain the whole ten years between here and then. Why not just get their accomplice to kill them immediately when she was arrested? Because that would be what any sensible serial killer would do. Cover up their tracks,\" Leon opened his mouth, before picking up the photos on the desk, taking the letter from Dent and walking from the room. Korsqq and Dent had no choice but to follow him as he went into the room where Le Blanc was being held with Ellini, \"Timekeeper Leon,\" the man looked towards him, \"This is a surprise, I thought I was done answering inept questions,\" \"Just got a couple more,\" Leon sat in front of him, placing the photographs on the desk, \"Sara and Raquel, did you know them personally or did Marie just tell you to keep an eye on them?\" Jacques pulled the photos towards him lazily, lazily, \"Because I know you knew them in some capacity, what exactly did you tell her when you made that two hour phone call five months ago?\" \"No,\" Jacques raised his head to look at him, \"I didn't know either of them personally,\" he held a photograph to the light, \"But forgive me when I say that I won't answer your questions about that phone call, client confidentially,\" \"How did you meet Marie, Jacques?\" Leon asked, and the other man laughed shortly, \"Did you see that she had been arrested and leaped at the chance of representing her? I know a lot of lawyers were angling for that job,\" \"You don't go looking for Marie,\" Jacques told him, \"She turns up and doesn't give you a chance to back out, maybe because she knows that you won't back out from any offer that she makes you. You think you're the only person who she talked to? She turned up in my office, and I shook her hand the same as you. That's how I know her,\" he pushed the photographs towards the Timekeeper, \"You were asking about Sara and Raquel,\" \"What changed?\" Leon asked, \"Ten years of letting Sara and Raquel walk around this country unharmed. They knew what she could do. Why now?\" \"Who knows what goes on in Marie's mind,\" Jacques said calmly, \"I don't think anyone knows what the next thing she is going to do. Believe me; I was surprised when she allowed herself to be arrested ten years ago. She's a psychopath; you can't predict what she's going to do next. The only reason she's even playing this game with you, Leon, is because she finds it entertaining. That's the only reason why she gave you an extension of time until the next body turns up,\" \"You seem to be cooperating rather easily,\" Dent said on behind Leon, \"Why are you talking to us now? We've found the link between the two victims,\" \"Just because you've found the link doesn't mean that you've found the next victim,\" Jacques shrugged, \"It's all the same in the end. I don't know who Marie has working for her, and I don't know who is going to die next,\" he turned over the photos, \"That's part of the problem, isn't it? You make a deal with the devil because you can't see the real reason why they made an offer in the first place. And when you do...there's no going back,\" \"You sound like you regret shaking her hand,\" Leon said, \"Having second thoughts about being her lawyer now, are we?\" Jacques merely smiled, \"What did Sara and Raquel do to make them worth noticing?\" \"They were empty,\" Jacques answered, \"Empty of life, they were merely surviving, that's how she put it. They were flawed, they weren't saints. They didn't stick to the rules. You'd have to ask Marie what exactly they did wrong, or why she lost interest in them. I wouldn't know,\" \"And now she's killing the people that she groomed,\" Korsqq stated, \"Huh,\" he rubbed his jaw, \"The accomplice is literally killing their predecessors. You couldn't have told us this earlier? Saved us all of nineteen hours running around trying to solve this,\" \"You ask that I regret Marie?\" replied the lawyer looking straight at Leon, \"I think anyone who has ever met her regrets knowing her even if it's for a second. I have in the past regretted being involved in her actions,\" he leaned closer to the Timekeeper, \"I value my life, Leon, and if someone other than you had spoken out about the connection then I would guarantee that they would find themselves dead within a matter of weeks. I like my life; it's comfortable when I'm not being interrogated,\" \"What's she planning?\" Jacques grinned, \"If I knew that Leon, then believe me, I wouldn't be here. But,\" he added, \"Just so you know, I feel for you, really. Because Marie's not the type of person to play with someone and leave them completely intact. Whatever she's got planned, it's not going to be pleasant, I can guess that much. Whoever she's got working for her, they probably are even more insane than Marie appears to be,\" 10 Years Ago \"Was anyone working with you?\" Dulled green eyes stared back at him, \"Hmm?\" Marie sighed as she placed her head against the metal of the table, \"Four months you've had me locked up in here, Ray, and haven't even started asking the right questions yet. It's all so formal and clinical,\" he saw her eyelids shutter, \"Wake me up when you have something intelligent to say,\" He sighed impatiently, \"Up,\" he kicked her chair, \"Marie, get up,\" she didn't move, and he gritted his teeth. After four months of hitting a solid wall, his temper was on a short leash, \"If you don't get up right now, Marie, I am going to keep you in a solid cell with no windows or contact until you start talking to me,\" she didn't move, \"I swear to God,\" \"Don't swear to God,\" she murmured, her head still on the table, \"God didn't rip thirteen female holes in the lives of thirteen families,\" her saw her lips curve into a smile, \"You could swear to me, I'd be nice if you gave me what I wanted. But no,\" she raised her head slightly; \"You're so boring now, Raymond. Where's the man who could debate with me for hours on a topic. Four months...four months of nothing. I'm dying I'm here,\" \"All I'm asking is that you cooperate with my questions, Marie,\" he said, reigning in his anger, \"Tell me who your accomplices were, tell me where your killing site was. Why you chose those particular people, why you let me find it out. Why you did what you did?\" she straightened up, looking at him, \"Why did you do it?\" \"What are you going to give me, Ray?\" she whispered to him, \"You don't even have a confession from me,\" he stared at her, \"You have circumstantial evidence that might hold up in court, but it's not guaranteed. There's a chance I could walk free. You need concrete evidence if you need to convict someone,\" she smiled secretively, \"And the only way to do that, you believe, is breaking me into telling you my whole story,\" the handcuffs clicked against the metal, \"Ray, you know more than you believe you do,\" \"It would be easier if you just told me what I need to know,\" he stated coldly and she leaned back, \"Four months, consisting of one month of baiting us, one month of silence, one month of nursery rhymes and one month of non-cooperation through sarcasm. It's enough. Answer my questions,\" \"No,\" she leaned back, the table moving a little, \"Why should I? You're not prepared to bargain with me, give me what I want,\" \"We're talking about thirteen dead women, Marie, try to remember that when you go to sleep at night,\" he snapped, and she looked back with just a blank gaze, \"Thirteen lives just snuffed out in an instance, thirteen worlds, thirteen families that will always live with the knowledge that you tore a hole in their hearts. Can you really not care about that?\" She was silent for a long time, just staring at him, \"Twelve,\" she answered finally, \"Not thirteen...twelve families,\" he stood up roughly and turned towards the door, \"And you know that I don't give a damn about those twelve families,\" his hand was on the door-handle, \"If you give me what I want, Ray, then I'll give everything to you. Names, places, dates, a full confession,\" he bowed his head, turning back and sitting down slowly, \"You'll get your concrete evidence,\" \"What do you want in exchange?\" he inquired, and she smirked, \"If you answer my questions, what do I have to give you in exchange?\" \"Not much in terms of time and material wealth,\" she shrugged delicately, clearly pleased at the price that she wanted for the one thing he would reach the moon for, \"For every question you ask me, I want a question of my own answered. And you have to tell the truth, I want the truth from you,\" \"A confession for the thoughts inside my head?\" he asked, feeling slightly suspicious at the very one-sided deal, \"Why do you want them, they aren't very valuable to anyone,\" she looked at him like he was five years old, \"You'd give me a confession...\" \"And I have access to everything,\" she shrugged, \"All your thoughts, all your opinions, what you really think about everything. To me that's worth everything. Even a few years in prison,\" \"You won't be getting a few years, Marie,\" he assured her, \"You'll be getting timed out,\" she smiled wryly, \"You really don't think that any Judge or Jury will allow you to live after this?\" her expression didn't change, \"Oh you do, it just proves how insane you are to think otherwise. I do hope you have a good lawyer, but I suppose if you are giving me a confession, you'll have to plead guilty. Are you sure you want to bargain only the truth with me?\" \"Perfectly,\" she said, \"If it's my time to die, then I'll be given the death penalty. If it's not my time then they won't sentence me to death,\" she folded her arms on the table, and blew a piece of hair out of her eyes, \"And don't worry, I have a very good lawyer, and I think he's up to the task of winning my case, perhaps not in the way that you're thinking, but I would consider cheating death to be a victory,\" \"Even if you spend the rest of forever in jail,\" \"If I'm placed in jail then they'd put a number on it, and they'd find some way of keeping me there. And really forever isn't that long if you spend it with the right people,\" she told him, clearly, \"And I see that you've accepted my deal. Do you want to start asking the right questions now?\" He clasped his hands together, nodding, \"Do you confess to the kidnap and subsequent torture and murder of thirteen women that occurred for the period of five years?\" he asked. \"Yes,\" 5:00:00 \"Are we going to go and see Marie Howard now, sir?\" Korsqq asked as they crossed the Tarmac to the car, \"Now that we know what the connection is between the two women, shouldn't we inform her that we know?\" \"Like Le Blanc said, we've found the connection but it doesn't mean that we've found the accomplice, or the next body,\" Leon answered, \"So we're going to cut her off. We don't tell her we've found the connection and she won't be able to contact her friend,\" he raised his radio to his mouth, \"Dispatch this is Timekeeper Leon,\" just static replied. He turned to Korsqq, \"I'm going to have to borrow your radio again,\" \"You'll need to replace yours,\" \"It's worked for twenty years, it's not going to give out now,\" Leon muttered defiantly, refusing to give into the other man, and Korsqq handed over his with a sigh, \"Thank you,\" he spoke into the phone, \"Dispatch, can you give me the address of where Margaret Cavalli lives?\" \"Margaret Cavalli lives at 371 Queen's Street, New Greenwich,\" they answered him, \"She lives with her husband and two sons. It will approximately take two hours to get there if there is no traffic,\" Leon clicked off the radio quickly already putting the car into gear and speeding off, \"So we've worked out how the accomplice has chosen the victims, so we've found the connection between them,\" he reeled off to Korsqq, looking at his clock, \"And it will take us two hours to reach, Margaret Cavalli's house. And we are going to see Mrs Cavalli because she will be able to tell us who exactly Marie was close to when she decided to get into this game with everything\" he breathed out violently, \"Why is there never enough time for any of us in this case?\" \"Do you think that Marie's manipulating what is happening within the case, sir?\" Korsqq inquired, and Leon didn't say anything but focus on the road in front of him, \"If she is, then we've walked into her trap. How do you know that we aren't going right where she wants us to be and right off the course that we should be heading in?\" Leon was silent for a second, before looking at the other man, \"A long time ago, we were on this case and trying to find a connection,\" he explained, \"And nothing was happening, bodies were being found and we couldn't do anything with the little that we had. Marie said how bored she was, waiting around for something when there was nothing. She's bored now, she wants something to happen. She's already given us the reason to the connection, all right there was misdirection, nursery rhymes and I could have done without the sarcasm, but she was always very helpful. She wants to know something is going on, she wants things to been shaken up and rattled around. For us to be moving, and finding things,\" \"Which is why we cut her off from hearing anything,\" Korsqq realised, \"If she gets bored, she says more things that will lead us to the killer, and we'll be one step closer,\" the other man nodded sharply, \"Unless of course she knows that we're just using her for more information. She's guessed everything so far, and I wouldn't want to risk her guessing this,\" Leon felt the blond haired man's eyes on him, \"What happened when Marie told you that she was bored when nothing was happening?\" Thirteen Years Ago \"You know I still don't understand why,\" Ellini said, looking at the board with the information pinned to it, \"I don't get it. I really don't. Why would anyone choose to murder these women? How could anyone choose to murder them? I don't understand what physically drives someone to be able to perform such a horrendous act. We still haven't found a motive for these,\" \"I thought we had agreed on the theory that the murderer killed because they have a compulsion to kill,\" Timekeeper Dumont said dryly. He was a Timekeeper of some eleven years, yet always felt something of an inexperienced newbie when it came to Raymond Leon and Marie Howard, \"That he kills because he's obsessed with the idea of death and murder. More of a mental illness,\" \"That was only a theory,\" Leon said, \"Not confirmed. There could be any number of reason why he could be murdering these women. For their time, for some misguided revenge tactic, or maybe because of his beliefs?\" \"You're all missing the obvious,\" They all turned to look at Marie who was looking fast asleep in her chair, \"You're throwing around these theories,\" she waved a lazy hand, \"Why does there have to be a theory concerning this? Does he have to kill for a purpose? It just seems rather random to me,\" \"Thank you for your input, Marie,\" replied Ellini sarcastically, \"But if we want to get this...bastard the death penalty then we need to say why he did it. It doesn't look good if we don't have a motive to why someone would do this to another person, let alone six,\" she turned around to see Marie back to sleeping in the chair, \"Can you actually appear to be interested in this discussion rather than sleeping?\" Marie sighed, opening her eyes and leaning forward, placing her hands on the table, \"Fine, here's my opinion on the matter. We have no DNA evidence that can lead us anywhere; we have no apparent witnesses that wish to come forward. We only seem to be actually doing something when the next dead body turns up and even that turns out to be a dead end,\" she stood up, \"So forgive me, Ellini, when I say that I find this discussion completely pointless,\" She picked up her coat, walking away from the group. Leon sighed, \"I'll go and talk to her,\" he said to Ellini, \"She's just annoyed at the lack of progress,\" Ellini just sighed, throwing herself in the abandoned chair. He walked after Marie, finally catching her on the shoulder, \"Hey,\" he turned her around, \"What the hell was that?\" \"That was me walking out,\" she answered him, \"I don't see the point of this stupid discussion,\" she folded her arms into herself, \"What is it going to achieve? We're going over the same information and the same piece of evidence that week have since we started this case and I'm just bored of it all. You're getting nowhere and I'm bored of waiting around for nothing to happen. Nothing is happening,\" she bit her lip, looking down, \"I apologise, Leon, I'm just a little frustrated. You have the pieces but it's like you don't know how to assemble them correctly,\" \" This guy is smart,\" he shrugged, \"And we don't know much yet. Six women dead and that's it. Can't go on circumspect evidence at the moment, Gabrelli wants a proper investigation into this, and an airtight case. There is going to be a lot of waiting around at this point in time,\" she merely nodded, clearly not pleased with what was happening at the moment. He placed a hand on her shoulder, \"Maybe you just need a few days off, go on a vacation to a different zone and let yourself breathe. You're too tightly wound at the moment,\" She looked at him, before smiling slowly, \"Maybe you're right,\" she admitted, \"Maybe I do need a break from everything. Need to get a few days away and unwind,\" she smiled at him, \"I should do that, don't suppose you'd like to join me?\" Leon looked back at the door, \"Someone's got to stay here and make sure everything gets done,\" he excused himself, and her smile faded a little, \"You have a good time with your time off. And we'll see you when you get back,\" Marie nodded slowly, her eyes probing him carefully, \"See you soon,\" He walked away from her, still aware that Marie hadn't moved, \"Hey Leon?\" he looked briefly back at her, \"Good luck with the case…God knows you need it,\" he nodded and she turned to walk out of the building. 4:30:00 \"I walked to talk to my lawyer,\" she banged against the wall of the glass, \"Come on now…there's no need to be retrained about these matters, I want to talk to my lawyer and I want to do it quickly. I am allowed phone calls to him,\" there wasn't any reaction from the guards on the other end of the glass wall, \"Phone call, please can you allow it through,\" still no reaction, \"This is getting dull, my friends, and you know how much fun I am when I'm not happy,\" still there was no reaction and she turned away from the glass to look at the cell. Picking up the phone, she dialled in the same number, only to hear the dial tone of the number being blocked. She slammed the phone down again, \"Something's happening,\" she mused to herself, throwing herself onto the bed, and looking at the glass ceiling, \"Someone's found something. He's found the connection,\" She laughed a little, giggling to herself as she thought about it. Why was it that Raymond Leon thought that he could hold against her? That he thought that every step he took was a step towards her when in actuality, he was taking a step towards the deep blue sea. There was a whole world of opportunity, and he remained in the past, determined to see it through. But then she liked that about him. The only flaw that he had been that he still had the pride that he always had. Tearing that away from him was the least that she could do. Perhaps it was only because she saw them as what he truly was. The other side of the coin from her. He was the honourable man devoted to pursuing justice and she was a dishonourable killer devoted to pursuing interest above all else. They were so similar that they couldn't help but complement each other, if only Leon could see that. She would never be a part of the Timekeeper system again but she would do everything to continue the game on. Even if she had to change the rules. And now the Timekeepers had found the connection, she was sure of it. It would only explain why the guards refused to allow her a single phone call to her Jacques. She wondered how Leon had managed to piece it all together. Had it clicked just like a jigsaw puzzle that had needed to be solved? And now he would have known all about her ideas right at the very start. How odd when he could have found all this out just by sitting through two hours of phone messages. And she had known that he would have never been able to. He had already talked to Margaret Cavalli, now they would go back to her to ask all the questions they wanted. But it was already too late. Even if they managed to find the next victim, they wouldn't be able to do anything. Marie rolled onto her side, watching out at the darkness, \"Oh Anna, what would you think of me?\" she murmured, \"Your little sister doing all this,\" she rolled her head back, \"But then you always did refuse to accept the worst of someone. Even at the very end, you refused to believe what I was. But it wouldn't have saved you in the end,\" So here we go again. Hoped you liked the chapter, and see you next time. Next Time: Marie Howard's face filled the screen, \"Tick Tock, Leon,\" she called out, \"What is the problem...can't you find me?\" Leon stared at the screen, \"Bit too soon? Do hope you enjoy the present. I thought about you when I chose her,\"[Chapter 11] Whoo, I'm back a lot quicker than last time, and with a longer chapter as well. Don't expect that it's going to be as long as this usually, although we never know. I wanted to get everything moving as fast as possible for this story now, as we enter into another act of this play. Thank you so much to ghostdrunk and Anla'shok for your reviews, and for reading the chapter. I had been quite a while since I last updated but I'm back on track now and definitely want to continue with it. Hope you enjoy the chapter as much as I liked writing it. Disclaimer: Not Mine Chapter 11: Churches and Countdowns 3:00:00 The doors of the Cavalli household burst open, Leon walking inside the house, before pulling out a pad of paper and pen and placing it down in front of Margaret Cavalli, \"I want the names of all of the people that Marie was closest to when she was in your group,\" he told her quickly, and she looked startled at his request, \"I apologise, Mrs Cavalli, I know how this might infringe on confidentiality, but we have three hours to find out who Marie's next victim is and we need to find her accomplice, so any name that popped into your head can you please just write it down,\" \"Of course,\" she nodded, \"I still keep the registers of every group meeting. It was ten years ago, I'd have to remember who was at the sessions,\" she rose gracefully from where she was sitting, \"They're all saved onto my computer,\" she picked up a slim laptop, before switching it on, \"You know it's funny, Marie was the one that got me into keeping meticulous records of everything that we did. She always hated when everything wasn't laid out and easy to access,\" Leon nodded hastily, waiting impatiently as she brought up the documents, \"Right, these were the people that came to the meetings, but I have to warn you that mostly they aren't the women's real names, anonymity is very often,\" \"We just need a name,\" he informed her, his eyes scanning rapidly down on the list, \"Does any of these names jump out at you? Any at all,\" the woman shifted slightly, clearly uncomfortable with the attention and the pressure placed on her. Leon sighed, \"Listen, it doesn't matter whether you choose more than one name on the list. We're looking for more than one person anyway. So there is no pressure for you to give us these names. We still have time,\" Margaret didn't react and he moved into her vision, \"All you have to do is give us a few names from what you can remember,\" she stared into his eyes, \"Just a small little thing, nothing difficult. You can do that for us,\" \"You sound like her, you know,\" Leon felt an icy flush pour through him as he stared at her, \"Using words to manipulate people into what you want them to do. It's not your fault, but you do it so well, just like Marie,\" he straightened up, folding his arms, \"I think the reason that you're so obsessed with catching her and her accomplice is because you're afraid of the fact that you are just like her. You'll try and hide it, but you and Marie are two peas in a pod,\" Leon gestured to the document stiffly, ignoring the look from Korsqq, \"The document if you will,\" he said icily and Mrs Cavalli nodded sharply, turning back to look at the laptop, \"Now, we're looking for women that Marie would have taken aside to talk to, either before or after the sessions,\" he instructed, \"Like she talked to Antonia Kentwood, Sara Luxembourg and Rachel Lighthower. People that she might have mentioned to you that needed more personal mentoring or counselling. Someone who must have come more than one,\" The woman scanned through the lists, \"Marie wasn't much of a talker,\" she answered, \"She preferred to listen very carefully to every speaker and then offer some consolation to them at the end of every session,\" she scrolled down the page, \"However…\" Mrs Cavalli frowned a little, before pointing to a name, \"I think…\" Leon leaned in closer to look at the name, \"I think…although I can't be sure,\" \"Jane Samuels,\" Leon nodded, motioning to Korsqq to take down the name, \"It's all right if you're not sure, we just need to cover all our bases. Is there any more women that you think that Marie could be a part of? Any at all?\" Mrs Cavalli spent several minutes looking at the registers, \"I'm fairly certain about these women,\" she told him, \"Hanna Keating, Anastasia Jay, and Lark Spurr. I remember Hanna Keating because Marie spent a long time with her when we first started the group,\" Mrs Cavalli continued, \"Anastasia Jay and Lark Spurr came a lot later, but they all used those names, and they all attended during the time that the murders were being committed the first time,\" she turned to look at him, \"You should know that we don't know their real names but if you say that one of these women is her accomplice then it will be hard for you to know where to look for them. They left years ago, and I haven't seen them since. It was very common after Marie was arrested. But I don't believe there were any more women that she talked to. She wasn't exactly consistent with attending the meetings,\" Korsqq finished noting down the names, \"I'll get Ellini to cross check any of those names within the list that she's compiled,\" he said to the both of them and Leon nodded, \"Hopefully it'll turn up with something similar. This person can't have gotten that far,\" he walked out of the room, already talking on his radio. Leon looked back at Mrs Cavalli, who was staring at the empty doorway, \"Thank you for all your help, Mrs Cavalli,\" he said sincerely, \"You have been a great help even with our initial…disagreement. I know that this must have been difficult for you with all the memories that have been remembered,\" she only nodded stiffly, \"We'll try not to bother you or your family for the remainder of the investigation,\" she was silent, \"You have been a great help to us,\" He turned his back on her, walking towards the door, \"When I first met Marie, I fell in love with her,\" he stopped at those words, looking straight in front of him, \"I couldn't help it, I admired the way she spoke, the tonality of her voice, the way that she lived her life. I was with my first husband and I fell in completely with her, there was nothing that she could do wrong,\" Mrs Cavalli paused, \"When you arrested her, I thought that you had made a mistake, and I went to the trials. I couldn't believe how she had played everyone so well and no one had even realised. She was a friend, a confident and a killer that enjoyed staining her hands with blood. I thought that you had made a mistake…but I do have to ask, what was she doing when you arrested her? After that terrible, terrible night, what did she do afterwards? I have always wondered…\" Leon hesitated, his instinct to just flee the building, but his mind was instinctively drawn back to that one moment that he remembered so well, \"She was praying,\" he whispered, before clearing his throat, \"Praying, she was praying in a church when we found her,\" he looked back at the woman, \"I think…I think she knew that we were going to arrest her that day,\" \"When you love someone,\" she said to him, \"You tend to think the best of them, that there is always another explanation to their actions even if they can be the most horrendous of all things,\" he merely looked at her, \"I thought that about my first husband, and when I finally opened my eyes, I felt worse than I had done. There is always a sense that you could have done more,\" \"I never loved Marie…she was nothing compared to Anna,\" he finally said. She looked incredibly tired for a moment, \"That is the trouble,\" she answered, \"You can only love the day because it follows night, and eventually you wonder whether you can ever escape it entirely. Shadows cling when it is daylight, they never quite go away, and Marie never did anything that made her seem weak. She's been quiet for ten years, how do you know that she hasn't changed the way that she plays?\" \"Because,\" he replied shrugging, \"Like you say, day follows night. Marie likes knowing that there is someone that knows how she operates. It's how I knew she'd be in that church even though she hadn't confessed anything. I knew that she wouldn't be able to resist going to the one place that was the antithesis to everything that she stood for,\" he smiled humourlessly, \"She couldn't resist showing off,\" 10 Years Ago Leon clicked off the safety catch off his gun, \"Are you sure you want to do this, Leon?\" Ellini asked him quietly, \"You know what she's like and if you are right then she'll make this even more painful than it could be. We could just go straight in there and arrest her and take her away. There need not be any struggle or heartache over this,\" He looked at his friend, seeing that her eyes were slightly red from the tears that she had scrubbed away hours ago, \"I have to do this,\" he answered firmly, \"As soon as we take her into custody, she will deny any involvement into the murders, and evade us and play games. This is the only chance I will get to ask her completely unhindered, and without any other interference. This is where I can ask her why…\" he looked at the doors of the church, \"And besides she already knows that we're coming to arrest her. She wouldn't be here otherwise,\" \" How could she do it, Leon?\" she shook slightly, her eyes welling up with tears, \"How could she have killed all those people…she was a Timekeeper, she was normal, she was our friend,\" she looked at the other silent Timekeepers, \"And her own…\" she trailed off, \"Just get it over with Leon,\" \" Break that bitch,\" Dumont added harshly, and Leon looked over at him, \"She spits on all Timekeepers with this. You nail her to the cross, Leon,\" The man merely nodded before disappearing through the doors of the church, the heavy atmosphere of incense and lilies hitting him like a punch to the stomach. It smelt like death at a funeral, and made his stomach churn. He never did like churches, but this was necessary. He stared up at the figure prostrate on the gilded cross at the front of the church, high above the altar and offered a silent apology that this had to be done here. Marie always did have an awful sense of the macabre, although quite how much, he only learnt in the early hours of this morning. He could see the slight figure of Marie at the front of the church, facing away from him. He had no doubt that she knew he was here; and probably a smile had graced her face when he entered the church. He moved down towards her slowly, feeling that every footstep he took was as loud as thunder. He slid into the pew next to her, seeing that she was looking thoughtfully up at the image of Jesus, considering it carefully. She didn't say anything to him for a few minutes and he felt his heart slowly sink to his feet. \" He died for other people's sins,\" she finally spoke to him, although still not looking at him, \"He took the whole world's sins onto his back and still he did not break with the weight of them,\" Marie hummed a little, \"He so very much reminds me of you, Ray, because although you don't have the whole world on your back, you hold the weight of the dead within you. Eventually you will sink when it becomes unbearable, because unlike the Son of God, you are only human,\" he saw her see his gun, \"Violence is prohibited in church, Ray, or have you forgotten that?\" \" I am fairly certain that the chaplain of this church will overlook any violence on my part when he finds out what he has in his church,\" he said hoarsely, \"Although I am not surprised that you found your way to here of all places. It's crass and vulgar,\" \" My sister died in the early hours of this morning,\" she noted airily, \"Why would I not go to the place that she perhaps loved most of all,\" she turned to look at him finally and he saw no trace of sadness n her face. It only served to make him even more furious than ever, \"I come to respect her life while you come in anger,\" He snorted in ironic humour, \"I am sure that you come to respect her life,\" he retorted, \"I'm also sure that you respect her death a lot more,\" she raised an eyebrow at him, \"Stop playing these games with me, Marie, and be honest for the first time in your life…and never disrespect Anna's name in front of me,\" she grinned mockingly at him, \"How can you not shed a tear for your own sister who lies dead in the morgue at HQ?\" \" Oh, she'll be right at home there,\" she informed him, with a wry grin twisting her face, \"Poor Anna,\" she looked back at the statue of Jesus, \"I don't shed a tear for her like I don't shed a tear for anyone, Leon. You know me better than anyone, and you know how I grieve and it's not with tears and wailing,\" she sighed, \"My sister is dead, and there is nothing you can do to bring her back, Leon. She's gone like all the others, separated by a veil that neither you nor I can pierce, and if you wanted to be any real use, you'd know that,\" \" You can't run away from this, Marie,\" he hissed, \"You knew that I knew that you murdered those people,\" he stared at her, \"You practically pushed it at me, and you know it. Like a cat that has caught the canary and eaten it, you revelled in that fact,\" Mari was silent for a moment before looking at him slowly, \"And where is your evidence, Leon?\" her tone was cold, \"Your DNA, your witnesses, even your motive,\" she looked knowing, \"Because this case is all based on wild conjecture, I should know. So where exactly is the proof that I did anything at all?\" \" Maybe I should have made this clearer,\" he informed her, \" \"You are my proof, because you are going to confess everything to me. Dates, locations, and even whatever motive you decide to invent. You are going to tell me everything because you have nothing left. Already people are going through your apartment, and your workstation, and I am going to nail you to that cross no matter what,\" She considered him like she had considered Jesus, \"And what will that solve, Ray?\" She inquired, \"It will not bring Anna back, no matter how hard you wish it,\" he was silent, \"Like Jesus you fail to underestimate the future and other people's minds. You cannot save everyone,\" \"You do not believe in religion,\" he snapped, and a flicker of a smile shone on her face, just for a second. \"Perhaps not, Leon, but like anything, religion does have its uses,\" she crooned softly, \"Because here is the truth as is written by me. You may have loved Anna, but you could never have stayed with her forever because you would have grown complacent, but with her death now she is immortalised with you forever and you can never escape her or me ever again,\" \"After this is over I will forget you,\" he swore, and she laughed properly at that, the clear sound ringing in the cavernous room, \"I can and I will,\" \"Maybe for a day or two,\" she agreed, \"But then you'll go home, Leon, and you'll be alone and you won't help the memories rising within you. Because they'll always be a part of you, and so I am a part of you. You'll never forget me, Leon, and there's the truth of the matter,\" she leaned against the pew, smiling softly, \"We are so similar, you and I, that you will be incapable of forgetting me. That's your greatest tragedy in this. The woman that you loved is dead, the only way you'll remember her is through me. Pity that it's all tainted for you,\" \"You killed her...why?\" He demanded and she looked toward the back of the church, \"They're going to come in a minute to arrest you, this is your time to tell me the truth without anyone else listening. To tell me why you did it...to Anna, to all those others women. Why them and why did you kill them? I won't use this as your confession because I want you to tell me yourself without anyone else being here,\" he grasped her shoulder and she turned to look at him, \"If there is anything left that you once felt for us then tell me the truth. Why kill your sister?\" Marie studied him, smiling coldly, \"Anything that was left between us?\" She inquired, \"Oh Leon, you use that against me? Appealing to my emotional side. You lost any right to use that against me, three years ago. Do not try to appeal to that because there is nothing in me left to answer that,\" she rubbed her mouth agitated, before casting another look at the main doors, \"How long until they come in?\" \" Another minute,\" he said quietly, \"So tell me why now, and then that's it. Nothing else, just an answer,\" \" Oh Leon, you'll never resist chasing this answer,\" she leaned forward, \"But my reasons remain my own and you will never ever get the truth out of me. You will never be sure of whatever answer I give because I will never give you a motive. That is your curse,\" she cupped his face in her hands, looking at him, \"For how long you live you will never know why I killed those ordinary women, and my own sister. And I will break you with it,\" And then she kissed him hard on the mouth, pressing herself into his very soul, taking in the same air that he drew in. It wasn't a romantic kiss, or a kind one, it was a poisoning invasion that he couldn't help but succumb. He breathed in Marie, the familiar lilac smell of her hair, the feel of her neck under his fingers and the heat that her body radiated. She was drowning him in emotion, and he forgot that he was in a church, that not six hours ago h had found the tortured form of Anna Howard or that he was here to arrest her sister. The only thing he could think about was the spiral that Marie had sent him into. She pulled back sharply and he stared at the woman in front of him. She was panting heavily, her wild hair spilling around her shoulders. He wiped his mouth, his head suddenly clear, \"You shouldn't have done that,\" he said harshly, and she barked a laugh, \"What purpose did it serve?\" \" You will see,\" she promised, moving away. He caught her wrist tightly, \"Leon, this is not the way you want this to happen,\" he stood up, pulling out the handcuffs that he kept on him at all times, and started to fasten them around her hands, \"Neither one of us can survived without any form of challenge, Leon, eventually you will realise that I am the only thing that can create a spark that will blow into a flame within you. I can wait till you realise this,\" He looked up at her, \"Marie Howard, you are under arrest for the murder of thirteen women. You do not have to say anything but you should know that anything you do say may be used against you in a court of law…\" 1:30:00 \"Do we have anything?\" Leon asked as he walked down the steps of the large house. Korsqq looked up, \"Neither Anastasia Jay or Lark Spurr are one of the names that Ellini have that have gone through the different time zones, but that might be because those two are aliases,\" he informed his superior, \"However both Jane Samuels, and Hanna Keating are on that list. One is a doctor and the other is a social worker with children,\" Korsqq folded his arms, \"Sir, do you find it rather a coincidence that…\" \"That the two names that didn't come up on the system had references to birds in their names?\" Leon finished, \"No, it didn't escape me,\" they both got into the car, \"But it tells us about whoever it is. They're consistent concerning names, and I also don't think that it is a coincidence that Marie calls her a baby bird. Meaning that those two are most like potential accomplices,\" he picked the radio in the car up, \"Ellini, this is Timekeeper Leon, I need to find out where Hanna Keating and Jane Samuels lives, and I do hope that it is within a two hour ride because we only have an hour and a half left to find the next victim. We are running out of time,\" \"Well you're in luck, Hanna Keating lives in New Greenwich,\" Ellini answered, \"She lives in an apartment in King's Street, Number Fifty One,\" Leon immediately started driving, \"Jane Samuels also lives in New Greenwich but she lives on the opposite side of town at 7 Crystal Avenue. You might want to go to Hanna Keating first. It would be quicker for you,\" she paused, \"Leon, if you wanted to know my opinion then you should know that this feels like this is far too easy. Two names that are conveniently in the same time zone, it all seems very easy. What are we missing?\" Leon was silent for a moment, \"Remember that whoever is behind this isn't as clever as Marie,\" he finally replied, \"Eventually she will end up making a mistake and we'll get her,\" he considered the road in front of him, \"But you know that I am not going to let her win. I'm not going to give her the satisfaction of getting to us,\" he clicked off the radio and sped up the driving, \"We have an hour and a half left and we have been next to nowhere for most of these twenty four hours until now. Someone is playing a long game, anticipating that we won't win. I hope that both of these women will tell us why,\" \"Do you think that she will be of any use then, sir?\" Korsqq asked, \"It was ten years ago and a lot of bad memories. We don't even know the names of two of them,\" \"Well we can only hope and pray,\" Leon said sardonically, \"Because at the moment, we've far too much to lose,\" the car pulled up sharply outside a large house and the two men got swiftly out of the car, \"Let us hope that she is still in and not off to work,\" Leon muttered, pulling on the bell which could be heard deep inside the house. There was a clicking of heels and the door opened to show a woman of average height with bleached blonde hair, \"Hello?\" she asked the two men, \"How can I help you both?\" \"Hanna Keating?\" Leon asked and she nodded, \"I'm Timekeeper Raymond Leon, this is Timekeeper Korsqq, we're here about Marie Howard,\" she opened her mouth, \"Listen, we know that you know her quite well. You were in the same support group and that you spent a lot of time talking with her along with other women that go by the names of Anastasia Jay, Lark Spurr and Jane Samuels. Furthermore, you've probably seen the news that another two of that group: Rachel Lighthower and Sara Luxembourg also known as Rachel Lichtenstein and Patricia Strozzi have been murdered. Surely you can work out the maths for this,\" The woman straightened up, \"No flies on you then, Timekeeper,\" she said coldly, before opening the door wider, \"You better come in, and I'll give Jane the heads up that she should come over here right now so she can give her statement to you. Prove that neither one of us are mass murdering psychopaths,\" \"You know Jane Samuels?\" Hanna Keating nodded, before picking up the phone, \"That would be a lot of help for us, and save a lot of time,\" \"My pleasure Timekeeper,\" she answered, before listening through the phone, \"Hi Jane, it's Hanna,\" there was a faint burble on the other end, \"Yes, I'm fine. I was just calling to see whether you could come over as soon as possible. The Timekeepers have descended on my house and they know about the support group,\" another burble, \"Yes, I think it would be better if you came over as well. See you as soon as possible. Bye,\" she placed the phone down, \"She'll try to get here as soon as she can. I guess you're running on a rather tight schedule,\" \"We have an hour and a half left, ma'am,\" Korsqq answered her quickly, \"Which is why we need to get to the bottom of this as quickly as we can,\" Miss Keating nodded, before going into the living room, both the men following her, \"You first met Marie Howard in the support group run by Margaret Cavalli?\" She looked at Leon, \"You don't remember me, do you?\" she asked him, and Leon tilted his head slowly, \"We have met a couple of times before although I suppose you were a little wrapped up in someone else when we did meet. It never was for very long,\" Hanna turned to Korsqq, \"Yes, I met Marie Howard in the support group that was run by Anna Howard, as it was at that time before Margaret took control. And yes, I was close to Marie Howard in a smaller group as well,\" \"Were there many of you in that group?\" Leon inquired. \"No, there were only a few of us that Marie was interested in,\" Hanna said, shrugging, \"I keep in contact with Jane Samuels like you know but apart from that the others sort of drifted away. I haven't seen the others since Marie was arrested,\" she cleared her throat, \"I was the first person that Marie took on as a kind of sponsor in that group. She didn't really talk ever so much in the group meetings; she liked listening to others problems. But when you were on your own with her she really helped you connect with yourself. Took you right to the root of the problem and made it go away. It was very cleansing,\" \"The others being Lark Spurr, and Anastasia Jay?\" he asked and she nodded, \"We only got those names, I don't suppose you know their real names or addresses perhaps,\" Hanna shook her head, \"We know the connection between the two women that were murdered was that they were Marie's cast offs, as you like. She was grooming them to be her accomplice but they didn't work out. The accomplice now is who she managed to turn completely. Do you know if Marie had a falling out with them?\" Hanna frowned, \"I remember that Rachel…I'm sorry, Raquel, had a very loud disagreement with Marie shortly before she was arrested. I believe that it was at the same time as Antonia Kentwood's murder. It was something trivial, from what I recall, but I do know that they never really sat aright with each other after that. Sara was different, she was right within the group because she was so young, the rest of us liked her for being so young when the rest of us were…well older,\" the doorbell rang, \"That'll be Jane,\" she walked out of the room to return with a very tall, wispy looking woman, \"Timekeepers Leon and Korsqq,\" she told her, before sitting down on the sofas. \"Ahh, the man that had Marie running in circles for weeks,\" Jane Samuels studied Leon with a quiet intensity that made the back of his neck crawl, \"Pleasure to finally meet you, Raymond Leon. We heard so much about you from Marie. I consider it an honour to actually talk to you post Marie's arrest. Now that you have your eyes wide open and not so blinkered back then,\" \"You're very blunt,\" he said to the woman, who only smiled, \"If you weren't already here, I would have said that you had the likeminded attitude that Marie desperately displays,\" instead of being offended the woman only smiled softly, \"You agree with what she is doing? Or rather what the accomplice is doing?\" Jane Samuels leaned forward, \"The woman who is doing this, and it is a woman, is acting on Marie's orders,\" she informed him, \"She is nothing but a go between, a mouth for Marie to use. She doesn't have any thoughts for herself, and when Marie has achieved what she wants then whoever it is will be placed back inside the box. Nothing more, nothing less,\" she smiled wryly, \"You're looking for a cunning killer when you should be looking for a submissive mouse. Wasn't the torture of both the bodies post mortem?\" \"And I wonder how you know that,\" Leon retorted, \"Because as far as I know, that piece of information wasn't released to the public, so how did you get a hold of it?\" \"I have a friend in the IT department of the Timekeepers HQ, his name is James Danvers, you can look him up and vet him out if you don't believe,\" she replied simply, \"Not that I think you have much time to be chasing down that particular lead at the moment,\" Leon leant back, \"I might be missing something here, but it does sound like you are agreeing with Marie on this subject,\" he noted, \"I do not have the time to play games, enough of my time these past twenty four hours have been playing games and I am starting to get very tired of doing so. What exact problem do you have with me, I wonder?\" \"I don't like any man that is with a woman and then decides to muddy the waters,\" she answered him, \"And I think you know exactly what I am talking about, Raymond Leon. Because over the course of those five years, I saw a strong woman disintegrate at the seams and lose her sanity,\" she tilted her head at him, \"I condemn Marie for the crimes that she committed, but you have to see her reasoning. The death of her sister was only the icing on the cake that was Marie's life. Have you talked with her mother?\" \"Elisabeth Howard is not going to be bothered on these events by anyone,\" he snapped, \"One daughter was killed by the other, and I don't believe she needs to be bothered by anyone else now. She's deserves a quiet life away from any publicity,\" he stared her down, \"And I never broke Marie's sanity, she lost that years ago,\" \"Oh perhaps she had,\" Jane Samuels shrugged, \"But it is true that you suspected her of murder a couple of years before you finally arrested her. Tragic that it had to take Anna Howard's death for you to see past the clouds,\" 12 Years Ago. \" I'm not sure what it is about parties but they always seem...forced,\" Marie said next to him and he turned to look at her, \"People celebrating the passing of time measured out by birthdays and parties. Makes me feel queasy,\" \"Hello Marie,\" Leon said, \"Trust you to make even a celebration seem completely pointless,\" she smiled sarcastically at him, \"Aren't you supposed to be at the doctors getting your prescription filled out or something like that. You're not supposed to be here. She doesn't want you to be here with everyone else around. Especially considering what happened last week,\" \"Turning my own sister against me, now that is an idea,\" she remarked, turning to him, \"But as I distinctly recall it takes two to tango,\" she placed a hand to her mouth dramatically, \"Oh, but she doesn't exactly know about that, does she? She just doesn't like because what I said about Elisabeth,\" she looked back at the party, \"Imagine if we did tell her Leon. The truth does set you free after and you're drowning already,\" she cleared her throat, \"Besides it's my big sister's birthday party. Can't miss that for the world, can we?\" He folded his arms, \"Listen to me, Marie, nothing happened between us and it stays that way,\" she merely smiled at him, \"Now don't cause any trouble and don't upset anyone,\" she made to move off and he caught her arm, \"Marie, do remember it is your sister's birthday. You haven't even brought a present,\" \"The present is being delivered later on,\" she told him, taking a champagne glass off a nearby waiter, \"I do think that people will like it,\" she rocked back on her heels, before grinning at him, \"Either way, best mingle with the crowd. I do not want to seem rude. That would be bad,\" she raised her glass to him, \"Besides I really would hate for anything to affect our work together. I would hate for anything to complicate the cases that we're on. I would hate for the press to think that the Timekeepers couldn't do their job,\" she waved a hand before heading over to a group by the buffet table, calling \"Hey Robin, so how's your work coming along?\" as she did so. It was half an hour into the party when Fasch made his way over to Leon, \"Got a call,\" he said to him, and a strange quietness settled over the party, \"You're up, the Red Petal Killer has decided to display another body. Their ninth victim, same location, same body work done to it. Local patrols just picked up the call, their forensics give her the time of death at about an hour ago,\" he looked at the party, \"Not exactly the type of present we wanted for today really,\" Those words made Leon's head snap toward Marie who was standing talking to another woman, both having serious expressions on their faces. As if she could feel him watching her, she turned her head perfectly to look at him, and he looked into his eyes from across the room. No warmth was shown there only a barren icy bleakness that resonated in his heart. Then a smile flickered onto her face and the moment past, life resuming as normal. Except that icy feeling remained lodged in his chest and refused to move. Perhaps it was just a coincidence or just a passing glance but there was something in that smile that promised something more. Something more than a normal life and a contented one, but one of fire and blood. Now he really didn't know what to do. 00:45:00 \"I'm sorry about Jane,\" Hanna Keating walked into the living room, placing down the cups of tea that she had made, \"She still finds it hard to say anything against Marie, I still do some of the time,\" she smoothed down her skirt, \"Yu have to understand that when we met Marie we were still hurting from a lot of pain and Marie picked us up, dusted us off and made us whole again. We both owe her a lot,\" \"More than a lot,\" Leon looked at Jane Samuels who was standing in the doorway, \"The woman made sure that nothing would ever come to hurt us again. I don't know whether it had anything to do with her wanting to get us more emotionally attached to her or that she genuinely cared, but she made sure that nothing ever troubled us. And when trouble did happen to come along, she made it go away permanently. She might not have understood the deeper meanings of emotions but she was a good friend,\" Leon swallowed, \"Did she ever get you to do anything for her that aided her in her murders?\" he inquired, \"Provide an alibi, buy something out of the ordinary in your name, or even meet someone that she needed to pass a message onto. Something that would have been under the radar,\" \"I once carried a parcel for her,\" Hanna told him, drinking her tea, \"Nothing that seemed important, but she got it sent to my house and then I held it for her when she was out of town moving house. Personal package, I think, I didn't open it, but it was marked fragile and it sounded like there was glass inside,\" she shrugged, \"That was all, she usually asked Lark or Anastasia for anything to do with something she needed done and she was in a bit of a tight fix. They would have leapt over mountains for her,\" \"Tell us about them. One of them is most likely who we are looking for,\" Hanna looked thoughtful, \"Anastasia was loud, pushy, and impulsive. Someone who really wanted to go places and didn't mind who she stepped on to get to the right places. I often wondered why she was at the support meetings because she looked like she had recovered, but you never know with people. Lark was different; she was a quiet person, intense when you talked to her, always about the job. Passive aggressive, but loved books and reading. Always had a new one every time we saw her. Both of them loved Marie though, very quick to get on her side in any type of argument which I think Marie found quite attractive,\" \"She fucking hated it,\" all three looked towards Jane who was still in the doorway, \"She would put them back in the box every time she didn't need either one, and she always used to smoke after meeting with them,\" at their inquisitive looks, she shrugged, \"I took the same train home with her, she always looked stressed to hell afterwards. Talked a lot in what didn't make a lot of sense. Believe me, Timekeeper, if you're looking for an accomplice that would do anything for Marie, you don't need to look any further than those two,\" Leon looked at Hanna across from him, \"Tell me, when you realised that Sara and Raquel had been murdered, why didn't you ring the Timekeepers to explain the connection between the two people. We are nearly at the twenty four hour mark and if you had come to us earlier, we would have gotten much further along than we are presently. Why didn't you ring?\" The two women looked at each other, \"We discussed it at the beginning, when the names were released to the public,\" Hanna began, \"Except we decided not to because…\" \"We wanted to avoid this whole…debacle,\" Jane bluntly put it, \"Because now you want to take us down the Headquarters and try and help further in this case even though the facts are right in front of you. The last time either one of us had contact with Marie or anyone else of that group was ten years ago, and now two of them are dead. We do not want to become the next two that wind up on the pavements of Dayton,\" \"Being the Timekeepers Headquarters will mean that you're safer than anywhere else,\" Korsqq pointed out, \"Seeing as we're trying to find out the location of Marie Howard's accomplice, you being with us means that we can correctly discount you from any on-going investigation that we do,\" Jane Samuels still didn't look convinced and Leon sighed impatiently, standing up, \"I'm not sure whether you understand this, Miss Samuels,\" he said to her, \"But twenty four hours ago, I saw Marie Howard for the first time in a very long time, along with two dead bodies. I have been through families, pieces of paper and phone calls to get me here, plus finding out another part of two sisters lives that I had absolutely no idea about ten years ago, despite being involved with one of them,\" he folded his arms, \"At this moment I am willing to forcibly take you into custody now just to make sure that another murder cannot occur. Apart from two missing people, one of which is the assistant killer, you are the only two that could satisfy the connection. So we're leaving right now,\" \"You can't physically make us go,\" Hanna Keating stated, placing down her tea. \"You have both just admitted to knowing the connection between the two victims, something that the general public have not been informed about, and keeping it to yourselves,\" Korsqq reeled out, \"You also admitted collaborating with Marie Howard during her run as a serial murderer and most likely had suspicions about what she was without you telling the Timekeepers,\" the blonde haired shrugged, \"It sounds like a collaboration between the two of you and Marie Howard. You can see how that would look in the press,\" \"Fine,\" Jane grabbed her coat from the sofa, \"Let's hope you don't make a mistake again, Timekeeper,\" 00:20:00 \"This is completely worthless,\" Jane Samuels said, from the back of the car, \"You are completely missing the point here. If Marie wanted to kill us then we would have already been taken by whoever is killing these people. As far as we know, Marie hasn't shown any inclination into wanting us both dead, therefore you can summarise that both of us will be fine,\" \"Marie Howard promised me one murder,\" Leon told her, holding up a finger, \"One, and as you said there are no other members of Marie's little connection group that ultimately failed her. Therefore you are the only two possible candidates for the next murders,\" he tapped the steering wheel anxiously, \"There are still twenty minutes left, and there isn't anything that Marie can do to get either of you two. I consider that a result,\" however there was still a weight in his heart that made him uneasy. \"Are you sure?\" she inquired, \"Because of what I can remember of Marie was that she always loved pointing out the thing that was right in front of you but always missed. I do wonder at what it is this time,\" Leon sighed impatiently, \"You haven't seen Marie in ten years, am I correct?\" she nodded sharply, \"Tell me, how pleased would she be concerning either of you? Not even a phone call, believe me, I've seen the logs. Because whoever this is, Marie certainly reached out to get help. You go on about whoever it is as if they're weak, that they mean nothing to Marie. When I told Marie, she told me that she cared in her own way about her baby bird. Very maternal over her. Ever considered that perhaps whoever it is has Marie's full confidence and is held in high regard?\" \"Anyone told you that you're a bastard, Timekeeper?\" she retorted, and Leon's mouth twitched slightly in a smile, \"I can see why Marie liked you so much, even with all the shit you put her through. Only man that could keep up with her, and of course you were clever enough to catch her,\" \"Cut the bullshit, I know that Marie intended for me to catch her when I did, she played a long game in which to trap everyone within it, and to come down as the final victor,\" Leon replied, looking at the time. There was so little time left now, \"All I have to do now is to make sure that she is cut off from any civilisation and any satisfaction,\" his phone suddenly vibrated, and he dug it out of his pocket to see the sender of the message. Unknown sender stared back at him and he opened the message up. NICE TRY ;-) A sliver of ice found his way into his stomach at seeing that. Nice try, there was something in those words that seemed to be worse than what they should have been. Nice try. He handed his phone over to Korsqq who looked up immediately, \"Do you think that we missed anything?\" he asked his superior, \"The only possible people that could have been part of the connection are in the back of this car,\" \"We missed something,\" Leon pulled up by the side of the road, his thoughts going a mile an hour, \"Something important, something…\" he looked in the rear-view mirror meeting Jane Samuel's eyes, \"Right in front of us,\" he spun the steering wheel violently pushing the car to its limits as it shot along the road, \"Call Dispatch, we need backup on this,\" Korsqq nodded, already talking into the radio. After fifteen minutes, Leon pulled up outside a house, \"Are you sure, sir?\" Korsqq inquired, and Leon nodded, opening the door and getting out. He stared up at the house, knowing that this was not going to end well. 00:05:00 He walked up to the door, seeing that it was slightly ajar. He looked up at the windows, seeing that no lights were on inside. He placed his hand on the door handle, withdrawing it sharply when he felt that it was sticky with a substance, but it was too dark to see what it was. He pushed the door open, walking inside the darkened house. He squinted in the darkness, trying to find a light switch, when his foot hit something soft and heavy. He stiffened slightly, quickly finding the wall, and flipping the switch on. 00:04:00 Cold dead eyes stared into his, and Leon swallowed heavily at the sight of the dead man. One clean bullet hole had punctured his forehead cleanly. Clearly he was not the intended victim. Leon looked down at his hand, seeing that what had coated the door handle had been blood. He wiped it off viciously, before casting his eyes around the room. He stopped when he saw a rose lying innocently on the ground in front of another door. This was no doubt where the true present was. 00:03:00 Leon gripped the door before pushing it open, and turning the light on swiftly, wanting to get the ordeal over and done with as quickly as possible. The stench of the blood hit him in an overpowering wave, and he turned away for a second before looking back at the scene in front of him. Whoever the accomplice was, they had clearly lost their distaste for torture before killing their victim. And this time they had placed their own stamp on the occasion. It was far from the controlled torture that was of Marie's murders, but more chaotic, out of control, and impulsive. 00:02:00 His phone rang sharply, and he picked it up, \"Do we see now?\" the caller said on the other end of the phone, \"Do we see, Ray, that no one in this game is safe? You might have found the connection of my collected prizes, but that does not mean that you are any closer to me. Do we understand each other now?\" 00:01:00 \"Yes,\" he answered numbly, \"Yes, we understand each other,\" he shut the phone mutely, leaning against the wall, seeing the murdered and butchered corpse of Margaret Cavalli stare coldly back at him. 00:00:00 So, how was that :-P and now everything is starting to pick up the pace with this again. And I wonder who people think is the accomplice. Drop me a line and tell me. I'm always interested to know what people think. So long :) Next Time \"This is the first trial of Marie Elisabeth Howard,\" ... \"Whatever you do, do not say anything about her disabilities,\" Leon warned the younger man ... \"Marie was always getting into trouble,\" the woman smoothed down her skirt, \"Anna was the sensible one, the sweet one. With Marie, you were always wondering what was going on behind those eyes of her, and whether she wanted to be your friend or wanted to push you into the dirt,\" ... \"I don't car what you think, I don't care what you say, all I know is that there is a woman that is lying dead because of you and I know next to nothing anymore because of your damn games,\" ... \"Open your eyes and see what is in front of you,\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: In Time does not belong to me. It was raining. That was the first thing he noticed when"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"The Grudge 4","Author":"KiramekiUtau","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6782733","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey, everyone! This is my very first Grudge story. I've been thinking about making one for a while, and I've also been thinking about the plot line! And to tell the truth, I am SUPER excited! This story begins right where The Grudge 3 finished! I hope you guys likey ~PiperJason \" Many people killed in the State Building. All these people were killed in strange incidents; however, the police keep quiet about how. Strangely, however, all of these people were killed in two ways; either drowned or other unknown varibles the police would rather not show. This incident relates to the same incident which happened a month before, to the people living in Apartment 305. Reporters say-\" \"Oh, wow. That must really suck.\" A voice said behind me, interrupting the news anchor. I did the natural thing. I jumped. \"Josh!\" I smacked the back of his head. He mock winced, and then grinned. I sighed. He was never going to learn. \"Whaaat?\" He play-whined. \"I'm sorry Rhiannon, I didn't mean to talk…\" I smirked. \"Next time, you shouldn't' talk at all.\" He rolled his eyes, and plopped on the couch next to me. \"So, what are you watching?\" \"Some news story on that haunted building.\" \"Oh, that again?\" \"I know right? It's so weird. First Jake's family.\" She swallowed. The poor boy. Her cousin. \"And then all these people.\" She caught a glimpse of the T.V screen, and her eyes narrowed. \"Yeah, it's like-\" \"Shh.\" I said, putting a hand up to silence him. There were two survivors, however. Lisa and Rose, the remaining people living on that floor, were both taken to an institution soon after Lisa started screaming, reporting a sight of a dead looking Japanese woman. This brings us back to the story of Jake Kimble's death; he had reported as well, seeing this woman, as well as a small Japanese boy. This shows us, however, that- I shut the T.V off. This stuff was starting to freak me out. Josh snickered beside me. \"The unknown variables must have been stupidity. Psh… I went to that building and there's nothing there.\" My heart dropped to my knees. \"What?\" \"Oh, it was for this dare. I just wanted to have some fun, right? Hey, don't worry! There's nothing there. I can promise that.\" My head was spinning to fast. My boyfriend; went into that building? What if there really WAS something? \"Hey.\" He said again, taking my face in his hands. \"Nothing's going to happen. I'll be fine.\" He said, and kissed me once. \"Anyways, I have to go to school; I have my biology exam today.\" He winced. \"Wait- who did you take with you?\" I croaked. \"Ashley, Samara, Jake, and Tom.\" I widened my eyes, but he was already gone. I was having a nagging, creeping feeling about this. And I was going to check out that building. How was it? Was it good? I've ALWAYS wanted to do this! :D Anyways, R and you can ALWAYS give me ideas if you want! ~PiperJason[Chapter 2] Yay! I got a review! Usually, for movies, you don't get reviews, but my story got one! I'm so psyched! Okay, so this will include Rhiannon going into the apartment... Enjoy. May The grudge not haunt you, ~PiperJason I wore my blue tank top, and a sweater over it. I pulled on some jeans, and put on my running shoes, and headed outisde. I drove all the way to the apartment, and let out a long, troubled sigh. Okay. This was it. I was going inside. I walked into the building. I immediately realized something; No one lived there anymore. I shivered unvoluntarily. I went into apartment 305, and immediately felt a difference in the atmosphere. It was like a... presence. Like something cold, and dead dark with you. And it completely freaked me out. I heard a thudding noise, and I stiffened. I turned around, and saw a closet. I stepped toward it cautiously, and ripped off the tape. I opened it, and stepped back in shock, incase there was anything there. But there was nothing. I sighed. I was being way to paranoid. But then... something fell. A dead body. Correction. Jake's dead body. I screamed and ran out the door, crying. I ran into my car, and speed off away from the building. I parked outside my building, and sobbed onto the driver's wheel. And then I felt like I was drowning. Which was impossible, because I wasn't anywhere near water. Other than my tears. I looked up, and in the rear view mirror, I saw a woman... dead white. And she was reaching out for me. I screamed and thrashed, and tried to open the door. But it was locked. I scream-cried, until someone slammed against my door. I screamed again. Until I realized... It was Josh. Thank God. I looked behind me, frantic, but the woman wasn't there. I managed to open the door, and hugged him. He hugged me back. \"Ri? Are you okay?\" He asked, worried. \"Fine. Just fine.\" In fact, after what I'd seen... I was more worried about him. And then, I looked up at our apartment, and my heart jumped. The same woman... staring down at me. So, how did ya like this? I hope you really did! I'm seriously looking forward to more reviews! XD ~PiperJason[Chapter 3] I'm so proud of myself; I've gotten reviews! :D I'm like dancing right now! Or, I would be, IF I wasn't so damn tired. ANYWAYS, here's the third chapter, and I hope for those of you who are reading- Keep reading! ~PiperJason I yawned, and woke up in the morning. Wow. What a day yesterday. Seeing Jake like that…. Ugh. I shivered, remembering it. I looked beside me, and Josh was already gone. I blinked warily, got up and stretched, when I noticed the answering machine blinking. I pressed the play button. \"Hey, I'm out for an early shift. Randy asked me if I could do it early today. Because I have a surprise for you. Anyways, see you soon!\" I smiled to myself, wondering what it would be. I went to the living room of the apartment building, and flipped on the T.V. Then I went to take a shower. I felt as if the last days events were caked on my skin; I needed to clean it out. I washed my hair with shampoo… and looked down. Black hair. Black hair was going down the drain. Panicked, I pulled my fingers through my hair when I remembered… I didn't have black hair. I had blonde hair. I pulled on a towel, and ran out of the shower as if in a trance. What was going on? That woman yesterday… This was getting creepier and creepier by the minute. I pulled on a t-shirt, sweater, and matchstick jeans, and sat on the sofa to watch some news. But the T.V was off. Huh. That's funny. I could have sworn that it was on. I turned it on again, but it just turned off. I furrowed my eyebrows… When I heard it. The death rattle. The same noise that everyone, even Jake had claimed to hear before they died. I widened my eyes, and slowly turned around. I screamed. The same woman, so pale, was right behind me. I fell off the sofa, and backed against the glass. The woman crawled towards me. I couldn't scream anymore. I started to sob. It was over. I was going to die. Like Jack. Like Mr. Kimble and Trish. Like Daisey. Like everyone else. And that's when I heard the phone ring. I looked up, and the woman wasn't there anymore. I reached for my cell phone, still feeling like jelly. I took it, and looked at the caller ID. Josh. It was only him. I sighed in relief. I pressed the talk button, and said, \"Josh, are you okay? This weird-\" But I was cut off. By the death rattle. I dropped the phone, and ran out of my apartment, crying. I ran to Samara's apartment. I banged on the door. \"Sam! Same, open up! Please!\" I yelled. The door opened, but Sam wasn't there. She must have left her door unlocked. As usual. I walked inside hesitantly, and tried the lights, but they weren't working. Black out? I doubt it. My lights were working fine. \"Sam?\" I whispered. \"Sam! Sam stop messing around!\" I said a little louder. And then I saw her by the T.V. She was sitting on her chair, her brown hair in a ponytail. I sighed in relief. I touched her shoulder, and spun the chair around. \"Sam, are you-\" But I froze with shock. Her eyes were wide open… And so was her throat. So, what do ya guys think? Good, bad? R&R;! I'm proud of this chapter! Yes, I did use an idea from the second movie. I'd been thinking about it for a while though! ~PiperJason[Chapter 4] Hey guys! I updated! Feels like a while… *.* I don't know. But anyways, here's the next chapter! Enjoy! I was sobbing uncontrollably. I ran out of Sam's house, and drove to Ashley's. She buzzed me in, and when she answered the door, I ran right into her waiting arms. \"Shh. What's wrong with you girl? What happened?\" She asked me. She is the best friend anyone could possibly have. Daniel came out after her. \"Ri? What's up?\" Danny is Ashley's boyfriend. They're tight. Very close. They're so cute too. And so I told them. * Flash back *- What happened to Josh? I was walking along the road. I'd only called Ri a few minutes ago. And I was going to make sure that this was a surprise. I was still a bit nervous, which was unusual for me. I'm never nervous. I didn't know what she was going to say though. I went into the shop, and looked for one. And then one caught my eye. It wasn't thick and heavy. It was skinny, and light looking. The silver glimmered in the light, and a small opal sat on top of it. It curled around as well. It was beautiful. I grinned. She would love it. So I bought the ring. It was $3,500. But you know what? It was totally worth it. I began to walk back home when I heard a rattling noise. Like a death rattle. With a jolt, I realized that I'd heard it before. It was her. Again. I broke into a run, the ring securely in my jacket pocket. I ran for my life. Finally, I got to the door, but I'd dropped my cell. I looked around for it, but it wasn't there. \" Damn it.\" I growled. But then I realized that SHE wasn't there I sighed. I turned back around… And there it was. Right in front of me. I blinked in surprise. I looked around, but no one was there. Yeah. No one would be outside this early. Is shook my head and continued home. * End of Flashback* \"And- I don't know what happened to him…\" I said, crying louder. Ash sent a panicked glance at Danny. \"You're not shitting me about this ghost stuff, are you?\" \"No! No of course not! How could you think that!\" She bit her lip nervously, and looked down, her golden curls shielding her pretty face. \"Because we've been seeing the same things. I've asked a therapist- But no one seems to have an answer. My therapist says I have PSTD because my dad died. But he died ages ago. It's not that- I- I just don't know.\" Her voice cracked, and Danny put an arm around her shoulders. I sighed. This was getting way off hand. Then the phone rang. I stared at it, shocked to my core. I didn't want to pick it up. I looked at Ashley and Danny, and saw that they felt the same. I shakily got up, and walked towards the phone very, very slowly. I picked it up, preparing to hear the jolting death rattle. Instead, the voice shocked me. \"Ri, is that you? Or is it Dan? Is anyone there? Please!\" It was Josh. It was JOSH! He wasn't dead! \"Josh.\" I replied, and my voice cracked. How'd you like it, all? Love it? Hate it? How was it? ~PiperJason[Chapter 5] Hey, all! I just want you to know something! First off, thank you everyone for reading all my stories! If you think that I'm not updating because I'm not interested, or I don't have anymore ideas, thent that's not it. See, I have exams and my grades are really, really dropping. I really have to get them up. So, until the Thursday of next week, I won't be able to update! But once exams are over, I'll be able to spend a lot more time on writing my stories! No, really, I actually have a plan. So please wait until next Thursday so I can properly update! :D Oh, and a few notices for some of my stories... The Red Butterfly (My Fruits Basket Fanfic)- Yes, I am continuing it! Though, it is difficult without many reviews. So please read and review! It encourages me! :d The Grudge 4- I am continuing this too! Too avoid confusion, please read this notice. I am changing the main character's name to Sienna. I just realized something... awkward. So, please regard the main characters name as Sienna! :D It's just a name change! After Crescendo: Tempest- Of course, I am continuing this! It has a lot more chapters to go before I'm don! So please continue to read this! :D Thank you! You guys are all the greatest! Thank you to everyone that has reviewed for each one of my stories! I really, really, really appreciate the feedback! No, really! :D Thank you so much for all the support! Wish me luck on my exams! ~Kaede-chan ","Summary":" Hey, everyone! This is my very first Grudge story. I've been thinking about making one for a while,"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"All Our Days","Author":"AnimeGirl 144","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10962727","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This entire series is based on Jeff Williams' song \"All Our Days\" from RWBY Vol. 2 Soundtrack . It's a heartwarming song, and as I listened to it, I realized that it could work out for Rex and Speed. So, these are small drabbles/one-shots that focus on a specific verse from the song. They'll be in order of the lyrics, so they should follow one after the other seamlessly. I'd suggest listening to the song so you get an idea on what each chapter is about. Please enjoy! Rex Racer was a gifted young boy; his parents knew this even before he could speak. He was smarter than kids his age, and that made him more mature than the others. As a Racer child, his passion became race cars and racing. He would be out in the garage all day with his dad, watching him fix and build cars. He was even allowed to help out from time to time, although his dad did the main work and would just let his son help out on the smaller work. His interaction with other kids was very limited. The boys in the neighborhood didn't want to hang out with Rex because of how different he was from all of them. They found his grown-up attitude to be strange, and so they never included him in their activities. At first, Rex was fine with them out casting him because he enjoyed working alongside his dad better. However, by the time he turned seven, he realized how lonely he was. Spending time with his dad was fun, sure, but it wasn't the same as having a friend who he could talk to and play with. When he wasn't in the garage or doing homework, he'd sometimes watch the neighborhood kids playing in the street, and it made him feel lonely. He would sometimes approach them, asking if he could play, but they just ignored him. Eventually, he stopped approaching them and instead turned his attention to his imagination, where Rex was never alone. His imagination spurred a wish he wanted above everything else. Rex wanted a friend, but above all that, he wanted a sibling. Rex was an only child, and while that was fine and all since he got his parents undivided attention, it still made him feel very alone. He wanted a little brother (or sister; he wasn't picky) who would play games with him, and who wouldn't leave him alone. He would do the same for his little sibling; he'd always be there for them, and he'd never let them feel alone in the world. He already imagined what they'd do. They'd play games for hours on end; they'd have so much fun playing games that Mom would have to break up their playtime. They'd watch movies and shows that they would laugh about. Rex would teach his sibling everything there was to know about racing; from building and maintaining a car and all of his techniques. His imaginations made him yearn for a sibling even more. So every night, Rex made a wish to the stars in the sky, hoping for his dreams to become a reality.[Chapter 2] Thank you for everyone who has read the story so far. Please enjoy the chapter! The first time Rex had met Speed, the boy was ten, and Speed was a newborn. He and his father were at the hospital, both looking at mother and son in something close to awe. Mom Racer was holding her newborn son in her arms, smiling at Pops and Rex tiredly but proudly. \"Rex,\" his mother called to him, sounding just as tired as she looked. \"Say hello to your little brother, Speed.\" Rex found that he was staring intently at the little baby while his dad said loving words to his wife and gave his newborn son a rub on his lightly-haired head. Rex peeked at the little baby from where he stood on the side of the bed, careful not to bother his mother. His dad had told him that she would be tired after giving birth to Speed, and so Rex was doing his best to not be a pest. Rex tilted his head to the side, studying the baby rather closely. He'd never seen a baby up close before; just the toy versions he'd see in the toy store aisles. His first observation of the baby was that it was fast asleep, all snuggled up in a tightly wound blanket. The second conversation he made was that Speed was very small. If Rex had to guess, he would have said that the boy was about half his height. For an odd reason, that idea intrigued him because he was tall and big while Speed was short and small. \"You're a big brother Rex,\" Pops said to his eldest child, making Rex turn his attention onto his father. Big brother. Rex knew what those words meant; had seen them spelled out in books and in movies. He understood the weight they carried, and he couldn't help but feel excited about the word. Finally, his wish had come true, and he finally had a baby brother to play with. He looked back to the newborn that was his little brother, and a new feeling overtook him. Cautiously, Rex pulled himself up onto the bed, carefully avoiding his mother's limbs so he wouldn't hurt her. His mother smiled encouragingly, already guessing what he was planning to do. Rex glanced up at his mother, and when he saw the smile on her face, he moved closer, reaching out his fingers to touch the baby boy. He wanted to touch the child, just as his mother was doing and just as he had seen his father do only minutes before. Just before his fingers could touch Speed's right hand, the baby opened his eyes. Rex froze, unsure of what his next move should be. The baby looked at the older boy before reaching out his arm and lightly grazing Rex's outstretched hand. Once he felt the appendage, his tiny fingers wrapped themselves around the hand. Rex stared in amazement and awe at the child. His parents watched the exchange between brothers in joy. Speed stared at his older brother for a small while clutching tightly at Rex's hand. Mom stared at Rex and smiled, seeing the dumbstruck look upon the ten-year-old's face as he continued to stare at his baby brother. \"Would you like to hold him?\" Rex stared at his mother in surprise, but nodded eagerly. His mother smiled and, with help from Pops, transferred Speed into Rex's arms. The boy sat the baby on his lap and held the baby's upper body in his arms, laying the head against his chest. He stared down at the baby in his arms, disbelief on his face that he was actually able to hold his brother. He had been right; the child was small and light in his arms. The babe stared up at Rex, his hazel eyes focused on his big brother. Slowly, a warm and loving smile spread across the older boy's face. \"Hi Speed,\" he cooed to the newborn. \"I'm your big brother Rex.\"[Chapter 3] Another weekend has come, and so with it another chapter. My next few chapters may be late because school has started, and I'm about to start my internship, and so I'm getting used to both. Please, as always, enjoy! The first night Speed spent in his bassinet and cried, it wasn't his parents that went to him, it was his brother. After the hospital visit (Mom was staying one more night to get her energy back and to keep an eye on Speed), Rex had begged Pops to get a baby monitor for his room. Pops had been a little perplexed by the request, but ultimately caved in and bought his son a baby monitor. He installed it that day, and the second monitor was placed in Rex's room. The ten-year-old was ecstatic to have the little walkie-talkie in his room, now reassured that the baby would be safe. He wouldn't have to wait long for it to be put to use. It was the dead of night, and everyone was sleeping, until Speed's cries came over the monitor. While Pops and Mom took a bit more time to wake up (they had gone through this sort of thing before, obviously), Rex was out the door. The moment he heard his brother's cries, he had jumped out of bed and threw his door open without a second thought. He ran into Speed's room and over to the bassinet, finding the babe crying. Carefully, Rex picked up the baby and held him in his arms, finding it a little difficult. He maneuvered the infant around so that it would be easier to hold him. The infant hadn't stopped crying. \"It's okay Speed,\" Rex said comfortingly, patting the baby's back. \"It's okay. Big brother Rex is here for you.\" The baby didn't stop crying. He continued to wail loudly, scaring the ten-year-old. He tried rocking the babe, always gentle with his motions because he knew how small the child was, but the baby continued to cry. Rex felt like crying, but he kept his emotions in check and instead tried to figure out what was wrong with his baby brother. Had he suffered a nightmare? Could babies even have nightmares? Was he scared? Did he somehow get hurt without Rex noticing? He was pulled out of his thoughts by the sound of a throat being cleared. He turned and looked over at the source, and found his mother smiling knowingly at him. Involuntarily, he clutched little Speed closer to him. \"He won't stop crying,\" Rex informed his mother. \"Of course he won't,\" she replied, stepping into the room and walking over to her sons. \"He's hungry.\" \"He's hungry?\" Rex asked, handing Speed over when his mother held out her hands. \"Yes,\" Mom replied, walking over to the chair that had been placed in the room and taking a seat on it. \"Infants are very hungry children. You used to wake up at odd hours of the night for food.\" \"What does he eat?\" \"He can't eat anything yet. He has no teeth,\" his mother answered, picking up a blanket that was nearby and throwing it over her shoulder. She moved a little underneath the blanket, but Rex couldn't tell what she was doing. \"He drinks milk.\" Rex frowned a little. Although he was still confused on what his mother meant, he understood one thing: he was not capable of providing for the infant. That thought alone made Rex's frown deepen further. How was he supposed to be a good big brother if he couldn't provide or comfort his little brother? Mom moved the blanket away from her body and laid a now sleeping Speed in his basinet. She turned her attention to her eldest son, a little surprised to see the contemplative look upon his face. Thinking he was upset about Rex's crying, she walked over and ruffled his hair. \"Don't worry,\" Mom said comfortingly. \"You'll get used to the crying.\" Rex blinked up at his mother, coming out of his thoughts. He looked at his mother in confusion for a few seconds before looking at his sleeping brother. A look of determination appeared on his face, surprising his mother. Don't worry Speed, I'll learn everything there is to taking care of an infant, so I can take care of you, Rex vowed in his head. I'll take care of you.[Chapter 4] I'm so sorry that it's been almost four months since I've updated this story. School got rough between January and May, and I had also begun another story that took up my time. With school finished and done with, I'm hoping to get back into this. Please enjoy the chapter! Everyone was prone to nightmares; children typically more than adults. When an adult experienced a nightmare, it was usually brought on by a fear. Typically, after experiencing the nightmare, the adult would rationalize with them self that everything would be fine and they would go back to sleep. When a child experienced a nightmare, it was usually brought on by their imagination. Children had hyperactive imaginations that made simple household items turn into sharp-teethed monsters. Typically, after experiencing the nightmare, the child would scream bloody murder and rush to their parents for safety. Speed Racer was no exception. Mom Racer was awoken from her sleep by the cry of her four-year-old son, Speed. She didn't wake up in a panic since a crying son was not new to her. She was well prepared for this day. Having experienced nightmares with Rex Racer, Mom waited for her young child to come to her. The Racer men had a certain pride that they were all born with, and a mother rushing to her son's room after said son suffered a nightmare was considered damage to their pride. She quickly learned to just let the child come to her for safety and reassurance. So, while her husband slept next to her, Mom Racer waited for her young boy to come to their room to see the comfort of his parents. This would be Speed's first nightmare. She heard her young son's door open, followed by the pitter-patter that belong to the child. She waited patiently for his to open their door and to rush in with fear in his eyes, but her door didn't open. The room had fallen silent, confusing her. Wasn't her son headed for the room? Worried that he might have hurt himself (how that was possible wasn't something she would know offhand, but her son always found trouble so it wasn't impossible), she got out of bed and moved out of her and her husband's room, beginning her investigation. The hallway was empty, and so she made her way for his room, but stopped when she passed by Rex's room and heard murmuring from inside. Rex always slept with his door open; he didn't like his door to be closed while he slept. Because of this, she was able to peek her head inside and found a very surprising but also heartwarming sight. Sitting on Rex's twin-sized bed were her two sons. Speed had tears in his eyes, and he was babbling at a mile a minute about the nightmare he had just experienced. Rex was sitting and watching his distressed brother with a reassuring smile, listening patiently and letting Speed vent out his nightmare. His nightmare was nothing new to her in terms of originality; Speed had experienced a monster chasing after him that was very big and very scary. When Speed finished retelling the experience, his older brother wrapped him in a hug and reassured him that he was safe and sound. \"The monster can't get you now, and it won't ever get you,\" Rex reassured his little brother, patting his back in an attempt to calm him. \"It'll have to get through me first if it wants to get to you.\" \"Can you really fight off the monster?\" Speed asked with awe. Rex grinned widely and ruffled the boy's hair. \"I'm your big brother,\" he stated. \"No monster in the world can beat me when it comes to protecting my little brother.\" Speed grinned up at his big brother, his fears regarding the nightmare gone away with Rex's reassurance. \"Can I stay here tonight?\" the boy asked, and his answer was a nod. The two brothers crawled under the covers, getting themselves settled in the small bed. Mom Racer stepped away from the door and leaned against the wall, smiling to herself. Walking back to her waiting bed, she couldn't help but reflect that she had two of the best boys a mother could ask for.[Chapter 5] I'm so sorry! I know it must have looked like I went missing in action there, for a bit. I swear, I didn't give up on this story. I was hoping to have more time to write my stories in June and July, but things got busy. Don't worry though; I promise to finish this story, no matter how long it takes me to do so. Days like these were rare. Time was short, for the older Racer boy. He was a prodigy on the race track and found that whatever time he wasn't spending in school was spent honing his skills on the race track. It was tiring work, but he worked diligently without complaint. He did, however, note how little time he spent with his little brother. They spent time in the garage working on the race car with Pops, and Speed went to every one of Rex's races, but they didn't actually spend time together like they used to. So, in an effort to make his brother feel better, Rex took a day off from working on the car and pulled Speed outside to play a few games. Pops was, at first, against his son taking a \"day off,\" but a firm talking to from Mom set the man straight. She had seen the occasional disappointed looks from Speed anytime his brother had to blow off them playing out in the yard, and it tore her heart. She knew Rex didn't mean to hurt his brother (he'd never do it intentionally, and he even looked upset anytime he had to turn down the requests), but that didn't stop the look of sadness in Speed's eyes every time it happened. She may be a Racer, but she was a mother first; her sons' comforts came first for her. Speed had been enthralled when Rex appeared at his bedroom door on a Saturday morning and told him they'd be spending the day together, playing games. To an outsider, some would find it strange that a teenager with a future in racing would spend his time playing with his kid brother. Thankfully, Rex and Speed never needed anyone's approval and didn't care what people thought of them. So, that was how Rex found himself in the backyard, attempting to stop Speed from kicking the soccer ball into their makeshift goal. Soccer was an activity the two enjoyed since they were younger. It helped them stay active and have great foot coordination. It also helped with quick decision making for the two of them. Speed pulled back his foot and gave the checkered ball a good kick. Rex jumped for the ball, but he didn't put a lot of effort into it. He was taller and bigger, and so he knew that he could be his brother time and time again in these games. However, beating his brother wasn't his goal. He wanted to enjoy his time with his little brother and connect with him. So, from time to time, Rex would put effort into the games and beat his little brother; other times, he'd let Speed win. This was the case for the latter. The ball made it into the goal, and Speed won their game five to four (they always played to five points). \"I won! I won!\" Speed cheered, hopping around and pumping his fists in the air. Rex grinned at his little brother and picked up the child, throwing him in the air a couple of times before catching him again. Speed just squealed in delight each time he was thrown into the air. \"Congrats little bro. You're getting better at this,\" he congratulated. \"I had to really work hard this game.\" \"Hehehe,\" Speed chuckled, wrapping his arms around his big brother's neck. \"Next time, I'll beat you so bad! I won't even let you score a goal!\" Rex smirked at the challenge. \"Is that so?\" he teased. Speed grinned back, completely confident in his skills as a player. Rex probably would have offered another round, just to see if Speed could do what he said he'd do, but they were interrupted by their mother, who called for them from the sliding door. \"Boys! Lunch is ready!\" Mom called. \"Coming!\" Speed and Rex shouted in return, walking over to him. \"Race yah to the table!\" Speed challenged, grinning cheekily at his big brother. Rex's smirk widened and he placed his little brother down. \"You're on,\" Rex said. Speed's grin widened before he took off running, not bothering to count off. Rex watched his brother run off, his smirk turning into a smile. He really did value the times he got to spend with his little brother. He wanted to spend more time, but he knew he had other responsibilities to handle, which made him treasure the moments he did get to spend with his brother even more. After counting to five, Rex followed after him.[Chapter 6] We're reaching the end of this series, and it's going to get a little angsty, especially the next chapter. Please enjoy! Ever since Speed had been born, Rex had vowed to watch over and protect the young boy. When he had seen the child for the first time, Speed had been a small thing, so weak and helpless. But time flew by, and soon, Speed was a fearless, hyperactive child. The young boy's mind was on nothing but racing; such was the lifestyle of the Racer lineage. It was so bad that the kid would make car noises in his sleep. What made Rex admire the child was how upbeat he was. Rex was aware that he had no friends in class and that he was having difficulties in school. Their mother was constantly going to the school to have a conversation with the principal about Speed's inability to focus in class. Despite these setbacks, Speed had a skip in his step and was always in the garage, looking over the parts and helping out their father whenever he got the chance. Rex would teach Speed everything he knew about not only racing, but about the car he was driving. To Rex, the car was a living, breathing machine, and it deserved to be respected and understood. The older Racer wanted his little brother to understand the concept at his young age. If everyone considered Rex to be talented in racing, then Rex considered Speed to be a prodigy. The kid had a knack for racing; a raw talent that simply needed to be honed. Rex wanted to help Speed train that talent and make him the best racer in history. Hopefully, he'd get that chance. Lately, the racing business was getting to him. Back when he had been a rookie, very few companies paid him mind. It was only when he proved himself a formidable racer that people were starting to notice him. Some companies had approached him with the intent to start a contract, but Rex refused everytime. He was a driver for Racer Motors and he'd always be a driver for Racer Motors. The companies had accepted his rejections with understanding, and life had continued on. But lately, there was one person that continued to hound after him. Beneli had been attempting to get a contract with him for almost a year now, and the man refused to accept no as an answer. Races were getting more dangerous thanks to the drivers from the Unicron Team, but Rex always managed to get out of it injury free and on top. He never said a thing to any of his family; though he had an idea his father was catching on. The way Pops would look at one of the Unicron Team drivers after the race was one of scrutiny, like he knew something was up but couldn't figure out what. Rex wanted to keep his family in the dark; he refused to let them get hurt. Which was why he was so worried about Speed. Speed was wide-eyed and innocent. He had a romantic version of what racing was, and Rex wanted to protect him from the horrors of what racing had become. If Speed ever found out about how racing was no longer honorable and like what he had envisioned, he'd be crushed. His whole life was racing; Rex had made a promise to protect Speed no matter what, and that included protecting his dreams. He would help his brother become the greatest driver in history, and he would not let Beneli and people like him corrupt his little brother. Because Speed deserved nothing less.[Chapter 7] This takes place during the movie. The day had finally come. In the back of his mind, he always knew this day would come, though he didn't believe it would come so soon; or maybe, he wished it hadn't come so soon. He was leaving. Rex Racer was officially leaving the Racer Motors team, and the Racer home. Rex always knew that one day it would happen, at least when it came to the latter. He would eventually leave the home once he was old enough to sustain a life of his own. He had been prepared for the day when he would leave on his terms, but today was not that day. Today was the exact opposite. Rex was being forced to leave not because of his parents, but because of Beneli. The man had gone too far earlier that day, and Rex was now forced to leave his home and family behind. He had been able to tolerate Beneli's scares and threats when they had been directed at himself. No one in the family knew about any of it (though he had a sneaky suspicion that Pops knew), and that's how Rex wanted to keep it. However, Beneli decided to target the one family member who could get Rex to do just about anything: Speed. The boy had returned home with a guest, giving Pops a package and describing one of Beneli's shady men. Rex had freaked and gone into action immediately upon hearing the news, and no more than a few seconds later, a giant fireball was in the street. Beneli had crossed the line, and it was no longer about Rex. Beneli was targeting his family and would continue to do so until Rex gave in. For the sake of his family, he did. They struck a deal. Rex would race for Beneli and his Unicron team, so long as Beneli stayed away from his family. He wouldn't harm his family members, he wouldn't mess with their business, and if Pops ended up with a new driver before Speed could take over the family business, Beneli was never to do anything underhanded to that driver. Beneli agreed almost instantly; he knew full well he could control Rex so long as he never touched the family. Beneli had no interest in Racer Motors outside of Rex anyways. With the deal done, all Rex had to do was pack. Beneli would put him up in an apartment close to his company's facility, and would provide him with his own racing car. So, all there was to do was pack his clothing and wait for one of Beneli's men to retrieve him. It was storming outside, which was funny since it had been bright and sunny earlier in the day. It seemed the weather was matching his emotions. Rex hadn't consulted his parents about leaving; he probably should, but they'd try and talk him out of it. They wouldn't understand that this was the only route he could take to keep all of them safe. It wasn't a great choice, but it was his only one. He was almost complete with his packing when Speed stepped inside his room. The boy looked smaller than he normally was, quietly asking to come along with Rex. Rex's heart broke because this would be the last time he saw his brother. He was leaving his brother; the one thing he had promised he'd never do. Rex finished packing and pulled Speed into a hug, hoping that Speed wouldn't come to hate him. He was breaking his promise to stay by Speed's side by leaving, and it was killing him inside. He was Speed's older brother; it was his job to protect and guide the boy into an upstanding young man. How could he do that now? He was going to do terrible things that would ruin his name, and everyone he ever knew would turn away from him. He would no longer be the role model he set himself to be when Speed had been an infant. The realization of his failure killed the man inside, and when he left his room, he felt cold and numb to the world. Rex hardly acknowledged his father in the living room. He should have known the older man would be waiting for him; leaving the Racer household wasn't going to be an easy task. Heated words were exchanged, but they did nothing to Rex that he hadn't already done to himself. He was already on the path to Hell, and there was no turning back. With a firm shut of the house's door, Rex Racer was gone… forever.[Chapter 8] We've come to the end, everyone. Thank you for reading. It was many years later, when Racer X thought about Speed. The Racer family had always been on his mind, at the very back of it. It was them that had pushed him to shed his skin as Rex Racer, and become the most feared man in the racing industry, Racer X. On late nights, when he was alone with himself and his memories, he would think back to his time with his family, and he would long for them. He did, however, stay away from them. He couldn't return to them; not as Rex, and not as Racer X. Encountering them would bring unwanted attention onto them, and they may be hurt as a way to cripple Racer X. For their sake, he stayed away. He keeps updated on them, though, and so he sees Speed's crowning moment, when he wins the race at their local race track. His younger brother had almost beaten his race time, but he had been a couple seconds off. Still, despite not beating the score, he had shown off how amazingly talented he was. And that terrified him. Racer X had always known Speed would be an amazing driver; he had known this since Speed was in diapers. It was in Speed's blood, and he had the natural talent to be the best with very little effort. Seeing that talent broadcasted worldwide is what terrified Racer X the most, because Speed was inadvertently following in his big brother's footsteps. Soon, wealthy and corrupt men would be after Speed, and when they don't get what they want, they will come after the Racer family; just like they did with him. He was worried for his brother's sake, because Speed was oblivious to the evils that occupied his sport. Seeing his brother's happy face in Victory Lane resolved everything for Racer X once more. No matter what he did, no matter what it would take, he would protect his brother from the corrupted men that ruled the sport. Everyone had better get out of his way. ","Summary":" This entire series is based on Jeff Williams' song \"All Our Days\" from RWBY Vol. 2 Soundtrack . I"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"Ju-On: Rise of the Dark Mother","Author":"Kill Boss 98","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11853078","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I own nothing except the two familiar OC's (from Jason's Redemption) along with some new ones and the story's cover. NOTE/REMINDER: This story takes place in the original Japanese version of the grudge movie series. Now I like my country (America if it's not that obvious), but I hate that its remakes of classic movies foreign or not. However, there has been a change of plans in this story, Kayako's skin (and Toshio's) will be an ashy white since that's also a thing in other Japanese incarnations of The Grudge series and that the idea of blue skin is just not sitting right with me for some reason. Moving on now… In an abandoned building somewhere in Japan, a woman famously known as \"Kayako\" with snow whit skin and long black hair that reached down to her ankles and covered one of her eyes stared down at a man covered in blood and scared out of his mind was about to meet his end for trespassing into her home earlier that day. The woman croaked as she moved closer to her victim. [No! Please! Stop!] The man begged in his native tongue then the woman's hair quickly wrapped around his eyes closing off his vision which Kayako then quickly drove her hand into the stranger's chest without creating a hole or wound put him in even more panic and grabbed his heart tightly until it stopped beating. He went still after a few minutes of struggling; her work was done as she walked back home for some peace and quiet. It was a fact, she hated humans, and she still couldn't believe that she was one herself when she was alive, they are arrogant, selfish, and greedy, it made her sick. The only one she could trust was her son Toshio, who's spirit was waiting back home, she was glad to be an Onryō, so she can punish people for their crimes outside of just entering her home. Just having that feeling of power was satisfying. Kayako's house was her salvation, the only place where she and her son could be in peace, so the only problem was that there are always people coming in there, rather it was to see if the cruse that her family is suffering is real or not which meant that she couldn't tell if she should applaud them for being brave or just smack them for being stupid, not like it even matters anyway. She also found pleasure at the fact that the spirit of her quite literal back-stabbing husband: Takeo Saeki was finally gone as well, especially since he was the one who killed her after reading her diary and then killing poor Toshio, Taeko was one of the main reasons for her hatred turns mankind, nothing but a traitor who she gladly killed as punishment, other reasons are that other people refused when she offered her friendship when she was younger and by being constantly neglected in general. A priest came to their house one day and did a cleansing which forced Takeo's vengeful spirit away hopefully to Hell while Kayako and her son waited outside where it was safe, and decided to let the priest live as a repayment that was rarely given to anyone from her. Just like that, Takeo was never seen again, and Kayako finally found happiness after many years of suffering… Or so she thought. [WHAT!?] Kayako shouted with absolute horror when she finally made it to her house after her long walk only to find her home completely burned down as she moved some of the hair that was covering most of her face and simply stared what was left of it with wide eyes, nothing more than just burnt furniture and debris lying on the ground. She saw that the flames looked liked that they were put out hours ago with yellow police tape being the only thing keeping people away from the mess. But the house was the least of her worries; it was who she was still in there when she left that sent her into a real state of panic, her son Toshio was in there. Kayako ran up towards what was left of her home and quickly searched every inch of the rubble calling his name with no results. Much like Takeo's fate as a ghost, Toshio was nowhere to be found, instead Kayako looked down as her bare foot stepped on a framed (but slightly cracked) picture of her and Toshio when they were still alive, smiling together, Kayako picked up the picture and held it closely to her chest as she fell onto her knees and tears slowly came out of her eyes. She was all alone again. [Why do these things keep happening to me?] She asked herself and began quietly sobbing, as she lost her only source of happiness that she vowed to protect even in the after-life. I got to say, I actually feel pretty crappy for writing something like this, especially since I already know that Kayako has been through a lot in her life. But if you read the update on Jason's Redemption, then you know that it's not the end, but only the beginning of this story as it will have more chapters later on. So don't lose hope yet! There is more uplifting things to come from this story![Chapter 2] A few hours later, not from what's left of the house, an American woman and her daughter driving to an apartment which is where they well be staying since they were on vacation. The mother who went by the name of Selina, she had blonde hair, pale skin and a cast on lower leg with a smile on her face, her daughter looked like a seven year old version of her except withe brown eyes and was sitting in the back seat behind her mother drawing a picture. Just then, her mother began to speak up: \"So Daisy, how do you like Japan so far?\" Selina asked not taking her eyes of the road. Her daughter looked up from her picture still smiling. \"I love it here!\" She replied with pure excitement. \"Everybody is really nice, and it's so much different than back home.\" The girl's mother chuckled. \"It sure is.\" Selina was about to say something else but she looked to her left to see a car speeding towards her and Daisy's way. *CRASH* Selina blacked out completely , and Daisy began to see black dots in hear vision as she slowly slipped into unconsciousness, she thought it was all over and she had no other choice than to except what she thought was death, but she was wrong. When Night finally came Daisy woke up in shock to see that she was in a hospital room still alive she saw that there were some bandages covering her head looking almost like a headband and a cast on her left arm. Daisy looked around and found a bed right completely empty, Daisy began to panic not knowing where her mother is. The door on the other side opened revealing a doctor and a nurse having a conversation in their native tongue as they entered the room grabbing Daisy's attention. [So both drivers are dead?] Asked the nurse who looked slightly younger than Selina with her hair in a ponytail and wearing glasses. [Yes, apparently the police found that there were open bottles of unknown alcoholic beverages in the car that crashed into the mother and daughter's car. Kind of ironic really, I've heard that these kind of problems are worse in where these two are from.] The doctor answered, the doctor was a much older looking man with a mole on the right side of his face and had the front of his hair spiked up. The young nurse took notice of Daisy looking at them both in a very curious manner, clearly not understanding what they were saying. [Doctor she's awake!] The nurse pointing out in surprise, the doctor took notice and quickly changed the subject. \"Oh… um… hello Daisy, sorry but we weren't expecting you to wake up this soon, we just came to check on you and your mother.\" The Doctor explained in perfect english. Daisy looked at the medics looking completely worried. \"I… I'm not supposed to talk to strangers.\" Daisy told them honestly, the other two took note of that not wanting the girl to feel uncomfortable. \"Then maybe we should introduce ourselves so we won't be strangers anymore, how does that sound?\" The doctor suggested, Daisy thought about it for a minute but then nodded her head showing that she was okay with the idea. \"Well my name is Dr. Kujo, and this my assistant: Yuki.\" \"Hi there.\" Yuki said also in English with a sweet smile with Daisy smiling back in response. \"We're here to take of you until you're feeling better.\" The doctor told Daisy, whose smile quickly disappeared as she looked at the empty bed and then back at the medics asking a question. \"Where's Mommy?\" She couldn't help but ask, both medics hesitated before finally speaking up while lowering both their heads. \"Daisy… I'm so sorry… she's gone… she died this morning, we tried everything to save her.\" Dr. Kujo answered in a clam tone, Daisy wasn't really too what to think about his reply. But he continued to speak anyway and slowly placing a hand on the young girl's shoulder. \"I know that this is very hard for you. But right now, you need some rest, it's late and you need some sleep.\" \"You mean you won't stay with me?\" Daisy asked on the verge of tears, but the Dr. Kujo didn't hesitate to answer. \"I'm sorry again Daisy, but we can't, we have to go home. Don't worry, me and Yuki will be back by morning, I'm sure you understand.\" He answered getting ready ready to leave with Yuki Daisy was still quiet for a few seconds but then slowly tucked herself in her hospital bed and told the doctors goodnight so they said the same thing to her walking out the door. As soon as the door closed, Daisy got out of her bed and looked around her room until she found the picture she was drawing in the car amazingly undamaged and framed complements of the doctors, she picked up the picture and took a good look at it as tears started falling from her eyes, she got on her knees and began to cry with all her heart. Just down the hall where Daisy's room is in was Kayako with her head hanging low, walking down the hall way not caring if anyone was awake to see her, since she has been in that hospital before attempting to kill an older victim with Toshio's help. Even with her eerie presence the building still had an odd feeling of peace that she always enjoyed and felt like she really needed it seeing what see was going through. As she got closer to the end, she heard a soft sobbing in a room right next to her, she quietly opened the door and her eyes went completely wide at what she saw, it was Daisy, on her knees and holding a picture up to her chest crying. At that moment, Kayako saw Daisy disappeared, and saw her self from earlier that day in that exact same position then Daisy slowly returning. Kayako just couldn't believe it, someone actually knows what she is going through, and it was a child of all things. Another surprise for the vengeful spirit was that the girl she was looking at was an american, she has never seen or met one before, mostly because they normally don't come on that side of Japan for unknown reasons. Having her curiosity get the best of her, Kayako walked inside the room, oddly enough she wasn't crawling on the ground or doing that menacing \"croaking\" noise that she does like she was trying to scare the younger girl, but instead calmly walked over and stopped right in front of her and sat down. Daisy opened her eyes and saw Kayako right in front her despite the tears still stinging her eyes, they both looked at each other in complete awe with Daisy having a new sense of fascination with Kayako's corpse like appearance while Kayako herself couldn't help but be impressed with the young girl not showing any signs of fear as they looked at each other in the eyes. Daisy finally broke the silence: \"Who are you?\" Daisy asked suddenly, she was starting think that the ghostly woman was like a \"Japanese Rapunzel\" or something do to her unnaturally long hair. Kayako was silent for a moment but managed to answer still surprised at the girl. \"Kayako.\" She replied with a very soft voice in perfect english. Kayako can actually feel the innocence in the Daisy's voice as she spoke, but Kayako had a question of her own much to her confusion: \"What's your name?\" \"Daisy.\" She smiled and looked down at the picture. Kayako took at good look at Daisy's creation and noticed a large man wearing a hockey mask and holding a bloody machete while also holding Daisy's hand in the picture, which made Kayako more confused, she had a feeling that the man wasn't her father. \"Who is that?\" Kayako pointing at that said man, Daisy looked back up at her and smiled even wider since she asked. \"I don't know, but he saved me and Mommy from Daddy last year and he helped her back to our car and we then went home.\" Kayako nods in understanding but then had another question begin to appear in her mind, as she was beginning to also think that the man the picture most likely killed her father. \"So where is your mother?\" But then, tears began to come back to her eyes. \"She… she died… we were in a car and… and… we're here on vacation and… we were hit by another car and-\" But Kayako cut her off by pulling the girl into a warm embrace and began to rub Daisy's back as Daisy herself slowly wrapped her own arms around the Onryō's neck. Kayako couldn't believe what she was doing, normally when her victims are like this she would let it be their problem so they can figure it out on their own, but the fact that she actually found someone who was so young, honest, and gentle but could still actually know what she was going through, it made her feel guilty for bringing that subject up. \"Ssshh… I'm sorry, I didn't know, I shouldn't have asked.\" Kayako's can also feel her old motherly instincts come back to her as she continued to stroke the girl's back. \"I know how you feel.\" She calmly whispers into Daisy's ear. \"This morning I came home and my house was completely destroyed and I couldn't find my son anywhere. I really miss him.\" She said showing how much she knew the pain, at that point, Kayako didn't even recognized herself for saying that, but she also didn't care. Daisy yawned as the tears finally stopped and looked at Kayako with a tired look on her face, the Onryō then gently wiped off the tear marks with her thumbs. They both looked at the hospital bed and Kayako acting what she felt like was on instinct carried Daisy to her bed. As she gently put the American girl down in her rather comfortable bed, Kayako was caught even more off guard at what Daisy asked next. \"Can you stay? I don't like being alone.\" Kayako thought about it for a minute, but then nodded yes while she was getting in the bed with Daisy and pulling the covers over the both of them even though Kayako could have used her long mess of hair as make-shift blanket for them both, but again it didn't matter. \"Don't worry Daisy-chan, after today, I promise to never let you out of my sight.\" She answered lovingly, the Onryō also hated being alone as well when she was alive, but was relieved that she can now just put those old memories behind her. Daisy smiled as she wrapping her arms around Kayako again and rested her head on the woman's chest still smiling at the fact that she made a new friend as she drifted off into sleep, Kayako pulled the girl closer against herself and rubbed her head. Since Kayako was a ghost, sleep was irrelevant, but this new feeling that was now having around the girl so rewarding to her that she didn't want to lose it once. So instead, she closed her own eyes and drifted it off too with the younger girl. Even now in death and without Toshio, Kayako smiled. Okay, I would like to apologize for taking so long to update this story. Don't get me wrong, I really would like to making this the ending of the story, but I know that there will be people asking stuff like: \"How did Kayako's house burned down?\" And \"How can Toshio just simply disappear without a trace? (Minus being a ghost too.)\". I promise to answer those questions in later chapters, but right now I think that I have done more than enough for this particular one. I hope ya'll liked it and I will see you guys next time.[Chapter 3] Kayako's eyes fluttered open to the morning sun shining through the closed window curtains she felt like that she was waking up from what most people would call a \"sweet dream\", she looked around her surroundings to see that she saw that she was still in the hospital making her realize that what happened was completely real. She looked back down and saw the young girl Daisy still sleeping close to her with a smile on her face. Daisy yawned as she opened her eyes and the first thing she notices was Kayako starting to smile at her. \"Good morning.\" Daisy greeted with a smile of her own. \"Good morning.\" Kayako replied, Daisy giggled a little at the onryō which Kayako responded tilting her head slightly. \"What's so funny?\" \"Nothing, it's just well… you look really pretty when you smile.\" Daisy replies. Kayako's eyes widen at that answer with her smile quickly fading away. \"R-Really? You think smiling makes me look pretty?\" Kayako asked in surprise, not sure if she heard the young american correctly. \"Actually, I think you're really pretty either ways. But I really like it when you smile.\" Daisy said still smiling. However, Daisy's smile quickly disappeared when she saw that Kayako wasn't moving an inch and was being completely silent, as if she turned into statue. Daisy began to worry as she then saw tears running down Kayako's cheeks, who then suddenly pulled the young girl in a firm hug, the vengeful spirit was careful not to squeeze Daisy since Kayako had enough strength to crush bones with her bare hands. Daisy then quickly hugged Kayako back thinking that she may have done something wrong. \"Daisy-Chan, that was the nicest thing anybody has ever said to me.\" Kayako said inbetwean sobs, to some people, it was just a simple compliment, a prime example of childhood innocence. But for Kayako, it was a lot more, especially after having people look at her which then resulted in screaming and running away, along with having people ignore her completely when she was alive. \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to make you cry.\" Daisy said feeling guilty and a bit confused. Kayako then begins to rub Daisy's head in very loving manner. \"It's alright Daisy-Chan, I'm only crying because you made me really happy. I'm glad that I met someone like you, even if it was just last night.\" Kayako said smiling again, she then stopped rubbing Daisy's head and wiped the tears away from her face and while looking at Daisy with a look of pure joy, a feeling that Kayako would never thought that she would feel any circumstances without being around Toshio. Daisy still didn't quite understand the whole \"tears of happiness\" concept, but she decided to go along with it anyway. While both girls would have loved to savior the moment, it was ruined when they both heard a knock on the door. \"Daisy? Are you awake? It's me Dr. Kujo.\" The Doctor called out. \"Y-yes sir.\" Daisy stuttered nervously, she was now worried about what will happen of the Doctor and his assistant saw Kayako. Daisy only panic more when she saw the doctor and the nurse (Yuki) step inside the room, they both had surprised looks on their faces when they looked at who was next to Daisy. \"Oh! We weren't expecting any visitors. You're here pretty early Miss.\" Yuki said adjusting her glasses. Daisy was also a bit confused seeing how the paramedics were not afraid of Kayako, she looked up and saw in Kayako's place was a young woman with cream colored skin and black hair that reached just half way done her back, who smiled at the surprised girl and winked at her showing that it was only Kayako in disguise. Daisy knew that she already called the Onryō pretty, but for the young American the best to describe that appearance was \"Beautiful\". While the rather \"alive looking\" ghost could've done something like hide in the shadow of near by corner or just simply turn invisible, she didn't want make Daisy more worried than she already was which was the arguably the best reason to use this tactic. \"Are you here for the adoption\" she asked Kayako who shot back a confused look. \"Adoption?\" She ask still holding Daisy close to her. \"Yes, we checked Daisy's background and found out that she doesn't have any grandparents or any other type of legal guardian in the U.S. for her to go back to, but we didn't want to put Daisy in an orphanage since it will be hard to adjust to after the kind of life she lived.\" Dr. Kujo explained. \"Any more questions?\" \"Actually, yes.\" Kayako began. \"Daisy mentioned about her father to me and that another man \"saved\" Daisy and her mother from him. What kind of a person was he?\" She asked already having a feeling that Daisy's father was not a good man. \"Well, her father was a drug addict who was murdered a year ago at a place known as \"Camp Crystal Lake\", there he shot his own wife in the leg and threatened to take Daisy away, afterwords he then threatened to kill them both until one of the locals decided to save them.\" Kayako's thoughts then quickly rushed back to the man Daisy's picture knowing a little bit of who he was. \"So it's safe to say that he was pretty abusive.\" Kayako looked back at Daisy. \"Is any of this true?\" She asked, the younger hung her head low and nodded yes which caused Kayako to tightly clench her fist at the fact that their is someone like that bastard husband of hers, and the fact that he was threatening to kill Daisy and her mother only to her anger. Even in a human disguise, Kayako still managed to create a look of hatred that would send shivers down the spine of even the world's strongest man (whoever that is). \"Are you alright Miss?\" Yuki asked a bit freaked out at Kayako's reaction. Kayako then (to everyone's relief) quickly calmed down. \"Yes, thank you, and yes, I would like to adopt Daisy.\" She said nonchalantly, Daisy's eyes widen in surprise at answer. \"Really!? You mean I can stay with you!?\" Daisy asked barely keeping any of her excitement to herself. Kayako smiled again at the girl. \"Hai-I mean yes.\" Kayako answered. \"However my house burned down yesterday and I've notice that there is an apartment down the street for us to stay in but I don't have any money for that and food to get.\" \"Don't worry Ma'am, we'll be more then happy to give some money.\" Yuki kind told the vengeful spirit as Daisy began to quickly gather her belongings to leave. \"Ma'am if you and Daisy well come with me into the Lobby that will be great.\" Kayako nodded and held Daisy hand after she grabbed her picture and already still packed suitcase and walk out the door. \"By the way Miss, what is your name?\" Yuki asked out of curiosity. Kayako kept her cool about the situation. \"You can just call me: \"K\", that will be fine.\" She answers being just as polite. Okay so yeah, I know a few Japanese words, only a few. So call me a half-ass, but I have no plans on looking up more word for this story, I'm just going to use what I know like what I did for this chapter. Until next time…[Chapter 4] Kayako and Daisy finally got the apartment after a rather unsurprisingly short walk, thanks to the people from the hospital, they managed to check out a room with the money that was given to them. When the Onryō got inside the room with her recently adopted daughter, Kayako finally changed back into her more corpse like appearance and sat on her new bed, Daisy put her luggage in a corner and hopped on the bed to sit next to Kayako. Daisy once again broke the silence: \"Miss Kayako?\" Daisy asked innocently, not too sure about if she could call her: \"Mommy\" or not. \"Yes Daisy-Chan?\" She asked back at the young american with her own look of curiosity. \"What you are? I don't think you're human. I mean you do look like one, but I still don't think you are one.\" Daisy told Kayako specifically secretly hope that she didn't offend her new mother. But instead Kayako herself sighed, and gave Daisy a more reassuring smile seeing how Daisy looked a bit nervous when she asked, as if Daisy already knew that it was a touchy subject. \"I'm an Onryō, it means: \"Vengeful Spirit\" in your language. I should know.\" Kayako replied coolly, but then her welcoming smile finally disappeared. \"So I used to be human until I died.\" Daisy's eyes went wide slightly at her answer, but she wasn't that surprised since Kayako's appearance kind of gave her a hint. \"So wait, you're a ghost?\" Daisy asked just be sure. \"Hai, and to most people around here, I'm considered the scariest one there is.\" She answered once more, remembering all her victims looking at her complete fear, but then remembered something else that she still found surprising. \"But you don't think that I'm scary looking at all?\" Daisy then gave her own friendly smile in response and shook her head. \"Nope, I really do think you're pretty.\" She answered, then Kayako had sly grin appear on her half covered face. Kayako then moved slightly closer to Daisy's face while still giving enough room to breath. Kayako did her eerie \"croaking\" noise at Daisy with her mouth completely open with wide eyes deciding to really test Daisy's courage. Daisy herself just giggled in response thinking what Kayako was doing was making self look more funny than scary causing Kayako to stop seeing that her plan failed somewhat disappointed. Just then, Daisy had an idea of her own. \"Wait, if you're a ghost…\" Daisy stopped as her eyes wide and a look of pure hope took over her face. \"Then maybe Mommy can come back! I just know that you and her will be great friends!\" Daisy exclaimed with excitement, while Kayako on my the hand had a look of shock which them quickly changed into sadness as she looked down at the floor and said nothing. Daisy's smile slowly vanished and began to worry since it was obvious that something was wrong. \"Daisy, I don't think your mother is coming back.\" Kayako answered, her voice wasn't soft and comforting like when the two first met, instead while it was still very feminine, it was also full of dread, as if that's what would have sound it like. \"What? Why?\" Daisy asked, almost panicking that her theory sounded like it was impossible to happen. Kayako was silent again for a moment until she spoke up again. \"Well… I don't know what kind of spirits you have in America… but I'm different.\" Kayako took her time explaining as Daisy finally had a look of fear. \"I died because my husband killed me, and then my son Toshio. Because of that, I wanted that monster dead. Eventually, I killed him with nothing but my own hair, using it like a rope to hang him.\" Daisy was shocked, the woman who was now her adoptive mother was actually a person who died and then came back as a killer hellbent on vengeance. Daisy was even more surprised to see that tears were streaming down Kayako's face. \"And another reason why I'm like is because the house we lived in was cursed, so we couldn't move on even if we tried, and we tried many times, and they all failed, even when we're no where near the house. The life I lived as a human was never any better, I never had any friends, my family always ignored me, and the man that I actually did love didn't even know that I exist, and I took out of those years of anger and frustration on anybody who came into our house, those were the only time that I ever get any closure.\" Daisy silently stared in shock as the older woman let the tears continue to fall. \"So if you hate me for what I've done, I understand. Just remember, I'm your mother too, and I would never hurt you no matter how angry I am. If anyone deserves better, it's you. I'm just pathetic.\" Kayako said nothing more as she continued to cry, but was quickly caught off guard when she felt two arms wrapped her waist, she looked down to see that Daisy was holding the older woman in a deep hug confusing Kayako once more. Daisy then looked up at her which a soft smile and began to speak again: \"But I could never hate you, you've been really nice to me, and I know that you would never hurt me.\" Kayako was still surprised to see that Daisy was reacting much differently than she expected, but quickly realized that her explanation may caused Daisy to have more sympathy towards her do the way of how she told it. \"Please don't be sad, you'll make cry too.\" Daisy told her sweetly, Kayako then returned the hug and felt her long hair wrap around Daisy almost protectively for a more comfortable embrace. The onryō then wipe the tears from her face and smiled back. \"I couldn't be any more happy now that I have you, my daughter.\" Kayako said with her more human sounding voice finally returning. Later Kayako the helped Daisy unpack to get settled into their new home, since then there was still a few hours before Daisy's bedtime (which Kayako made it to be 10:00), the young girl decides to grab her iPad from her bag and watched cartoons with her adoptive mother.[Chapter 5] Okay I've been doing some thinking, now looking back at this fanfic I feel like that I forced in a lot of emotions into this story and if that's the case then I'm sorry, I know that forcing anything in a story is never a good thing. But if that's not really the case for anyone who is reading this story, that's cool. So other than that, enjoy the story. Kayako woke up once again next to her adopted daughter, still thankful that it's not dream. She decided to let Daisy sleep in since she looked pretty peaceful sleeping, Kayako then sat down in a chair on the other side of the room and began thinking what her and Daisy were going to do today, until an oddly familiar voice spoke up in Japanese snapping her out of thoughts: [You know, you gotten soft ever since you adopted her.] Kayako looked to her left and looked at mirror and saw her own reflection glaring at her almost like that she wanted to kill her, Kayako herself gave the same kind of look as she walked over to the mirror and stopped right infront of it to reply. [What's your point? Are you planning to kill her?] The Kayako outside the mirror asked back in the same language being completely skeptical. [No, I can assure you that I do not plan on killing Daisy.] The reflection replied in the same firm tone. [My point is that you seemed to forgotten that we already had a child, you should focus on finding the one who took our son and our house away, and kill them. If you really value do Daisy's life, you will do it so it won't happen again. After all, it's not like we haven't killed anyone before, or am I going to have to take over?] The real Kayako thought about what her more aggressive side was saying. Together they killed many victims and haunted their every nightmares and became the very reason why very people came over to their house. The real Kayako then looked back at her reflection getting ready to speak once more. [You're right about one thing, I should focus more on whoever took away everything we had. But you're wrong about everything else, I didn't forget about Toshio, and you of people should know that there is never a minute when I'm not thinking about him.] The reflection nods in understanding while not changing her intimidating expression. [You're right as well, I see that now.] She said as the real Onryō continues to show off the same look as the reflection continued to speak: [But I'm not sorry for saying that, and I'm also tempted to take your place.] [I don't care, I will find whoever did it, but I will not kill that person infront of Daisy. And if you do take over, then I want you to stay away from her. She's all that I have left.] The real Kayako finished looking away while her reflection continued to look at her. [I will respect that.] The reflection finished off as Kayako slowed looked back at the mirror seeing her reflection doing the exact same thing showing that she was no longer talking to her darkside, as she kept looking making sure that her more aggressive half really was gone, she saw Daisy waking up rubbing her eyes then turned to see her adoptive mother looking back her with an unreadable expression, Daisy tilted her head to the side with a worried look on her face. \"Are you okay?\" The American girl asked as Kayako looked back at the mirror one last time and still didn't see anything out of the ordinary then turned back to look at Daisy and let out a sigh. \"I'm fine.\" Kayako answered in English slowly switching into her more \"alive looking\" disguise. \"Go ahead and get dressed, and then we'll go get some breakfast.\" She said as Daisy nodded and ran to the bathroom to change, much like sleep Kayako didn't need to eat like she used to, but still could if she wanted to, she just wanted to feed her daughter before they did anything else and decided to go the nearst restaurant for the sake of getting out of the hotel as well. As Kayako waited for her daughter, she continued to think about the conversation that she had with her reflection, that she needs to take care of whoever caused her home to be destroyed and son to disappear if Daisy was to be safe. She began to believe that it was done by someone know must've had a grudge against her (No pun intended) ,there were occasions where Kayako's victims actually did escape (herself, her family, the house, the curse, etc…) and was never seen again, the only real question she had was who? Those who escaped would normally do stuff like move out of the country, commit suicide, or get locked in a mental hospital, which would be the last Kayako would ever hear from them, they would do just about anything to stay away from the house and its inhabitants. So why would they or anyone else who has heard about it would even think about going near the house more or least to face Toshio just baffles Kayako who was now really desperate for answers with transformation finally done. \"I'm ready now.\" Daisy called out wearing some blue jeans and a pink hoodie still concerned about what could be bothering her adoptive mother so much, but she had a feeling that she will find out soon enough so she chose to not ask, but still had another question in mind: \"Ms. Kayako?\" She asking walking to the door. \"Yes my child?\" Kayako asked back with an equal sense of curiosity. \"What does \"Chan\" mean?\" Daisy asked innocently again. Kayako sighed with a relieved smile thankful that it wasn't a question that was too serious like how she was killed or something of that nature. \"Well, it depends on how you use it. I call you \"chan\" because I see you as a friend.\" Kayako answered simply, Daisy was very surprised but at the same time very happy since Kayako already told her that she never had any friends growing up so she smiled as they left their room.[Chapter 6] Over at a nearby restaurant, Kayako and Daisy were sitting at a table where Daisy was eating a breakfast platter called: the \"American Special\" (just a plate of pancakes, eggs, and bacon), while Kayako just sat in her own seat across from Daisy thinking about what her dark side told her back at the apartment and begins to wonder how exactly was she going to find whoever caused her so much pain before she adopted the young girl in front of her. All she knew was that who ever destroyed her house had a serious death wish thinking he or she could get away with taking everything Kayako had left after she died, she could almost feel her more agressive side taking over already thinking about how painful the person's punishment will be when they see her. But her biggest concern was Daisy, worried both about what will happen to her if the person finds out about and that if she is not careful, her dark side could end killing her adoptive daughter instead which would be adding salt to an open wound since she already lost Toshio. Daisy then finished her rather big meal and looked at the Onryō with concern as she was lost in thought. \"Ms. Kayako? Is something wrong?\" She asked. Kayako then turned her attention to her daughter kind of relieved to be stirred out of her thoughts. \"I'm fine Daisy-Chan, I just have a lot of stuff on my mind right now.\" She answered simply, she just couldn't help but feel loved on how Daisy is worried about her and how she wouldn't hate Kayako even after learning about who is and what she did. \"Okay.\" Daisy began slowly. \"I've actually been doing some thinking too.\" This surprised Kayako and then began asking herself what could Daisy possibly be thinking about at that moment. \"Really? About what exactly?\" Kayako asked raising a eyebrow slightly getting even more curious. \"Well, since you lost your home, I was thinking maybe we could vist she what's left of it and I could put some flowers on there.\" Daisy explained, for someone her age she can be really mature sometimes. \"Flowers?\" Kayako asked confused. \"Back home, we put flowers on someone's grave when we lose them to show that we miss them, I thought that your son would like that.\" She confirmed. The wrathful spirit smiled as she really liked the idea and nod in understanding. \"Yes, he would like that.\" She then looked at Daisy's plate and saw that it was empty. \"And since you're done, let's go get some flowers, then we can stop by what's left of my old home.\" An hour later after purchasing some white roses, Kayako walked over to the spot with Daisy to where her house used be and saw that the burned furniture and debris still in place, showing that even with the house gone no one dared to go near that exact spot despite the yellow police tape still there to keep trespassers out, Daisy then walked over into the center with the roses in her hand showing once how useless the tape really was, she then gently placed the bouquet of roses on the ground and stood there in silence to add to her respectful gesture. Kayako wiped away some tears that appeared on her face as she was truly looking at the most pure hearted person that she has ever met. But when she looked around again and noticed something in on the blackened couch and walked over to see what it was, she saw that it was a note written in Japanese and began to read it with a serious look on her face. It said: [Now we are even, but I had a feeling that you would come back here so I left this. I'm sure you want answers as well, and I will give them to you when you see me. The address of where I am is on the back, I will be waiting for you.] Kayako felt pure rage building up inside her once more when she finished reading, she tightly clenched the piece of paper as she going to make the writer suffer for everything he or she did to her. Daisy noticed once again her mother's aggression inside her and was going to say something until Kayako let out a sigh as she looked at the note a second time more confused than ever, just who would try to get even with her? Especially since Kayako already dismissed it as somebody who might have actually escaped the curse seeing how you have have to be a special kind of stupid to risk going through it again along with trying to make Kayako more miserable than when she was alive. Not wanting to waste anymore time around what was left of the house and Daisy being done with paying her respects, they walked back to apartment. A few hours later after they made it back, it was around midnight and Kayako was fi all ready to confront whoever took away her home and son with the letter/address still in her hand. However, Kayako was dealing with another problem, she looked back at Daisy who was sleeping peacefully in her bed. With all that has happened, she has very mixed feeling about what she was going to do, if she was finally going to meet the person who caused her some much pain she would have to do it alone, leaving Daisy in the apartment, even though her absence is what led to the house being burned down and Toshio's disappearance. Tears begin to roll down Kayako's face once more, as she saw no other alternatives, she didn't have any way of contacting Dr. Kujo, (his assistant) Yuki, or anyone else to watch Daisy, and she had a feeling that the paramedics were probably busy at the hospital any way. Keeping Daisy at the apartment was the only thing that will keep her safe. \"Be safe.\" Kayako whispers to Daisy and kiss her forehead, then walks out the door looking back at her adoptive daughter, just praying that nothing will happen while was away. Whipping away her tears Kayako walked out closing the door gently behind her. However, Daisy was only pretending to sleep, she opened one eye to see her adoptive mother is gone, then climbed out of her bed and made her way to the door. While Daisy would understand what's going on, she completely worried about what would happen to Kayako instead, almost getting the sense that she was walking into a trap. She opened the door slightly to see the wrathful spirit only few feet away without being in her living disguise walking down the hallway. Wasting no time, Daisy slowly and quietly begin to follow Kayako without her even noticing, ready to see where they written address was actually taking the both of them to. Hey it's The Kill Boss, I can't believe how much attention that this story is getting, which has actually been more views than this story's predecessor, which I am happy to say, you guys rule! but sadly, this story is getting close to the end, while I'm now considering writing an epilogue, the next chapter will probably be the last one, which is quite fitting since that's supposed when Kayako (and most likely you guys) finally get the answers she's been looking for and find out what happened to Toshio. Still, reviews are always welcomed, and you will see both Daisy and Kayako in the next chapter. Until Next Time…[Chapter 7] Well, I still don't think of what to put for a good epilogue. So I'm just going end this story as a whole, right here, right now. Enjoy… After a long walk, Kayako walked up to what looked like an abandon school, she saw some arrows painted towards to the front door which she knew that she might be lured into a trap. Seeing no other alternative, she followed the arrows inside and worked her way up the stairs to the third and final floor without noticing that her adoptive daughter was still following her, even after stoping to rest a few times. Kayako finally made it to the last arrow which pointed to an open door where she saw a tall but young Japanese man in a rather formal looking black suit with his arms crossing looking out the widow in front of him watching the lightning flash across the night sky. \"I've been expecting you.\" He said in plain english while still looking out the window. Kayako, slowly walked behind him while Daisy stayed behind the door hiding from the both of them, curious about what will happen next. The man then turned around and looked at Kayako. \"Since you read my note, you finally decided to come here and get the answers you seek.\" He spoke nonchalantly, Kayako glared at him with pure hatred as he reminded her of husband and the fact that he was the one who took everything away from her. \"I still don't understand what do you mean by \"even\". Did I kill someone you cared about? It's the only other solution I can think of.\" She asked with an annoyed and curious tone in her voice. \"Actually, yes. It was my sister: Riyoko, the only family that I had. Despite having both of our parents die at a young age, we lived a good life, I have grown to have a well paying job and a nice car, while she partied and flirted with a few boys here and there, she was just having a little fun that's all. She wasn't perfect, but like I said, she was family and that was enough for me.\" Kayako just wanted to know what this young man do to her son. Although she did admit that the name Riyoko did sound familiar, and now finally knows why he did it, but that only angered her even more. \"But then you came along. You see, three months ago I learned that she was out drinking with some friends and they have seemed stumble across your house which is where all free of there bodies were found. After doing some research, I also found out that your Takeo was exercised from your house, So I waited patiently across the street for you to leave the house to chase the intruder that I paid to go inside your house and did the exact same ritual to your son after you left. He put up a good fight, I will give you that, but it wasn't enough. After that, I grabbed all of the gasoline that I get and covered almost the whole inside of the house and lit a match finishing the job. It is as the Americans would say: An eye for an eye.\" He finished sounding proud of himself. Daisy just stood there in shock of all this. Kayako tightly clenched her fist, as her talorance completely disapeared after the explanation. \"Baka, we are far from even. You just told me that your life was great while mine was horrorible even before I died.\" She said raising her voice. \"And I remember Riyoko, that drunk whore you call a sister, she started having sex with that one boy out of the three as soon as they got inside while the other girl went to look for a snack.\" She stopped for a moment remebering how she killed all three of them one by one, but then continued to speak. \"Toshio was just a boy, he nevered deserved to die or be forced out of his own home. People have always accused me for killing innocents. But you, you are just begging for me to punish you for what you did, and for that I will, right now.\" The Onryō practically pounced towards the young man who just smiled and moved out of the way then grabbed both sides of Kayako's head and pulled it down while kneeing her in the stomach, then punched her in the face causing her to stumble back surprised looking at him with wide eyes. *Chuckles* \"Baka, did you honestly think that I wouldn't have come prepared?\" He began with the sinister looking grin on his face. \"I took self defense classes before I put my plan into action.\" He said sitting down in a nearby chair. \"You see, the reason why you managed to kill so many people is because they were afraid of you. But I on the other hand, fear no one.\" He was about to get out of his seat, until a surprised look came across his face but then shifted back to his unsettling smile. \"How rude of me, I didn't even introduce myself, but you can just simply call me: Tenshi.\" He finished finally getting out of his chair. \"Tenshi, as in Angel?\" Kayako asked raising an eyebrow. \"Hai.\" He confirmed going into a boxing stance. \"Go on, try again. If I can touch you, then I can hurt you.\" Kayako growled, Tenshi's arrogant nature was beginning to annoy her, so she disapeared into a cloud of black smoke and reappeared behind the young man only to be greeted with a roundhouse kick to the face knocking her to the ground. \"I also had a feeling you would do that.\" He said stomping on Kayako's face. \"When this is over, I will be praised as a hero and you be nothing more than a bad memory.\" Daisy watched in absolute horror watching her mother getting beaten to death, she looked around trying to think of something and noticed an empty paint can. She grabbed and threw it with all her might at Tenshi hitting his side. This caused him to turn his attention to the doorway seeing Daisy. \"Nani!? Who are you!? And how did you get here!?\" He shouted. Being caught off guard, Kayako grabbed his ankle and got back up on her feet causing Tenshi to fall on his back. With one swing, Kayako threw him across the room hitting the wall, which almost destroyed his back entirely. Slowly getting back up, she saw something different about Kayako, something was completely off, her darkside, the one she was talking to in the mirror had finally taken over. Tenshi then ran towards the wrathful spirit for another quick punch to the face, but this time she the one who dodged it then tightly grabbed Tenshi by his neck and lifted him off the ground and looked in him in the eye and said in her native tounge: [Tell your sister I said hello.] she then threw the young man out the window as soon another lightning strike lit up the sky. After calming down a little bit, she turned to her attention to the young American and slowly walked over to her. Daisy backward away until she was against the wall behind looking up at Kayako's deadly glare. \"You shouldn't come here, I left you back at the apartment so you can stay safe.\" She explained in english. Daisy looked down thinking that this was truly the end for her until she felt Kayako's arms even hair gently wrap around her. \"But, you did save me, and I hated that I left you there in the first place, so you are not in trouble.\" Kayako then let go and walked over to the (now broken) widow, looking down to see Tenshi's lifeless body impaled by a flag pole, leaving Kayako feeling satisfied. She looked back at Daisy who was more relaxed now. \"As I said before: I would never hurt you no matter how angry I get.\" Daisy nodded her head remembering that. \"Can we go back now?\" She asked innocently, Kayako simply nodded and walked back over to Daisy and held her hand. \"Yes, let's go.\" Kayako said as they made their long trip back to the apartment and put what just happened behind them. Kayako smiled, knowing that wherever Toshio was in the after life, he can now rest easily. And that is it, thank you reading my story and I hope you guys really did enjoy it, and I person am proud of how this story turned out. Also, I looked back on earlier pages if this story and I have made a few mistakes like when Dr. Kujo came to check on both Daisy and her mother, because I was going to put them in the same room until I decided to change it to just Daisy being there for anyone who was confused. And I know I said that I wouldn't look up any more Japanese words, but I had to give the Antagonist a name (so your welcome). Just wanted to point those out. Until Next Time… ","Summary":" I own nothing except the two familiar OC's (from Jason's Redemption) along with some new ones and t"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"Trouble Is A Friend","Author":"The Wriiter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8884482","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So I saw \"Django\" and I loved it. Quentin's amazing. I hated Calvin, but his character was so well written and acted by Leo. I was watching it and thought up a storyline if Calvin had a wife [what would that be like?] that was against slavery and she helped Django and King. So here's the first chapter. There's language that was in the movie that I do not approve of, and I am only using it because of the film's language. Other than that, please review and let me know how you like it! Thanks! ONE \"Gwen! Gwen, let Stephen or one of the girls do that. Get ready, darlin'. Now you're gonna to be late for Calvin. He's almost ready. You know how he is when you're late.\" I bit my lip in frustration, rolling my eyes when I heard the annoying voice of my sister-in-law behind me. I wiped the table clean one more time with the rag from the kitchen, then reached over and grabbed the two champagne glasses off the cherry hardwood table. I swirled around to face my husband's sister, the forty-something Southern belle who's light brown hair was twirled fancily and her bright pink dress overwhelming. Her smile was faked and forced like always, the age lines and wrinkles proving me right. I gave an obviously fake smile back, \"Unlike you Lara, I can clean up after myself.\" I pushed past her, \"Calvin can wait.\" Her face fell and she looked annoyed. I gave her a smug, fake smile. \"Racist bitch.\" I muttered under my breath as I went into the kitchen. I began walking into the kitchen were the girls were working, preparing Lara's dinner for her and her friends that she was going to have over the plantation while Calvin and I were at the Cleopatra Club. \"Hello, Madame Candie. The dinner will be ready for Miss Candie-Fitzwilly and her guests real soon, I swear.\" Cora greeted me, mixing a bowl of God knows what hastily, much like the rest of the girls in the kitchen. As always, they looked focused, anxious, and nervous. I smiled at her, and patted her shoulder, \"Cora, it's okay. Calvin's upstairs.\" Cora gave me a small smile of gratitude. Since the arranged marriage of Calvin J. Candie and I, I felt like I was the only sane person in the household. He was almost nine years older than myself. When I was at the age of twenty, I had married Calvin. I was born and raised in the North, my family poverty-stricken, living in Boston, Massachusetts. I had no accent, which made Calvin—who's accent was really thick—and I an odd couple. My father knew Calvin's father, but had died when I was about fourteen. My mother had arranged the marriage to the wealthy plantation owner in order to ensure that I'd be a wealthy girl. I was quite literally forced into the marriage. I was never given the option of marrying anyone else, and believe me I would rather be with anyone else. Gwendolyn Candie. Didn't really roll off the tongue. I didn't believe in slavery. I hated it. To harm or to sell or to whip or kill a human being just because of their skin color was despicable. I simply wasn't raised to believe that blacks were lower than myself. Calvin knew this, and was repulsed and scolded me irritadedly if I was friendly or didn't punish the slaves he kept on the plantation. Calvin was so erratic and unpredictable, and not to mention violent, that it was challenging being married to him. Calvin was an asshole. We had a turbulent love-hate relationship. He never apologized for anything. He always pretended that he didn't know he was the reason why I cried when I did. He never was hesitant to hit me. He didn't do it that often, and he swore he never really hurt me, and he claimed he didn't want to. Yet, the beatings always showed bruises on my back or on my arms, and occasionally if he was really mad at me, a bloody nose. He only did it as punishment, when I'd say something about the slaves that he disagreed with or if one of the slaves did something that he thought deserved punishment and I didn't give one. Occasionally if we would get in a fight, he would lose his temper—and it wasn't hard for him to lose—and he'd swing. Our marriage was turbulent, and we were opposites. In spite of that, he loved me. And deep down, a little bit of me loved him, too. Just not the horrific things he did. He was a friend and a foe at the same time. He was in my heart, but sometimes I just wanted to reach in and rip him right the hell out. I hated having his hillbilly sister in the house. She lived with us after her husband died. Lara and I saw things totally differently, and I found her repulsive and troublesome. She didn't like me married to her little brother, and that I was a slut that wasn't worth his time. She had said on a variety of different occasions that Calvin needed a pretty Southern belle to make him happy, but Calvin would insist that I was what he wanted. She'd even arranged different friends of hers for him to be with, but he rejected her. We could not stand each other, and everyone on the Candie plantation—Candieland, as Calvin obnoxiously named it—knew it. I raked a hand in my pale blond hair and stood against the counter next to Cora, leaning against it. \"Do you need help making anything?\" I asked, looking at her. I knew Calvin would be infuriated if I helped the kitchen girls—he'd yelled at me before—but I wasn't really caring what he thought in the moment. Cora stopped stirring and was about to say something when the door of the kitchen flew open with a bang. \" Hey !\" Stephen's frightening voice bellowed as he entered the kitchen, \"You girls get the fuck back to work!\" The girls instantly went back to work, and Cora buried her face in the bowl she was mixing, avoiding all eye contact with Stephen and I. Stephen scared everyone, including myself. I couldn't stand him—just like the majority of the plantation—and always jumped out of my skin when he yelled. He was Calvin's favorite, and they always joked around and confided in each other. I glared at him, \"Stephen, I was talking to Cora.\" \"Calvin wants ya upstairs.\" Stephen said, feebly walking into the kitchen. He was tall, taller than myself, and old. Stephen walked with a cane and wobbled when he sauntered around. He swore constantly, and was the head slave in the house, but seemed more like a good friend of Calvin's. Before I could reply, I heard a loud yell from upstairs. \" NOW WHERE IS MY BEAUTIFUL WIFE ?\" Calvin's scream was so loud, the whole plantation heard it. His thick Southern accent hit my eardrums, and instantly I knew I better get upstairs to get ready. Going out with Calvin and hanging off his arm had its fun, but I was often humiliated and annoyed at him for what he said or what he did. Whether it was saying the word nigger all the time or discussing the plantation and his slaves, he always managed to humiliate me with the language he used. I rushed past Stephen who gruffly muttered \"told ya so\" as I exited the kitchen, flinging the door behind me. I walked out into the massive foyer and upstairs, my bare feet quickly climbing up the stairs. I raced across the hallway of the upstairs, which had more rooms than I could count, until I stopped at me and Calvin's bedroom. I opened the door. I quickly stood in front of the oval mirror near the massive bed and began stripping, taking off my dress until I was in my underwear and bra. I sprinted to the closet, savagely rummaging in it to find the dress I was going to wear to the Cleopatra Club tonight. I grabbed a dark green, low-cut dress out of the closet and slammed the closet shut, walking back over to the oval mirror. Our bedroom was beautiful and lovely, and cozy, with a massive bed and window looking out to the plantation. The window was open and the candle holder held about five candles that were lit, dancing in the summer night. The night was thick with heat, the humidity high in the Mississippi summer. \"Darling, you goin' like that tonight?\" I looked up at the mirror to see Calvin by the door, smiling deviantly at my reflection, blowing out rings of smoke, holding his long white cigarette holder in his hand. He eyed my almost naked body up and down, a grin curling on his lips. \"I think I'd be the most envied man in the Club if ya did.\" He walked to me and stood behind me. He was taller than me by at least seven inches, so he leaned down a little and kissed my cheek. I smiled a little, \"You know I'm not.\" I was leaning into him and pressing my head to his chest affectionately. \"You weren't helpin' those niggers in the kitchen, were you?\" He asked icily, kissing my ear. I swallowed hard, and shook my head no. He smirked and said, \"Good, good.\" He smelt like smoke, cologne and whiskey, and I loved that smell. I turned my head and looked up at Calvin, and he pressed his lips to mine. He snaked his arms around my bare hips, hooking his thumbs around the tips of my underwear. His cigarette hung out of his mouth. He pulled at my underwear teasingly, looking down at me in the mirror, his reflection studying mine. His fingers disappeared under the lining. I squirmed a little. \"Calvin, stop.\" I murmured, breaking out of his arms and breaking out of the kiss. I would be lying if I said I wasn't afraid of him. I was, and he knew I was. Being married to Calvin Candie was like walking on broken glass your whole life. One misstep and you're in deep shit. Really deep shit. His blue eyes looked irritated. He wasn't teasing anymore, and he rolled his eyes at me as I put on my dress. I looked in the mirror and tossed my hair around until the blond hair was flowing past my breasts in waves. I straightened up in the mirror, and bit my lip when I noticed the bruise from Calvin on my arm from a few nights ago. I noted mentally I'd have to cover it up before we left the plantation for the Cleopatra Club. \"Aw, Gwen. I can't give my wife a little bit a love?\" He said in my ear, blowing rings of smoke out. \"Not tonight.\" I replied, giving him an annoyed glance. He narrowed his eyes at me, but his small smile didn't disappear. I knew that look of annoyance. \"Fine. Get your fancy lil' ass movin', sweetheart. We're gonna be late.\" He said, irritated, giving me a quick smack on my behind. I jumped a little, and watched him as he walked out of the bedroom and out to the foyer, hearing his footsteps clunk down the staircase. I sighed a sigh of relief once he left the room. I was married to the Master of the house. And a monster.[Chapter 2] Thank you so much for the lovely reviews for chapter one! I hope you readers like Gwen, and for that matter, Gwen and Calvin's relationship. Let me know if I'm keeping Calvin in character. Reviews would be fantastic! TWO Cora made the finishing touches to my dress, the inner corset's strings laced up neatly and tightly. I gasped for breath, fanning myself. It was bad enough that Mississippi summer nights were around eighty-five degrees, never mind wearing a corset that doesn't let you breath enough. A few of the girls were helping me get ready while Calvin waited downstairs. I looked in the mirror near me and Calvin's bed. I wore a dark green Southern dress that had a shallow cut at the top, with a necklace that was a wedding gift from Calvin. My hair fell on my breasts in waves. I grimaced at the reflection, hoping I didn't look like Lara, because I sure as hell felt like her. Cora watched me as I looked at myself in the mirror, and I looked up at her, feeling really self-conscious. \"Do I look bad? Please be brutal.\" I said, biting my lip. She shook her head, giving me a small, knowing smile, \"You look real beautiful, Mrs. Candie.\" We both stopped when we heard Calvin scream from downstairs, \" LET'S GO, DARLIN' !\" \"Thank you so much for everything, Cora. You're always a wonderful help, really.\" I said sincerely, giving her a warm glance. \"Yes, ma'am.\" Cora replied, bowing her head a little. She exited the room and I heard her walk down the stairs. I wished she would call me Gwen, but Calvin would never allow that. Cora, like the rest of the slaves on the plantation, knew I wasn't like Calvin. They knew I was his opposite, and I got the feeling they wondered why I was there or why I was married to the thirty-three-year-old assshole of a plantation owner. Did they talk about us? About the fights we had? Did ya hear how Monsieur Candie wants a baby, but Madame don't think she's ready ? Madame Candie hates Mrs. Candie-Fitzwilly. Did ya'll hear the bickering? Monsieur and Madame Candie were havin' sex like wild animals last night. Did ya hear it? There was plenty to gossip about. Standing next to each other, Calvin and I looked like a perfectly matched couple, but our inner selves clashed. I was the Northern girl with no accent who had quite literally no money to her name, and he was the Southern boy with a really thick Mississippi accent with more wealth than I knew. Calvin and I clashed on more than just slavery, even though that was the biggest thing we clashed on. We clashed about whether or not to have Lara live at the plantation—I said I wanted her out, Calvin said she was family—we clashed about whether to have a baby or not—Calvin wanted a little one, but I didn't want one that would live, be born and raised in a violent place like Candieland—and so on. Eventually I would pressure Calvin to get Lara out, just like he eventually would pressure me into getting pregnant and having a baby with him. Until then, the two of us were stubborn, and we butted heads more often than not. I really did love him, but it was like loving Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. For a minute he'd be funny and sweet, and pretty loving. The next, Calvin didn't hesitate to scream or hit. I saw more Dr. Jekyll than Mr. Hyde, thank God, because, in truth, Calvin frightened me beyond belief sometimes. I was a sucker for his charm. He had this confidence about him that I seriously found difficult to avoid. He was like a disease, take it from me. He was charismatic, and this charm he would use usually left me dumbfounded. I would be so infuriated with him, and he would look at me a certain way, take a drag from his cigarette, blow out a ring of smoke, and give this charming, yet smug smile. He would charm his way out of it, and I was always left feeling shocked. He was like a snake, and he knew how smooth he was. He used it to his advantage. I hated the way he made me feel. I gave an ugly, disapproving look at my reflection, figuring it had to do for tonight, and that if Calvin didn't like it, he could put up or shut up. I quickly grabbed my hand purse off the bed and ran for the door. I walked out of the bedroom and to the hallway. The house smelt like firewood and freshly cut grass, and I could hear the crickets chirping in the summer night. I looked out to the front foyer, where Calvin stood there with Lara, with Stephen and Cora off to the side. Lara had on her fake smile again, but was no doubtfully bad talking me to Calvin before I came out of our bedroom. I didn't know why she even bothered faking the smile anymore. Everyone—including the two of us—knew we didn't like each other. \"Jesus, darlin'!\" Calvin exclaimed, sauntering to the last step on the staircase to greet me, \"My God. I've never seen ya look so goddamn beautiful.\" I felt my lips tug into a smile, geniunely happy he approved. Calvin was a monster—a cold-blooded, heartless bastard—but every woman wants their husband to look at them like that at one point in life or another. Calvin wore a dark, blood red smoking jacket with a white collared shirt, deep red tie and a red and gold vest underneath. He looked arrogant, high class and like the wealthy bastard he was when he wore it, but I'd be lying if I said he didn't look handsome. He bowed a little bit to me, with his charm on. Calvin reached for my hand, gently taking it in his, and kissed it, smirking up at me with that charming glance. He let go of my hand, and reached his arm out for me to take. I put my arm around his, glancing at him hesitantly. He took me by the arm and kissed my cheek, and I could smell his scent of cologne, whiskey and cigarette smoke. Calvin seemed like he was in a much brighter, better mood than he was previously upstairs, and I tried to soak it in before he became irritated again. \"Look at her, ain't she beautiful?\" Calvin bragged, walking with me to the open door, the carriage waiting for us out by the front gates of the plantation. Lara gave me an annoyed, irritated glance, but her slightly wrinkled mouth twitched into a smile. She scoffed a bit and pursed her lips; she was able to choke out of her mouth, \"Oh Calvin, she looks gorgeous, a'right.\" \"Oh ya, Calvin, she beautiful, ain't she?\" Stephen agreed enthusiastically, nodding his head in approval, \"Look at 'er!\" I knew him and Lara didn't mean what they said. Not that I cared what they thought, but I knew the two of them couldn't stand me. They both kissed Calvin's ass, and they would say anything to please him. Stephen worshiped the ground Calvin strutted on—and Calvin did strut—and Lara felt possessiveness over him, I was pretty positive. She wanted the best for him, and she bluntly told me that I wasn't it. \"Cora's the one who helped me get ready,\" I said to Calvin, \"So all thanks should go to her.\" Cora looked embarrassed to have the spotlight on her, but she smiled a little and gave a little bow to me in silent thanks. I gladly smiled back. Lara glared at me, giving a scoff at me and giving me a once-over. Calvin looked at me, arching his eyebrow and cocking his head a little bit, silently questioning me as to why I was thanking a slave. It was the elephant in the room, that I was the awkward Northerner who \"didn't know her goddamn place on this plantation\", as Lara had bluntly once put it to Calvin. Calvin smiled a little and with his eyebrow still arched, with the same mocking, quizzical look on his face, and looked at Cora. \"Thank ya Cora, for makin' my wife look so beautiful.\" He nodded to her uncertainly. It didn't sound genuine, which I knew of course it wasn't. It sounded like he literally forced himself to spit it out. I sighed and Calvin straightened up, looking at me. He cleared his throat. \"Now, if ya'll will excuse us, Gwen and I will make our way to the Cleopatra Club. Come on, darling.\" Calvin said, taking me and walking out the front door into the hot summer night. We made our way to the carriage, and Calvin gave me his hand to help me in. I accepted, slipping my hand in his, and sitting up in the carriage and waited for Calvin to come in. He came in right after me. \"Go.\" He snapped to the carriage driver, and instantly, we were in motion, riding down the narrow dirt road lined with cotton fields, leaving the Candie plantation in the distance with each creak of the carriage's wheels. Calvin took a deep, long drag from his cigarette, holding it in his long white cigarette holder. He blew out rings of smoke in the twilight air, then cleared his throat. \"Sweetheart, why do ya always do that?\" He said, looking at me, \"Givin' them niggers somethin' to be proud of?\" \" Calvin .\" I sighed exasperatedly, \"Stop it. And stop using that word. It's a terrible thing to say. You know it's degrading.\" He glared at me, raising his voice, \"Well what the fuck do ya expect me to call 'em?\" \"Not a nigger !\" I snapped at him, \"I don't want my husband using words like that. Just for tonight, Calvin, for God's sakes! Don't use that word. It's degrading, ruthless and inhumane. Cut the shit. And I give Cora credit because she helps me out, much like the rest of the slaves working on your plantation.\" I sat upwards, leaving him leaning back. I knew he rolled his eyes, I could feel it. He raised his eyebrows at me, \"Jesus, fine! Fine. You and your fancy Northern ways. Look, I really don't wanna fight tonight. I just wanna spend time with my lovely wife, a'right? No fightin', just a night were we're civil.\" He put his hand on my back and rubbed it gently, attempting to get me in a better mood, to apologize without actually apologizing. He leaned up and kissed my ear, and I felt myself loosen up a little. Without realizing, I felt my lips tug at a smile. He always gave me feelings I didn't want to fight, and if I did try to fight them, I'd lose. I didn't know how he did that, but he did. His arm reached around my hips and brought me into him. I sighed and looked at him, then down to my hands that were in my lap. I twirled my wedding ring around my finger. \"Come now, sweetheart.\" He murmured in my ear, his Southern drawl smooth, and kissed my cheek. \"Gwen, I mean it.\" I let my guard down and leaned into him, putting my head in the crook of his neck, and said, \"You're right.\" \"Good.\" He exclaimed, and pressed his lips to mine, putting his arm around me. I leaned back, resting against him. We were going to the Cleopatra Club, and if I had to watch or witness a Mandingo fight, I was going to be mad. The first time I had witnessed the fights of slaves that Calvin betted on, it was four years ago, when we had first gotten married. It had disturbed me so much that I had sobbed, and hadn't spoken to Calvin for three weeks. I hated the Cleopatra Club, and never knew what was going to happen. Calvin pressed his lips to my forehead. Little did I know who we were going to meet tonight, and the chaos and trouble that would soon unravel.[Chapter 3] Thank you so, so much for the reviews! I'm so happy that the response to Calvin and Gwen's relationship is positive. I'm trying to make this a bit longer, so I'm just explaining things that happen between the two of them. King & Django will be in the next chapter, but the main focus with continue to be Gwen and Calvin. Please review, they inspire me! Thanks! THREE I bit my lip as the carriage pulled up to the city apartment Calvin owned, the Cleopatra Club. It was beautiful, with white stone exterior with plants decorating the outside, ivy clinging to the doorway. Black gates were opened for us at the front, and a cobblestone walkway led to the front doors, which had a statues of Cleopatra on either side. I glanced up at the Club once the carriage stopped, pushing a strand of blond hair behind my ear. I didn't really want to go to the Cleopatra Club, and I knew Mandingo fights were all that were on Calvin's mind. He flashed me a crooked grin, getting out of the carriage first and offering his hand to help me out. I put my hand in his and got out of the carriage, linking my arm with his and hanging off of him. We began walking to the Club, and I inhaled deeply, prepping myself for the horrors that lay inside. Calvin would put on a show for his friends and associates, like he always did. He always put on this act that we had this blissful, happy marriage. We did, only occasionally. His friends clearly believed his act, because I felt the jealousy when they looked at Calvin. Wealthy man, massive plantation, pretty wife. Little did his friends know that we had fights, we bickered. Calvin and I had an active, lively sex life—but it really wasn't always so gentle. It occasionally happened after the fights we had, rushed and in the moment; it would be aggressive and violent. In those times, I felt like I didn't hate anyone more than Calvin Candie. Then, there was times where he was gentle and intimate, and at those times, I didn't love anyone more than him. We arrived inside the front foyer, greeted by one of Calvin's slaves at the Cleopatra Club, Coco. She was clad in a French maid uniform. She was a pretty girl, sweet and had a thick Southern accent. She curtsied a bit to the two of us, and she said politely and sweetly, \"Good evenin', Monsieur and Madame Candie.\" Calvin's obsession with French culture never made sense to me. He was an American Southerner, born and raised, but he insisted that the two of us be addressed as Monsieur and Madame Candie . I didn't understand his logic, so I never asked. I nodded to her and gave her a small smile, and Coco left to get Calvin's lawyer and friend, Leo Moguy. Once the two of us were alone in the fancy, massive foyer, I ran a hand in my hair, stressed. Calvin grabbed my hand and set it down beside me. \"Stop fidgetin'. You look beautiful, darlin'.\" Calvin soothed, \"And try to be nice to Leo and Butch, a'right? Now I know ya don't like 'em, but Gwen, just try to be nice.\" I shot him at look in reply, and he raised his cigarette to his lips and took a drag, afterwards blowing out smoke. He looked at me, puzzled, \"What?\" \"Calvin...you aren't betting on Mandingos tonight, are you?\"I asked, glancing up at him worriedly. He looked at me indifferently, but before he could say anything, Coco and Leo came waltzing in. Leo grinned at Calvin, grabbing his shoulder and shaking his hand with a manly, firm grip. Calvin grinned back and did the same, slapping him on the back. \"Leo, you goddamn bastard. How ya been?\" Calvin exclaimed happily, blowing out a cloud of smoke. Leo, his lawyer, was just as annoying and repulsive in personality as the rest of Calvin's friends and family. He, like the rest of the people I knew in the South, gave off the feeling that he didn't think Calvin should have married me. He knew my beliefs, and he and I always had an awkward relationship. At me and Calvin's wedding, he'd gotten so drunk that he had slung an arm around Calvin and exclaimed how I was a nigger-loving whore. He was Calvin's sleazy and shady friend, and that's all I saw him as and that's all he ever would be. \"Good, Calvin, good. I see you brought the missus.\" Leo said politely, taking off his hat and bowing a bit to me, \"Lovely to see ya again, Gwen.\" I smiled a little and shifted uncomfortably next to Calvin, but choked out, \"Always nice to see you, Leo.\" \"Now you folks better come on upstairs to join us, ya hear?\" Leo said, nodding to Calvin, and winked. Calvin nodded knowingly in response with a small grin, \"We'll be up after dinner. Save some of that whiskey for me, ya son-of-a-bitch.\" Leo chuckled and nodded, bidding Calvin and I goodbye until after dinner. I looked at Calvin suspiciously as Leo made his way up the staircase, disappearing up to the second floor. I didn't want to ruin the night, and it seemed like Calvin was pretty happy. Calvin looked back at me, \"Ya ready for dinner, Gwen?\" I gave him a genuine smile and sighed, \"Yeah. Let's go.\" After a few minutes we were seated in the restaurant section at the Cleopatra Club. Calvin was so showy, strutting in with an air of arrogance, like he usually did. I hung off his arm and played the role he wanted me to play. The pretty little wife who had no opinions, the young wife that agreed with everything her husband said. We were seated, and Calvin lit his cigarette, taking a drag while the tip's embers burned as he did so. He released it and blew out a long streak of smoke, tapping the cigarette's ash onto one of the small appetizer plates with his index finger. Calvin ordered champagne for me and burbon for himself, and like always, it was on the house. Being married to Calvin Candie was weird for me during our first few months of being newlyweds. I wasn't used to being catered to and waited on hand and foot. I wasn't used to wearing expensive clothes, and wearing jewelry that back in Boston I'd have to prostitute myself for. Calvin was used to the life of luxury, given that his father was wealthy as hell and passed it on to him. Calvin grew up on the massive plantation, in the mansion that we now lived in. I grew up in a small, tin-box of an apartment in the North End of Boston. I just wasn't used to it, and I still wasn't. I was awkward about it. Calvin, on the other hand, was a master at it. During drinks, it was lovely. Calvin and I had a really nice conversation, not involving anything we usually argued about. We laughed, we talked. I didn't want to ruin this, so I didn't bring up the Mandingo fights for the time being. I loved moments like this, when Calvin was sweet and charismatic. I loved the way he'd give a smirk, take a drag from his cigarette, blow out smoke and say something charming in that Southern drawl of his. \"Ya don't mind if we go upstairs to see Butch and Leo after dinner, sweetheart?\" Calvin asked, putting out his cigarette, \"It'll just be drinks, Gwen.\" I smiled at him, \"Yeah, darling. I'll come with you.\" It was weird to see him be so sweet and charming after seeing how he acted when he was mad. I remembered once when he found out that I secretly helped the girls in the kitchen make dinner after helping out the men in the cotton field out back by giving them water. Stephen had been watching the whole time, unbeknownst to me. He told on me, reporting to Calvin like the snitch he was. \"Did you help them niggers in that goddamn kitchen?\" He snapped, pointing his cigarette holder to the door of the kitchen, \"You better tell me now, Gwen.\" We were in his study, the fire roaring beside us in the grand fireplace on the wall, bookshelves lining the walls. It was a night in the December of the second year of our marriage. I stood there, tears brimming my red-rimmed eyes, glaring at him with fear and infuriation. I felt my breathing quicken, stressing as Calvin shouted at me. His voice was absolutely terrifying when he yelled, and I was genuinely petrified. \"Yes. So what if I did? You going to lynch me? Whip me? Order Butch or Stephen to have dogs rip me apart?\" I snapped back at him. Calvin's eye twitched in infuriation. His blue eyes got a dark, sadistic look in them. In that instant, I knew it was the worst thing to ever say. Never talk back. Before I could even say another word, or figure out what was happening, Calvin smacked my face so hard, I swear the study was spinning. It knocked me to the hardwood floor with a thump, and instant pain hit my face. My face was throbbing. Tears streaked down my cheeks. I glanced up at Calvin, not believing what he had just done. \"I strictly told ya not to help those goddamn niggers! You live under my roof, you obey my rules. You are my wife, and you will treat me with the utmost respect. You treat me the way a wife is suppose to treat her husband, and that means doing what I tell ya to do. Which includes not helping the fucking niggers!\" He shouted. I quickly stood back up. \"Respect you?\" I scoffed, \"I will never respect you! You're not worth the trouble! You're a sick bastard. You're arrogant, vile and you have absolutely no regard for humanity!\" I snapped at him, tears hitting my lips, \"You have no heart, Calvin. You make me fucking sick!\" I turned quickly and walked out of the room. That didn't stop Calvin. He was ready to go in for the kill. He was in the most intense rage I had ever witnessed him in. I ran out of his study in terror, out into the foyer. I heard him coming after me. He was screaming, \"Fuck you, Gwen! Goddamn it! Fuck you!\" Everyone on the plantation heard his screaming, it was so loud. The slaves in the kitchen peered out into the foyer, wondering what in the name of God was happening. He chased me through the mansion. I ran for my life. I ran up the stairs, thumping up them in panic. I ran up into the hallway and into our bedroom. I was in such a panic, so absolutely terrified, that I didn't even remember to shut and lock the door. Calvin stormed in quickly after me, slamming the door with a massive bang, backing me up against the end of the bed, his chest raising up and down in pure and utter rage. \"What are you going to do? Hit me, to show me that you love me? Beat me like you do to your slaves?\" I choked out, tears staining my cheeks, along with a bruise that I was positive was forming from the slap that Calvin had given me. There are times where you're so angry with someone, you say something you never will mean. It was one of those times, and I said something so hurtful and heartbreaking that it made Calvin absolutely lose it that night. \"You have got to be a goddamn lunatic if you think I would let you be the father of my child!\" I shouted at him, terrified. \"To even think that I would carry something that's yours in me! You sick bastard !\" I knew that was his weakness. A new emotion of anger flashed over Calvin's face. He was trembling, he was so mad. I had made a dire mistake in saying that, and I wanted to take it back before it escaped my lips. But I couldn't take it back. It was too late. He grabbed me by my chin, cupping it tightly in his hand, his nose almost against mine, he snarled, \"You naive, ungrateful woman.\" My tears hit his hand, and he tightened his grip on my chin. I gasped, looking down at his hand, putting my hands over his wrist, the veins in it protruding with stress and anxiety, with the grip of his hand on my chin. He glared at me with his infuriated blue eyes, and I flinched when he hit me again, sending me onto the bed behind me. The hit was harder than the one he had given me before, with a power behind it of pure rage. I didn't restrain my sob this time. I took pride in my ability to hold in sobbing, but this was my breaking point. I began sobbing, choking out gasps, screaming. \"Goddamn it, I am your husband and you will show me respect !\" Calvin roared in his Southern accent, pointing his finger at me with rage, \"And you will obey me. You will carry my child, you will stop helping them niggers, and you will do anythin' I ask, so help me God!\" He unbuckled his pants quickly, and I knew what he was going to do. I backed up a little, but he dragged me to him. He pinned me down to our bed, and pushed up the bottom of the night summer dress I wore so that my underwear was exposed. He pulled them off aggressively, infuriated. I was sobbing all the while he did it, his hands aggressively maneuvering me. He pinned my hands above my head, and went into me before I had time to even think. It hurt. I burst into new tears, sobbing more than I ever thought I could. I sobbed, trembling, until there were no more tears left to cry. When Calvin finished, he got up and off of me. He buckled his pants back up, running a hand through his longer, brown hair. He glanced over at me as I laid on the bed, laying there in sadness. I felt rigid. My husband raped me, and nothing was more traumatizing than that. \"To my beautiful Gwen,\" Calvin said, raising his glass of bourbon, \"I love you, darlin'.\" I looked up at Calvin, and smiled at him. And I knew exactly what to say back, without even a hesitant thought. I guessed that was a positive thing. In the long run, in spite of some of the arguments we had, he tried to be a loving husband. He was, usually. I raised my glass and clinked with him. He was a a cold-hearted bastard. He was my husband. \"I love you, Calvin.\"[Chapter 4] You guys don't know how amazing reading your reviews are. Thank you so, so much. I seriously can't thank you enough. I'm so happy that you like Calvin and Gwen and that you like their relationship. Here's the fourth chapter. Please review! It inspires me! Oh, and just letting you know—this fic and Calvin and Gwen's relationship is based on the song \"Trouble is a Friend\" by Lenka . Check it out! FOUR I sipped my champagne. Calvin and I really enjoyed dinner. We laughed, talked. His friends and associates came by our table occasionally to chat. People in the Cleopatra Club loved him. The people who seemed to worship Calvin were so affected and artificial. They were so caught up in their lives, in the materialistic aspects of living the high life in the deep South. Arrogant people who couldn't care less about other human beings. Expensive dresses and suits, cigarette holders blowing smoke into the air. Jewelry that had a price tag bigger than my family's apartment in Boston. When they stopped at our table, Calvin seemed oblivious that they were kissing his ass. The women looked at me with what I interpreted as jealousy or disapproval, eyeing me up and down, reminding me of Lara's disapproving once-overs. The women that were married to Calvin's friends knew I wasn't apart of their elite group of wealthy, high society Southern wives, and I was fine with that. I was the odd one out, the awkward Northerner who didn't live up to the social status of her husband. I didn't care if the arrogant wives of the other men didn't like me. I really just needed Calvin to be with. That's all. I put on an act when these friends of Calvin's and their wives would come to the table to chat. I'd act like I was the high society wife I was supposed to be, but I always failed miserably at it. Calvin knew the real me, and he knew I as nothing like the other wives. He knew the act wasn't me, because he'd shoot me looks from across the dinner table, with his eyebrow raised, that said where the hell did that come from? If on any occasion I was required to go to one of the uproarious parties at one of Calvin's friend's plantations—which was pretty often—I clung to Calvin. I refused to leave his side, even if the wives of all the other men would mingle and gossip with each other. I didn't fit in with them, and Calvin knew it. He was totally aware that he was the only one out of his friends that didn't marry a Southern belle, and that the other wives didn't approve of me, and that they excluded me. He didn't care. He said he was more than happy with me. That was one thing I loved, that he honestly couldn't care less that I didn't fit in with the other women. He didn't care. He would hold me close at the parties, an arm around my hip, and include me in the conversations that he was having with his friends. Calvin said he'd do anything for me. He tried to make me feel accepted, even though Calvin knew I never was, and never would be. He tried so hard to make me feel like less of an outcast at these big plantation parties, or even at dinners. He'd act so engaging in the topic him, his friend and the wife would be talking about, and he'd try to make me feel like I belonged. He'd put an arm around me, or hold my hand from across the table. He'd ask my opinions, or ease me into the conversations. He knew I didn't like his friends, but he didn't want me to be excluded. When one of Calvin's friends and his wife left, he looked at me questioningly, tapping the end of his cigarette's ash onto his plate, \"Gwen, I know you don't like 'em. Ya don't have to pretend you do.\" I bit my lip, then exhaled. \"I know. I just don't fit with these women, Calvin. I'm—don't know. Not like them, I guess.\" He gave me an amused smile in reply. He stood up from the table, straightening up his red smoking jacket. He stood next to me, looking down at me, his cigarette hanging out of his mouth. He inhaled deeply, removed the cigarette from his mouth, and blew out a stream of smoke into the air. He then held the cigarette holder between his index and middle finger. He leaned down, and said in my ear, \"I think you pretendin' is pretty goddamn cute.\" He kissed my cheek as I sat there, and I felt myself blush a little, his scent of bourbon, cologne and cigarette smoke encompassing me. \"I do like it a bit better when you're you though, darlin'.\" Calvin added, taking my hand and helping me out of my chair, his cigarette stuck between his teeth, \"You really shouldn't be changin' that.\" I smiled a bit and looked at him, recognizing that it was a really sweet thing to say, especially coming from Calvin. He really was trying to make me have a nice night, and I had to give him credit for that. He arched his arm out for me again, giving me a playful smirk, and I gladly snaked my arm around his. He took me by the arm and we walked through the restaurant area out into the foyer again. Calvin led me up the stairs. I looked upwards, seeing the endless stairs spiral with every different floor. I lifted up the dress I wore as I climbed the staircase, an impending sense of worry and dread creeping up in my mind. This night was too good to be true. There was a catch, I knew it. Once we got to the second floor, we arrived at the Caesar room, where Butch and Leo were. Calvin opened the door for me, and I stepped inside. The room's walls and floor was hardwood. The room smelt of cigars and cheap perfume. There were two loveseats by the grand fireplace to the left of the room, while there was a big pool table in the middle and a bar to the right. The room was dimly lit, making the atmosphere comfortable and nightly. He put a hand on my back and led me farther into the room. Butch nodded to the two of us, tipping his hat in a respectful gesture. He was playing pool by the table. Butch never said much. He was more Calvin's valet than his friend, and I don't think I'd heard him speak more than a few sentences in me and Calvin's four years of marriage. Leo approached Calvin with another man, someone I never had seen before. He looked foreign, with a grey beard, balding, and a handsome grey smoking jacket. \"Calvin, this here's Mr. Stonesipher. He's lookin' to have some fun.\" Leo smirked, winking at Calvin. Calvin caught the hint that was between the two of them, and grinned with his cigarette crudely between his teeth. A hand still placed on my lower back, Calvin reached out with his other hand and firmly grasped Stonesipher's hand in a masculine manner. \"Stonesipher, good to meet 'cha. I'm Calvin Candie,\" He said, squeezing my hip, \"This is my wife, Gwen.\" Stonesipher smiled at Calvin, and released his hand from the handshake. I sighed, and smiled little, nodding to the man, who in turn took my hand and kissed it, \"Madame.\" His accent was French and quite thick. \"So, my friend,\" Calvin said slyly, getting that nefarious look in his blue eyes, \"What kind of bet are you willin' to make?\" I stopped, glancing at him. I knew he meant Mandingos. The Frenchman cleared his throat, saying, \"Two thousand dollars. On mine. Big nigger, name's Luigi.\" \"Okay.\" Calvin said, puffing on his cigarette, \"I'll go for it. I got a good nigger. Big Fred. Real tall, muscular. Leo, would ya bring the two of 'em out?\" He asked, then released his cigarette and commented to Stonesipher, \"Drinks and a good Mandingo fight should be a good bit a fun for tonight. Take a seat, boy.\" Leo disappeared into the other room. He came back with two tall, muscular African American men. They looked fearful and anxious, but powerful. They were shirtless, and their eyes were so sad. I felt my stomach churn, knowing what these poor men were about to face for Calvin's enjoyment. I knew he was going to do this, and I really wished he hadn't ruined the positivity between us by doing this. He rubbed the small of my back, and asked me, \"Ya want another drink before the fight?\" I squirmed under his hand, attempting to shrug him off me, \"I can't believe you.\" Calvin looked utterly surprised, raising his voice, \"What? What'd I do this time?\" \"Mandingo fights.\" I snapped at him, \"Calvin, you said no fights tonight.\" Leo had the two brawny, bulky slaves stand by the fireplace in front of the two seats, awaiting Calvin to take his spot on one of the two loveseats to watch. They looked like they were going to vomit in fear. I stood with Calvin by the two French doors, becoming increasingly irritated and annoyed with him every minute that went by. I glared at my husband, knowing I should have been more wise than to think that Calvin wouldn't do this. \"It's one measly 'lil fight.\" Calvin soothed, holding my hand in his, \"Ain't no big deal, just a really quick bet. It'll be fun. Sit with me and have a drink, darlin'.\" I glared up at him, ripping my hand from his grasp, and spat, \"You don't care that two men are going to fight to the death for your entertainment? You don't care that they are going to kill each other for you? Don't you understand? Oh wait, why would you understand? You always do this. You put two men together and watch them gruesomely murder each other because they're just niggers to you, right? Jesus Christ , Calvin.\" He glared at me, taking me by the upper arm, yanking me out of the room and outside by the staircase to continue the private argument. \"Ya know damn well this is what I do,\" Calvin snarled, pointing a finger in my face, \"You know that I breed Mandingos at Candieland. You can't expect me to come to the fucking Cleopatra Club and not bet on goddamn Mandingos!\" \"It's sadistic!\" I snapped. Calvin was getting annoyed. He grabbed my chin in his hand, but I looked away from him in spite of it. This really irritated him, and he harshly yanked me by the chin to look at him. He was mad, and his blue eyes harbored nothing by sternness and seriousness. He was ticked off, and I glared up at him. His grasp tightened, and he brought me even closer to him. He was taller, and it intimidated me. My breathing was uneven, anxious. \"You know betta than to yell at me like that.\" He snarled, pointing his cigarette holder at me. He was trembling again, so infuriated that he was trying desperately to control himself. He growled at me, \"Why do ya have to be so goddamn difficult?\" \"Are you going to hit me again?\" I asked bluntly, antagonizing him, \"Are you going to hit me to show me how much you really love me?\" Calvin took a deep breath, and his grip eased on my chin, releasing me. He looked down and muttered, \"Don't say that.\" I swore I saw a little bit of guilt in his eyes. A little bit. \"You know I'm right.\" I replied. \"Gwen—\" Calvin tried. \"You never get that hitting me won't make any difference. I still will think that Mandingo fighting is wrong, I will still think that your friends are narcissistic, inhumane assholes who had their head up your ass, and I will always think that it's disturbing as hell that your plantation is the most feared place in Mississippi.\" \" Gwen !\" Calvin snapped, pointing his finger in my face, his Southern accent heavy on the words, \" Goddamn it! Shut up!\" My blood ran cold, hearing his voice rise like that. It terrified me. \"You're never going to get it.\" I muttered in reply. \" Gwen !\" Calvin shouted tiredly after me. I blocked him out as I quickly climbed down the stairs. I was halfway down the stairs, when he leaned over the banister, shouting, \"Gwen, get you're pretty 'lil ass back here!\" I knew he was going to be infuriated that I didn't show him respect, that I wasn't obeying his orders. He was going to be infuriated that I had talked back to him in front of his friends and associates. I knew he would yell at me later for it. We were staying the night at the Cleopatra Club, and would return to the plantation in the morning, so I knew I would hear about this tonight in bed. I huffed as I climbed down the staircase, frustrated beyond belief. This night was nothing different than every waking moment of me and Calvin's marriage. It began as romantic, gentle, and charismatic. Calvin was charming, and he had blunt chivalry. He made me feel like I was the most beautiful thing in the world, and I never felt happier. He acted like he was the ideal husband. Then, there were the other times. He would do the most inhumane things possible, with little to no remorse. When he had hit me, raped me, or screamed at me. He always said to me that he never really would hurt me, and he swore he didn't want to. He was so arrogant, so cruel, and so narcissistic. He was the monster I was married to. He never cared about the slaves, no matter what I ever said. He acted like they were animals, like they were dogs to throw in a dog fight. He would cheer on one to slaughter the other. It was gruesome and disturbing. He knew I hated it, yet he led me right to it. I walked across the beautiful main foyer, then out the front door, to the black gates. I stopped there, leaning against the opened black iron gate in frustration, rubbing a hand over my face in frustration. I never liked it when Calvin and I clashed like that. Calvin was nine years older than me, and he seemed to think he was right simply because he was thirty-three and I was only twenty-four, he had the advantage of being wiser. Yet, he never apologized, and never admitted when he wasn't right. Being married to Calvin was—every now and then—like being in chains. He dominated me, and I was so terrified of him that he easily had control over me. I guess some of the blame should be on me, because I knew he was trouble when I was first introduced to Calvin—the first time he took a drag ffrom his cigarette and grinned at me. So, shame on me. I felt like I was drowning at times, when I realized how easily Calvin had control over me, how easily I was a sucker for his charm. It really did petrify me to no end. I stood by the gate, and felt my red-rimmed eyes glassing over with tears. I quickly blinked them away, making them disappear. I often wondered if marrying Calvin was a mistake. Not that I had a choice, but Calvin always acted like it was a choice. I really loved him, yet I also loathed him. He was the biggest narcissist I knew, who only cared about his plantation, bourbon, cigarettes, and himself. He cared about me, he really did, but the arguments always became so emotional and aggressive. We were civil for only a little while, a happy couple. We were fine for a while, but then we started to lose control. A carriage stopped in front of the black iron gates. A man, in his mid-fifties I guessed, climbed out. He had a handsome, aged face with kind eyes. He had blondish hair with a grey beard, and his smile was charming. In tow with him was a African American man, maybe in his late thirties to early forties. They were both dressed quite expensively, and the fact that the African American man was dressed as well as the other surprised me a bit. He looked tense, but the white man looked relaxed and quaint. The two of them approached me. The white man bowed a bit to me, \"Hello, Miss. Is this the Cleopatra Club?\" I nodded, and gave them a little bit of a smile, \"Yes, it is.\" \"I'm Dr. King Schultz,\" The man explained, and I realized he was German. His accent was pretty thick, and his manner was quite calm and very kind. He turned to the African American man, \"And this is my associate, Django Freeman. We're here to find a Mr. Calvin J. Candie. Do you know of him?\" Django was his equal. I extended my hand and shook Schultz's hand, then extended my hand to Django. He looked down at it, like he couldn't believe a white woman was offering to shake his hand. He looked up at me with an arched eyebrow, but accepted my hand and shook it. The two of them swapped glances when they realized I didn't have a Southern accent. \"Lovely to meet you both,\" I replied, \"I'm Gwen Candie. Calvin's my husband.\" Django and Schultz looked surprised. Schultz smiled at me, \"Would you be as so kind to take us to meet him?\" I nodded. Life hasn't been very kind to me lately, but I suppose it's a push from moving on. In time the sun's gonna shine on me nicely. Because suddenly, something tells me good things are coming. Review?[Chapter 5] Again, thank you so much for the lovely feedback! Your reviews mean so, so much to me! They inspire me to write more! I hope you like this chapter! Please review! FIVE I looked up the stairs, picking up the ends of my green dress, climbing up them with Schultz and Django close behind me. I really did not want to see Calvin right now, but the two guests seemed so polite and kind that I couldn't say no. I held onto the banister with my other hand, and we reached the second floor. My heart felt like it fell into my stomach when I heard shouting, cheering and loud thumps behind the door within the Caesar room. I stopped at the two wooden doors, holding the gold handles but not opening them. I turned to Django and Schultz, \"I apologize in advance for my husband's behavior.\" I instantly opened the doors of the Caesar room. We stepped inside, cheering and grunting flooding my ears. I looked to the left, seeing Calvin shouting at the Mandingos, who were both soaked in crimson red blood. Calvin's was on top on Stonesipher's, beating the hell out of the other Mandingo. Stonesipher, Calvin and Leo were cheering, shouting, and thrilled as the two slaves fought, blood splattered on both their faces. Calvin sat up and kicked his slave in the back, to tell him to keep going, \"Get back on top now, turn around!\" I looked at my feet, disturbed. I heard the Mandingos fighting, grunting as they tried with everything in their power to murder one another. I heard the thumping of their bodies and limbs hitting the hardwood floor, and I cringed with the noise. I felt tears brimming my eyes, so insanely disturbed, and I blinked them away. \"Why do ya want to get into the Mandingo business?\" Calvin asked, seated on one of the loveseats, his back to us. I looked from the floor to Schultz. \"The awful truth? I'm bored.\" Schultz sighed, and shrugged, \"It just seems like a good bit of fun.\" Calvin swiftly turned around, nodding at Schultz, the charming smirk on his face. I felt my knees tremble. Whenever he gave that look I felt weak. So cocky, but charming. He blew out cigarette smoke through his nose, his cigarette holder between his middle and index finger. Calvin gestured Schultz over, \"Well why don't cha come on over? We got a fight goin' that's a good bit of fun.\" Schultz sauntered over. While he did so, Calvin said, \"I'm assumin' you gentlemen met my lovely wife Gwen?\" He always did that. Calvin and I would have an argument, then in minutes the two of us would act like nothing happened between us. Only occasionally we would keep the tension between us for a while. He was acting like we hadn't just blown up at each other over the banister outside, and he was good at it. He winked at me, and that smirk on his face was making me blush. I was still infuriated with him, but that goddamn smirk was difficult to not blush at. \"We did,\" Schultz nodded, bowing at bit at me. I smiled back a little. I looked at Django, who still looked tense and a bit annoyed. I put a hand on his shoulder, and murmured quietly so Calvin couldn't hear, \"Django, do you want a drink? Come over to the bar with me. You don't need to see this.\" Django looked at me with what I interpreted as surprise, and nodded. Tension filled the room as I led him to the bar. Butch held the pool stick in his grasp and glared at Django, watching him harshly as he walked across the room. I ignored Butch's glare, and continued to lead Django. I knew Calvin was curiously looking at Django as we walked to the bar to the right of the room. I stood at the bar, and looked at the African American man, Roscoe, who was Calvin's bartender. \"Roscoe, if you don't mind, serve Django anything he pleases.\" I requested gently, \"Please.\" \"Yes, Madame Candie.\" Roscoe replied quietly, and looked to Django. I nodded to him in thanks. I was about to speak to Django when I was called over by Calvin, over the noise of the fight. In my mind I told myself I wouldn't take two steps towards the fight, and I knew I would break out into sobs if I had to watch it. But I knew that Calvin was already infuriated with me, and I didn't know how much hitting I could take tonight when we were alone. I miserably sauntered over to Calvin, residing close to him as he stood up to greet Schultz. \"Dr. Schultz,\" Calvin greeted, standing up and taking Schultz's hand and giving it a firm handshake, looking over his shoulder to the Mandingos. \"Keep fightin', niggers.\" I bit my lip in order to not snap at him, so I glared up at him. He glanced at me, then glanced away, to look at Schultz, who was saying, \"Monsieur Candie, it really is an honor.\" \"It's an honor to meet ya,\" Calvin replied, \"Please, have a seat. The pleasure's all mine.\" He turned to me, smirking a little bit, puffing on his cigarette, then blowing out smoke in rings. \"Come on and sit with me, sweetheart.\" He murmured, looking down at me, gently snaking his hand on my hip, slyly pulling me a bit closer to him. I looked up at him, muttering softly so only he could hear, \"Calvin, stop.\" No wasn't a choice. He grabbed me by the hip, bringing me down with him. He sat down on the loveseat beside Schultz and Coco. I sat there, forcibly clinging to Calvin's side, his arm encaging me against his body. He had his arm wrapped around my ribcage, and my head pressed to his collarbone. He was attempting to put on the act again, and he was having none of my attitude. In Calvin's eyes, we were in front of guests, and he was all about politeness and Southern hospitality. He was silently telling me be nice. He put the hand of his that wasn't holding me captive on my leg, giving it a quick squeeze. I felt saddened as I was quite literally held against my will, pressed to my husband like a prisoner. He was forcing me to watch the Mandingo fight as a punishment for the fight we had had earlier. I sat there, watching in absolute terror, as Calvin's Mandingo slammed Stonesipher's to the hardwood floor with a bone chilling thump. I bit my lip, trembling in anxiety against Calvin's body. He felt me trembling, so he held me tighter. He kept shouting as the fight kept going, \"Come on now, boy! Goddamn it, he's not doin' what I told him! Come on, boy! It's a fight to the death!\" Stonesipher was on the other loveseat, yelling at his Mandingo in French, cheering him on. Calvin was getting charged, watching the fight with increasing excitement. I was sickened by him. I felt the tears welling up as I watched the two terrified Mandingos fight. Blood stained the floor, the hardwood slick with deep red blood, streaked from the fighting. The smell of copper filled the air near the fireplace, the stench of blood making me grimace. \"Rob him blind!\" Calvin screamed. The Mandingos were slamming each other across the floor, leaving blood wherever they fell. Big Fred hit Luigi in the kidneys, sending him to the hardwood floor. Calvin cheered loudly, and I felt nothing but miserable as I sat there. Calvin squeezed my leg again in excitement, shouting for Big Fred to keep going. Big Fred got Luigi on the ground, and I heard the snapping of limbs. Fred reached in Luigi's eye, and yanked out the eyeball from the socket. Silent tears streaked down my face and hitting my lips. I buried my face in the crook of Calvin's neck, the hot tears staining his white shirt. It was the only place to hide my eyes from the disturbing, horrific sight of what I had witnessed. Calvin noticed this, but said nothing. I looked up from his neck, and he saw my tear-drenched face. I said quietly, \"Stop the fight, Calvin.\" He looked at my face, was about to say something to me, until Leo shouted, \"Yeah! Big Fred, you got it!\" Calvin ripped his attention from me, and to the two Mandingos. Fred was breathing hard, his massive chest rising and falling heavily with each sharp intake of breath. Calvin released me and stood up, taking a hammer from the table beside us. He threw it on the floor with a thud, beside the two Mandingos. Fred looked up at Calvin, with pure fear and misery in his eyes. Tears continued to streak down my cheeks. Schultz looked uncomfortable, disturbed. I'd never seen anyone who liked Mandingo fights that disturbed by them. Curious. He glanced at me, surprised that Calvin Candie's wife was crying at something that Calvin Candie was so infamous for. I restrained my sobs, but looked away as Calvin snapped, blowing out cigarette smoke, \"Finish him.\" Fred looked terrified, picking up the hammer. \"Go on, boy! Finish him !\" Calvin barked. I put my head in my hands as Fred went down with the hammer. I heard a massive thump, and I looked back up to see Luigi's body go from squirming and screaming to silent and limp. I gasped a little, wiped my cheeks and eyes with the back of my palm, smearing the wet tears on my hand. I sniffled, and stood up. I glared at Calvin with red-rimmed eyes, and pushed past him. He watched me with annoyance. I walked to the bar on the right side of the room, my heart thumping loudly in my chest. \"Leo, you take this boy of mine and find him a soft bed, and then you're gonna send him up a nice pony to lick his pole.\" Calvin was saying, walking and talking to Leo as he, Calvin and Fred walked to the bar. Calvin looked at Fred, \"Now you better be ready to travel to Candieland tomorrow mornin', ya hear?\" Fred looked at me as they got closer to the bar. I gave him a look of sadness, and mouthed \"I'm so sorry\" while Calvin was busy speaking to Leo. Fred, who was drenched in Luigi's crimson red blood, acknowledged my glance, and then looked to Calvin, \"Yes, Monsieur Candie.\" \"Oh, before you go. Roscoe, give Fred here a tall beer.\" Calvin requested, puffing on his cigarette and smiling greedily. Roscoe obeyed, handing Fred a massive bottle of alcohol, who was popping it open and drinking hurriedly. He grinned at Fred and said, \"You enjoy that, boy. You've earned it.\" \"Yes, sir.\" Fred replied, and Leo took him out of the room. I sat down by the bar, sitting at a cherrywood table and crossing my legs. I was furious with Calvin, and nothing that he could say would make me feel any better. He looked at Django, who was standing at the bar. He was rigid and tense, not looking at Calvin when he looked at him. He puffed on his cigarette, blowing out smoke in curls, \"What's your name, boy?\" \"His name is Django Freeman,\" Schultz replied to Calvin's inquisition, coming over to the bar. \"Where'd ya dig him up?\" Calvin scoffed, giving Django a once-over. \"Oh, a fortuitous turn of events brought Django and I together,\" Schultz explained. Calvin looked suspicious, or rather, quizzical. He circled around Django like a shark, talking to him from behind, \"Now boy, I hear you've been sayin' that my Mandingos ain't no good. Now I'm curious, what makes you such a Mandingo expert?\" \"I'm curious what makes you so curious.\" Django said calmly, turning around at looked at Calvin with attitude. Calvin looked amused, yet shocked, that an African American had said that to him. I smirked, finally someone else but me was trying to put Calvin in line. God knows that I'd been trying for four years. \"What'd you say, boy?\" Butch snapped, holding the pool stick in his grasp firmly, glaring at Django. \"Calm down, Butch.\" Calvin replied, not taking his blue eyes off Django, \"No offense given. None taken.\" Calvin walked over to the table I sat at and sat down in the chair beside me, putting his hand on my leg and taking a deep drag from his cigarette, blowing smoke high in the air. I looked at him, and he squeezed my thigh. He looked at Roscoe and said, \"Roscoe, give Gwen some champagne. And I will have a Polynesian Pearl, but do not spare the rum.\" Calvin looked to Schultz, tapping the end of his cigarette in the ash tray on the bar table, \"Now Doc, I'm a seasoned slaver. You're not. I just wanna make sure that this cowboy over here ain't taken advantage of ya.\" Schultz arched an eyebrow, \"Monsieur Candie, I do not mean to be direct. But I did not seek you our for your advice. I sought you out to purchase a fighting nigger for a top-dollar price. Now, I was under the impression that we were discussing business.\" I raised my eyebrows, and Calvin looked a bit insulted and surprised. Roscoe handed Calvin and I our drinks. I smiled and thanked him quietly, while Calvin gave a defensive look to Schultz. Calvin re-gripped my thigh and said, \"We weren't discussin' business yet. We were talkin' 'bout my curiosity.\" He looked at Schultz suspiciously, then demanded, \"Roscoe, Coco. Go outside and play.\" Roscoe nodded respectfully to the two of us, and Coco smiled sweetly, giving a curtsy and leaving with Roscoe. \"Gwen. You're stayin' here.\" Calvin ordered, kissing my cheek and standing up. I sipped my champagne and muttered miserably, \"It's not like I have a choice.\" He smirked at me and then looked to Schultz and Django. \"Now, accordin' to Leo, if I do business with you,\" Calvin reasoned, pointing his drink at the two of them, \"then I'm doin' business with both ya'll. He does the eyeballin', you do the billfold, is that it?\" \"It doesn't sound that flattering...but, more or less, yeah.\" Schultz replied, giving Calvin a charming smile. Calvin turned to Django, \"So, bright boy. Leo tells me that you took a look at my African flesh and you were none to impressed, huh?\" \"Nope.\" Django muttered, smoking his cigarette cooly. Calvin looked unimpressed. \"Then we got nothin' to talk about. You wanna buy a beat-ass nigger from me, those are the beat-ass niggers I wanna sell, so...\" \"He don't wanna buy the niggers you wanna sell. He wants to buy the niggers you don't wanna sell.\" Django corrected. Calvin looked at Django mockingly, \"I'm not gonna sell the nigger I don't wanna sell.\" He walked away, clearly unimpressed by the two of them. \"Well, you won't sell your best. You won't sell your second best. Your third best? Maybe. But if I made you an offer so ridiculous you'd be forced to consider.\" Schultz persuaded, standing next to Django. Calvin turned to look at the two guests of ours, and said amusedly, \"And what do you consider ridiculous?\" \"For a truly talented specimen?\" Schultz reasoned, \"The right nigger? Twelve thousand dollars.\" Calvin grinned, \"Gentlemen, you had my curiosity. Now you have my attention.\" Later into the night, I was down in the dinning room of the Cleopatra Club, sipping water out of a wine glass by the bar. The dining room was basically empty. I was still steaming from the night's previous events of the Mandingo fight. The grandfather clock in the dining room struck eleven fifty. I sighed, fingering the tip of the wine glass. I felt miserable, and I kept seeing flashes of the fight. The blood soaked floors, the hammer slamming into Luigi's head. And it was all because of Calvin. I didn't understand how a person could gain entertainment from watching torture and killings. I didn't understand why Calvin cheered like he did when the men killed each other. I felt sick to my stomach thinking about it. I heard footsteps behind me, and I didn't bother to turn around. \"Gwen. C'mon to bed.\" I turned to look at Calvin. He looked at me indifferently, but expectantly held his arm out for me to take. I bit my lip, hopping off the bar stool and walking past him. I knew he rolled his eyes while I pushed past him. I climbed the stairs up to the third floor, down to our hotel room. I opened the door. It was a master suite, with hardwood flooring and red furnishings with expensive furniture. It was too luxurious, too wealthy. I was annoyed enough, and this just added to it. I flung off my heels, kicking them across the hardwood flooring, sending them to the ground with a thump. Calvin entered the room, taking off his red smoking jacket, and stubbing out his cigarette in the dish on the nightstand. He stripped off his tie. The massive chandelier that hung in the middle of the room was flickering, the flames of each candle dancing in the air. Calvin stood behind me, taking off my necklace effortlessly and putting it on the nightstand beside the bed. He pushed the dress down, slinking the dark green dress off me. I didn't say anything. He untied my corset under the dress, and my clothes feel to the floor around my ankles. I took pins out of my hair, strands of blond hair falling around my face. I smelt his scent of cologne, cigarettes and bourbon encompassing me. He put his arms around my hips again, curling them securely over the bare flesh. I felt the hair on the back of my neck rise, my blood running cold under my skin. He began sliding the thin tip of the underwear lining down, but I stopped him instantly. \"Calvin, not now.\" I snapped, squirming under his grasp. He grabbed me by the arm and yanked me around to face him. I gasped when he did, surprised. He was clearly sick of me rejecting his advances. His blue eyes glared at me wickedly, and I knew he was charged with anger. He gripped my arm tighter, and he yanked me closer to him so our noses almost touched. \"I am goddamn sick of you talkin' back to me!\" He roared, \"I will do whatever I the hell I please, and I will not continue to hear any lip from you , Gwen. You are my wife and you will do anythin' I say or ask. And you will not give anymore sympathy to those fucking niggers! I saw you bein' all kind to that Django. You're a goddamn nigger-lover. If I see it again I swear to God I'll—\" \"Hit me? Go ahead!\" I yelled in reply, \"Oh, don't even worry ! What's another bruise to you? You see them every time we fuck, don't you? And you never blink at them! You know they're there, don't you, Calvin? What does it matter? It's no different than just another Mandingo bashing in another's head with a goddamn hammer! Just a typical night for you!\" \"You shut that fuckin' mouth!\" He barked at me, aggressively releasing me from his grip, \"You nigger-loving bitch !\" \"Anything to get away from you, you narcissistic bastard!\" I shouted at him, quickly sauntering over into the sitting room that connected to our bedroom. Calvin caught me by my torso when I was at the threshold of the sitting room, yanking me back into the bedroom. I yelped loudly, as I was dragged back into the bedroom. \"Don't you fuckin' walk away from me!\" He screamed, taking me by the back of the neck, sending me to the bed. I laid there, tears beginning to blur my vision. They brimmed my red-rimmed eyes. I was trembling, terrified as I looked up at him. I choked out a sob, and Calvin looked down at me. He was in a fit of absolute rage, that he smacked the lamp by the nightstand, sending it flying across the room. He kicked the chair by the bed in anger, and shouted, \"Goddamnit, son-of-a- bitch !\" Tears streaked down my cheeks, staining my skin and hitting my lips. I choked out a sob, and Calvin was on top of me, and snapped angrily, \"I love you, Gwen.\" I sobbed, choking out in a stammer, \"I love you, too.\" It was no different than any other fight. It would begin in hitting, insulting, or yelling. It would end in something romantic. It was twisted, disturbing. Nevertheless, it was love. Calvin tugged my underwear off. Under the covers of the bed, he got on top of me. I looked up at him, tears still streaking down my cheeks. He pressed his mouth to mine, deepening it and positioning himself over me. I put my hands on his bare back, digging my nails into his back. Before I knew what was happening, Calvin went into me and I yelped in surprise. I gasped, breathing unevenly as he did so. He pushed my bare back against the bed, and I reached a hand to the sheets, scrunching it in my fist in the thrill. After Calvin finished, he laid beside me. My head was buried in his chest while he slept, his arm around me. I laid awake. I really loved him. But I felt like a prisoner in my own marriage to Calvin Candie, as if the weight of the world was on my shoulders. Like I was in chains. I wanted freedom. And to find it may take everything I have. Review?[Chapter 6] I can't thank you readers enough. Your lovely reviews are absolutely terrific. Thank you so, so much! I am so, so happy you guys enjoy the scenes of Calvin/Gwen. This chapter is a bit shorter. Next chapter will be the longest, and I hope to put a few important scenes between them there. Thank you again! I hope you like this chapter. Please review, they inspire me! SIX The next morning, we left the Cleopatra Club and were on our way back to Candieland. It was a beautiful summer day, and the Mississippi heat was thick. I was on a good note with Calvin, even after the night before. He seemed like he was on a good note, too, because his charismatic side and his charm was blunt in the morning. Leo, Calvin and I sat in the carriage, while Calvin's entourage—Butch, Billy, and a few others—followed. Calvin's Mandingos were chained up and walked along too, and it annoyed me as I saw the chains that restricted them. I didn't want to fight with Calvin again this morning, especially in front of everyone, so i kept my mouth shut. I sat beside Calvin, his arm snaked around me, his hand draped on my shoulder. He was puffing on his cigarette like always, talking to Leo about the latest Mandingo fight and how proud he was that Fred had won. I rolled my eyes and blocked out their conversation. I watched the Mississippi scenery go by, as we rode past plantations and cotton fields. Within the first hour of the ride, Schultz and Django caught up to our carriage, riding in on their horses. Calvin ordered the carriage to stop, and we halted. I looked at the two of them. Something was off about them. I'd first noticed when Schultz had looked away at the Mandingo fights. If he had been such an advocate for the sadistic fights, why did he squirm? And it seemed unlikely that the two of them had just so happened to stumble upon Calvin and asked to come to Candieland. I had never heard of King Schultz or Django Freedman, and I'd never heard Calvin speak of them, so he sure as hell didn't really know them, either. I was suspicious, but I kept my allegations to myself for the time being. \"Good morning, gentlemen.\" Schultz greeted, \"And lady.\" \"Ah! Good Dr. Schultz,\" Calvin replied, turning to look at the two travelers, \"Beautiful mornin', ain't it?\" Schultz looked up to the sky and smiled, \"Couldn't have picked a better one.\" \"Why don't ya take a ride with us up here?\" Calvin suggested, \"You can tie your horse back there.\" Schultz nodded and dismounted his horse. He led it to the back of the carriage and tied it up. Django climbed off his horse as well, feeding it a handful of grass. \"Django!\" Calvin called him, and he looked up. Calvin tipped his hat to him, and Django mirrored him, doing the same. I remembered the night before at drinks after we had met Django and Schultz. Calvin and I had sat at the table with the two of them and Leo, and Calvin had go on a speech about how Django was an \"exceptional nigger\" and that he was 1 in 10,000. Calvin had explained that there were only certain slaves that were bright and capable. He pointed at Django and told him he was one of those \"exceptional niggers\" and that it was remarkable. I'd looked at Schultz and Django from across the table, shaking my head a little at what Calvin was ranting about, and excused myself from the table. I shrugged off Calvin's hand that rested on my thigh under the table, quickly getting up to leave. I knew Calvin glared at me as I walked away and out of the dining room of the Cleopatra Club, but continued his speech nevertheless. \"Bright day, huh, Bright Boy?\" Calvin instigated, smirking at Django. \"The sun is up.\" Django replied simply, looking at Calvin through his black rounded sunglasses. Calvin nodded, resting his left hand on my thigh, \"Shining on all of us.\" Schultz joined the three of us in the carriage, sitting across from me. He smiled a bit, and I smiled a little back, \"Nice to see you again, Dr. Schultz.\" \"Pleasure is all mine, Madame Candie.\" He tipped his hat to me. I smiled at his manners, and replied, \"Gwen.\" Before anyone could say anything, I heard one of Calvin's men—I wasn't sure which—snapped, \"The game is keep up, not catch up, nigger !\" Laughing ensued among the men, cackling like wolves at the use of the word I hated the most. That's when I couldn't help myself. I didn't think I could hear that word again without losing it. I snapped. That was it. I lost it. I turned around and stood up in the carriage, surprising Calvin, Schultz and Leo. \"So help me God!\" I barked, \"If I hear that terrible word one more time, there is going to be serious hell to pay! Now shut up, and just let Django mount the goddamn horse in peace. Jesus Christ.\" The men looked at me in awe, Butch with a taken aback expression. Calvin looked surprised, his eyes wide and his eyebrows raised. Leo's jaw dropped, awaiting Calvin to reprimand me. Schultz stifled a laugh, looking at me with a look that I interpreted as impressed. I was Calvin's wife, and what Calvin said was law. I rarely gave orders, and whenever I did, Calvin's men acted so shocked. Billy annoyed me the most, and he treated the slaves the worst. He was sadistic and grimy, and I couldn't stand him. \"Gwen, you gotta be shittin' me!\" Billy protested. Django went over to the man who had taunted him, yanking the horse he rode on down, sending the man to the grass, the horse collapsing on top of him. The man screamed, and the horse neighed loudly. Schultz's eyes grew wide and started to stand up, but sat back down. I smiled at Django. Calvin stood up quickly, standing next to me. Django drew his gun and snapped to Calvin's men, \"Touch your guns and you die.\" \"Now everybody calm down!\" Calvin shouted, \"I saw the whole thing. No harm done.\" \"Are you kiddin' me? First Gwen says to stop callin' him a nigger, then that nigger—\" Billy retorted. Calvin was getting annoyed with him, \"I said no harm done ! And ya listen to Gwen just as well as ya'll listen to me. Now get your hand off your pistol! Butch, that means you, too! Now everybody better stop antagonizin' my guest.\" It was weird to have me and Calvin, standing side my side. The two heads of the household who had opposite views on everything, actually agree on something. Calvin put a hand on the middle of my back, looking at everyone sternly in the back of the carriage. Billy, Butch and the rest of the men removed their hands from their weapons, hesitantly. Billy glared at me. \"Hoot! Get back up on your horse!\" Calvin ordered. Hoot was on the ground, rolling around in pain, \"He broke my collarbone!\" I stifled a laugh, putting my hand over my mouth to not show it. Calvin shot me a sideways glare to silently tell me to shut up. \"Would somebody please help Hoot back up on his goddamn horse?\" Calvin asked irritatedly, rolling his eyes. He sat back down, pulling my hips down with him in order to make me sit. I glared over my shoulder at Billy. \"You're one lucky nigger.\" He said, shooting daggers at Django. \" Billy !\" I snapped, \"What the hell did I just say?\" \"You heard the lady. Do what she says.\" Django replied cooly, \"Watch your back, white boy.\" \"Oh, i'll be walkin' in the moonlight with you.\" Billy snarled. \"You wanna hold my hand?\" Django mocked him. Billy scoffed and rode on. Django mounted his horse. Calvin looked at me as I turned back to focus my attention away from the tension behind us. He smirked a little, putting his arm around me again, pressing me to him. He pressed his lips to my head. I felt annoyed, and I looked out to the sun, which hit the tops of the trees, shining orange and yellow streaks through them. The Mississippi heat was beginning to get to me, and I wasn't in the mood for anymore trouble. I think I had enough trouble in my life, or rather, in the past few days. Calvin knew I was annoyed, but spoke anyway. We had a moment to ourselves, given Leo and Schultz were in deep conversation in front of us. \"A bit rambunctious this mornin, darlin'?\" Calvin asked. \"You don't know the half of it.\" I snorted, glaring out to the sun in the trees. Calvin took a puff from his cigarette and looked like he was thinking of how to say what he was about to say, like he didn't know how to put it into a sentence. He blew out the smoke, and sighed, looking at me, \"Gwen, relax. Y'know that I'd never hurt ya, if you're still thinkin' about last night.\" Never hurt me my ass. \"I'm sick of hearing that word coming out of not only your mouth, but Billy's, and all of them. We've already talked about this, Calvin. It's annoying and I hate it. I just want it to stop. I doesn't have to do with last night.\" I replied, tearing my eyes away from the scenery and looking at my husband. I knew Calvin wouldn't ever really understand how terrible the word was. He was raised with slaves in the house, with people saying nigger. He was used to getting whatever he wanted. He was used to a lot of things I wasn't, and I knew this was why we clashed so much. And I knew Calvin knew that I was sympathetic to the slaves. Last night wasn't the first time he'd screamed at me and called me a \"nigger-lover\". I knew that deep down—even though he really did love me—that he really hated that he was married to someone who was so sympathetic to slaves. It irritated him to the bone. \"Fine.\" Calvin said, \"Fine. I'll stop.\" I looked up at him, knowing he was lying through his teeth. I searched his eyes, but pressed my lips to mine. I knew he was full of it, that he was just saying it to please me. Calvin was a sadistic, charming asshole. He could make you believe anything with just a blow of smoke from his cigarette and that charming smirk. Later into the carriage ride back home to the plantation, Schultz and Calvin discussed business. Schultz seemed quite interested in the other slaves at Candieland, not just the Mandingos. I found that suspicious, too. He was really engaged in the topic, almost interrogating Calvin about the women slaves back at Candieland. Given that Schultz was a German immigrant, Calvin brought up Broomhilda von Shaft, one of the housemaids back at the plantation. Broomhilda was a young woman, in her thirties. She was pretty, and quite quiet. She had a scar on her cheek, the mark of a runaway. She had gashes from whips across her back from her previous owner, and I pitied her greatly. She spoke a good amount of German, so Schultz thought he could communicate with her easily. I never had much interaction with her, but she had always been kind to me. I treated her the same, despite Calvin's wishes. I'd occasionally, like I had to Cora, slipped her food if I had the chance. It wasn't too often, given that Calvin watched me like a snake. As we approached Candieland, we stopped when we heard dogs barking. My heart dropped into my stomach when I saw what they were barking at. D'Artagnan, one of Calvin's Mandingos, a middle-aged slave who had won three out of five fights for Calvin, trembled in a tree, the dogs barked viciously at the bottom, snarling up at him. He was terrified, looking down at the dogs, knowing death was imminent if he was to lose his footing and fall. I felt my heart thumping rapidly in my chest, beating hard against my ribcage. \"Calvin, call off the dogs.\" I snapped at him quietly. \"D'Artagnan, boy.\" Calvin said mockingly, looking up at him and ignoring my plea, \"What were you doin', thinkin' you could run away?\" \"I can't fight anymore, Monsieur Candie,\" He cried in reply, looking pleadingly at Calvin. \"Yes you can!\" Calvin protested, \"If you can get on all the way up there in that goddamn tree, then your ass can fight.\" \"Call off the dogs!\" I snapped at their holders, standing up again. Seeing as Calvin didn't do it. I glared at them, \"They're scaring him. Christ.\" The holders did as they were told, dragging the dogs away to the side, where the slaves that were being transported from the Cleopatra Club to Candieland stood and watched in anxiety. I could feel Calvin glaring at me as I ordered his men around, but I didn't really care. I looked up at D'Artagnan, and said gently, \"D'Artagnan, will you come down, please?\" \"Yes, Madame Candie.\" He replied, attempting to climb down the tree. Calvin looked furious that one of his slaves tried to run away while we were gone. He ran a hand through his hair, and began walking out of the carriage and down to D'Artagnan, who was terrified, looking at Calvin with pure fear. \"Calvin, don't!\" I said, knowing that there was nothing he had on his mind besides cruel intentions. He didn't reply. He kept walking, until he turned to one of the handlers, \"How long has he been gone, and how far did he get off the property?\" The handler, a grimy, gross-looking man with bad genes, replied, \"'Bout twenty miles of the property. Been gone for 'bout a day.\" Calvin glared down at D'Artagnan, who began begging, \"Please, Monsieur Candie. I can't do this no more. I can't take it—\" \"Now, now! None of that beggin'.\" Calvin snapped, kneeling down to be on level with him. \"Don't be takin' advantage of my soft heart. You gotta understand here. You're in big trouble, son.\" D'Artagnan choked out a sob, and I knew what Calvin was going to do. My heart sunk. Review?[Chapter 7] Hey readers! As always, thank you for the absolutely lovely reviews. They inspire me to keep writing. Let me know what you think of this chapter! Enjoy. Please review—they really inspire me! SEVEN \"I paid five hundred dollars for you. If I pay five hundred dollars, I expect to get five fights out of a nigger before you roll over and play dead. Don't cha understand? I'm runnin' a business here. I mean, you've fought three fights.\" Calvin said degradingly. \"But I won every won of 'em.\" D'Artagnan pleaded, choking out a sob. I felt tears glass over my eyes. \"You did, but that last won was on the brink of winin' and losin'.\" Calvin added, and got up, brushing off his hands from kneeling down in the grass. He looked at all of us, \"So the fact remains. I pay five hundred dollars, I want five goddamn fights. So where's my five hundred dollars, huh?\" He turned to look at D'Artagnan. I felt my heart beating rapidly in my chest again. My blood ran cold knowing what Calvin was intending to do to D'Artagnan, and I knew that even though he probably would never listen, I had to try to talk Calvin out of it. I got up from the carriage, walking off the steps of it, walking by Schultz and Leo, who again looked surprised that I was attempting to tame and disobey Calvin. \"You gon' reimburse me?\" Calvin hissed at him, \"Do you even know what reimburse means ?\" The dog holders and Calvin's men all laughed at D'Artagnan. Their snickering really got to me. It was arrogant, stupid hicks, laughing at another's impending death. I felt like I was trembling in anger as I heard their ugly, disturbing laughs. It angered me, to the point where I walked to where Calvin stood and grabbed his arm. \"Stop it, Calvin. Give him a break.\" I urged him, looking up into his unforgiving blue eyes, \"No wonder he ran away with these fucking dogs chasing after him. Jesus Christ, he's just afraid.\" I didn't wait for Calvin's response, I just saw his expression of shock that I had gone this far this time. He narrowed his eyes at me as I knelt down to D'Artagnan, and reached out for his hand, \"Come here, D'Artagnan. It's okay. It's not a big problem.\" I knew that the beating that was in store for me once we got back home to Candieland would be the most painful thing to ever come to me, but I blocked it out of my mind for the time being. D'Artagnan looked to Calvin to see if he approved, but Calvin just looked infuriated beyond belief that I once again was embarrassing him by disobeying him in front of everyone. He was boiling mad, from the expression on his face, his cigarette clenched between his teeth in anger. In spite of this, D'Artagnan took my hand, and I stood up with him, attempting to help his gain the little dignity he had left, back. \"Thank—thank ya, Madame Candie. Thank ya.\" D'Artagnan choked out, \"I won't do it again, I—I swear.\" \"It's okay, don't cry. No harm done,\" I soothed. I prayed Calvin would let this go. But of course, it was Calvin Candie. So naturally, he didn't. \"No harm done my ass, Gwen. Who the fuck is gonna pay me my five hundred dollars?\" Calvin snapped, grabbing my arm, \"You tell me that. Who's gonna pay me back for this fucking useless nigger? He can't even push a goddamn broom, let alone fight no more! There's no point in keepin' him!\" \" Calvin .\" I urged, \"It's okay. Let it go.\" \"It ain't okay! I'm gonna deal with this goddamn runaway nigger any way I see fit. And you ain't gonna influence me none.\" Calvin barked at me, then looked over his shoulder and yelled, \"Billy!\" I looked at D'Artagnan, and he was beginning to panic again, knowing that this time, the master's wife could not help this time. That's how I guessed all the slaves at Candieland saw me, the only hope if Calvin decided to kill or beat them. I tried to talk Calvin out of things like that constantly, but he almost always scoffed at my opinion and carried through with the punishment anyway. This was the worst thing I'd done to Calvin in a long time, and I guessed that it was worse than the time that I'd helped in the kitchen. I could only imagine what Calvin was planning to do to me when we got back to Candieland, but I really wasn't too worried about myself at the moment. Billy came up behind me and grabbed my arm roughly, \"C'mon, Gwen.\" I narrowed my eyes at Calvin. So now he was physically removing me from the situation, getting one of his men to drag me away from the situation. Asshole. Billy dragged me back to the carriage and sat me down, holding me there. I squirmed and protested, but I was not listened to. Calvin turned to the slaves that were being transported from the Cleopatra Club to Candieland, and said, \"Let this be a lesson to ya'll.\" My heart felt like it stopped. Calvin turned to the holders, who held the vicious German Shepherds and mutts on stringy, breakable leashes, \"Let the bitches send D'Artagnan to nigger Heaven.\" It happened so quickly. I shouted, standing up to stop Calvin, but Billy yanked me back down. Tears streaked down my cheeks as the dogs were unleashed and attacked the runaway slave, gruesomely ripping him apart and attacking him. Calvin casually walked back to the carriage, dismissing Billy to let me go, and he made his way back to his horse. Calvin resumed his seat next to me, inhaling his cigarette like he hadn't just murdered a human being, and put an arm around me as the carriage began going again. I didn't sob, but silent tears ran down my face quickly. I didn't think I could look at Calvin. I effortlessly shrugged off his arm, and wiped my eyes. D'Artagnan's screams of pure terror faded as the dogs killed him and the carriage moved farther away from him. The worst part was that he was given a false sense of hope. And I was beginning to think that Calvin slaughtered him because I disobeyed. I sat in the carriage, as far away from Calvin as I could be in the small coach. The worst part was that I was furious, yet I was stuck there with him until we got to Candieland. Calvin made me feel like his slave. Like I was trapped, like i was looking for freedom. And the Lord knew I wasn't finding it. I felt the coldness and tension between us, the master of the house and his wife. The two opposites. The Southerner and the Northerner, two completely different people who had such different views on life. I was terrified of him, yet I loved him. I seriously questioned myself as to why I was in love with him, or why he was in love with me. I was absolutely terrified of him, yet I was in love him. Did we like the fighting? Or were the times when we were good—like at dinner, certain conversations, or in bed—so great that we couldn't stand being with anyone else but each other? We arrived at the black iron gates of the Candieland plantation about twenty minutes later. I remembered the first time I'd seen the plantation. It was massive, white with pillars at the front. The cotton fields, grass and trees made the yard beautiful. I was overwhelmed, thinking that it was the most beautiful, graceful and lovely place I had ever seen. The beauty that was my home deceived me, when I figured out the violence that happened behind those gates. The parties where Calvin's friends talked about their slaves, their own plantations, their bitchy wives and their precious Mandingo fights. The place were I was supposed to feel at home, but I was labeled as an outsider by everyone—Lara, Lara's friends, Calvin's friends, their wives, Stephen—except for Calvin. Lara sat on the upper deck having tea, Cora and another slave standing up there with her. She smiled, seeing as Calvin was coming home. I rolled my eyes, staring at my home that always had an impending sense of hostility to it. Calvin deeply took a drag from his cigarette holder, blowing out a streak of smoke. We stopped at the front steps of the house. Django and Schultz were in front of us. Calvin's Mandingos were rounded up to stand in a neat line off to the side. Calvin and I still weren't speaking to each other. We didn't have to, because Stephen came hobbling out of the house with his cane. He narrowed his eyes and glared at Django, and began ranting to Calvin like always, kissing my husband's ass like no tomorrow. \"Hello! Stephen, my boy!\" Calvin greeted, turning to look at him. Stephen hobbled down the three steps in front of the house. \"Yeah, yeah. Hello my ass. Who's dis nigger up on that nag?\" \"Ah, what's the matter, Stephen? You eat nails for breakfast? What's the matter, why you so angry? Ya miss me?\" Calvin bantered, leaning over to look at Stephen as he approached the carriage. \"Ah, yes sir I missed you. Like a hog misses slough. Like—like a baby misses its' momma's titty.\" Stephen teased in response, and Calvin laughed loudly as Stephen leaned himself on the carriage to look up at Calvin, \"Yeah sir, I missed you like I miss the rock in my shoe!\" Calvin put his hand on my thigh, putting on an act again. Either that, or he was silently trying to do the \"apologize without apologizing\" thing. \"Now, I ask you,\" Stephen asked, \"Who's dis nigger up on that nag?\" Before Calvin could answer him, Django chirped in, \"Hey, Snowball.\" Appalled at being addressed this way, Stephen glared around to look at him. Django was emotionless, and tense, when he added, \"You wanna know my name or the name of my horse, you ask me.\" Calvin and Leo exchanged looks, raising their eyebrows that Django was that headstrong. I stifled a smile at Django talking back to Stephen. \"Now who the hell you callin' 'Snowball', Horse Boy?\" Stephen snapped, approaching Django, \"I'll snatch your black ass off that goddamn—\" \"Whoa, whoa, whoa! Stephen, Stephen!\" Calvin intervened, \"Let's keep it funny. Django here's a freed man.\" \"This nigger here?\" Stephen asked surprisingly, jerking his thumb to Django. Calvin nodded, puffing on his cigarette. \"That nigger there. Now let me at least introduce the two of ya. Django, this here's Stephen. He's another cheeky black bugger like yourself. Stephen, this here's Django. You two outta hate each other.\" \"Calvin, now who here is this nigger that you feel the need to entertain?\" Stephen snipped, glaring at him like Calvin had finally lost it. Calvin pointed to Django and Schultz. \"Django, and his friend in grey here, Dr. Schultz, are customers. And they are our guests, Stephen, so you—you old decrepit bastard otta show 'em every hospitality, you understand that?\" Calvin said. \"Yes sir, him I understand\"—he looked to Schultz—\"but I don't know why I gotta take lip off this goddamn nigger—\" Stephen ranted, but Calvin cut him off. \"No, no. You don't gotta know why. Do ya understand?\" He asked, clearly losing his patience. \"Yes sir, I understand.\" Stephen replied, knowing not to test Calvin's temper. God knows I didn't know when to stop testing Calvin's temper. \"Good. They're spendin' the night. Now go up to the two guest bedrooms and get 'em ready.\" Calvin ordered, pointing with his cigarette holder to the upstairs of the mansion. Stephen's jaw dropped, \"He's stayin' in the big house?\" \"Stephen. He's a slaver. It's different.\" Calvin explained. \"In the big house?\" Stephen asked again, shocked. \"Why, you got a problem with that?\" Calvin snapped. Stephen put his hands up in defense, \"Eh, i got no problem with it. Not my problem if you wanna burn the beds, the sheets, the pillowcases and everythin' else after this black-ass motherfucka's gone!\" \"That is my problem, they are mine to burn. You're problem is makin' a good impression. So I want you to start solvin' on that problem right now and go upstairs and make them goddamn rooms ready! Now go on!\" Calvin snapped again, and I knew that tone of voice was serious. Once Calvin reached that level of his voice, tampering with his temper any further meant you're in trouble. \"Yes, Monsieur Candie.\" Stephen said, making his way back to the steps of the house, and muttering, \"Can't believe you brought a nigger to stay in the big house. You're daddy's rollin' around in his goddamn grave, right now.\" Calvin shook his head, mumbling to me, \"He's gettin' worse and worse.\" We got out of the carriage. Calvin had offered a hand for me to take, but I ignored him and got out on my own. He rolled his eyes, not believing that I was still upset and disturbed over D'Artagnan's death. He expected me to just forget the sight of the poor, sobbing slave begging for his life and then being ripped apart so easily. it wasn't easy in any sense of the work. A desperate, crying man who hadn't done anything wrong but run from Calvin was slaughtered by dogs. What did that say about Calvin? He was a cold, heartless asshole with no regard for humanity. That's the way I interpreted it. Lara came walking out to the front steps, her big pink dress swinging in step as she did so, that fake Southern belle smile on her face, her brown hair twirled. Calvin kissed her on the cheek and introduced her to Schultz and Django, who looked at her less than impressed. I just glared at her and didn't greet her. She did the same, the typical once over that screamed \" You're not good for my brother, you Northern whore\" in one look. I didn't think there was a person I hated more in my own home than Lara, with Stephen coming in a close second. So snobby, so hostile, so inhumane. Calvin gripped my arm gently, ready to go inside with me, until Schultz inquired about Broomhilda. According to Stephen, she tried to run away while Calvin and I were at the Cleopatra Club, and that she'd been put in the hot box for the entire day. Calvin ordered her out, and for her to be cleaned up and sent to Schultz's room afterwards. Calvin instructed that Lara was to bring Broomhilda up there to him. Curious. Why was Schultz and Django so engrossed with Broomhilda? I was still steaming from the D'Artagnan incident, so when Calvin grabbed my arm again, I ripped away from him and stormed inside and up the stairs. I could hear him laugh lightheartedly at my attitude, trying to hide his anger in front of Django and Schultz. \"You gentlemen will have to excuse my wife. Her Northern ways are a bit different from mine.\" Calvin said charmingly, \"She's a pistol. She's got a bit of a tendency to be rambunctious. So, gentlemen, I do apologize. I am weary from our travels beyond words, so it's time for me to rest my tired eyes.\" I stormed into our bedroom, shutting the door and sitting on the bed. I wanted to scream, to punch Calvin in that goddamn handsome face of his. He ruined my emotions. He made me so furious, but then I loved him. I felt like I wanted to leave him sometimes, but then realized that I didn't want to. That I wouldn't be happy with anyone else. I heard him coming up the staircase, then storming down the hall. He entered the room, yanking the door open and slamming it shut. \"What the fuck do I gotta do with you to get you to stop misbehavin'?\" Calvin snapped, throwing his hands up in the air, like he was clueless, \"Why don't cha tell me, Gwen? Enlighten me, goddamnit!\" I scoffed, narrowing my eyes at him and standing up from our bed, \"You're serious?\" \"Pretty goddamn serious.\" He replied, his blue eyes furious. \"How about you stop feeding slaves to your dogs?\" I asked him, on the brink of losing my own temper, \"How about not having a sobbing man, who's pleading for his life, begging you not to kill him, ripped apart by a bunch of vicious attack dogs? What about that?\" \"Oh, don't you even begin with that.\" Calvin growled, \"You were gonna reimburse me on my money, Gwen? Huh? With all that money you got back in Boston?\" \"Money? Money !\" I yelled at him, \"You are—if not one of— the most wealthy man in Mississippi. What the hell does five hundred dollars mean to you ?\" \"It's money! It's business!\" He yelled, pointing at me, \"You wouldn't know a fuckin' thing about that, would you, Gwen? You'd be poor as shit if it wasn't for me. You would be rottin' like a goddamn rat in a sewer back in Boston if you weren't married to me!\" \"Better off a rat, then!\" I snapped at him, and I knew I didn't mean it when it came off my lips. It wouldn't let him win, but I was a sucker for his charm. He was infuriated by that comment. He glared at me and raised his hand to hit me, but stopped himself. He roared, pointing in my face, \"I can't be bothered to even hit you! You aren't worth the strength it would take to hit you! You are an ungrateful bitch sometimes, Gwen, and every time I try to even show that love you, you reject it! So don't act like this is all my goddamn fault! You disobey and disrespect me, and that's not goin' to go, sweetheart.\" \"You slaughtered D'Artagnan! He was begging for his life ! He sobbed to you, begged you to let him live. And you slaughtered him!\" I yelled at Calvin. \"I'LL DO WITH MY NIGGERS WHATEVER I FUCKIN' WANT TO DO WITH MY NIGGERS, GODDAMNIT!\" Calvin screamed. It was one of those screams that went right through me. It made my blood run cold, and I felt a chill run up my spine. It terrified me. \"You better begin valuing life more than you do now!\" I screamed back, but I sighed. I quieted my voice and said miserably, \"'Cause I'm pregnant.\" \" What ?\" He asked in shock at my sudden confession, his eyebrows raised. \"I'm pregnant. Are you happy now?\" I asked. \"That's what you wanted, right? To get me pregnant? The question is, Calvin, are you ready to have your baby be raised here and be exposed to people being ripped apart by dogs, or having people whipped or killed in front of them? Or if we go out to the Cleopatra Club or to one of you're friends goddamn awful plantation parties, will you be okay with a slave like Cora or Stephen watching them while the two of us are gone?\" I could only imagine how the rest of the plantation would react. Having a little baby at Candieland was really difficult for me to imagine. Calvin's slaves would have a lot to talk about. Lara was going to be livid, furious that Calvin had gotten me pregnant. She'd get so infuriated, I could already picture it. \"Yeah, of course that's what I wanted!\" Calvin said, wrapping his arms around my hips, kissing my cheek, \"And I'm—I'm so happy about it, darlin'. Yet you seem pretty goddamn bitter.\" \"I'm not—\" I exhaled, attempting to calm myself down, since he seemed off the topic of our fight, \"I'm—I'm not bitter. I'm asking you if you are ready for that.\" Calvin looked down at me, \"Stop it, Gwen. You gotta stop bein' so goddamn worried 'bout stuff like that. You're havin' a baby. You're gon' make a wonderful mother. I do believe that's a bit more important, darlin'. Or am I mistaken?\" I looked up at him, \"No. No. Okay, okay. You're right.\" \"You know I really love you, don't you?\" Calvin asked, his expression serious. \"I know.\" I replied, \"I love you, too.\" He didn't reply. He just pressed his lips to mine, with a kiss that felt like he really meant it. Little did I know things weren't going to be that easy for the two of us. Trouble is a friend of mine. Review? They mean a lot![Chapter 8] Sorry it's a bit late, guys! The reviews last chapter were so lovely, as always. Thank you so, so much. Your inspiring and encouraging reviews are just...amazing. I can't thank you enough for taking so much interest in this fic. You're all truly brilliant. Again, I apologize this is late! I'm working on my second screenplay! Sorry for the length—next chapter will be much, much longer! Please review, they inspire me! EIGHT After Calvin and I had made up, we'd fooled around, then talked about how we were going to tell Lara. I didn't want to, but Calvin insisted that he wanted his sister to know that she was going to be an aunt in nine months. I refused to tell her, so Calvin did. Calvin was so thrilled that he was going to be a father, happy that he had gotten what he wanted. My problem was that Calvin Candie was going to be the father of my child. He was my husband and I loved him, but what would he teach our child? To hate African American people, to treat them like slaves? To be as abusive as Calvin was to me? I didn't want our child to grow up in Candieland, surrounded by violence, racism and hatred. I just wanted our kid to grow up in a normal household, not where their father is ordering dogs to rip people up or ordering death by hammer. If I had it my way, I would have had the baby back up North in Boston, and raise it there. Calvin despised the North, and refused to leave the deep South. Nothing was better than Mississippi in his mind, especially Boston, Massachusetts. Calvin scoffed at the thought when I had brought it up months ago when we had discussed having a baby, much to my dismay. It was either Calvin's way or nothing. So, not only was I trapped, but so was our unborn baby. It worried me that not only did I not have freedom, but the baby already didn't. I was trapped like a dog by the man I loved. I couldn't leave Calvin. I loved him. No matter how abusive he got, no matter how furious he became, he was my husband, the father of my child, my caregiver. He gave me a home to give in, wealth to live on, and more. He was a sadistic, heartless man, but he did what he did for me. He provided me with everything. I was dependent on him. Calvin had asked Cora to get Lara, who came upstairs with that fake, wrinkly grin on her face. She kissed Calvin on the cheek, so loving towards her little brother. She just gave me the usual glare. She was furious when Calvin told her, and the two of us cringed when she exploded in anger. \"You're what? \" Lara screeched at me, and Calvin grasped her shoulders, and said, \"Now, darlin', it wasn't expected, but it's a goddamn great surprise, ain't it?\" I blatantly glared at her, \"I'm pregnant. Sorry to disappoint, Lara.\" \"Calvin, how could you want to have your kids with her ?\" Lara snarled at me, then looked pleadingly to her brother, \"You don't have to be with her, darling.\" He rolled his eyes at our perpetual fighting, given that it was no surprise that the two of us fought like that. It struck a nerve, however, when she indirectly suggested that Calvin leave me, or better yet, kick me out of the house. He glared at her, shocked that his sister would even ask that of him about his pregnant wife. Calvin snapped, \"Gwen and I are married, darlin'. It was bound to happen at one point or another. They'll be none of that, Lara. I won't hear it. Ain't you happy you're gonna be an aunt?\" \"And see a little version of her paddling around the plantation?\" Lara snapped at him, but looking at me, \"No thank you!\" She stormed out of the room after that, and Calvin just said to let her be, she would get over it. I didn't argue. I didn't care what she thought. She wasn't part of our marriage. She was just my husband's obnoxious, snooty sister that got into everyone's business. Calvin exclaimed how excited he was about the new baby, pride overtaking him. \"Gwen, don't you listen to her,\" Calvin reassured, running a hand through my hair, \"There is no other woman I would rather be with than you, darlin'.\" I looked up to him, giving him a weak smile. He pressed his lips to mine, and left me to get ready, sending the maids up to get me ready and cleaned up for tonight. I wore a dark red, low-cut dress with my hair down. I hated having my hair twirled around like a Southern belle, so I kept it down and simple, with the help of Cora and the girls. Once they finished, I thanked them and dismissed them. I stopped when I heard talking in the other room next to me and Calvin's bedroom. It was German, and Schultz was speaking to Broomhilda in the language. I didn't speak a word of German, but it sounded like it was a deep conversation. I bit my lip. I really didn't know anything about Django and Schultz. Neither did Calvin. He was trusting them, blindly. They were travelers that said they were interested in the Mandingo business. Yet, there had been so many signs that had turned against were extremely inexperienced from the looks of it. There had been so many signs that had turned against that. Schultz seemed to absolutely hate Mandingo fighting and slavery in general. He was German, and as far as she knew, not many Europeans practiced slavery. He had squirmed and looked highly disturbed when Calvin had been rooting on Fred to kill the other Mandingo back at the Cleopatra Club. I didn't believe that they were at our plantation of Mandingo fighting. Thank God. I pushed a strand of pale blond hair out of my eyes, tucking it behind my ear. I heard talking, then a pause. A door opened, then a thump. A loud thump. My heart almost stopped. Were they hurting Broomhilda? What was that noise? Why the hell did they request Broomhilda to go up the room for Schultz? Then it hit me. Django and Broomhilda shared the same runaway slave brand in the same spot, on the left, upper cheek. And as simply as that, I knew that they somehow knew each other. Marriage? Brother and sister? I leaned more towards marriage, but I wasn't quite sure. I quickly ran out of me and Calvin's bedroom, out to the hardwood flooring of the massive upstairs hallway. Downstairs, dinner was being made for everyone to sit down at. I came to Schultz's room, and yanked open the door without knocking, against my usual manners. It was impulsive. Schultz sat on the bed, staring at me, surprised. Broomhilda yelped, and Django was holding her in an embrace. His eyes grew wide. The three of them looked terrified that Calvin's wife had caught them, that their act was spent. \"Madame Candie, I—\" Broomhilda gasped. \"Tell me what's happening,\" I replied, and looked to Schultz and Django, \"Tell me who you two really are. I know you're not here for Mandingo fighters. You've got Calvin fooled, but not me. The jig's up. Who are you, and what do you want? Are you here to hurt anyone?\" The two of them looked at each other, unsure of whether or not to tell the truth.. \"I'm not telling Calvin.\" I added, \"I may be married to him, but that doesn't mean I tell him everything. I'm not like him.\" Schultz looked at Django and Broomhilda, then to me. He cleared his throat, and straightened the end of his beard before he spoke, \"I'm Dr. King Schultz, as you know already. But I'm not a Mandingo man. I'm a bounty hunter. Django here is really my associate, but not a slaver. He has come from Texas to take back what's his, Broomhilda.\" I looked at Broomhilda, who nodded. \"He's your husband?\" I asked her, nodding at Django. She nodded again, \"Yes, ma'am. Please, please don't tell Monsieur Candie. Please .\" Django glared at me, beginning to take out his gun, \"You tell, you die.\" I looked at him with sincerity. \"You don't need to tell me, Django. I meant what I said. Just because Calvin is my husband doesn't mean we think the same. It doesn't mean that I agree with him or that I like what he does. He's a psycho. My husband is an abusive bastard with no soul and I'm pretty sure he doesn't have a goddamn heart, either. What really—what can you do? You don't choose who you fall in love with. It just happens. You love who you love. I love Calvin. It's no different than you and Broomhilda. You came all the way from Texas to retrieve the woman that you love. Why would I sabatoge and sever that tie that you have?\" Django looked at me, suspicious. \"You mean that?\" \"Why wouldn't I?\" I asked, \"I'm not like the monster I married. You clearly see that Calvin and I don't see things the same. I'm willing to help you, the both of you. Calvin will not buy it that you randomly want Broomhilda. You need to play up the Mandingo fighter more, as much as you and I may hate those goddamn fights. You can trick him. But you have to be careful of Stephen. Very careful. He will pick up on the littlest of detail, you have to believe me when I say that. He's like Calvin's guard dog. Always on edge, always watching. Always ready to start trouble.\" \"You're the wife of Calvin Candie.\" Django snapped, \"The wife of a man who we just witnessed order attack dogs rip a man apart. Why should we trust you? You could be trickin' us right where we stand.\" \"I know,\" I said, and sighed \"But I'm not. I tried to stop it. Just like I'm trying to stop him from catching you before he or Stephen does.\" Broomhilda gave me a weak smile, \"Thank you, Madame Candie.\" \"Why you helpin' us?\" Django asked, narrowing his eyes at me, \"What the fuck's in it for you?\" I looked at Django, my eyes glassy, \"You're not the only one searching for freedom from Calvin Candie.\" Dinner was served in the dining room. After reaching an agreement with Django, Schultz and Broomhilda to help them escape Candieland unharmed and out of Calvin and Stephen's clutches. It would not be easy, and if I was caught in helping them in their plot, the punishment would be severe, painful, and terrifying. But would Calvin lay a hand on me while I was pregnant? I guessed that he wouldn't, I didn't think that Calvin would go that far. Then again, he was Calvin Candie, so nothing would particularly surprise me. I realized I was betraying and defying my husband with two strangers and a house slave, but why is that bad? Django and Broomhilda were husband and wife, who truly, deeply loved each other. Seeing them together, thrilled to be in each other's presence every second, saddened me. What was it like, to be so in love that you didn't do anything but love the other without violence and vicious fighting? What was marriage like without the fighting and crying? At times I wondered how the two of us, two opposites—a Southern, wealthy jerk and a Northern poor girl—got to be married. So it was arranged by my mother. But how did Calvin and I begin to love each other, like really love each other? Not just forcibly love each other? Calvin loved me, and I loved him, but we weren't like Broomhilda and Django. They were kind to each other, gentle, calm. They didn't scream at each other, threaten each other or hit each other any time either of them got mad. I wondered what a marriage like that would be like. Calvin led me from the stairs and into the dinning room, and I sat beside him at the head of the table. He puffed on his cigarette, blowing out rings of smoke with a smug look on his handsome face. He had a hand on my thigh, keeping his wife that was in delicate condition safely under his watchful blue eyes. If you asked me, he was being more possessive than Calvin usually was. I was nervous under his watch, subconsciously feeling paranoid that Calvin knew of the plans that I had made with Broomhilda, Schultz and Django, even though I knew Calvin was clueless. I was so nervoius under his watchful eye. I felt like he knew, even though I knew he didn't. He was so malicious, so sneaky. There was no worse feeling than lying to the man that has sole power over you, to the man that is like a snake, to the man that you married. To the man you love. At dinner and during friendly conversation, Calvin was proud as ever due to the new pregnancy news. He stood up, and raised his glass of bourbon, and announced the pregnancy. \"To my beautiful Gwen,\" He repeated, remembering the toast he had given me earlier. \"And to the little soon-to-be addition to the Candie family. I love you more than life itself, darlin'.\" It's like I wanted to get out, but Calvin was holding me down. And I couldn't live without him. Review? They mean a lot![Chapter 9] Hey guys! I need to say my deepest, deepest apologies for stalling and not publishing this. It's taken me a while to write/edit this chapter due to writer's block, so expect the regular updates now! Again, I'm so sorry for the wait! I hope you still like it! Let me know with a review, please! NINE \"Look, Monsieur Candie.\" Schultz said, \"Your mandingos were good. But Sampson, Goldie and Eskimo Joe were your best.\" I sat at the dinner table. My heart throbbed in anxiety, out of the corner of my eye watching Calvin. I was terrified that he would be on to us, on to me, but he didn't seem to notice anything suspicious. Calvin listened to Schultz, but noticed I was looking at him and gave me a small smile, reassuringly putting his hand on my thigh under the table and giving it a loving squeeze. I gave him a weak, feeble smile in return. The candles's flames on the table twisted and danced, illuminating the cherry wood dining room. It was such a overly-expensive looking room, with furnishings of red, black and brown. A chandelier hung in the middle of the room above the dinner table. It was like the rest of the plantation, expensive looking and overdone. Calvin loved it that way, nevertheless, just liked he liked his clothes and everything else but me. \"I mean, clearly Sampson's your best. Now I know you won't sell him, nor will you ever sell him.\" Schultz said, shrugging, \"He's a champion.\" \"All three,\" Calvin corrected, holding up three fingers, \"Are champions.\" Django chimed in, \"Sampson's a champion. The other two are just pretty good.\" I looked at Calvin, who had that happy yet irritated as hell look on his face, like someone was testing his patience but he was trying to contain his anger behind a smile. Stephen looked at Calvin in shock, surprised beyond belief that he would let an African American talk to him like that. Stephen stood next to Calvin and I, \"Are you gonna let him talk to ya like that?\" \"Stephen, Stephen. Relax.\" Calvin snipped. One of the kitchen maids went to fill my glass with champagne, but Calvin quickly covered the top of the glass with his hand before she could fill it, \"No, no. No champagne for Gwen. Get her water.\" \"Yes, Monsieur Candie.\" The maid bowed a bit to the two of us, and quickly sauntered into the kitchen. I glared at Calvin, questioningly looking at him, \" Why ?\" With Calvin talking about Mandingos in my ear, and the stress and anxiety that was happening internally right now, I needed alcohol. \"I heard alcohol's not good for the baby.\" Calvin explained, putting a hand on my abdomen, \"And there's not a goddamn chance that I'm gonna risk that shit, Gwen.\" I glared at him, but I let it go. Now that the baby was in me, he was going to treat me this way. Gentle, and he would probably ease up on the hitting, at least for now. I bit my lip to stop any back talk that I wanted to say, and was patient. The way I saw it, at least Calvin was looking out for not only me but his child. He rarely did sporadic acts of kindness, so I didn't take it for granted. I sighed, and smiled a little at him. He kissed my cheek, his scent of cologne and bourbon encompassing me yet again. I put a hand of his that was resting on my thigh under the table. He turned to me and flashed me another small smile, and I leaned my head on his shoulder in affection. As Calvin discussed the Mandingos and showmanship with Schultz, my mind drifted to Django and Broomhilda. The way they were together, how loving and beautiful their relationship was. Now that I was pregnant, I wanted Calvin and I to have that kind of a relationship. What kind of an example would we be setting for our child if we were arguing and yelling at each other all the time? How would the child feel about their mother hating their father? I didn't want the endless fighting to go on anymore. I just wanted to begin really loving Calvin Candie. I knew it was going to be very difficult in situations like Mandingos and other awful things he did. In those times, I hated him more than anyone I've ever met. When my attention was snapped out of my thoughts, Calvin was still talking to Schultz about showmanship. \"Dr. Schultz, I can assure you, there is no one here who appreciates showmanship more than Mr. Calvin J. Candie.\" He laughed charmingly, and Stephen laughed right with him. They both stopped, however, when Broomhilda leaned over Schultz and placed a plate in front of him. He smiled at her and she smiled back, and he thanked her in German. \"Well, well, well,\" Calvin said smugly, \"Looks like you two are gettin' along.\" Schultz laughed heartedly, \"Well, Monsieur Candie, you can't imagine what it's like to not hear your native tongue in four years.\" Calvin gave a sinister, smug grin to Schultz, stubbing out his cigarette on the edge of his red China plate, \"I mean hell, I can't imagine two weeks in Boston.\" Stephen burst out laughing and I glared at Calvin. He said that to purposely mock me. He'd gone to Boston once for a few days with me to visit my family a year after we were married. I had gotten homesick and Calvin had rolled his eyes and said to make me happy, he'd take me to Boston. When we arrived, he stuck out like sore thumb. He wore expensive, handsome clothes and had the thickest accent that anyone in the North End had ever heard. After two days Calvin erupted at me and said he couldn't take Massachusetts anymore, that we had to go back home to the plantation in Mississippi. I remembered that I argued with him that I missed Boston, that it was my home. He was quick and cruel in correcting me that Mississippi and Candieland was my home now, and that we were leaving the \"God forsaken hellhole\" that was Boston, Massachusetts. I sadly said goodbye to my mother and siblings, and was off back to the deep South with my possessive husband. I hadn't gone back to Boston since. He thought that everyone in Boston was trash, and I snapped at him and told him that that was my family he was talking about. He scoffed it off and was just happy we were on our way back to Mississippi. Everyone at the table erupted in laughter. Lara, Leo, Calvin and Stephen. I shrugged Calvin's hand off my leg, and instantly he knew he had annoyed me. \"Aw, c'mon now, Gwen. It's all just a good bit of fun.\" Calvin said, and I backed out of my seat, \"Excuse me.\" I got up and went into the kitchen. I could hear Calvin laughing off my little fit, explaining everything to Schultz and Django, \"Gwen's from Boston. She's pretty goddamn proud of it. She's got the temper to prove it. Quite the Northerner, ain't she?\" The girls in the kitchen looked at me, surprised that I was back there during a dinner party. I bit my lip to contain my annoyance. Every little thing Calvin did lately just annoyed me so much. I tried to think that I would try to tolerate him more, but it was difficult. He was possessive and didn't understand anything from my standpoint. I married a villain. I married trouble in human form. Cora approached me as I leaned against the counter, and said gently, \"Can I get ya anything, Madame Candie?\" I looked up at her, and gave her a weak, genuine smile. \"I'm fine, Cora. You've been working hard all night. Why don't you and the girls take a break? If Stephen or Calvin annoys you for it, tell them I said it was okay.\" Cora smiled brightly at me, \"Thank you, Madame Candie. Thank you.\" She exited the room, and the girls helping in the kitchen followed her. The last one leaving was Broomhilda, but I stopped her quickly. I grabbed her arm gently and brought her next to me, and said, \"You can't keep looking at Django. Lara or Stephen, even Calvin, might notice it. It's too risky, Broomhilda.\" \"I know. I'm sorry.\" Broomhilda squeaked, \"I just, I can't help it, Madame Candie. I haven't seen Django in so long, I just...\" She was stammering. She was really nervous, and I felt bad for her. I took her hand. \"It's okay,\" I soothed, \"Just be more careful. Calvin's smarter than we realize.\" In an instant, Calvin came walking into the kitchen, strutting in with a serious expression on his face. Broomhilda looked down when he entered the kitchen out of respected for the master of the house, and she excused herself, giving me a quick look and then exiting into the foyer outside. \"Speak of the devil...\" I muttered under my breath. \"What you doin' in here, darlin'?\" He asked, his right eyebrow arched, \"You know I was just jokin', don't ya?\" I looked at him knowingly, \"Sure you were, Calvin.\" \"Gwen, why are you bein' like this? Especially in front of our guests and our customers?\" He asked, \"I mean darlin', I love your feistiness and all, but you've been so fussy lately. I don't know if it's the hormones or whatever, but if I say one thing and ya lose your temper. You get so easily upset. I'm sorry if I said somethin' you didn't like, Gwen. Really, I am. I just want ya to be happy, that's all.\" I stared at him for a minute. Calvin Candie was apologizing to me. My husband, who never apologized, who always pretended he wasn't the reason why I cried or was upset, was really apologizing to me. Maybe he was trying to stop fighting with me for a change, just how I had been thinking. Maybe things with Calvin were going to go smooth after all. Maybe the two of us raising a baby would go much better than I envisioned it. Maybe he would make a good father to our baby if he was willing to change. \"You're apologizing?\" I asked, \"To me ? You're seriously apologizing? You never apologize.\" He looked a bit impatient, given that he had just caved and said he sorry, yet I was making him repeat it. His blue eyes bared into mine, and he exhaled. \" Yes , Gwendolyn. I'm apologizin' to you.\" When he called me Gwendolyn, which was very rarely, I knew he was being serious and he wanted me to pay attention to what he was saying. I felt bad that I had blown up at him. He hadn't really done anything that terrible at dinner besides make fun of the place where I was from, but that wasn't a sin. I looked at him and his handsome face. I always had a hard time staying furious or irritated with Calvin for too long. He had this handsome face and this charm about him that made my knees tremble and my cheeks blush. When he was being sensitive and gentle, like he was now, it was a rare occurrence. I never took it for granted, either. \"It's okay,\" I sighed, \"It's okay. I forgive you, Calvin. I just, I don't know. I've just been really upset lately. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have blown up at you like that. I need to work on it. Really, I do.\" I ran a hand through my hair. He snaked his hands around my hips, looking at me like the snake he was, his charming blue eyes searching mine. He looked worried about me. When he looked at me like that, he made me feel like the luckiest woman on the planet. I remember when I first met Calvin, my mother kept saying how lucky I was to be taken under the wing of a man so powerful and wealthy. I remembered scoffing at her, not believing that she matched me up with a crazy fuck like Calvin. Yet, when I first saw him I couldn't believe how handsome he was and how charming he was, smoking a cigarette and glancing at me with those bright blue eyes that were hard to avoid. He was contagious, and instantly I knew what my mother was talking about. I was in his sights the instant he met me. He didn't care that I wasn't a Southern belle with a charming accent and expensive attributes, and I guess I liked that. I knew he was trouble when he walked into my life. He bowed to me, gave me a smug yet charming grin, and kissed my hand. The rest is history. He was so handsome, so charming. It was hard not to be attracted to him. He would support me no matter what. He was the father of my baby. He was Calvin, and right at that moment I realized I wouldn't want to be with anyone else. The fighting made our relationship stronger, and I realized that I really loved him without a doubt. \"I love you, Gwen.\" Calvin said, his expression serious, \"Even if ya think I'm a heartless bastard.\" It was so weird. I had these moments where I just loved him unconditionally and I would laugh at someone if they suggested otherwise. Then there were moments were I hated him so much that I was ready to pack my things and leave his plantation and never look back. I really wanted to change that. I wanted to always feel like the plantation with Calvin was my home, not just sometimes. I wanted the times we had sex to be loving, not aggressive and hateful like when the baby was conceived. I wanted to always love Calvin, not just sometimes. I stared at him. \"I love you, too.\" I choked out in a whisper. He leaned in and kissed me. It was a genuine kiss, with passion, but gentle. I pressed my mouth to his and held the back of his neck while we kissed. A kiss with Calvin hadn't been this genuine in a while. Still, in the back of my mind I still remembered what he had done earlier in the day, slaughtering D'Artagnan while he begged for his life. Flashes of the poor slave being ripped apart were suddenly flashing in my mind, and I broke away from Calvin. He looked at me and said, offering his arm to me, \"Will ya come on back to dinner, Gwen?\" I nodded, giving him a feeble smile. I reached out and accepted his arm, snaking it around my own. Little did he know, I was helping Django and Broomhilda. I loved him. Yet, I was stabbing him in the back in front of his very eyes. Reviews would be lovely![Chapter 10] To my lovely readers, I sincerely apologize for the lack of updating. School was insane and finals are awful. I'll be updating regularly, and I hope you are still interested in this story! Here's chapter ten! Let me know what you think! Thank you! TEN Crickets were chirping in the summer Mississippi night as I took my seat next to Calvin again, him guiding me into the dining room with his hand clutched around my hip. Before he sat down, he squeezed my shoulders lovingly, then leaned down and kissed my cheek. Lara glared at me as her brother gave me affection. She was still infuriated that Calvin had impregnated me and that I was now carrying the daughter or son of Calvin. It was tearing her up inside knowing that there was no turning back. Calvin loved me and I loved him, no matter how violent or disturbing our relationship became or was; we were having a baby together, and there was no turning back. Lara could not try to set Calvin up with one of her snooty, mean, Southern belle friends of hers anymore. Calvin was my husband, just as I was his wife, and there was no turning back from here. I smiled a little bit at him, and I watched him as he straightened up the cuffs of his shirt and cleared his throat, sitting beside me once more. His stubbed-out cigarette was still smoldering on one of our China plates, a beautiful China set given to us by Calvin's parents as a wedding gift. The little stream of smoke danced in the air. I sometimes felt like the most privileged and proud young woman in the world, being married to Calvin Candie. He was handsome, unimaginably wealthy, he had the biggest and most valuable plantation in Mississippi, and wanted to spoil me. He was infamous in Mississippi and everyone in the South seemed to love him. Yet, I didn't fit. \"I'm sorry for the interruption, gentlemen. Now, where were we?\" Calvin said, smiling pleasantly and reaching an arm around me, \"I believe we were discussin' the purchase of my Mandingos.\" I looked at Django and Schultz, shifting my eyes to them to tell them to make this believable without actually speaking the words. \"We were sayin' that Eskimo Joe is a quality nigga,\" Django said cooly, \"No doubt about it. But if it was my money, I wouldn't pay no twelve thousand dollars for 'im.\" Schultz looked at Django, \"Then what would your price be?\" \"To be generous, nine thousand. Maybe .\" Django said, with a bit of arrogance in his voice. I looked a little to Broomhilda, who looked at Django with nervousness. They needed to be careful, looking at each other like that. My biggest fear was that Stephen was going to notice their perpetual exchanging looks and know right away that something was up. I looked to Calvin, who ran a hand down his goatee and scoffed a bit, giving Schultz a smug little smile. \"Dr. Schultz, may I remind you how this little—uh— negotiation process works. You see, it wasn't me who came to you to sell a nigga. It was you who approached me to buy one. Now, that nine thousand dollar figure that Bright Boy's been proposin' ain't that far off. But if I wanted to sell Eskimo Joe for that, I could do so any day of the week.\" Stephen was occasionally chiming in and agreeing with Calvin, as always. There wasn't a person I distrusted more on the plantation than Stephen. He rubbed me the wrong way, and I would never, ever forgive him for telling on me the night that Calvin raped me. Stephen was a seedy, mean and scary man, who betrayed his own race and kissed Calvin's ass more than Lara and Calvin's friends did. \"But like you said in Greenville, Doctor, I don't wanna sell him. It was your ridiculous offer of twelve thousand dollars than even made me consider it.\" Calvin snarled, lighting up his cigarette and inhaling deeply, blowing out the smoke through his nose. \"You know, Monsieur Candie,\" Schultz said, pretending to think, \"You really are the master of persuasion.\" Calvin gave a devilish smirk with his cigarette and it's holder hanging out of his mouth. It was the same look he gave me the night I met him and the deal was sealed that we would be married; it was the malicious look that he knew he had won. It gave me chills down my spine. It reminded me of everything my husband was, and just hoe much of a slimy bastard he was. That look of narcissism, triumph, and malice. In my marriage to Calvin, there was always pressure to go on or retreat at every turn. I always felt like the weight of the world was on my shoulders. Calvin's malice and maniacal tendencies put so much stress on me. \"Nevertheless, I'll do it!\" Schultz said, happily slamming his fist on the table, \"It's a deal.\" Calvin grinned, the cigarette tight between his teeth. He slammed his fist on the table, startling me. \"Sold! To the man with the beard.\" \"Wonderful!\" Schultz exclaimed, \"However, twelve thousand dollars is a great sum of money...and as I can see, you have a lawyer, and I have a lawyer. Now I would feel more comfortable if my lawyer was to draw up a contract, as I don't know if I'm comfortable with exchanging that amount of money without legal documentation. Say I would return in...five days?\" \"Five days?\" Calvin repeated, holding up a hand and blowing out more smoke. \"Yes, and I will bring my lawyer who can talk with Mr. Moguy. They can sort out the details, all the technicalities, all that.\" Schultz said, waving his hand about absentmindedly, as if the subject matter was petty. \"To that I say splendid, Doctor.\" Calvin said, a serious look on his handsome face, \"Splendid.\" Calvin tapped the end of his cigarette on the China plate, the ash falling from the smoldering end and falling on the flawless China. He smirked and raised his champagne glass, \"Let me propose a toast. To Eskimo Joe—or rather, Black Hercules.\" I didn't want to toast to the selling of a slave or a Mandingo, but I needed to play along; I needed to act along with Schultz and Django. I bit my lip and put on the best acted smile that I could, and lifted my flute of water, and clashed it with Calvin. He smiled a little and winked at me, his bright blue eyes watching me intently. When he looked at me like that I always felt like I was squirming around in my skin; he was looking at me with genuine love and something else. Happiness . Calvin set his champagne glass down on the cherry wood dinner table, and curled me to him in his arms again. Calvin smirked a little and looked to Broomhilda, \"Broomhilda, top off me and Gwen's drink.\" Without making eye contact with him, Broomhilda silently took the jug of wine from the side table and poured red wine into Calvin's class. She retrieved the jug of water and did the same for me, and Calvin looked at her with what I sensed was arrogance. \"So, Hildie. What do you think, servin' at the big table and in the big house, huh?\" Calvin said, looking up at her with his intimidating blue eyes. Broomhilda looked to me, not quite positive if she should answer my husband or not, looking to me for the solution. \" Madame Candie didn't ask you a question, Monsieur Candie did. You answer the question if Monsieur Candie asks you one.\" Stephen snapped, standing beside Calvin and I as we sat at the table. I glared at little at Stephen, but he didn't catch my glare. \"I—I like it a lot, Monsieur Candie.\" Broomhilda squeaked, smiling a little in order to please Calvin. Calvin grinned, twirling a strand of my blond hair affectionately with the hand that was around my shoulders, \"Good, good. It's a lot better than sizzlin' in that hot box, or gettin' your ass tangled in that bramble bush. Not as good as pleasurin' all them Mandingos, huh?\" \" Calvin .\" I hissed. Before Calvin could defend himself, Stephen hobbled over to Broomhilda, and said, \"Monsieur Candie, maybe Dr. Shultz wants 'ta see Hildie's lashings on her back, seein' as there aren't many niggas from he comes from.\" \"Dr. Schultz,\" Calvin smirked, \"When you were alone with Broomhildie here, did ya'll just speak German or did ya—\" Calvin tapped the lower front of Broomhilda's dress, \"—take her clothes off?\" \"No, no! W—we just talked.\" Schultz said, baffled at being questioned. Django looked infuriated, boiling angry. His eyes were set on Calvin, in his mind calculating how fast and easy it would be to put a bullet in Calvin's heart right now. \" Calvin !\" I snapped, \" Stop it. That's humiliating.\" \" What , Gwen? I'm just showin' the good doctor what he might wanna see. Stephen's right, Dr. Schultz. You might find this interestin'.\" Calvin said, and clapped his hands together and looked at Broomhilda, \"Hildie, take off your dress now. Take off your dress and show Dr. Schultz your back, ya here? Go on.\" Stephen began untying the back of Broomhilda's black and white housemaid dress, and she was trembling. Tears glassed over her venerable eyes. I felt my heart throbbing in humiliation for Broomhilda, and I looked to Django. He was staring at Broomhilda, then to Calvin, with unbelievable hatred and fury. I opened with my mouth to speak, but Lara's fake, sweet voice interrupted me. \"Calvin, I just got her dressed up and lookin' nice.\" Lara commented. \"Dr. Schultz is from Dusselldorf. They don't got niggas from where he's from.\" Calvin said. \"He's a man of medicine. I'm sure he'd be impressed and fascinated by this nigga's tolerance for pain These niggas are tough, Dr. Schultz. Look here, Hildie's got about five peelings here on her back. Look at that, it's like a paintin'!.\" Calvin traced the scars with his forefinger. Broomhilda's expression was of pure humiliation, embarrassment and sadness, as Stephen swirled her around and revealed her back. Whip scars scattered her back, deep lashings that looked painful and downright torturous. I grimaced. I could feel my blood boiling under my skin, infuriation seeping up into my veins and to my flesh. Calvin was barbaric, inhumane and degrading. I snapped. \" Calvin !\" I shouted, standing up. The whole table looked alarmed. I glared at my husband, \"That's goddamn degrading . I don't want to see her scarred back and neither does anyone else at this table. It's embarrassing.\" Calvin stared at me with raised eyebrows, surprised at my outburst as always. He released Broomhilda hesitantly, not taking his eyes off of me. Calvin gave me a long, grudging stare and then looked to Stephen. \"Fine. Fine. After dinner, Stephen. After dinner. It's what Gwen wants.\" \" Cora !\" Lara shouted, her voice cruel. \"Come get this girl!\" Cora came walking out of the kitchen, the door swinging behind her. She glanced at Broomhilda and gasped at her bare, open back. \"What have you done, girl? You were all cleaned up and nice! Come over here!\" Cora scolded. \"Cora, it isn't her fault.\" I said, \"She didn't do it on purpose.\" Cora paused, then looked at me and nodded. \"I understand, Madame Candie. I understand.\" Cora whisked Broomhilda out of the dining room and into the kitchen, Stephen following. I was about to follow them into the kitchen to assure that Broomhilda was okay and that Stephen would not harass her; to check in with her to reminder her to stay calm, but Calvin stopped me. My hand was on the door, as I was about to push the swinging, cherry wood door to the kitchen open. \"Sit your pretty ass down, Gwendolyn.\" Calvin snapped without looking around at me. His voice was stern and serious, and I knew that I better obey. So much for our talk in the kitchen earlier , I thought. \"You and our baby better rest, darlin'. Don't cha think?\" He asked, but what Calvin really meant—but didn't dare say in front of guests and customers—was get your ass on that seat and shut that goddamn nigger-loving mouth or I'll shut it for ya, darlin'. I stopped, my hand sliding down from the door. I hesitantly returned to my seat at the dinner table, exchanging nervous looks with Schultz and Django. I adjusted myself and my dress on the chair and looked down at my lap, where Calvin had a grip on my thigh possessively. I was like his own personal slave . Schultz cleared his throat, \"Now, Monsieur Candie, I believe you said earlier that you'd be willing to part with Hildie?\" Calvin nodded, smiling calmly, and tapped his smoldering cigarette on the China dish. \"Yes, I most certainly did.\" \"Then I would like to propose another proposition.\" Schultz said excitedly, luring Calvin right into his trap. \"I'm all ears,\" Calvin said, inhaling from his cigarette. But before the conversation continued and the trap would be set for my husband, Stephen entered the room again, shouting at someone in the kitchen over his shoulder, then calling Calvin's name. \" Stephen !\" Calvin growled, \"You just interrupted Dr. Schultz!\" Stephen looked at the doctor, \"I apologize, Dr. Schultz. But look here, Calvin, I gotta talk to you in the kitchen.\" \"What the hell could be so melodramatic that would need me to get up out of my chair and go into the goddamn kitchen?\" Calvin snapped, glaring up at Stephen. \"It's...it's about desert.\" Stephen said hesitantly, \"I'd rather talk about it in private.\" \"What about desert?\" Calvin scoffed, \"We're serving white cake, for Christ's sake. Stop bein' overdramatic, Stephen.\" \"Yes sir, Monsieur Candie. I'll take care of it. I'll handle it myself.\" Stephen said loudly for Schultz and Django to hear, but then muttered so only Calvin heard, \"Meet me in the library.\" I heard Stephen murmur this to Calvin. The hair on the back of my neck raised in fear and anxiety, and I knew. Stephen knew , or at least, he was suspicious. Calvin stopped being annoyed at Stephen for a moment, and looked at Stephen with curiosity. Calvin exhaled the cigarette smoke through his nose, wondering to himself why Stephen wanted to see him so urgently. \"I don't understand why you don't come talk to these niggers. Shit gets fucked up around here and you blame me.\" Stephen mumbled grumpily. \"Alright, Stephen, alright. I'll be along momentarily.\" Calvin said, putting a palm up, watching the head slave exit the dining room and disappear into the kitchen. Calvin looked to Schultz and Django, and stood up. \"Now, gentlemen, as talented as they may be in the kitchen, you must understand that—from time to time—adult supervision is required.\" He added a charming, light laugh. \"So, if you will excuse me.\" Calvin turned and pressed his mouth to mine. He encompassed me with his scent—expensive cologne, cigarette smoke, and bourbon. At that moment I wanted to just get away with Calvin and not be entangled in this mess of betraying him. I wanted everyone to go away—just me and him, living on this plantation as husband and wife, no one else. No Stephen, no Lara, no slaves, no one but the two of us. Why was that such a difficult thing to do? I wanted to be out of this mess, without anyone getting hurt in the process—not only Django, Schultz and Broomhilda—but Calvin, too. \"I'll be back, sweetheart.\" Calvin said. He cupped my chin in his hand and looked down at me, giving me a small smile. He dropped his hand and exited the dining room, strutting through the kitchen door and disappearing. I looked at Schultz and Django, worriedly exchanging looks with them. Stephen was suspicious—and he was about to tell Calvin. I stood up quickly. I threw my napkin on the China dish and sauntered out of the dining room, making my way to the kitchen and walking out into the main foyer. I walked to the door of Calvin's library. I stood before the doors, my hands on the handles. I stopped when I heard Stephen's voice through the wooden door. \"Them niggers know it each other. Calvin, you're bein' played a fool.\" My eyes widened, my ears pressed to the door. There was a silence, then Calvin snapped. \"Sons of bitches .\" Please review? They inspire me![Chapter 11] Hi readers! Here's a bit of a change. I'm giving an insight to Calvin and Gwen BEFORE Django Unchained. I've mentioned a bunch of events that happened between them in past chapters, so I thought that it would be interesting to do a \"flashback\" chapter. I hope you like it! I'm working on the next one already, where we'll go back to the present and the impending violence & drama. Hope you like it! Please review - it inspires me! ELEVEN \"Mother, I can't go through with this. I don't...I don't even know if I love him.\" I stared at myself in the mirror in the upstairs guest room in the Candie plantation. It was a hot July evening, around five o'clock. The sun was impatiently hanging in the sky through the willow trees in the backyard and creating a pinkish, orange sky with stringy clouds to accompany them. I stared at my reflection. Staring back at me was a very young woman. My expression was terrified, my eyes were blurred over with tears. A beautiful summer wedding gown clung to my figure, white with lace that showed off my shoulder. My veil hung behind me, with a necklace that Calvin bought me as a wedding gift. My hair was curled to fall in blond ringlets. I looked like a doll; a girl who was dressed as someone she really wasn't. I didn't even recognize myself in the reflection. I hated the tight feeling of the corset that wrapped around my torso. The dress was given to me as a present from Calvin's parents, as my family could never afford a dress like this one. Not even if we sold our tin box apartment in back in Boston. Cora was straightening out my dress for me, and a few of the house slaves were helping me with my hair. They were getting me ready to wed their master, the monster of Mississippi, the master of the house. My mother excused the girls, and I thanked them quietly. It was just my mother and I in the beautiful guest room that Calvin's family had prepared for us. My mother's reflection stood next to me in the mirror, and she grabbed my shoulders, bringing me to look at her. She looked like me a bit; I'd gotten her eyes, while I'd gotten my father's blond hair. My mother looked at me lovingly, the wrinkles around her kind eyes crinkling at the sides when she gave me a sad smile. She was greying, getting older. \"Sweetheart, I know this isn't easy. But Calvin's a good man. He'll love you, take care of you. You'll never run out of money. You'll never have to worry again about clothes, or food, or if you'll have a roof over your head at night. He owns this plantation, Gwendolyn, and he's in love with you. He's dying to marry you.\" My mother said, cupping a hand to my cheek tenderly. I looked away, really trying not to let my older mother see tears brimming my eyes, \"Calvin isn't a good man.\" My mother tightened the corset's strings. \"Gwendolyn, please.\" She said weakly, \"I know you don't love him, not yet. But you will, in time. Please, give Calvin a chance. He would give you the world if he could.\" \"He owns slaves.\" I choked out quietly. \"You know how vile that really is? It's inhuman. It's disgusting! He think's he's so charming, I can see right through—\" \" Gwendolyn Dawson !\" My mother snapped, but closed her eyes, trying to stay patient with me. \"I know, I know. You're going to have to live with it, sweetheart. I'm sorry. This marriage is going to change the rest of your life. You're going to be with a charming, loving and extremely successful man who wants nothing more than to make you happy. You will marry Calvin. Any girls your age would kill to be Calvin Candie's wife. He's one of the wealthiest men in Mississippi, if not the wealthiest.\" \"I'm not any girl.\" I muttered, but my mother didn't hear me. She was too busy making the finishing touches to my appearance so I would be ready for Calvin, tugging the corset strings, making it harder to breathe. I felt like I was drowning. I looked to my right, out the massive bay window out to the backyard. The wedding was beginning. As I descended down the staircase, I clutched the bannister with a death grip. I felt my heart beating loud, throbbing in my chest with anxiety. I was flanked by my mother and three house maids, helping me down the grand staircase with my wedding dress. My mother left me in the dining room, where I was to wait until the music played and I was to walk down the aisle. My mother went ahead to get her seat up front for the wedding. The house maids went back to their duties, as they weren't allowed at the wedding. I stood in the dining room alone, in my beautiful wedding dress. I felt like I was going to die. My life was flashing before my eyes. I was so young and I was being married off to a man who I didn't know, a rich Southerner with a handsome face that any girl would murder to be with. I was almost positive that his sister hated me, the way Lara Candie-Fitzwilly looked at me when Calvin announced that he and I would be married a few nights prior. Everything was going too fast. Calvin was so handsome and so charming. He made me weak in the knees, but I couldn't get over his enthusiasm for slavery. I felt myself buckle under the anxiety, and I choked out a sob. I put a hand over my eyes and cried, cupping both my hands over my face. I let out a wail. Now that I was alone, my emotions couldn't control themselves. I was crying, hard. If only I could see myself. A young woman, crying alone on her wedding day. I must've been loud, because Cora came into the room. She looked appalled that I was crying; she quickly entered the room and shut the doors securely behind her. She rushed in, coming to my side and grasping my forearms, \"Miss Dawson, don't cry now. Don't you cry. It's your weddin' day. Ya'll should be happy.\" I sniffled, choking out another sob, \"I can't do it, Cora. I can't marry Calvin. I can't marry him.\" \"Aw, come now, Miss Dawson.\" Cora soothed, \"Don't ya think like that. Monsieur Candie's gonna take real good care of you, ma'am.\" \"Everything's just happening too quick.\" I choked out, my breath quick and uneven between sobs, \"I'm afraid.\" Cora looked me in the eyes, taking both my hands in hers, \"Don't ya be afraid, Miss Dawson. It ain't easy, ma'am, but this is your weddin'. You're gonna be just fine. Please don't cry. You're a beautiful woman and Monsieur Candie is lucky to have a nice lady like you be his wife.\" I looked at her, my expression sad but my eyes hopeful, \"Really?\" \"Yes ma'am. You're gonna be just fine. Now don't you cry no more, Miss Dawson. You look real beautiful. You don't want to ruin your makeup, now.\" Cora said gently, giving me a gentle smile. The bridalI nodded, wiping my tear-stained cheeks with the back of my palm. I inhaled, \"Thank you so much, Cora. I can't tell you how much it means for someone to tell me something comforting. Everyone just keeps pushing me in every direction. I feel like I don't know where I'm going, and I'm terrified.\" Cora nodded respectfully, \"Yes, ma'am.\" The bridal march began playing outside. I looked up worriedly, and Cora nodded at me, \"Go on. Everythin's gonna be fine, Miss Dawson.\" I inhaled deeply. I walked out of the dining room with new confidence. Calvin was the man I was going to marry, whether I liked it or not. I loved him, or at least, I was beginning to. The way he would look at me with those blue eyes, or the scent of cigarette smoke, bourbon and cologne. He was ready to give me everything, and I was ready to give myself to him. He was the man I was going to marry. The doors leading out to the massive backyard opened for me, the ushers opening them. I stepped outside, and my brother, Aaron, leaned his arm out for me like the gentleman he was. Since my father had died when I was young, and Aaron being the only other male in the family, he was going to give me away. Aaron was the eldest sibling at thirty. He was my best friend and my brother. He had helped raise me while growing up, and now that we were adults, it felt surreal. He had my father's handsome face and curly brown hair. He was strikingly handsome, and he flashed me a sweet smile once I appeared. I smiled sadly and hooked my arm around his. Outside, it was beautiful. The \"altar\" was by the massive willow tree outside, the plantation spanning far behind it. The willow tree hung close to the ground, creating a canopy. The green grass was beautifully trimmed and watered for the wedding, and rows upon rows of white chairs were lined up for the guests of the Candie/Dawson wedding. The sun hung in the sky, the sunset warm in the Mississippi summer evening. A mild wind whispered between the trees, causing the willows to flow in the air beautifully. Everyone in the audience turned to look at Calvin Candie's Northern bride as she walked down the aisle with her Yankee brother. There were around a hundred and fifty people at the wedding. Calvin's business partners, many friends, associates, and the uppity societies he belonged to. Every one of them were Southerners. My family and I were the only Northerners, sticking out like a sore thumb. My three sisters and mother sat on the bride's side, which was empty besides them. Calvin's side was crowded with people, most notably his mother and sister. Lara glared at me as I walked down the aisle. My face felt hot, like I was going to faint right here on the spot. I could see it now: July 24, 1858, I faint on my wedding day. I guessed that it was the anxiety, corset unforgivingly pressing against my breasts, and the stress of walking down the aisle that was making me feel so hot. But I feigned a smile and clutched onto Aaron's arm tightly. \"You look so beautiful, Gwen.\" My brother leaned in and whispered in my ear gently, \"Don't be so nervous.\" I looked up and smiled at him. I turned away from Aaron, and noticed that we were a few steps away from the altar. Calvin stood there, looking more handsome than I ever had seen. He was naturally handsome with those striking blue eyes, handsome face, slender body and masculine aura. He wore a suit and was clean shaven, his smile kind and for once without a cigarette holder in his hand. He and I made eye contact, and he smiled a bit wider. It was so genuine, it made my heart drop into my stomach. Aaron stopped, and I realized he was giving me away to Calvin. Aaron smiled at me, a bit of nostalgia for our childhood in his eyes, and kissed my forehead. He let me go, and took his seat beside my mother and sisters. I stood before Calvin and the priest, an elderly man with kind eyes \"Dearly beloved, we are gathered here tonight on this beautiful summer evening to join Calvin and Gwendolyn in the vows of everlasting love.\" The priest said, \"We are privileged to witness the joyous love of a new family; a family that will be nourished and nurtured through the devotion of two separate individuals growing together through the common bonds of love. May their marriage bring them the peace, joy, comfort and contentment that is known in the hearts of all God's children.\" Calvin smiled at me. I smiled weakly back at him. \"The vows you are about to exchange, will serve as a verbal representation of the non-verbal emotions that are as real as anything that can be seen, heard or touched. For it is not the words that you will speak today that will bond you together as one - but the strength of the love and commitment found deep within your souls.\" The priest read, then looked up to Calvin. \"Calvin, your vows?\" Calvin cleared his throat, and took out a small piece of paper from his suit's chest pocket and inhaled, and read. \"Gwen...though life may not always be as perfect as you want it, I vow to always keep my love as pure as it is today. I promise to be there for you in your laughter and your tears, in your sickness and your health, in your comfort and your fears, in your poverty and your wealth. In sickness, I will nurse you back to health. In health, I will encourage you on your path. In sadness, I will help you to remember happiness. In happiness, I will be there make to memories with you. In poverty, I will do all that I can to make our love rich. And in wealth, I will never let our love grow poor. When you need someone to encourage you, I want it to be me. I promise to be there for you for all your life, come what may.\" I stared at him, tears hazing over my eyes. I was wrong about Calvin. \"Gwendolyn, your vows, please.\" The priest said quietly. I nodded, quickly reaching into a fold of my wedding dress and extracting the little piece of paper my vows were scribbled on. I briefly glanced to everyone sitting in the chairs, all one hundred and fifty, watching me judgmentally, watching the poor little Northern girl marry the wealthy, handsome Southern plantation owner. They probably thought I was some sort of gold digger, that I was only marrying Calvin for his money. So many women wanted Calvin to marry them, and I didn't. I was reluctant, and I was the minority in that opinion. I felt everyone's eyes on me as I read my vows. \"Calvin, I will love you until the end of time. I would wait a million years for you. Promise you'll remember that you're mine, and that throughout our lives we will never part. Despite any differences, fights, and sadness, remember that you will always be mine and I will always be yours. I will always tell you that no matter what you do I'll be by your side, because whether you fall or you fly at least you've tried. I love you, and I will always be there for you, until the end of time.\" I exhaled, trembling. \"At this time, I'll ask you, Calvin, and you, Gwendolyn, to face each other & take each other's hands.\" The elderly priest croaked. Calvin reached for my hands and grasped them in his own. He looked at me. \"Calvin Candie, will you take Gwendolyn Dawson to be your wife, your partner in life and your one true love? Will you cherish her friendship and love her today, tomorrow and forever? Will you trust and honor her, laugh with her and cry with her? Will you be faithful through good times and bad, in sickness and in health as long as you both shall live?\" The priest asked. \"I will.\" Calvin said, his blue eyes not leaving my own, \"I, Calvin, take Gwendolyn to be my wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death us do part, according to God's holy ordinance.\" He carefully slid the wedding ring on my finger. \"And Gwendolyn Dawson, will you take Calvin Candie to be your husband, your partner in life and your one true love? Will you cherish his friendship and love him today, tomorrow and forever? Will you trust and honor him, laugh with him and cry with him? Will you be faithful through good times and bad, in sickness and in health as long as you both shall live?\" THe priest asked. \"I will.\" I said, squeezing Calvin's hands, \"I, Gwendolyn, take Calvin to be my wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death us do part, according to God's holy ordinance.\" I placed Calvin's ring on his finger, my own hands visibly trembling. \"And in this ceremony of exchanging of vows and joining the Dawson and Candie families, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may now kiss the bride.\" The priest said. My young face looked at Calvin, giving him a bright, hopeful smile. \"I love you, darlin'.\" Calvin said. Before I responded, he leaned in and kissed me, the most genuine and loving kiss I've ever been given. It was tender, gentle, and passionate. I kissed him back, and everyone in the audience clapped. It was the kiss that made me really fall in love with him, the kiss that made me believe that he was different, the kiss that charmed me into marrying trouble in human form. It was the kiss that made me fall in love with the monster, the master of the house, the abusive man I've come to love. While I kissed Calvin, I sold my freedom to him. I sealed my fate.[Chapter 12] To my lovely readers, I'm so sorry for lack of update in two months. I've had horrible writer's block for this story, as much as I LOVE writing this. I am really stuck on what should happen, if Calvin should live or die. I'm stuck, so just bear with me here for the last few chapters! I'm trying to work through it. So, I do apologize! Hope you guys like this chapter. Reviews on how you like it Would be great. I was a bit disappointed on how I wrote this one. Reviews would be lovely! TWELVE My heart felt like it had stopped beating. It felt dead with shock. Calvin knew. He knew everything. He knew that Broomhilda and Django were really married and that Schultz wasn't really interested in buying a Mandingo. I stood there, frozen at the wooden doors, my ear pressed to the warm, cherry wood. My breathing was unsteady and uneasy, and I slapped a hand over my mouth to prevent CAlvin or Stephen from hearing. I shut my eyes, trying to contain my panic and hatred for Stephen. How could he deliberately betray his own race that way? Stephen was truly a weasel; a loser who did nothing but kiss Calvin's ass, like the rest of the goddamn people I knew. I knew now that if Calvin knew that I was part of Django and Schultz's escape plan, he would quickly forget about his baby that was growing inside of me. I believed Calvin would go that far; with his temper, and his patience with me out of everyone, I knew he'd snap. He wouldn't even give a second thought to the baby I was carrying for him. Not even a thought . I kept listening. \"Thank you, Stephen. You're welcome, Calvin.\" Stephen said mockingly, sipping on his tea, \"I'm tellin' you. Them niggas know each other.\" Calvin choked out an annoyed, yet good-natured chuckle, \"If it was a snake, it would've bitten me.\" \"Speakin' a snakes,\" Stephen said, and I could hear him twirling the spoon in his tea, clanging the metal up against the good wedding China, \"That harlot you so crazy about, your wife, is playin' you a fool, too. She helpin' them.\" I felt like I was going to die. Stephen knew. I knew that this was too risky; Stephen was a human watchdog. Even better than a watchdog. His ability to sniff out something wrong was unbelievable, and it terrified me. The hair on the back of my neck stood on end, and I knew that no one was safe. I knew this was the end. Calvin would give me no more \"chances\" after this. He'd beat me until I was dead, baby or no baby. Thinking back, maybe I had been to obvious. Schultz and I swapping looks. Django and I looking at each other. Broomhilda and I talking in the kitchen. . . Then it hit me. Stephen had heard me and Broomhilda talking in the kitchen. Oh, my God. \"Don't you call her a harlot. Gwen is my wife, and she is everythin' to me. You know that, Stephen. I know you don't like her, and ya never have, but don't take this as an opportunity to get her in trouble, now.\" Calvin replied cooly, but in his voice their was a hint of a warning. \"Fine, don't listen to me then, boy. I knew what I heard. I don't care. I heard her talkin' 'bout it to Hildie. But just ya remember, I been takin' care of ya and yer sister since ya'll were kids, and I worked for ya Daddy. I've been watchin' out for this plantation and the Calvin family for ages now, boy, and I know a whore playin' you for a fool when I see it. I seen it since the day her mother brought her pretty 'lil ass down to Candieland.\" Stephen snorted, clanging his spoon against the China again. Anger filled my heart, making my chest feel heavy. Stephen knew, and there was nothing I could do about it. We hadn't realized Stephen had been listening to our conversation. It was a mistake, a deadly mistake. Why did everyone at this plantation loathe me? Because I wasn't a Southern belle with twirly hair, or a nasally Southern accent? Or was it because I didn't condone slavery? Probably all of those reasons. All i wanted to do now was burst into the room, take Stephen by the collar and scream at him that I wasn't a whore, and that I didn't come down to goddamn Candieland in Mississippi to be married on my own free will. I was as much a slave here as the slaves were; mental abuse speaking, I mean. There was silence from Calvin. \"Y—you think...Gwen betrayed me?\" Calvin asked, and his voice almost sounded as if he was hurt that I'd done that to him. \"Think? I know.\" Stephen replied, \"That girl ain't nothin' but a whore full'a trouble, yes sir.\" \"But... why ? Why would she?\" Calvin asked, trying so hard to make since of it, \"She's my wife , Stephen, for Christ's sake!\" \"And yer her husband. Ya beat the livin' hell outta her at times—which she deserves—but yer her husband. It still don't make no difference what the two of ya'll do to each other.\" Stephen replied nonchalantly, \"And you better set this all straight before hell really breaks loose.\" Calvin cleared his throat, and there was silence. After a few minutes, he snapped at Stephen, \"Tell Gwen to get in here. Now .\" I retreated from the door was pure panic in my eyes. I heard Stephen's footsteps approach, and before I could dash into the kitchen, the two French doors opened to reveal Stephen, standing there tall with his coal black eyes and salt and pepper hair. His eyes narrowed at me and his lips curled into a hateful, crooked smirk. \"Ah, Madame Candie. Calvin wants to see ya. In his study, please.\" He said it with a smug tone. I glared up at him. \"I—I can't. I need to go check in the kitchen to make sure the girls are making the food right...I—I...I wouldn't want to leave guests waiting.\" I said, stammering on each word as it escaped my lips. The way Stephen was looking at me made me feel threatened. As if, after this talk he'd been so open to Calvin about, he didn't have to pretend to like the Master's wife anymore. It made me feel uncomfortable, and I felt like I was squirming under Stephen's stare. \"I don't think so, Madame Candie,\" Stephen chuckled, a mocking glint in his dark eyes. Before I even noticed, Stephen grabbed my forearm with his death grip, and dragged me across the hall, practically throwing me into Calvin's study. Stephen, no matter how much he probably would've wanted to, had ever raised a hand to me. He knew if he did, it meant certain death for putting his hands on the Master's wife. But he didn't seem to care now. \" Get your hands off of me !\" I snapped over my shoulder, but Stephen had already shut the French doors behind him with a slam! Calvin stood by the fireplace on the other side on the room, his back to me. His arm was extended, gripping the mantle and staring at the fire. He was fuming, I knew it. I hated being in his study. It reminded me of when he had lost it on me about helping the girls out in the kitchen, and had assaulted me. But as I watched him leaning over the fire, handsome as all hell, I knew that I loved him. I shouldn't have turned on him, but I had to. There was no other way. \"Gwendolyn Candie, do you love me?\" Was all he asked, his back still turned to me. I stared at his back with terror. \"You know that I do.\" I replied. \" You do ?\" He snapped, then laughed, \"I don't know if I really believe ya, sweetheart.\" I took a few steps toward him. \"Calvin...\" In one swift swing, Calvin turned around and smacked me across the mouth. The hit was so hard that it turned my head to the right, my hair getting thrown in my face with the quick, jerking movement. Strands of blond hair splayed across my eyes. I felt his hand still there long after the hit was over, and his hand was resting back on his hip. I choked out a whimper accidentally, out of instinct and pure reaction. I turned to stare at him, my eyes wide and brimming with tears from the pain of the hit. I reached up to wife my eyes before the tears could flow; I refused to show him how upset I was. I choked out a cough, and I noticed that my nose was bleeding. Calvin stared down at me, unsympathetic. He reached up and grabbed me by the bust of my dress, pulling me into him so our chests touched and his fist was curled up in the bust. He shook his fist, thus shaking me; his startlingly blue eyes stared into mine, our noses touching. I didn't blink, and neither did he. We stared at each other, unblinking. \"You ungrateful cunt .\" He spat, his Southern accent thick on the deplorable word. \"Calling me that won't change anything.\" I snapped back at him. I was shocked that he had called me that. Calvin and I had called each other a lot of things, but he'd never called me anything that horrible before. I felt my cheeks redden and a few tears begin to spill out of my eyes. My tears fell down my face, streaking past my chin and hitting Calvin's hand that held me pressed to him. \"You are nothin' but a nigga lover.\" He hissed, then raised his voice to that spine-chilling range, \"Ya hear me, Gwendolyn? A goddamn, nigga-loving bitch !\" I remember how Calvin had always told me that he didn't take pleasure in others' pain, but that if need be, his wrath would come down like the cold rain... He threw me to the ground, and I landed on my back with a sickening thud. I squirmed, my back unbelievably sore from the throw. I looked up at him, his figure blurred with my tears. \"So maybe I am,\" I coughed out, sitting up, and wiping blood from my nose. \"But I'm not a harlot. I'm not a whore. I'm your wife . At least I'm not an abusive bastard who cares about nothing more than himself and his precious money.\" I snarled back in reply, refusing to be beaten down by him. \"I do what's necessary, darlin'.\" He snapped back at me with a hiss, standing over me, \"I do what's necessary for you . Don't you fuckin' understand that?\" \"Oh, and killing slaves is necessary ? Murdering people with hammers and attack dogs is necessary ? Embarassing a woman in front of everyone is necessary ?\" I shouted back at him, \"I may have betrayed you, Calvin, but I will never do the hellish things that you do. You're a sick, selfish, cold bastard .\" He reached up to hit me again, but he lowered his hand. He began screaming at me as an alternative. I hated it when he screamed; it sent fear shooting through my veins. His voice rose to this pitch that would send birds fleeing from the treetops. \"And that includes puttin' you in goddamn line. We've talked about this before. We've been over this, sweetheart, and you go and do what? Betray me, for a nigga, his wife, and some fuckin' German that you don't know? Jesus , Gwen!\" He roared, throwing his hands up in the air in frustration. \"I'm sick of your cruelty, Calvin. I feel like I'm a slave. Your slave.\" I said, getting up on to my feet and looking at him with vulnerable eyes, yelling back at him. \"I love you. I always have. You loved me when every single person in your life that you care about hated me. You didn't care. But you are so cruel , Calvin. I'm afraid of you.\" As I pleaded with him, he looked at the floor. When I said he was cruel, he hesitantly looked up at me and met my eyes. \"And if you hit me again, that's fine. I shouldn't have gone behind your back, but I had to. There was no way around it. But if you do hit me, just remember that that's two people you're hitting, not just one. Not anymore.\" I said, looking down at my stomach, then to him, \"Remember that.\" Calvin stared at me, \"I love you, Gwen. But I'm going to do what I have to do. I'm not lettin' them go. I don't care if this all ends with me soaked in their blood, darlin'. I'll do what I've gotta do, and you ain't gonna influence me none.\" He walked towards me, and I trembled. I retreated back a bit, wary of his touch, but he grabbed me by my waist and dragged me to him. He cupped my chin, yanking my head to look at him. I tried to look away to the side, but he jerked it back. He stared at me, his eyes studying mine as I looked back at the man I loved, despite everything he was, everything he'd done, and everything he'd put me through. I trembled, staring at him blankly with heavy eyelids, afraid of another smack to the face by Calvin's palm. Instead, he did the opposite; he leaned in and kissed me on the mouth, forcing his tongue's entry. After kissing me, he brushed the hair out of my eyes. I remained in his arms, paralyzed with fear of my own husband and father of my child. \"You betrayed me. I love you more than life itself, Gwen. So that's why I'm gonna forgive you.\" He said, his eyes darting back and forth to study my expression. \"You're...you're what ?\" I asked. \"I'm gonna forgive you.\" He said. There was something in his eyes that was making me suspicious. Something I didn't trust. \"What's the catch?\" I asked him. I knew him and loved him too much to know there was another motive. \"No catch,\" He grinned wickedly. I sighed in relief. Calvin toyed with the folds of my dress near the front. I almost dropped to the floor at what he said next. \"You're gonna help me beat them at their own game. The three of them ain't leavin' Candieland alive.\" Reviews would be greatly appreciated![Chapter 13] A/N: You guys, I am so, so, sorry for abandoning this story for the past few months. The first semester of college was really busy and I never had time to write fic or update. Please accept my apology, and here is chapter thirteen. This chapter has a flashback between Gwen and Calvin that's vital to their relationship. I finally know what I'm going to do about Calvin's death problem, but that will come up within the next two or three chapters. Now that I'm on break, I will make sure to update and finish this fic. Hopefully you all still like it, and again I'm sorry for the lack of update! Please review :) THIRTEEN Calvin began walking to the door that led to the dining room. \"Calvin, please. This once, let it go. I'm sorry I lied to you, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have.\" I begged, looking at him dead in his piercing, intimidating blue eyes. He stopped before entering the next room. Calvin glared at me, \"You're right. You shouldn't have, darlin'. You know I have no tolerance for liars, 'specially of you lyin' to me. My own wife, the woman I love, the woman I would give my life for, double-crossin' me. I'll be goddamned, Gwendolyn. I'll be god-fuckin'-damned.\" The light from the fire in his study reflected off of Calvin's handsome, sinister face. At times like these, it was like I was married to the devil himself. He was cold, and unforgiving. And righteously so, he was furious at me. Not for taking sides against him with strangers, but for lying to him. And I realized that he did have a right to be furious with me. I was his wife, and I was supposed to be loyal to him. I was acting out of desperation. \"I...I'm sorry.\" I said breathlessly, but he cut me off. \"Look, I know ya were forced into this marriage,\" Calvin sighed, running a hand through his hair, \"I know that. But I married you because I love you. I know you married me because your mother wanted ya to. I'm not your idea of a perfect husband, I get it, but I'm tryin' real hard. I've tried to make you happy here, Gwen. I've tried. And I don't know what else I can do to prove it to ya that I love ya. I know that Lara is awful rude to ya, darlin', and that my friends don't like that we are married, but I like it. Isn't that enough? Does it really matter what those goddamn people think? I have my ways, you have yours. I'm a Southerner, you're a Northerner. We both knew we would have differences, sweetheart, but this is gettin' in the way of our marriage. You...you lied to me.\" Calvin's eyes were full of hate, desperation, and disappointment. He was genuinely hurt that I had lied to him. And I was beginning to feel terrible that I had. I reminded myself that it was for the right reasons. Calvin opened up to me. He told me how he was really feeling, something he rarely did. He always put on an act, like we were the ideal married couple, that nothing was ever wrong. For once, he was addressing our problems head-on. I remembered when Calvin and I were in the first few weeks of our marriage, and he knew I wasn't comfortable with him yet. I was afraid of him, afraid to be intimate with him. Afraid of his wealth, afraid of his social status, afraid I wasn't good enough for him. I was very timid the first weeks weeks at Candieland, but that soon changed. I was terrified, fearing that Calvin would turn his back on me when he caught sight of these Southern belles that Lara was friends with. I was afraid he didn't find me appealing, that we didn't have anything in common. A lot of things about him frightened me to no end. Calvin knew that I wasn't comfortable with him at all yet, especially in a sexual manner. He was determined to get me to feel comfortable with him. The Candieland plantation was loud. I had been upstairs in me and Calvin's bedroom, resting, when I heard Lara and her friends' dinner party in full swing. I'd only been married to Calvin for four weeks, and I was still adjusting to the house, Lara and Stephen, Mississippi, and Calvin himself. He had been out on business all day, and I heard him come through the door a few minutes prior. I climbed out of bed, guessing I should go see him not that he was home. I walked down the massive staircase, still getting accustomed to the size of the plantation's mansion. It was colossal, about fifteen times what my house was back in Boston. I was in no means dressed to impress. I wore a white nightgown that I'd bought back in Boston, my blond hair messily pinned up with strands and pieces falling out of the messy bun. I did not look at all like I belonged to upper Southern society like I now did. I did not look like I was the wife to one of the wealthiest men in Mississippi. I bit my lip and wandered down the staircase. The July night was warm, the foyer dimly lit with candles. The grandfather clock by the front doors stroked eleven o'clock in the evening. It was late, but I was up. I peeked into the kitchen, where the girls were hard at work preparing the next course for Lara's dinner party with her snotty Southern belle friends. I smiled, \"Hi, girls. Have you seen Calvin?\" Cora turned to look at me, and straightened up, as did the rest of the girls who were working in the kitchen.\"Good evenin', Madame Candie. Monsieur Candie is in his study, I believe he was askin' for you a few moments ago. He's in there with Stephen.\" \"Thanks, Cora.\" I said, nervously making my way to the other end of the kitchen to the door that connected to Calvin's study. I stared at the door, wondering if I should knock first or not. I was so new to Calvin and his ways, I wasn't sure how to approach him yet. I stood there in my nightgown, fist up and ready to knock, but mentally debating whether to knock or not. \"You can go right in, Madame Candie.\" Cora said with an empathetic smile. I laughed a little in embarrassment, \"Thank you.\" In truth, I was afraid of Calvin. My family had left me with a stranger, a man I'd only known a few days before marrying. I was intimidated by him. I didn't know his temperaments, what he liked, and what he didn't like. Realistically, I was married to a stranger. I pushed the door open into Calvin's study. He was sitting there in a chair by the roaring fireplace, a large fire cackling. Across from Calvin was Stephen, who was drinking a glass of Scotch with him. They both looked up at who had entered the room, but only Calvin grinned. He got up out of his chair, a grin spreading on his face. \"'Evening, darlin'. I haven't seen ya all day.\" He said, his arms open for me. He ordered Stephen to leave us, and I didn't mind. I hated Stephen already; he was cruel and brutal to the rest of the slaves at the plantation. His closeness with Calvin put me off. There was something scary about Stephen. Something that my gut told me to be wary of and to stay out of the way of. With a smile, but hesitant, I went to Calvin and let myself cuddle into him. Calvin wrapped his arms around me, his lips pressed to my hair with a kiss. Calvin was about six foot, pretty tall, unlike myself who stood at a measly five foot five. \"Lookin' beautiful as always, Gwen.\" He murmured in my ear, his familiar scent of cologne and cigarettes encompassing me. I stared up at him, \"Even in the nightgown?\" I thought for sure he'd be judging me for it. Here he stood, in hundreds of dollars worth of expensive clothes. He wore a brown smoking jacket, pants, white dress shirt, brown dress tie, and light brown vest. He was dressed to the nines, like the wealthy gentleman he was. Here I was, his wife, dressed in a ratty nightgown I'd gotten at a cheap store in Boston for about five dollars. Yet he looked at me like I was the most expensive clothes in the world. I guess I was the diamond in the rough in Calvin's eyes. \"Even in the nightgown.\" He laughed, \"You look beautiful, darlin'. Don't you go doubting yourself, now.\" I felt the blood rush to my face, my cheeks hot in a blush. Calvin reached to the hem of my nightgown, toying with it playfully. He smirked down at me, and pressed his mouth to mine. I shut my eyes,apprehensively reaching to him and putting my arms around his neck. Calvin, I learned quickly, demanded to be dominant in our relationship, whether it be mentally, emotionally or physically. He did that effortlessly; his charismatic, aggressive nature easily pushed me into submissiveness. I was intimidated and afraid of him. He was the most intimidating, charismatic man I had ever met. And it was exciting. But frightening. He deepened the kiss, pushing his tongue into my mouth. He pressed me up against the mahogany walls of his study, the only sound our heavy breathing and the cackling of the fire in the fireplace. His hands traveled down, cupping his hand to the front of my nightgown and rubbing my clit over my undergarments. I squirmed at his touch as he rubbed the sensitive spot, knowing that he was beginning to get me excited. \"W-wait. I'm afraid.\" I choked out. \"Don't be afraid.\" He said gently, his fingers effortlessly rubbing in between my legs. \"Is it going to hurt?\" I asked him. Calvin looked at me, and his fingers came to stop, his index and middle fingers resting between my legs. \"It's okay. I know you've never done this before, but let it happen, sweetheart. You're my wife now, Gwen, and I want you to be comfortable with me. And it ain't never gonna happen if I don't do this.\" I was a virgin when I'd married Calvin at twenty, and he was trying to gently coax me out of it. Calvin was nine years older than myself and far more wise and experienced. He was teaching me. He was the only one who could ever teach me. I nodded at him, taking a deep inhale. \"Breathe.\" He said, kissing my forehead. He looked down at me, \"Okay?\" I nodded. Calvin slipped his hands under my underwear and began working his fingers between my legs, massaging the bare nub gently with even strokes. I felt my legs tremble, and my knees begin to buckle. \"Does this hurt?\" He asked me, probing me with his fingers. I shook my head no. It was a strange, albeit unbelievable sensation, the way Calvin rubbed between my legs. I felt my heart beating abnormally quickly, throbbing so fast I thought my heart would burst through my ribcage, right in front of Calvin. His fingers massaged between my legs, pumping in and out, rubbing the sensitive spot. I felt a sensation of warmth between my legs as Calvin cupped his hand there. My breathing became heavy. Involuntarily, I let out a moan, and I covered my mouth in embarrassment. \"It's okay, darlin'. It's okay.\" Calvin reassured gently, \"It's okay. Don't be embarrassed.\" I nodded silently at him, and the rubbing between my legs grew even quicker. I moaned louder, and Calvin's fingers traveled deeper inside of me. \"Calvin,\" I gasped, panting. \"Stop...\" Out of pure instinct, my hand reached out and grabbed Calvin's wrist, his hand since disappeared under my underwear. I gasped as I teetered on the brink of climaxing. My muscles between my legs clenched around Calvin's fingers. I let out a breathless gasp. \"That's it.\" Calvin murmured soothingly. \"That's it. Squirm all you like, Gwen, but I'm still gonna make you come.\" The pressure between my legs grew, and Calvin's fingers entered inside me. I gasped, burying my face in his chest as my hips bucked. I heard the blood in veins pumping in my ears. I moaned loudly into him, panting. Gratification and a weird sensation flowed through my veins as the throbbing between my legs faded as Calvin removed his fingers from inside of me. His hand lingered between my legs, softly rubbing the bare flesh to gently ease me down from the climax. Calvin kissed me softly, pushing the hair out of my eyes that had fallen in my face in intimacy. \"See, Gwen? It's okay. You're okay.\" He murmured. \"Let's go upstairs, darlin'.\" I looked up at my husband and nodded. And as I looked into Calvin's intimidating, piercing blue eyes, I knew that I was beginning to trust him. The fear of him was diminishing. It wasn't completely gone, but it was slowly leaving. Little did I know, I had a lot to be afraid of. For the time being, I trusted this man that I practically \"belonged\" to. I was given to him, I was his possession. My family gave me to him, like some kind of slave, and trusted in Calvin that he'd take care of me no matter what. I was his possession, his property, and his wife. At this point in our relationship, we'd barely fought yet. I was young and naive. I was docile, and lighthearted. I barely knew Calvin. I was happier, happier than I had been in a while, and was beginning to believe that it maybe was the right thing to marry Calvin, even though my mother had forced me into it. That was best night in me and Calvin's marriage, when he took my childhood, my innocence, my virginity. And I knew that I loved him, and I'd stay loyal to him from now on. I was wrong to betray him. But in spite of this, I still wouldn't let him hurt Django or Schultz. It was wrong. Calvin was wrong, and I had no regrets against helping Django and Schultz with Broomhilda's freedom. \"I'm sorry. I'm sorry I was disloyal.\" I said, looking at my feet, \"Calvin, please don't hurt them. Please .\" Calvin looked at me, shaking his head with a disappointed look on his face. He grabbed my arm, leading me to the door with him. Before he opened it, he kissed me on the lips, gently. He looked at me wickedly. \"I'm sorry too, Gwen.\" He opened the doors to the dining room, and that's when hell was unleashed. Reviews inspire me :)[Chapter 14] To my lovely & faithful readers, Firstly, allow me to apologize to you all for the lack of updates for such a long time and just leaving this story open-ended. College has really been very, very busy, and leaves me only time to do one-shots, especially as a Creative Writing major and writing my own independent stories. Please, accept my apology. I was on my way to finish \" Trouble Is A Friend\" for winter breakwhen I just checked the reviews, and thanks to the wonderful user ratherbereading125, it was brought to my attention that another fic on this website, entitled \"Chained\" by user KylieSavannah . She has plagiarized from me, almost line by line, and you will see this if you check it out. It is rated \"M\" so you cannot see it unless you allow it on your filter. Even the summary is similar! PLAGIARISM is something I will NEVER tolerate. NEVER. Trust me when I say nothing is worse than working hard on characters, dialogue, and plot line, only to see someone else steal your work and say, \"yup, I wrote this!\" NOT OKAY. NEVER OKAY. This has happened to me three times on this website now, once with my Les Miserables story, another time with my This Is The End fic and now on one of my favorite pieces of work, \"Trouble Is A Friend\" . That really, really frustrates and angers me. Despite it being fan fiction and not an independent work of mine, nothing is worse (as an author), to see someone steal your work. I am not affiliated with that account, nor that story \"Chained\" , in the least. I will very much now need to think about whether to continue this story or not. I do not want more of my work stolen from me. Thank you all. You are wonderful readers who have supported this story and the relationship of Gwen/Calvin from the get-go. Thank you, and I hope that you understand where I'm coming from. I just thought you all should know. All the Best, The Wriiter xxx ","Summary":" A/N: So I saw \"Django\" and I loved it. Quentin's amazing. I hated Calvin, but his character was s"},{"Movie":"Speed Racer","Title":"Road to Freedom","Author":"Toadflame","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5860207","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello all! I watched the Speed Racer FINALLY, and decided to add my own two-cents to this fandom. So, here it is! Road to Freedom ! This is probably the longest note you'll receive from me, with shorter ones in future chapters. It's uncertain how far this is going yet, but as I have the plans on paper and in my head, you shouldn't wait more than a few days per update. I honestly don't care about the type of response I get, or if I get any at all; I'm writing this purely for my own enjoyment and to get some more stories out into this wonderful fandom. Without further ado then, Road to Freedom! \" I'd love an answer, Trixie, as to why track racing doesn't seem the same!\" -Speed Racer, Road to Freedom The announcer's voice was a mumble in Speed's ear as he sat on the bench in front of his locker, concentration instead on the course. He'd raced it before; it wouldn't be too difficult to do it again. Trixie, Speed's girlfriend, came in and sat next to him for just a moment. \"Good luck out there Speed,\" she whispered in the near silence, save for Speed's and her own breathing. Speed turned and gave her a wry half-smile. \"Thanks, Trix,\" he said, giving her a quick peck on the cheek. \"Just don't let them beat you up too badly out there,\" she said, standing and gently hugging him. She then turned and left the room. When he was alone, Speed muttered, \"Easier said than done.\" SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR The Mach 6 was racing well today , Pops Racer decided as he watched his son, currently second and battling for the lead. Beside him, Spritle and Chim Chim each had a set of binoculars, which they were currently using to track Speed's progress. \"I think he's gonna win, Pops,\" Spritle said as the cars raced overhead on the track. \"Eh, there's still a lot of race left,\" Pops muttered as he checked his stopwatch yet again. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR Speed's brow furrowed as he continued to batter against the other car in an attempt for first. Whoever this driver was, they were good. And they weren't ready to give up the lead yet. With an almost sickening lurch, coupled with a huge crunch, the other car slammed against the Mach 6, sending it spinning into a tailspin, which Speed controlled easily, using his momentum to catch the back end of the other car, sending it spinning as well. As Speed and the other driver came around, both front windshields facing each other, Speed saw the frustration and slight fear etched into the other's face under the helmet. At least what little of the driver's face he could see gave him a hint as to what the other was thinking. As Speed righted himself, no longer spinning, he saw the other driver doing the same. But a push on the gas pedal sent Speed into the lead. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR Even with the win, Speed wasn't feeling the excitement of a win. It seemed…ordinary, almost. As if you took your most non-exciting day and applied it to the win. Of course, Speed smiled and was genuinely happy. But inside, he wasn't feeling as much of the emotion he was showing. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR Speed and Trixie were in the Mach 6 on the hill just above the city. Speed had made sure that Spritle and Chim Chim weren't in the car before they'd left. They sat there, holding hands and quietly watching stars wink into existence and the lights of the homes going out one by one as dusk continued to fall. \"I just don't get it,\" Speed murmured to himself, quiet enough that he thought Trixie wouldn't hear him. \"What? Why you weren't so excited at the track today?\" Trixie murmured back, squeezing his hand lightly. \"How'd you know?\" Speed asked, looking over at her. She smiled, a small, sad look to her face. \"Oh Speed,\" she sighed. \"I know you better than you think some days.\" He gave up a small grin, but didn't say anything. \"But as for why, I do believe I have an answer,\" she said, then amended, \"If you want it.\" \"I'd love an answer, Trixie, as to why track racing doesn't seem the same!\" Speed answered, removing his hand from hers and propping himself sideways in his seat. \"Isn't it obvious?\" When Speed shook his head, she continued. \"You've fallen for cross-country racing.\" This probably seems choppy since I sat down to type this at least five times and only got a couple words for most of the stuff after the win, but not during Speed and Trixie's heart-to-heart. Again, I don't mind the response, and any at all would be good. Chapters are written mostly in advance, so you shouldn't wait too long. But my plans keep getting longer, with more surprises in store. I hope the win's emotion came through all right and that I'm using the right terminology. Someone spotting any errors I may have committed would be appreciated as I don't have a beta. Also, each chapter will have a quote from that chapter as a 'summary' of sorts for that chapter.[Chapter 2] Here it is: Road to Freedom chapter 2! \" Tell me what you want to do then.\" \" I want…to race cross-country full-time.\" -Speed and Trixie, Road to Freedom After Speed and Trixie's little talk, they showed no outward sign of anything out of the ordinary, yet everyone could tell there was some form of tension between them. As for them, they continued as they normally did; however, they made no mentions of racing or what Speed planned to do for the future. They went out, had fun, but didn't talk about anything related to racing. Finally, the silence could be taken no longer. Ironically, it was Speed who made the first move. He and Trixie left, as they normally did, but they did not go to their usual spot on the hill. They went out of the city, well into the country, until they came to a small lake surrounded by trees. They parked by the landing and watched the sunset over the water. As soon as it was gone, Speed turned to Trixie. \"I think I may have reached the point I need, but I need to run it past you first.\" \"OK. OK, Speed. Tell me what you want to do then.\" \"I want…to race cross-country full-time.\" Trixie nodded. \"I had a feeling you'd say that. I'll support you, of course, and we'll work through this together. I know you, you just want to help those affected by the corruption in the businesses.\" \"That's something else I wanted to talk to you about.\" \"Oh?\" \"Yeah. Before you say anything, just hear me out.\" Trixie shifted so she was facing Speed, and he gently took her hand and pressed his mouth to her hand. \"Trixie, you're the only one who has stood by me, no matter my decision. You helped me when we were trying to take down Royalton, and when I joined with the Inspector Detector and Racer X, and took over for Taejo when he was drugged, and you did it without questioning anything, or putting a fuss over anything. And I can't imagine my life without you.\" Trixie had tears in her eyes, and she was already nodding yes as Speed removed a velvet black box from his pocket. He handed it to her, both their hands shaking, Speed's just a little more so. \"Trixie, beautiful, my love, the only one I want to spend my life with, will you marry me?\" Trixie opened the box to find a ring, a small silver band with diamonds and a few emeralds, pillowed inside. \"Yes, of course!\" she cried, placing it on her finger and hugging Speed around his neck, and they kissed passionately beside the lake with the sunset trapped inside. Unfortunately for them, Spritle and Chim Chim chose that moment to make their entrance. \"Yes!\" Spritle cheered, hugging the pet chimpanzee, who cackled in agreement. Speed and Trixie broke apart to glare at the stowaways. \"What are you two doing here?\" Speed practically growled, coming around to stand over his younger brother. \"It was his idea!\" Spritle shouted, pointing at Chim Chim, who pointed right back at Spritle. \"I don't care whose idea it was, you two are in serious trouble!\" Speed shouted, pointing back to the trunk. \"Now Speed,\" Trixie began, laying a hand on her now-fiancé's arm. \"They just wanted to see you propose.\" Speed sighed. Between the look of Trixie and the imploring look his brother and his brother's pet were giving him, he was starting to give in. \"All right, all right,\" he said. \"Just, get in the car and we'll go home.\" He turned and went to shut the trunk. \"Yes!\" Spritle crowed, climbing in to sit in the driver's seat. Chim Chim climbed into Trixie's lap as soon as she sat down. She immediately hugged the chimp with a fond smile on her face. Speed rolled his eyes at Spritle, but just moved the seat back in order to accommodate both of them, and drove them home. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR As soon as everyone was informed, Speed and Trixie were off. They left under the pretense of getting ready for their wedding, but the wedding really wasn't taking place until well into the next year. Instead, they drove to the nearest cross-country track, which was a few miles outside the city, where they met with the Inspector Detector. Corruption between big race owners was still there, but Royalton's had been the worst. But with him in jail, the others had moved up a step, which caused them all to gain from what Royalton Industries lost. The goal of meeting with the Inspector Detector was to work out a way for Speed to race and take down some of the corruption. \"Sir, if you have a need of help, I'm willing to come race some cross-country tracks,\" Speed said once pleasantries were finished. The Inspector nodded. \"I do have a need for someone to help me, now that you mention it. You'd be working with X again, but as I understand it, you two seem to get along quite well.\" \"We have similar goals, yes,\" Speed said, glancing at Trixie and rubbing his thumb over the back of her hand, the movement discreet yet noticeable to anyone paying any amount of attention. \"That's good, I hope. Now, we'll need to give the Mach 6 the same updates as your previous car and you'll start racing next race. Of course, if this is a deal that you agree to take on the big corporations.\" Speed nodded, shaking the Inspector's hand. \"Deal.\" Slightly longer chapter. Hope you enjoyed, any response is nice as usual. Here's a picture of the ring Speed gave Trixie. Just take out the spaces to see it: http:// /images/ Sterling-Silver-Rhodium-Plated-Genuine-Emerald-Diamond-Accent-Rose-Cut-Ring-sr-cbgh-cfaw .jpg[Chapter 3] Chapter tres en Road to Freedom ! (That's 'Chapter 3 in Road to Freedom' if you didn't understand my badly butchered Spanish.) Also, this chapter seems different because I was using a different document to type it. \" Is this a game to you? Because this isn't just a game!\" \" No, it's not a game to me. It's more than that.\" \" Oh? Enlighten me.\" \" It's a business, a sport, a game, and even more than that. This race alone can make or break someone. Someone like you.\" -Speed and Taejo, Road to Freedom After making the deal with the Inspector Detector, the Mach 6 was upgraded with the same features the Mach 5 had been updated with: A for the jump jacks, B for the bullet-proof deflector over the top, C for tire shields, D for emergency spares, E for cutter blades, F for tire grips, and G for the homing robot. Once that was finished, Speed and Trixie began to head for home, stopping to pick up a few things that Mom had asked them to pick up: milk, bread, peanut butter, and jelly. PB and J went quickly in the Racer household, with groceries needed for the creation of the treats needing to be picked up at least once, if not twice, a week. Three days later, a party was held for Speed's 19th birthday. A cake was baked between Trixie and Mom while Pops, Sparky, Speed, and Spritle, followed closely by Chim Chim, were ushered out of the house. \"Hurmph,\" Pops grunted, turning and stepping into his car. Sparky climbed into the passenger of Pops' car, while Spritle and Chim Chim sat next to Speed in the Mach 6. Pops led the way to Thunderhead, where he sat and timed Speed. Sparky was up in the booth, watching Speed from above with Chim Chim and Spritle by him. Speed was racing hard, trying to see what he needed for adjustments after the upgrades had been installed. Left corner's just a bit tight , he decided when he reached the moguls of the track. But it did not seem to slow him down; in fact, he raced one of his best times yet. \"You could easily beat Rex!\" Spritle cheered through the intra-communications system. Speed winced, not only from the volume in his ear but also from the Rex comment by his little brother. \"Yeah, suppose so,\" he said to Spritle. It seemed enough for the youngest Racer member, who then wanted to ride in the car. \"Yeah, OK. Hold on just one sec,\" Speed said to the excited young boy as he adjusted the seat to fit both of them. Spritle eagerly clambered into his brother's lap and grasped the steering wheel as Speed closed the door. \"Tell me when to go,\" he said, placing his hands just above where Spritle's pudgy ones rested. The younger nodded, then called for Speed to start. They raced around the track, and Speed grinned down at his brother. \"Tell me when to speed up for the jump!\" he called, faintly recalling Rex saying almost the same thing when he had been Spritle's age. \"Now?\" \"No.\" A moment later heard a cry of, \"Now!\" and the Mach 6 took off for the jump, easily clearing the gap between the sections of track. \"That was awesome!\" Spritle shouted when they had come to a stop. He leaped from the car and ran over. \"Pops! Pops! Did you see me? Did I do good?\" \"Yes you did,\" Pops said, semi-glaring at Speed over the shoulder of his youngest. Speed shrugged. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR \"Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday dear Speed, happy birthday to you!\" was the singing of the family until there was a loud roar from outside, not unlike when Royalton from Royalton Industries visited in his private jet. But this was the sound of a car. \"What the hell?\" Pops muttered as he went to open the door at the knock. \"Speed, it's for you!\" Pops yelled, stomping back into the room, followed closely by Taejo Tagokhan. Taejo smirked at Speed. \"Let's talk,\" Speed said, jerking his thumb in the direction of the garage. Taejo shrugged and followed Speed out. \"What do you expect to gain from coming here?\" Speed all but growled, his eyebrows scrunched together in controlled anger. Taejo scoffed, coming around to look Speed in the eyes. \"Answers,\" he said. \"I don't have to explain myself to you,\" Speed said loftily, crossing his arms in defiance of Taejo. Taejo's nostrils flared. \"Is this a game to you? Because this isn't just a game!\" \"No, it's not a game to me. It's more than that.\" \"Oh? Enlighten me.\" \"It's a business, a sport, a game, and even more than that. This race alone can make or break someone.\" \"Someone like you?\" \"Could be. What does it matter to you?\" \"I don't know what you're trying to pull, Racer,\" Taejo suddenly snarled. \"But it isn't gonna fly where I race. You'll get killed, and what will that gain you? Stay where you're at if you know what's good for you. But then again,\" Taejo suddenly said with a smirk plastered on his face. \"Your brother didn't know what was good for him either. And look where that got him. You and Rex Racer are exactly alike.\" \"I think you'd better leave.\" \"I think you'd better watch yourself, Racer. Listen to a girl like what you have now. They now what's good for the ones who can't figure it out themselves.\" \"Well then, better get yourself one of them. Because my girl's behind me 100%.\" \"You wait. You'll die out there, and then where will you be? Nowhere.\" With that, Taejo left out the garage door. His car roared to life, shaking the garage's shelving. Speed could hear the squealing of tires as Taejo spun them. Shaking his head, Speed rejoined his party. Well, chapter numero tres is finished! Hope you enjoyed and please drop me a line in form of review? This chapter was a blast to write because of the confrontation and the argument and everything.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 of Road to Freedom is brought to you by: Racer Family Auto Racing. We're an independent company determined to bring better racing to the World Racing League (WRL) and show the world that at least one racer runs as an independent! Call 1-800-555-5555 for more information today and to speak with one of the Racer Family representatives. Please call between the hours of 9:00 A.M. and 10:00 A.M. (Phone number will not direct you to the Racer family. Family will not be home during hours of service.) We hope you enjoyed your false advertising and that you caught the misdirecting phone number. Now, on to chapter 4! \" It isn't about you Speed!\" \" You're right; it's about the people I can save.\" -Speed and Pops, Road to Freedom Later that evening, Speed began packing clothing for the race, his first for this season in the cross-country, which would take place in two days and was several miles away. Pops came in and stood in the doorway for a moment, then cleared his throat, causing Speed to jump. \"What are you packing for, Speed?\" Pops asked, walking into the room and gesturing to the nondescript black suitcase. \"A trip with Trixie. We're going to the mountains.\" \"There aren't any races that you'd be racing in,\" Pops muttered, slamming a meaty hand on the bed. \"What are you really packing for?\" \"A trip to-\" \"I know you're not really going on a mountain trip!\" Pops exploded, interrupting Speed. \"You're packing for something else! A race, by the looks of it. You don't take your racing suit on a mountain vacation! What do you think I am, blind?\" \"No, Pops. I don't think you're blind! You just don't understand what I'm doing!\" Speed shouted back, abandoning his packing to turn to his father and yell back. \"Oh yes I do!\" Pops yelled. \"The only reason you're packing is for a race! And the only race coming up is the cross-country one at the River's Edge Off-Road Course!\" \"Well, maybe I want to try it!\" Speed growled, glaring at his father and abandoning the pretense of packing. \"Are you crazy?! That course is too damn dangerous! Rex tried racing it once, and he was lucky to make it out alive. That was when I actually LET him go try a cross-country race! It's more dangerous than Casa Cristo's Crucible! I already lost Rex, I don't want to lose another son!\" \"I'm not gonna die! What happened to you realizing your mistake with Rex and not wanting to repeat it, huh?\" Pops finally lost what little grip he'd regained on his anger. \"This isn't about you Speed!\" he screamed at his second-oldest child. \"You're right; it's about the people I can save,\" Speed said, suddenly not screaming. His voice was low, smooth, and held no animosity towards his father. Speed turned and finished packing quickly. Pops stood there for a minute, watching as Speed dragged the suitcase to the door. \"Speed, I don't want you to get hurt. Just-just know that, well…\" Pops' mustache trembled for a moment, and he rushed to the slight frame of his son and enveloped him in a hug. \"Pops!\" Speed gasped, trying to get air into his semi-crushed lungs. \"Don't worry, I'll make sure I get out in one piece.\" \"You'd better, you still got a girl to marry,\" Pops said, hiding the tears he didn't want to shed and setting his son down. \"You're welcome to come back; that offer still stands.\" Speed smiled. \"I won't forget about it,\" he answered, turning to see Trixie waiting for him in the hall. \"Ready?\" he asked, lacing his fingers in hers. She gave him a peck on the cheek. \"Always,\" she smiled. The two of them, followed by Pops, walked out to the garage where the Mach 6 was waiting, along with Trixie's bag for the trip. Mom was waiting for them in the garage with a large paper bag, which she handed to Trixie. \"Food,\" she said to Trixie's inquiring look. Trixie nodded, and then was given a hug by Mom. \"Keep him from killing himself,\" she whispered in her ear. She then turned to Speed and gave him an even bigger hug. \"Don't kill yourself,\" she murmured into his ear. After opening the trunk to put the bags in and to make sure that Spritle and Chim Chim weren't in there, Speed and Trixie were climbing into the Mach 6. Mom and Pops waved them off, and the two of them sped into the gathering dusk. Sparky and Spritle, followed by Chim Chim, came into the garage at the sound of the Mach 6 leaving. \"What's going on?\" Sparky asked. \"Just watching Speed leave,\" Pops grunted as an answer, heading into the house. \"Why'd he leave?\" Spritle asked, a stricken look on his face. \"Because he had to,\" Mom answered, looking forlorn in the direction Speed and Trixie had left in. \"He-he'll come back, right Mom?\" Spritle asked, tears welling into his eyes. \"Yes honey,\" Mom answered, scooping the boy up. In her head, she repeated a mantra of He has to. He has to. He will. I hope. I hope. I hope… By far the most angst happened in this chapter so far. That was chapter 4. We will now take a commercial break while our viewers call in (coughreviewswouldbenicecough) and we will rejoin you for chapter 5 in just a few minutes (or days)[Chapter 5] Me: Advisor! Please inform these wonderful people that chapter 5 of Road to Freedom is now here! Advisor: Attention readers! The writer has informed me of an important breakthrough that I must share with you! Chapter 5 of Road to Freedom is now available for viewing! That will be all. Thank you. An important note: I promise that Trixie and Speed WILL be married eventually! It will either be the end of this story, in an outtake, or part of a sequel. Keep an eye out for updates of when I think they will be married! If not here or in a sequel, look for an outtake from this story. Also, this chapter is the final confrontation for now. Three in a row is plenty! There probably will be more; I don't know yet however. \" It doesn't matter now. Rex Racer is gone, and Racer X is what's left.\" \" You're wrong. You might not look like you used to, but you're still family, and you're still my older brother. By blood or by association.\" -Speed and Racer X, Road to Freedom Speed and Trixie drove through the night, switching partway through their journey, then they switched once more so that Speed was driving when they reached River's Edge. There, they were met by the Inspector Detector and Racer X. \"Glad you two could make it,\" X said dryly. \"It's only, you know, one day before the race.\" \"Yeah, well, my father wasn't too keen on the idea of us leaving for this race,\" Speed muttered. He noticed the wince that X tried to suppress, but instead of calling him on it, he continued with, \"But we got here at least. And that's what counts, especially since it wasn't after the race.\" \"Yes. However, we do have a few things to go over before you begin the race,\" Inspector Detector coughed, motioning for them to follow. The three followed the Inspector into the building, where he held out two briefs: one for X and one for Speed. \"I apologize,\" he said to Trixie, \"but we were uncertain whether or not you would be coming as well.\" \"That's OK,\" Trixie said, looking over Speed's shoulder. \"What we have here is your case file. This is what you are trying to accomplish, of course. We have intelligence of the corruption in all of the major corporations, as well as many of the smaller ones, save for the few independents that are left. \"Our reports from the agents in the field are mostly the same. They start with small bets in the races. Then they begin sabotaging the races in order to win their bigger bets. Finally, it turns to them getting together and casting the vote on who will win the final race. \"We are in danger of letting them start a world takeover if we do not stop them now. You need to win as many of the races as you can so we can discover who is pocketing this money that was obtained illegally in the first place,\" the Inspector finished. \"When you win the race, whoever bet against you will be very unhappy, and we would be able to take them down. Do you both understand?\" X nodded, of course, but Speed had a question. \"How do you believe that by us winning, they'd let you know who was angry about it?\" \"We have operatives in very high positions in the companies,\" X answered before the Inspector could. \"Yes, that is how we find them. The operatives have garnered positions very close to the CEOs of these corporations, and are very trusted. They will know when their 'bosses,' as it stands right now, lose quite a bit of money.\" Speed nodded. \"We can do this,\" he murmured to Trixie, who smiled into his cheek stubble. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR That evening found Speed out on the patio. Racer X sighed as he joined Speed by the railing. \"Kid-\" \"Don't start.\" X was kinda shocked. Speed was usually an easy-going guy, which meant he normally wouldn't just blow someone off like that. \"All right, what is it? Girls, you family, what?\" \"You.\" \"Me.\" It wasn't a question. \"Yes, you. Lying about who you are. Deny it all you like,\" Speed turned to glare at X, \"but I know that you are most certainly Rex.\" \"Now Speed, you don't understand…\" \"Oh, no, I understand perfectly.\" Speed snorted and turned back to stare at the stars. \"You blew up your car and changed something about your looks. Wear that mask so no one knows who you are. Oh, yeah, and you can't forget who your parents are, your family, your heritage, your brother.\" Speed choked, but kept going. \"You left us. Me. I idolized you, wanted to be exactly, exactly like you. Then…you just left. Didn't explain anything to your little brother before! Just 'Oh, by the way, Speedy, I'm leaving. Nothing personal. I just gotta get out of Pops' house!' And I asked to go with you! Did you even think about what that would've done to me?!\" Speed was yelling, tears in his eyes, by the end of his rant. \"Speed, I know that was hard for you. Yes, I will admit to you: I was Rex. Was. I'm not anymore.\" \"You're always Rex Racer, no matter what you look like or try to change your name to,\" Speed snorted. \"It doesn't matter now. Rex Racer is gone, and Racer X is what's left.\" \"You're wrong. You might not look like you used to, but you're still family, and you're still my older brother. By blood or by association.\" \"Speedy…\" \"No, don't even TRY to refute me on this. Racer X, Rex Racer, doesn't matter. Both are my brother, Rex and X.\" Speed thought for a moment, then added, \"Or at least X is, if what you're trying to tell me is accurate.\" X nodded in amusement. \"So…you willing to forgive me?\" \"Yeah.\" After a moment's hesitation, Speed reached over and enveloped his long-lost-but-not-really brother in a hug. \"Awww…\" \"Trixie!\" \"Oh, you two are so goofy. Why don't boys like girls seeing them hug? It's adorable! Especially since you guys are brothers. And that he's gonna be my brother-in-law now.\" \"You guys getting married?\" \"Yep.\" \"Good luck Speedy.\" Me: One-half of the story later in an empty house and we are getting somewhere fast! I hope so anyway.[Chapter 6] Well, kiddies, it's time for chapter 6! It is finally time for (drum roll please) … RACE DAY!!!!! Yeah! (crowd cheering, but is really kid!Speed making his own cheers because he won an imaginary race) Uh…well, then. Let's hop to it, shall we? \" Get out of there!\" \" I can't!\" \" Yes you can!\" \" No! \" You have to!\" \" I know!\" -Racer X and Trixie, Road to Freedom \"All drivers to your cars, please; all drivers to your cars.\" The announcement rang throughout the mostly empty locker room. Only X, Speed, and Trixie remained; the three of them pored over the map of the entire course. At the announcement, they rolled it up, Trixie taking it and heading to her helicopter in order to help the two of them through the race. \"I won't let anything happen to him,\" X said determinedly to Trixie when she looked at Speed in a mix of love, fear, and anxiety. She nodded to him, grateful for the promise. \"Let's head out then,\" Speed said, giving Trixie a kiss before placing his helmet on. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR The race was long and arduous, with a twisting track that wound through the city and the outer reaches, even going through a farm's pasture at one point. Trixie hovered above the course with the rest of the helicopters; seeing as they were not on a track that stayed in one area, helicopters were necessary not only for intra-communications, but also for allowing the drivers to know what would be ahead of them and how close they were to the lead (or who was closest behind you, depended). Speed and X were closer to the front of the pack than in Casa Cristo. Only three teams were ahead of them this time, and as the countdown continued and the one who would be shooting the gun stepped onto the track, Speed began to have slight doubts. This was a long, long course, full of drivers with deceit intent in their minds and money on their fingertips. What chance did two drivers stand on this? But his doubts were wiped away once the woman's hand raised in order to shoot the starting gun. Three…Two…One… !…!…!…!…!BOOM!…!…!…!…! The gun went off, drivers pushing the gas pedal until it reached the metal underneath the dash of their cars. X and Speed were no exception, their wheels spinning as well. They recovered quickly, and were off. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR Back at the Racer household, the entire family, including Sparky and Chim Chim, gathered on the couch in order to watch the cross-country race. \"There he is!\" Spritle called, pointing at the Mach 6 on the large screen. \"Him and that Racer X guy,\" Pops said indifferently, but he was leaned forward as well as Spritle and Sparky. \"I hope he's all right,\" Mom fretted. \"He'll be fine,\" Sparky said. \"Except if he gets in an accident and the protective gel doesn't get released. Then he'll be crushed by his car. Guts squeezed out his eyeballs and-\" \"SPARKY!\" the rest of the family, save for Chim Chim, screamed. \"All right, yeesh,\" Sparky said, eyes widened drastically in shock. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR In the helicopter above River's Edge Off-Road Course, Trixie was having similar thoughts as Sparky, but she was not voicing those aloud. Instead, she was relaying information about the upcoming track to the two drivers below her. They were communicating with her and each other, telling each other what to expect the further they reached in the race. \"Watch out for those girls in pink!\" Speed called to X over the communications system. \"Don't worry about me and them, I-whoa!\" \"Get out of there!\" Trixie yelled, watching in horrified near-silence at what was happening to X below her \"I can't!\" \"Yes you can!\" \"No! \"You have to!\" \"I know!\" \"You have to. You have to. You have to,\" Trixie repeated over the communications, worry evident in her voice. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR In the Racer house, the air was not much better. \"What happened?\" Spritle asked, trying to find a way to see what was going on. Pops and Sparky had stood, and were now blocking the television so they could yell at the television. \"Something's happened to you brother's partner,\" Pops said. \"No, NO! Not that way!\" \"Try the jacks! I know you have them!\" Sparky yelled. \"Speed can't-he's going to do it! NO, don't do it!\" Pops screamed, the memory of Rex's try at this course coming back in horrible Technicolor detail. \" Watch out, Rex, you've got about five miles left in the course,\" Pops said into the microphone of his earpiece. \" Gotcha Pops,\" Rex answered, and Pops could literally hear the smile in his son's voice. Rex was currently leading, of course he'd be happy. The race continued in this fashion for about another mile, then some of the other contestants had snuck up behind Rex. One of the people Rex had become friendly with was in trouble, and Rex had gone to help him. \" Rex, no!\" Pops screamed as Rex tried a risky maneuver in order to free the caught driver. It worked; the driver was free, but Rex had crashed and nearly lost his life. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR Speed drove in close, his bumper and the other driver's nearly kissing. Racing side-by-side like this for several hundred feet, Speed suddenly pulled away, pressing A on his steering wheel. He immediately flipped, seeming to go away from the tangle, then switching direction and ramming into the car. The crash jostled all four cars, causing the offending cars to be jerked away from X's racer. It allowed X to speed ahead, leaving Speed to deal with the cars. Suddenly, grips shot out and trapped the Mach 6 in an iron grip. Speed tried to use the jacks to get himself out, but all that happened was him flipping over the car attached to him. The cables that were attached to the grips lengthened, going over the top of its host car, grips still attached to the Mach 6. Speed was now trapped in an open-roof car, being dragged along the rest of the race. Hey, anyone who may be thinking 'OMG! These characters are turning into such perfect people! It's attack of the Mary Sue and Gary Stu!' I don't intend for them to be that way, and I am working to remedy that as we speak-well, read anyway. I tend to have a bit of a problem when it comes to character development :D Suggestions for helping me with this would be a welcome feedback. It's also kinda bad when I can pick it out myself ^-^' Also, thank you SO MUCH to racergirl182! Your kind words, although few, have basically made my week! I hope you enjoyed this chapter![Chapter 7] Transfer complete. You may read chapter 7 of Road to Freedom at your leisure. Hip hip hooray for chapter 7! There's a pretty big surprise in this chapter, and don't ask me HOW they found the time for this, but I've got it all planned out already! So don't worry about the finer details, I'll explain it all at the end! Also, the extent of my medical knowledge is how to apply a band-aid to myself. Which I normally have trouble with anyway (that's another story entirely…please do not ask) so all the medical jargon is gibberish-y Greek to me! I went with the most likely things that would have happened. And if you haven't noticed by now, I'm totally taking liberties with this story. Want a timeline? PM me and I'll let you know how it's playing out right now. \" I have to do this. For you, and everyone-I mean everyone . I'll be back, don't worry.\" -Speed, Road to Freedom Speed's only dragged for a minute or so when his rescue bubble kicks in, saving him from further injury. But as he is checked over by the medical professionals that arrive on-scene, he decides on several things: firstly, never get dragged in an upside-down car. Next, don't lose your helmet when doing said activity. Finally: don't flip when attached to another car, you are able to avoid the resulting incidents entirely. The first-responders (of a sort anyway) pronounced him fine, save for a few bits of glass in his face and a strained neck muscle. The glass was removed easily, with antiseptic applied and bandages on the larger areas affected. X managed to catapult their team into third, finishing this portion of the race easily. He came back to the locker room, finding Speed and Trixie having a talk. Or, actually, Trixie talking to Speed about him 'not ever doing that again, did he even think about her? And what about his family? His long-lost dead-but-not-really brother, younger brother, and what about himself? Did he stop to think about what this may do to his career or what if he hadn't been wearing his helmet? And what about their baby?!' X and Speed both did a spit-take, or would have had they been drinking anything at the time. \"I-you-us-baby?\" is all that Speed's shocked brain could handle at that moment, gibberish flying a mile-a-minute out of his mouth. X wasn't much better. \"When would you guys have had time for THAT?!\" he cried. \"That-that's not to say I'm not happy for you. I am. But do we really have time for that? We still have to another two sections of race left! Two!\" \"I know!\" \"We really-I have no idea what we really need to do right now!\" X threw up his hand and sat on the recently-vacated bench that Speed had previously been occupying. Speed had stood a moment before, wonder on his face, staring at Trixie's still-flat belly. \"Baby,\" he murmured. \"Yes, we've established this, Speed! Now, what we have to do is come up with a plan for…\" X's words were wasted; Speed was too busy feeling Trixie's belly to even listen. \"Great; neither of them are listening to me. I might as well be talking to the wall.\" He hesitated a moment, then turned and said, \"Hello, wall. I should just be having a conversation with you. What's that? Oh, yes, thank you! Someone gets what I'm trying to say at least!\" \"I hear you, X, but my mind's not quite connecting. Gimme a minute,\" Speed said. He straightened a second later. \"OK, continue.\" X sighed. It was going to be a long day, not that it wasn't already. \"All right, so. Hooray for you two, you're having a baby. Now, we have to come up with a plan that we can use to sneak into corporate headquarters to get to the big bosses. But we can't do that unless we win. And to win, we have to fix the Mach 6 and the Mach 9 before tomorrow.\" \"I know. We could call-\" \"I know we can call Sparky, but he won't know how to fix any of the defenses or anything. We'll let the scientists do it.\" Speed seemed about to argue, then nodded. \"Yeah,\" he said quietly. X left a moment later, knowing the two would want a moment alone. \"When…\" \"About a month or two.\" Trixie laughed, nerves evident in it. \"I always wanted a child with you, just not…now.\" \"I'm the same. I always, always dreamed of our child since we started dating. I mean, this is great! But…\" \"But what?\" Trixie asked, her hand coming up to feel Speed's cheek, course with stubble. \"I want our kid to grow up without me having to do all this. \"Speed-\" \"No, Trixie, listen. This gives me just one more reason to fight them. You know I can't give up racing. And I know how to balance racing with family.\" \"I know this Speed, but you don't have-\" \"I have to do this. For you, and everyone-I mean everyone ,\" he added, caressing her still-flat belly. \"I'll be back, don't worry.\" Speed took Trixie's warm hand in his own, pressing it gently to his lips. \"I promise.\" I was totally procrastinating this entire chapter, so I'm really sorry about the wait. Good news: Sequel will come once this is finished! I am currently working on it on paper, so it will be up very shortly after this is finished. Posted along with this will be another story surrounding Speed, Trixie, and their child. It'll be oneshots in their home and family life. Sequel's title is Speed of Sound , and the oneshot story's title is That's a First ! Be sure to keep your eye out for these. Semi-good-bad news: I owe you guys an explanation on the baby. The baby was conceived about a month before the story started, and where the wedding is planned, the child will be born before they are married. I really wanted them to have a kid for the sequel, but I didn't want to just completely blind you with it. I still did, but I feel it wasn't as bad. Bad news has two parts. First, I don't have anymore prewritten chapters (at least not totally). Never fear for I will try not to take forever to post again. Second, I don't need names for the child because I was watching another movie and inspiration for child name just popped into my head. Which means that while baby names are a wonderful way to review, I really don't need them until Speed and Trixie have another kid (because you know they will!) Thanks to anyone who is still with this story.[Chapter 8] Welcome to Chapter 8 of Road to Freedom . We are getting into the final few chapters *crying in background* but we will have more in the sequel! *cheering* Hope you guys enjoy this chapter, for we will not be too much longer until the end. Two more parts after this if I've planned it right. I'm also trying something new. Instead of little snippets of other life that is happening at the same time, I am playing out a scene, then going technically back in time in order to play another scene. When they meet, it'll be the end of the chapter. This chapter features a mini-confrontation and bit bigger of a confrontation. This is more a filler-chapter than anything else. Also a TRILLION AND ONE thanks to racergirl 82 for the wonderful review and the offer of help with all things medical! I really appreciate you offering to help! \" I'm going after him.\" \" Speed, you can't!\" \" I can and I will.\" \" I'm coming with you then.\" -Speed and Spritle, Road to Freedom Two days later found Speed, X, and Trixie headed back, exhausted yet happy. In the end, they'd taken second with no more bad wreaks to speak of. It'd been touch and go, with the team finally making it almost a photo-finish for second. X had gone in a northern direction, saying something about talking to the Inspector before heading west to where the major corporations were. Speed and Trixie had gone south toward the Racer household. It was an easy ride now that they weren't completely pressed for time, and they took 3 days instead of two. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR Pops was gently napping in the living room when the gentle roar of a car engine woke him. He grumbled for a moment, then awoke fully when Spritle came racing in, shouting, \"Speed's home! Speed's home!\" Sparky, Chim Chim, and Mom were following behind in order to greet the two who were just getting home. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR Speed and Trixie pulled up to the garage, parking in the driveway instead of pulling in. Speed grabbed the two bags, taking them in the door Trixie held open. He blinked in shock; the family had gathered in order to welcome them home. \"Uh, hi?\" Speed tried, but was outvoted when he and Trixie were mobbed by Mom, who pulled the bags from his hands and set them down. She pulled the two into the kitchen. Sparky grabbed the luggage, taking them in and setting them inside the garage door. Pops was waiting in the kitchen. He said, rather gruffly, \"You shouldn't have done that in the race.\" He then gave them a small smile and said, \"Glad you two are back.\" Mom sat down a plate of sandwiches. \"You two, eat!\" she said, pointing to them and then to the sandwiches. Speed looked at Trixie, smiling and gesturing for her to sit first. She did, taking a PB and J to eat. Speed sat, taking another sandwich and immediately eating it, savoring the mix of flavors on his tongue. Trixie did the same, eating almost ravenously. \"Did you two not eat or something?\" Mom said with faint disapproval, watching them eat. Speed turned to Spritle, who he'd been tuning out. \"Yes, Spritle, we got a good placing. What?\" Spritle stopped jumping around, gasping a really deep breath. \"Did you guys get to meet anyone important?!\" \"Yes, the second place finishers get to meet with some of the more minor corporations. Why?\" \"'Cause I just wanted to know,\" the little boy said, running off to play with his pet. Trixie shook her head with a smile on her face. Her look said Get used to it. We'll have one like that soon enough. Speed rolled his eyes, but grinned all the same. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR That night, Speed gently stole out of his room. His duffle was still by the kitchen's door to the garage, but that wasn't what he was after. He was headed for the Mach 6, and attempting not to wake Trixie or the rest of the house. Unfortunately, that was not the case. \"Where you going?\" The small voice made Speed stop and turn. Spritle stood behind him, fully dressed for some reason and rubbing his eyes free of sleep. \"Nowhere, go back to bed.\" \"You're going somewhere,\" Spritle said, coming closer to Speed. He looked up at his taller brother. \"Does it have to do with Racer X?\" It was no use lying to him. \"I'm going after him.\" Spritle gasped. \"Speed, you can't!\" \"I can and I will.\" \"I'm coming with you then,\" the still-small-but-not-quite boy said, heading for the garage door. \"Spritle, I can't do that.\" \"You're not, I am.\" Speed rolled his eyes. \"All right, fine. But you're going to have to be really quiet!\" Spritle nodded enthusiastically, heading for the Mach 6 in the driveway. With his younger brother where Trixie normally sat, Speed was off in the night, headed for California and hoping to make it in time to meet X. X was right where he needed to be, but it was the wrong time. He'd walked into the Inspector's office to find the CEO of Togokhan Industries leaving. X glared at the man, but didn't say anything as he walked into the Inspector's office. \"Ah, X! Or should I say, Mr. Racer? You have been having an identity crisis, correct?\" Years of working with the Inspector kept X from asking how he'd known. \"What was Togokhan doing here?\" he demanded, leaning on his hands on the desk in front of the Inspector. The Inspector spread his hands in a helpless gesture. \"What can I say? Business is business. His just happens to be one of the best.\" \"So you do business with a known criminal?! Well, what am I surprised for?\" X snorted, standing straight and turning. \"It's always about money, even in 'honorable' businesses.\" X walked to the door, then turned once more to look at the Inspector. \"I'll do this last job, but know this: I'm done. After this, find someone else to do your dirty work while you double-deal on the side.\" With that, X stormed from the office. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR X's Mach 9 sped along the back roads towards California. It was doing something therapeutic to the man, letting tension ease from his shoulders and face and helping his anger to dissipate some. \"Ah, what do I care?\" X said to himself. \"I told him I was done. I'll start my own inside jobs. He was just the launch for me.\" But as X continued to grow ever-closer to California, it became harder to tell himself that. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR X pulled into Los Angeles, where Togokhan Industries was centered. He pulled up a block away from the corporation, marveling at the fact that the few pedestrians roaming the streets seemed oblivious to the mark of illegal, the epitome of the betting pools of all the races around the world, that was right in their backyards. X stepped out of his car and leaned up against it, facing the large building. Hearing another car pull up, X looked over, the looked again to check that he'd seen right. The Mach 6 had just pulled up, with Speed and Spritle exiting the vehicle. \"Hi!\" Spritle shouted, racing over to greet X. \"Thought you were doing this alone?\" Speed smirked at his brother. \"No, I was actually wondering why you brought him,\" X said, pointing at Spritle. \"Don't ask,\" Spritle and Speed said together. It was the best laugh X had had in a long time Well, what do you think? Personally, I liked how this turned out. It flowed a lot better than I thought it would. Drop me a line through review, I get bored talking to myself over here! And I gave you two in a day to make up for missing several days' worth of updating. Last few parts should be posted within the week, but with a band trip on Thursday night and not getting home 'til late from that, then going BACK TO THE SAME CITY to participate in Sate Forensics, I probably won't update either of those days. Hopefully this'll be done by then though and I'll be well into writing the sequel and everything.[Chapter 9] Well, folks, we're down to the nitty-gritty of the story and the main event chapter! This chapter features the break in the tension between X and Speed with Togokhan with Spritle helping out. But I won't keep ruining it for you. This chapter was originally going to be long with all of the ending, but I decided to make it into a two-part climax that are slightly-shorter-but-still-long. For now, on with Chapter 9 of Road to Freedom ! I'm doing that backtrack thing again, so you get both parts of the thing. You'll see what I mean. There's also a bit more language in this chapter. Also, I thought Spritle needed a bigger part, which is why he got to tag along. Again, taking liberties! The cartoon Speed's eyes were blue, so I'm making movie Speed's eyes blue too, even though Emile Hirsch's eyes are brown. \" Is it always like this?\" \" It's not always this easy, Spritle.\" \" Seems easy to me.\" \" Listen to Speed, kid. It seriously shouldn't be this easy.\" \" It's not anymore.\" \" Well, that's a bust.\" -Speed, Spritle, Racer X, and a Togokhan Industries guard, Road to Freedom \"So, what's the game plan?\" Speed asked, bouncing on the balls of his feet. \"We need to get in, obviously. From the schematics I studied on the way, there should be some narrow venting shafts around the back side of the building. There's also three guard rotations, and there'll be one in 20 minutes. Plenty of time. They'll probably take about 5 minutes, which means whoever's going in-\" Here, he paused and looked at Speed, the skinniest of the group- \"will need to get in quickly. We'll put the vent back and take out the guards in the back in order to get in. The door will be locked, which is why you need to go in the vent, Speed.\" \"Wait, wait, what? Why me?!\" \"You're the skinny one,\" Spritle said matter-of-factly, crossing his arms to close the matter. Speed turned to X, applying for mercy. \"You've got the schematics memorized, why don't you do it?\" he asked, blue eyes glaring. X shrugged. \"Can't fit,\" he said simply. \"Anyway, as I was saying, you'll go in. Once you get in, you'll find several other paths leading off. Follow the one you're in until you reach the sixth on the left, not sixth total. Turn in that sixth one and go for 20 feet. You'll find a vent leading to your right. Follow that one until you reach the end.\" \"You know I'm going to get lost, right?\" \"When you get to the end, you'll be five, six hundred feet to the back doors. They'll be on your right. We'll have the guards out, you just need to evade the watch and let us in.\" \"How can you get lost from that, Speed?\" Spritle asked, confused. \"You race and don't get lost.\" \"That's because I have someone telling me where to go just before I get there!\" Speed said, attempting to keep his voice normal. \"Quit whining. It's not like you're going for miles with just those directions.\" X then groaned, rolling his eyes and checking his watch. \"We've still got 15 minutes, want me to go over the directions again?\" The three stood there for a while longer, then headed over toward the building. \"Know where you're going?\" X asked for a final time. \"Got it,\" Speed said, tapping his temple. Together, they lifted the outer grate off. No guards were in sight; they'd timed it perfectly. \"OK, up,\" X said quietly, near whisper, as he laced his fingers together and forming a step. Speed stepped into the hand, and X boosted his hand up as Speed pulled himself up. He went in headfirst, with just enough room to wiggle his hand around to give them a thumbs-up. X got the grate back up by himself with little trouble, making it appear as though they hadn't been there. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR X checked his watch again. \"OK, kid, let's get back a ways. The guards will be back anytime. We'll wait a minute, then get the two by the door.\" \"You sure know a lot about the guard rotations,\" Spritle said suspiciously. X shrugged. \"That's part of my job,\" he said, motioning for the boy to follow. They hid in the bushes, sneaking their way farther to the door. X could see into the doors, and watched as a guard walked past. When he was gone, X leaned close to Spritle. \"Now, we're going to separate,\" he said, words barely audible. \"I'll go over toward this side, you go back that way. Don't go too far. I'll distract them, then we'll go in.\" He handed Spritle a wrapped cloth. \"Unwrap this when I cause the distraction, then put it over the mouth and nose. It'll get them down without harming them too much.\" At Spritle's skeptical look, he defended, \"Hey! Archaic it may be, chloroform works!\" Spritle shrugged, but moved off a few feet. X moved also, grasping a rock in his empty hand. Gently, he tossed it out in front of the two. \"What the hell?\" One muttered, leaning forward to inspect it. The other rolled his eyes. \"G, it's a rock. What's so great about a rock?\" \"Jay, it could be someone's here!\" \"Grant-\" It was that moment X and Spritle struck, placing the rags over the guards' noses. They struggled a moment, then passed out. X dragged both bodies into the bushes. \"Now, we hope the others aren't suspicious at these two gone, and Speed gets here soon, huh?\" Spritle asked. X thought a moment, then said, \"Yeah, that's about it.\" They sat down to wait. Speed crawled through the duct, aluminum banging if he put a hand or knee down too hard. The endeavor to be quiet, however, was a tough one, with Speed having to go as slowly as he could to make sure he was silent. Sixth on the left. Sixth on the left. Sixth on the left. That was the mantra replaying its way in Speed's mind. He found the duct he was supposed to take, then muffled a groan of dismay. The duct went straight up, how high Speed couldn't see. He crawled into the cramped corner, thankful of his lithe frame in order to access the duct. He stood, being as quiet as he could. Luckily, he could reach it; however, he would be reaching for it. Speed grit his teeth, reaching as far as his arms could. His fingertips grasped it, and he stood on toe-tips to get a better grip. Speed sighed, then reached one foot up to brace it on the duct wall. If he did it this way, it wouldn't work as well. So he let go, leaving his foot on the wall and pressing his back on the opposite. He braced his arms on the sides and lifted the other foot. Now what? he thought, then an idea sparked. He let himself down and repositioned himself so he was on the side instead of the back. He did the same as before, but now he could reach the top when he got there. Shimmying his way to the top proved to be easy; it was the getting to the ledge that was difficult. Speed wished for once that he was shorter; his head hit the top of the shaft when he reached the top. He scooted down a little, enough to still reach easily. He lifted his far arm over, grasping an overlap from where the duct pieces met just a little past the edge. His other arm was pinned, so he shuffled until he could reach out. As he did, he slipped, barely managing to get his other hand to the same lip before he was dangling in the shaft. Now, however, he was able to pull himself in easily, stopping to catch his breath. \"Thanks, Rex, you sure know how to tell me what's coming,\" he muttered aloud, subconsciously using his brother's given name. He easily found the end of the duct, and it came out near the floor of the room. Speed pushed the grate out after checking for people and wiggled and shimmied until he was in the room. Replacing the grate, he took the moment to look out the window and groaned. He was looking down from a second-story window. He ran out the room without checking, but no guards were in sight. A map was posted a ways from the door; Speed didn't stop to look at it, just grabbed it and rolled it up to carry it. He reached the hall's end, then stopped while on the stairs. \"OK, I'm here,\" he murmured, pointing at a staircase that seemed most likely. \"And I need to get here,\" he added, pointing at another spot on the map. He rolled it back up and walked down the stairs, finding another map with a bright red 'YOU ARE HERE' arrow. \"Well, I was right at least,\" Speed said to himself, continuing on. He made it out into another hall without incident, quietly walking to the first doors he saw. A glance told him no guards were in sight, and he opened the doors. X and Spritle came from the bushes as he did, brushing themselves off from sitting on the ground. \"What took you so long?\" Spritle asked his brother. \"Got lost,\" Speed admitted. \"Which I said I would!\" he added, glaring at X, who shrugged. \"Can't blame me for what you did,\" he shot back. Spritle rolled his eyes. \"Come on, you two!\" he said. \"You fight like an old married couple.\" \"Don't say things like that,\" Speed admonished absently, leading the way after consulting his map again. 10 minutes passed, and the three had made it up 3 levels with minimal fuss. \"Is it always like this?\" Spritle asked. \"It's not always this easy, Spritle.\" \"Seems easy to me.\" \"Listen to Speed, kid. It seriously shouldn't be this easy.\" The three's conversation grew slightly louder, enough to catch the attention of a guard. \"It's not anymore,\" the guard said, stopping them in their tracks. \"Well, that's a bust,\" Speed groaned as the man led them away. \"Although it might be faster than the way we were going.\" The guard laughed while X and Spritle rolled their eyes yet again. They certainly do a lot of that, don't they? *giggle* I'm rather happy how this is playing out. I was typing the climbing scene, then said to myself, \"If he's staying on the first floor and already went up, why would he be going up again?\" then thought, 'Oh duh, he's lost!' 2000 words later according to FF, I thought it would be longer, but this is how it panned out. I'm not certain, but it *may* end up being a three-part chapter. Part two of ch. 9 will be up by tomorrow night if not sooner. Happy trails all![Chapter 10] Part two of chapter 9 is served! \" Let's make a deal.\" \" Please, let's not.\" \" I think we should.\" \"Quiet!\" \" Aw, let the boy make a deal!\" \" No. As his older brother, I say he can't!\" \" Speed!\" \" I said no. I really don't want Pops killing me for letting you get killed.\" \" But it'd be my fault…\" \" Doesn't matter, he'd still kill me!\" -Speed, Spritle, and Togokhan, Road to Freedom \"So…what's your name?\" Speed asked, bored, as the guard continued to lead them up. He glanced behind him. \"…Marcus.\" \"How are you, Marcus?\" X asked, doing the same as Speed and trying to make conversation. \"Uh, good. Good, I guess. Why are you talking to me?\" \"They're bored,\" Spritle informed the man dully. \"Ah, a couple of those, eh?\" Marcus said knowingly. \"Yeah, pretty much.\" \"You talking about us up there?\" X asked, causing Speed and Marcus to break into peals of laughter. \"No duh they're talking about us!\" Speed choked out, clapping X's shoulder. Spritle rolled his eyes. \"Only you, Speed, would laugh at this!\" he called behind him. Speed shrugged. \"Gotta do something to keep my mind from worrying,\" he said. X looked sympathetically at him. \"You thinking about what I think you're thinking about?\" he asked. \"Well, if you're thinking I'm thinking about what you think I'm thinking about, and I really am, then yeah.\" \"I do believe I'm thinking about the same thing you're thinking.\" \"All right, what are you two thinking about?!\" Spritle cried, spinning around and causing Speed to trip. Speed grabbed X's shoulder, and he fell as well. The three ended in a tangle on the floor with Marcus looking down at them. Marcus shook his head. \"You guys are a bunch of clowns,\" he snorted. \"No, I take that back. I've seen better break-ins by clowns! What were you thinking, trying to take on Togokhan Industries?!\" \"Lots of stuff,\" Speed said, standing after he'd extracted himself. \"We were thinking about this, obviously. Some other thoughts, from me at least, were of my girl, baby names, hope that we wouldn't get caught…\" \"All right, I get the point!\" Marcus shouted. \"Let's-let's just keep going. Please? I really don't want to look like a fool!\" \"Fine,\" X groaned, then muffled under a cough, \"Killjoy.\" \"Quiet!\" SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR Soon enough, they reached the office of the CEO, whom X had seen leaving the Inspector's office just-was it really just 6 hours previously? Togokhan was turned in his chair, facing a large television screen. \"The men who were breaking in,\" Marcus said promptly, bowing and backing out of the office. \"Sit, gentlemen, sit,\" Togokhan waved, still not having turned. After a minute when whatever he was watching turned to commercial, he turned and grinned at them. \"So, you attempted to break in, huh?\" \"Well, when you say it like that, it sounds so-depressing. Almost like we hadn't gotten in yet! We did make it in; we even made it to the fourth floor!\" Speed said, almost laughing in spite of the grave situation. Togokhan did laugh, but it was a frightening sound. \"That you did. I must congratulate you all on a job well done. Or something of that sort.\" \"Oh great, he's one of THOSE,\" X muttered. \"So gentlemen, what did you think of my building? At least what you've seen, anyway,\" Togokhan asked, leaning back and propping his fingertips together. \"Really nice, actually,\" Spritle said, plopping himself on the ground. \"Yeah, but I expected more guards,\" X added, crossing his arms. \"Your venting needs work, though. I'm pretty sure it's not up to code,\" Speed said, motioning at the walls. Togokhan waved a hand. \"Petty things,\" he said with a feral smile. \"On a grand scale, it will make no difference. With Royalton out of the way, thanks to you two and my son, Togokhan Industries was the next biggest company, perfectly positioned to take over should Royalton screw up. And, of course, he did by attempting to use an illegal item in that race. The fool sealed his own fate, naturally. TI just…helped it along, I guess you could say.\" The Asian man leaned forward then, a steely glint in his eyes. \"Let's make a deal.\" \"Please, let's not.\" \"I think we should,\" Spritle chimed in. \"Quiet!\" X shushed. \"Aw, let the boy make a deal!\" \"No. As his older brother, I say he can't!\" Speed said, glaring once more. \"Speed!\" \"I said no. I really don't want Pops killing me for letting you get killed.\" \"But it'd be my fault…\" Togokhan said, rather confused. \"Doesn't matter, he'd still kill me!\" \"Trust me, I know their father. He'd do it too,\" X said, backing Speed's claim. Togokhan faked a long-suffering sigh. \"Pity, they all say that.\" \"Who, the yahoos you hire?\" \"Ah ha ha, very funny. No, the others that fool of an inspector has sent.\" \"You're working with him,\" X said, to Speed's shock. \"That's what happened to the others. My guess? You needed people to test out defenses, or something. He found you the guys to do it. You were preparing it for something.\" He paused, then added, \"Or someone.\" \"And when they weren't enough,\" Speed cut in, just before Togokhan could answer, \"you decided that the best way was to take out Royalton. That's why Taejo was trying to incriminate Royalton. He said that he didn't really have information right after we'd won, that he was trying to affect your stocks. You…\" Speed trailed off, eyes widening. \"You trained someone, enough that they could get into Royalton Industries to get evidence, and waited for the right moment to let it out.\" He shook his head, applauding. \"I have to admit, that's pretty genius of you. But,\" he added, \"it wasn't quite enough, was it? I know, you've been fixing races for years. But what you needed was someone on your side to win it, but Royalton's were obviously the best. By taking out their employer, you'd get the best. Your revenues would soar. And so would the gambling ring's.\" \"I must admit, you are putting together a lot of evidence against me,\" Togokhan said, smiling again. \"You've even gotten a lot of it right. But there is one thing you missed.\" \"Oh, I know where this is going,\" Speed groaned. Togokhan didn't reply, just continued with, \"You, Speed, and you, Racer X. You two are the best racers there are in this world. I want you both on my team.\" Neither got a chance to reply, as Taejo chose that moment to burst in. \"Oh, so I'm not good enough, am I? Going to send me off packing and hire these two losers?\" Togokhan massaged his temples. \"Taejo-\" \"No, Dad! I WILL prove myself to you!\" He turned to Speed and X. \"All right, which one of you wants to race me to show him who REALLY is a winner?! Huh?! Any takers?! Come on, don't be wimps!\" \"Taejo, shut up a minute!\" Speed and X practically screamed at the same time! \"We really don't want to work for your dad,\" X explained. \"You…don't?\" Taejo asked. \"'Course not,\" Speed said. \"What's he got to offer us?\" \"Your lives, perhaps?\" Togokhan said, pressing a button on his desk. Several guards burst in, two grabbing Spritle and the others guarding all exits. \"Yeah, that might be something worth it,\" Speed said to X. \"I have a deal for you,\" Togokhan said. \"You both race against Taejo. If he wins, he stays, you three are allowed to go. If either of you win, both of you work for me and Taejo finds other work. But,\" he added, \"if you lose intentionally or refuse to race, the three of you die.\" DUN DUN DUN! OK, so, no, not really a cliff-hanger. Next chapter WILL BE IT FOR CHAPTER 9! I promise![Chapter 11] OK, part 3 of chapter 9, and I absolutely PROMISE this is the last bit of chapter 9 you have to read! Honest! OK, yeah, I don't have a good track record with this chapter so far, but I will type this to the end even if it kills me! Not literally, I hope. Anyway, everybody please take your seats and fasten your seatbelts, we are in for the flight into the final part of our journey until the tenth and final chapter! Hey, just one quick question-is it just me, or did the characters start stiff and become fun ?! \" Typical.\" \" Of course.\" \" Not fair.\" \" Spritle, no one ever said everything was fair. Deal with it.\" -Speed, X, and Spritle, Road to Freedom X pressed his hands into his face, shoulders shaking. It took a moment for everyone to realize he was laughing. X's palms pressed into his eyes, slowly wiping them and bringing his hands down his cheeks. \"Oh, you drive a very hard bargain,\" he said, tears of mirth and from his hands prickling the corners of his eyes. \"I have a question,\" Speed asked, raising his hand and looking around. \"How will you be able to tell if Taejo beat us or if we let him beat us?\" Togokhan smiled. \"Details, details,\" he scoffed. \"We'll be monitoring your cars, of course. If you, for any reason, dip below a certain speed and it is not because of accident or from trying to avoid someone-should I say, some thing ?-we will take it as a sign you are slowing in order to allow my son to win.\" \"OK then,\" Spritle whistled. \"Then…yeah, I think we might have to take that bet,\" Speed said. \"Most definitely,\" X replied. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR Half an hour later, Togokhan, Taejo, X, Speed, and Spritle were at the local track, with the Mach 6 and 9, along with Taejo's car. Togokhan was explaining the rules. \"You know the stakes, you know what you have to do. When you are racing, you can only follow the rules as set by the WRL. That means no cheating, no using the upgrades in your car, and no foul play. However,\" Togokhan added, eyes glittering, \"my son is allowed to use everything in his arsenal.\" \"Typical.\" \"Of course.\" \"Not fair.\" \"Spritle, no one ever said everything was fair. Deal with it.\" \"Well, they should have said everything was fair,\" Spritle pouted. Togokhan coughed. \"Uh, are you going to stand here and debate this, or will there be a race?\" he asked testily. \"Race,\" Speed and Spritle said at the same time. \"Well, then, let's race!\" When the three drivers were settled in their cars, Togokhan himself came out. \"Three laps!\" he called, raising the start gun. He pressed the trigger, and they were off. Speed had intentionally spun his wheels when they began, allowing X and Taejo to shoot ahead of him. His start was slower, but he was quickly past 120, the speed he needed to be above. The curves came up ahead, the scanner on his car alerting him to the impending danger ahead. The Mach 6 fishtailed around the corners, and Speed saw that he was gaining on the other two. As for X, he'd made it past the curves and was right up next to Taejo. The younger man launched something at him, and it gripped into the metal side of his car. Jerking the wheel, Taejo and X were swerving all around the course. X became frustrated. He had the perfect thing that would've gotten rid of it immediately, but he was unable to use it. He settled for trying to time his wheel against Taejo's. It worked; the grip ripped a hole in the side, but was able to get free. X saw the frustrated snarl on Taejo's face from his car. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR Spritle was in the box with Togokhan and a couple guards. He listened in the earpiece for Speed and X, monitoring their communications. Beside him, Togokhan was doing the same for Taejo. \"Speed, X, try to win. It'll be better than losing,\" Spritle said worriedly, glancing over at Togokhan, who was yelling into his microphone. \" Gotcha,\" came Speed's reply, crackling in the outdated headset. \" I'm almost ready to make a pass,\" X said in Spritle's ear. \"Good,\" he said, listening to what Togokhan was yelling. \"You want to win?! Play dirty! Come on! That grip wasn't doing anything to him, or didn't you notice that he managed to pull away?!\" Spritle spoke again, quieter this time. \"Guys, Togokhan is telling Taejo to pull out the big guns. You might want to hurry.\" The first lap passed, with Taejo holding a slim lead over X and Speed, both managing to avoid any traps in the course or any by Taejo. The second lap also passed, with X managing to pull into the lead. Speed was then left to entertain Taejo. \"Speed, watch out!\" Spritle shouted. Quieter, he added, \"Togokhan just told Taejo to use something called the 'Diamond Blades,' I don't know what that is.\" \" I do,\" came the grim reply. SRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR Speed grew more concerned as the third lap neared the end. If Taejo really wanted to win, he'd make a move now. And he did, using the blades equipped to his car. One went to the side, near Speed's car, and the other reached out in front the few feet it needed to reach X's car. \"Ah!\" Speed shouted, swerving sideways but not slowing. \"X, watch out, it's right on your tail!\" \"I know!\" he shouted back. \" Guys, stop! You need to WIN, not argue!\" was the scream from Spritle in the box. \"Kind of hard right now, Spritle!\" Speed cried, continuing to dodge swipes by the blade. The finish line was in sight, and all three cars were next to each other; it was going to be close. It was a photo-finish, and slow motion replays showed that the cars crossed the line at almost the exact same time. The officials didn't quite know what to say. Togokhan pushed them aside, then chuckled. The chuckle grew into a full laugh, which grew louder and louder. Finally, he wiped his eyes and applauded. \"Bravo, bravo!\" he cried. \"Now you ALL get to work for me!\" Speed squeezed his eyes shut, nearly crying. X rolled his eyes. \"Great, yay yay. Now, uh, I say…I quit working for you. And, of course, so does Speed. RIGHT, Speed?\" he stressed. \"Uh, yeah, yeah! Of course!\" Speed said, catching on quickly. Togokhan shook his head. \"Doesn't work like that,\" he said. \"You need to break a contract.\" \"OK, I'll bet,\" Speed said, improvising, \"you have them made up, right?\" \"Yes, of course.\" \"So, what can't we do?\" Togokhan smiled. \"Lose. Or fish after 7 P.M.\" Speed checked his watch. \"Perfect!\" he said. \"Now, about those contracts…\" Togokhan whipped them out, and the three signed them. Speed and X laughed. Speed pulled two fishing poles out of the Mach 6. \"Wait, why do you even HAVE those?\" Taejo asked, very much confused. \"Trixie and I went fishing a week ago, and I didn't take them out,\" Speed confirmed. They raced over to the lake that was nearby. \"Hey, wait!\" Togokhan shouted. \"You're in violation of your contracts!\" \"So you have to fire us, right?\" X yelled back as they cast their lines. Togokhan smacked his head. \"I knew I shouldn't have put that in there,\" he groaned. It was two hours later that found Speed, Spritle, and X leaving Los Angeles. \"Well, that was fun,\" Speed sighed. \"Let's not do it again,\" X suggested. \"Yeah, good idea.\" Laughing, they parted ways, Speed and Spritle headed for home and X off to whatever he did when he wasn't working. Which…wasn't very often that he wasn't. Love it, hate it, thought it was WAY too amusing/lighthearted/funny for a supposedly-grim chapter? Think I need something a little darker for the actual ending? Let me know what you want! Otherwise, I'll just go with something completely inane.[Chapter 12] Hi everybody. This chapter is late, I know. I'm sorry. I had a band trip Thursday night and got back at 1:00 in the morning, then left the next day to go to State Forensics, where I got a second (I'm only a freshman, so I was really excited), and then didn't get home until 10:30. I didn't start this before I left, so that's why it's late. However, we're finally at the end. I'm rather sad; I loved writing this for you. Never fear, I have Speed of Sound planned and will be starting it tonight. That's a First will also start tonight, and both will be posted tomorrow. Thank you to everybody who reviewed! Here are the replies: TheVoyager25: I'm glad for your advice! I'll certainly keep it in mind and try to make the chapters longer for Speed of Sound . That's a First chapters will be shorter though, since they're more or less little bits. Some will be longer though. Thank you so much! Dragon Reverb: This is the final bit, though. I'm glad you liked the story. racergirl82: I'm glad you thought it was a good tension breaker; I was having trouble coming up with ideas. Again, a HUGE thank you to the reviewers! Now, for the final part of Road to Freedom ! \" Don't you EVER do anything like that again, Speed Racer!\" \" Yes ma'am.\" -Speed and Mom, Road to Freedom Speed made good time, getting himself and his brother halfway across the country in just over a day. They pulled into the driveway of the house at about 11 P.M., both tired but satisfied. The entire family came flying out almost as soon as they'd opened the doors, with Trixie and Mom in the lead. Trixie leapt into Speed's arms, her arms around his neck in an instant. \"Don't ever do that again,\" she whispered. \"OK, next time I'll take you,\" Speed said, kissing her. She giggled, letting him go. He set her down just in time for his mother to grasp him. \"Mom, I can't breathe,\" he gasped in her hold. \"You shouldn't,\" she scolded. \"What were you thinking? Taking your brother off on some foolhardy something or other, and not even telling us how long you'd be gone! Don't you EVER do anything like that again, Speed Racer!\" \"Yes ma'am,\" Speed said, and his mother let him go. At about four in the morning, Pops and Speed were in the living room watching an old race rerun. Pops set it on mute and sighed, turning to Speed. \"So, want to tell me where you went?\" he asked in his best not answering is not an option voice. \"We went to California to try and get Togokhan Industries shut down,\" Speed said, sighing as well. \"Unfortunately, we got caught and didn't manage it. But we did get to race and had fun fishing to break a contract.\" \"I'm…not going to ask,\" Pops muttered. \"So, I'm assuming that Spritle tagged along?\" \"Almost. He asked where I was going and kinda talked me into it,\" Speed admitted. \"Yeah, well, sounds like another kid I know,\" Pops said. \"You would've done the same thing. You three boys are all alike.\" Speed half-laughed, half-sighed. \"I did look up to Rex, and Spritle looks up to me, I guess.\" Jokingly, he added, \"But I'm not sure where Rex got it…any ideas, Pops?\" \"I haven't a clue,\" Pops said airily, looking up. He glanced down again. \"I know Rex is proud.\" \"Yeah,\" Speed said. They sat in silence, then a knock came at the door. \"Yes-oh, it's you,\" Pops muttered. \"Come in, I suppose.\" Speed glanced up, surprised to see X standing there. \"What're you doing here?\" he asked curiously. \"Figured I'd stop by with this,\" X said, tossing a chip at Speed. \"I've already got a copy. Taejo slipped it into my car before we left, I guess. There was a note that only said 'Thanks,' but I'd know Taejo's writing anywhere. Anyway, check it out, then call me so we can discuss it later.\" He turned, then added, \"Tell your brother he did good. I forgot to.\" X left, leaving Speed holding a small computer wafer and a curious Pops looking at X, then Speed, then the chip. \"Well, let's see what it is,\" Speed groaned, standing and walking over to the computer. He booted it, putting the chip in. A list came up, along with budgets, income, expenses, and… \"Is that what I think it is?\" Speed muttered, furrowing his brows. \"If you think it's the won bets from fixing races, then yes it is,\" Pops said in awe. \"That son of Togokhan's really gave this to him?\" \"Apparently,\" Speed said. He sat back and whistled quietly. \"Well, that's one problem solved.\" \"So it is,\" Pops agreed. A few hours later found Speed and X having talked. They'd sent in the evidence, and the noon news featured the story of Togokhan and his employees being arrested. \"All's well that ends well,\" Mom sniffed, turning back to their lunch. \"So it is,\" Speed said, hugging Trixie. \"Even if it is cliché as all get-out.\" And that's that. I'm happy this is done, but sad because it is done. Hope you enjoyed it and will check out both Speed of Sound and That's a First ! Thanks to everyone who read this and/or stuck with this to the end! ","Summary":" Hello all! I watched the Speed Racer FINALLY, and decided to add my own two-cents to this fandom. S"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"Candys not always sweet","Author":"scarlett with a kiss","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9331116","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey everyone! I felt really inspired to write this after watching Django again last week. I hope you like it and I encourage your reviews because your reviews are the fuel to my writing fire. Thanks! Xx disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters or things associated with the film. I don't agree with the way people were treated back then. The language I will use in this story is not meant to be offensive to any readers, but to add to the story experience and help you understand how people were back then. The rusty slave carts rolled under the hot Mississippi sun, towards the massive white gates with an equally huge mansion behind it. Everyone sat hunched over and wearing their potato sack like clothes. Their skin was coated in a layer of dirt,their faces were tired with sadness, and their hair was tangled and dirty. Among the many innocent slaves sat a young girl. She stood out like a fly in a glass of milk. The girls skin was clean and glowing, her black hair flowed halfway down her back in gentle waves, she was skinny but obviously well fed, her hands were soft, she had plump,pink, lips, and her big brown eyes had a mysterious sparkle in them. As the cart picked up speed, her long white cotton dress flowed, and the lily in her hair fell out. The other people in her cart looked at her, astonished. The girl looked like she had never worked a day in her life. The men who were leading and guarding the carts, eyed her hungrily. Swiftly and quickly the slave carts entered the mansion gates and roughly halted in front of the large wooden front door. The horseback men dismounted and ordered the slaves to get into lines. \"Get in straight fucking lines! Hurry up now we aint got all day!\", yelled one of the overseers. A white haired, dark skinned man, with a cane approached the line of the new slaves. \"Well, well, what have we got here? You poor devils are gonna either like it here at Candieland, or hate it\", the man chuckled and continued. \"You niggas are going to call me Mr. Stephen . Now imma examine you and give you a job. Y'all understand?\" The slaves looked down and some of them nodded. Stephen went down the line of people and gave each of them a number and a key to a shack, which they were to live in. Somewhere towards the end of the line, Stephen reached the young, mysterious girl. \"Whats your name girl?\", he asked. The girl looked down and didn't give him an answer. \"When I speak to you, you must answer me! Now lets try again. I said, whats your name girl?\" Still looking down, she mustered,\"Sheba.\" \"Where did they get your sorry ass from?\", asked Stephen. \"Texas\" \"And what exactly did you do at your old plantation?\" \"I was a companion to the owners wife. She was a lonely woman\", replied Sheba. As Stephen kept interrogating the gorgeous girl, the owner of Candieland peered from out the window. He smirked and signaled Stephen to come inside. \"Stay here girl\", ordered Stephen. A few minutes passed before he came back out. Without even bothering to come past the doorsteps of the house, he said,\"You're coming inside. The master wants to see you.\" With a surprised look on her face, Sheba continued towards the door where Stephen was standing. The other slaves looked at her with upset faces because they knew what happens to pretty young girls who get called inside on the first day.[Chapter 2] Sheba stepped past the gigantic, mahogany, doors of the big house. The doors slammed behind her as she began to take in the glamour of the home. The marble floors were sparkling clean and Sheba could see her reflection as clearly as a mirror. \"Whatcha lookin at girl! Get your ass movin. Mr. Candie don't like waitin long\", blared Stephen from behind her. Sheba jumped at his ice cold hands grabbing her arm. He spun her around and looked at her closely. \"CORA!\" Stephen yelled for the head maid of the house and surely, she came running towards them. \" Cora I want you get this girl cleaned up and presentable\", said Stephen. Cora hated Stephen and unlike all the other slaves on the plantation, she didn't fear him. \"Why?\", asked Cora. Stephen shot her a dirty look and answered, \"She seein Mr. Candie.\" Cora's eyes instantly widened. She quickly grabbed Sheba by the hand and dragged her past what felt like a million doors. Cora finally halted in front of a tall chestnut door. She opened it and led Sheba in. \"Now child, sit right there\", said Cora, as she pointed Sheba towards a short but cushioned stool. Sheba sat down and Cora didn't hesitate to get started. She began yanking at Sheba's long black hair with an ivory comb. \"How old is you?\", asked Cora. Sheba winced from the pain of brush and replied,\"18\" Cora shook her head and grimaced. \"Yup. Mr. Candie likes em young don't he?\", Cora asked no one in particular. As Cora continued to twist and turn her hair, Sheba thought to herself. ' I wonder if Mr. Candie is as bad as I've heard. I wonder if he's old and wrinkly and ugly. I wonder if he's going to make me do horrible things' The more she thought about the possibilities of her new master being horrible, the more nervous she became. Before she could think of another scary thought, Cora interrupted her. \"Take that dress off child.\" Sheba slipped out of her simple cotton dress and Cora put a corset over her bare chest. While she was getting the corset laced up, Cora asked,\" you ever been touched by a man girl.\" Sheba looked down a muttered a faint \"no.\" Cora smiled and finished the corset. Cora went farther into the room and grabbed a champagne colored dress. The dress glittered and sparkled. It had a low back that barely covered Sheba's behind. The dress hugged Sheba's hourglass figure and plunged just a bit to show off her full chest. After getting dressed, Sheba put on a light layer of red lipstick and drew a thin wing of eyeliner over her eyelids. Cora backed up to admire her handiwork. \"Mmm girl you be lookin mighty beautiful\", exclaimed Cora. Sheba looked in the mirror and even though she loved the way she looked, she just couldn't shake off the uneasy feeling that laid on her shoulders. Cora took her out of the room and led her up the long, marble, staircase. Cora walked her past more big doors until they reached the end of hall. Cora stopped in front of a set of white double doors, the only white doors in the whole house. Without a goodbye, Cora walked away from Sheba. Sheba felt very intimidated by the huge doors. She made a quick knock and was almost immediately answered. \"Come in\", said a deep southern accented voice. Sheba opened the door and stepped in. She closed the door and looked at the room in front of her. Built in bookshelves surrounded the walls, in the back was a large mahogany desk, but the middle of the room was the most extravagant. In the center was a lavish, red, velvet sofa and underneath was a tiger skin carpet. The sofa faced a flaming fire place and on the couch sat a 31 year old man. His light brown hair was gelled, combed back, and barley went past his earlobes. He had trimmed, well kept, facial hair. The most striking thing about him was his piercing blue eyes. Sheba looked at the man, gawking. He however, paid no attention to her. The man kept his eyes set on the fireplace while he smoked a long white cigarette. \" Well are ya goin to come sit down or are ya keep me waitin longer\", stated the man. Sheba slowly sauntered towards the sofa and sat down as far ways as possible without making eye contact. She looked into the fireplace as he turned his body towards her. \"Even better up close\", he said, as he blew a puff of smoke in her face. Sheba gained enough courage to look at his face for less than a second. Before she could turn away from him again he reached out and grabbed her chin. \"When I speak to ya, ya look me in the eyes and answer. Ya understand?\" Sheba hated being forced to do anything psychically. She challengingly looked straight at his eyes and replied,\" Yes master.\" He let go of her chin and snickered. \"Now, tell me your name sweet peach\", demanded the man. \"Sheba\" He smiled and said,\"a beautiful name for a beautiful girl.\" \"You can call me Monsieur Candie. That's French for Mr. Candie\" Sheba glared at him and replied,\" I know.\" Without warning, Candie threw his ciggerette into the fire place and violently pulled Sheba off the sofa. He grabbed her by the chin again and stared into her eyes. He was significantly taller than her and she hung off his hand. \" Are ya giving me lip girl?\", asked Candie. Sheba looked back at him like a deer in the headlights. \"No, Monsieur Candie. It's just that I do actually know French\", replied Sheba. He let go of her and she collapsed to the floor. He laughed and laughed, for a good five minutes before looking at the bewildered Sheba, who remained on the floor. \"A sexy nigger girl who speaks French! This just keeps gettin better and better!\", he roared. Sheba got off the floor and sat on the sofa. \"Oui, Monsieur Candie\", she said as she batted her eyelashes. There was no doubt that Sheba thought he was attractive and though she didn't have much experience with men, Sheba knew that Candie would like her innocent flirting. He looked at her with a twinkle in his eyes. He rose off the sofa and pulled her up with him. He gripped her wrists tighter than any slave chain possibly could. Scared that he might have a bad reaction again, Sheba flinched at his touch. Candie smirked and grabbed her chin again, only this time he held her gently and carefully. hey guys! Please please please review! Your opinions mean everything to me! So please review! Xx[Chapter 3] Sheba's point of view I couldn't sleep well that night. Even though he gave me a nice cozy room across the hall, his words rang through my ears all night. \"I'm taking your fine ass to the Cleo club tomorrow night\", he had said. I wondered what that meant. A club. I've never been to a club. My old mistress would only take her favorite male slaves to a club. I thought until my head couldn't take it no more. I woke up the next morning to a warm hand shaking me. What the fuck? I opened my eyes and standing before me, was Cora. Behind her stood two other slaves. One was carrying a large silver tray with a neatly set breakfast service and the other slave was holding onto a silver floor length dress. All this extravaganza for me? I couldn't help but giggle a little. \"Snap out of it girl! Hurry up and get out of bed or you'll be late!\" I sluggishly rolled out of bed with a pout on my face. I was in no mood to be pulled and poked first thing in the morning. One of the slave girls tossed the dress into my arms and I easily slid into it. It fit me like a second layer of skin. This dress wasn't anything close to being conservative. The back rode low and the front plunged so low that my nipples were barely even covered. Luckily, this dress didn't require a corset underneath. Cora made my face up with smokey eyeshadow and dark red lipstick. She simply rolled my hair into loose curls and clipped a crystal flower at the top. \"Ya better eat somethin and hurry on down. He ain't gona wait much longer\", said Cora. I downed a glass of orange milk and a piece of toast. Before leaving my room, I looked into the mirror. Wow. I look like white woman. A rich white woman. With my confidence flying and my self esteem rising, I glided down the stairs. He was standing in the foyer smoking a Cuban cigar. His eyes brightened up in a creepy way when he saw me walking towards him. \"We'll aren't you a sight for sore eyes\", he said. \" Thank you Monsieur Candie\", I replied with a wink. \"Now doll, you may call my Calvin for now.\" \"Ok...Calvin\" Saying his real name felt weird. I ignored the feeling and tried to focus on something else. He reached his arm out offering it to me. I willingly took it as he led me towards a shiny white buggy. The buggy looked like something out of a fairy tale. I eagerly climbed in and took a seat on one of the red, cushioned, benches. The driver closed the doors and with a crack of his whip, we were demon speeding towards the Cleopatra Club. My thoughts were racing as fast at the horses hooves. The nerves kicked in and I felt a small bead of sweat drip down my back. Would he make me do vile things? Force me to have sex with him? I shuddered and shook the gross thoughts off. Apparently he noticed that I was anxious too. \"What on your mind sweet tea? You're turning pale\", exclaimed Calvin from across the buggy. Without holding back I blurted out,\" I've never been to a club! I don't know how to act!\" Calvin snickered and grabbed my hands, stroking them softly. \"Leave the big talk to me. You just smile and hang on my arm like the prettiest darned thing ya are.\" I soaked in his somewhat reassuring and in a matter of minutes, we pulled up next to a mansion, equal in size to Calvin's. I peered out the window and noticed that all the other girls entering the club were also black, and maybe a few years older than me. We dismounted the buggy and walked up short steps. A cute girl in a French maid outfit opened up the door. \"Bonjour! Entre\", stated the girl. \"Coco! How are you dear\", asked Calvin. Coco opened her mouth to reply but Calvin didn't wait for her answer. I giggled as I hung on his arm. He led me into a massive dining room. There were loads of other tables in the room and every man in the room had at least one black woman hanging off their arms. What is this? The show off your black girl toy club? I chuckled at my own joke as Calvin sat us down at a table in the middle of the room. Right under a spotlight, great. There were two other men at our table but neither one had a female partner. Calvin leaned over to whisper in my ear,\"these are some business clients.\" I smiled and nodded. \"Calvin my boy! It's been a while! Who's this ravishing creature next to?\" Asked one of the men. \"This is a friend of mine. Her names Sheba. She's quite the beauty ain't she!\", explained Calvin. I blushed, bright red. Though I didn't want attention, all this adoration felt really nice. \"Sheba! My girl, how old are you darlin?\", asked the other man at the table. With a sweet smile I replied,\" I just turned 18.\" \"So young and gorgeous. I bet you a virgin too! Damn Calvin, its about time you gave this girl a birthday present\", exclaimed the man. Calvin's eyes instantly squinted. His hands fisted under the table and the veins on his forehead popped out. Being the good business he supposedly was, he kept his cool and merely changed the subject. \"We'll gentlemen, looks like our meals arrivin. Lets talk business. I've been looking forward to this Mandingo fight all week.\" Mandingo fight? What' the hell is that? Before I could think about it, a waiter placed the meal on the table. Shrimp, crawfish, and smoked salmon. I've never seen a meal this beautiful before! I waited for Calvin to begin his meal before I touched anything. I slowly lifted up one of the shrimp. It was dipped in a bright red sauce. It tasted just a great as it looked. A small bead of red sauce dripped down my pointer finger. Naturally, I brought my finger closer to my face and slowly began to lick the sauce off, in an upwards motion. I heard Calvin stop talking mid sentence. The other men became silent too. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw them looking at me with twisted grins on their faces. Knowing I was in control, I continued to lick my other fingers. Eventually, I put my hand down and smiled down at my dinner. \" Well men, I think our stomachs have been satisfied in more than one way. Lets head upstairs and get those bets on the table\", stated Calvin. The other men rose and left the room. Soon after Calvin offered his arm to me to take. \"That was quite a little show you put on there\", he said as we went up the stairs. \"All that boring business talk. I felt like it needed a little fun\", I replied with a quirky light in my eyes. Obviously pleased, he put his arm around my waist and pulled me closer to him. \"That's my girl\", he whispered into my ear. The room was small but well decorated. There was a pool table in the middle and a bar in the back. In the front was a fireplace and two small sofas. Calvin pointed my towards the bar. \"You go sit there. Drink whatever you like and enjoy the show while I finish this business.\" I nodded in agreement and ordered a champagne. What show? I sipped my champagne and watched as Calvin called in two large, black, men. He ordered them to the front of the room and began talking to them. \"This is a fight to death. I expect y'all to fight like the niggers you are. Don't fuckin disappoint me\", ordered Calvin. A fight? To death? My heart raced as the men began wrestling. I turned my chair around so I wouldnt have to watch. A hour went by and no one was dead yet. That's when Calvin started getting angry. \"Fight niggers! Slam him! Come on now! Ya got him down! Now finish it! Finish it!\" Calvin was yelling. He got up and yelled some more until the bigger man yanked out the other mans eyes out. Just when I thought it was over, Calvin handed the bigger man a hammer. \"Finish it\" The man nodded and with one whack to the head, the opponent was defeated. I was used to seeing this type of violence at my old plantation but I had never seen a man actually enjoy watching it. The crimson blood spilled across the once impeccable hard wood floors. I fought back tears, knowing that crying would upset Calvin. While my master gathered his winnings and said goodbyes to his business partners, I drank two glasses of champagne. After that fight he put on, I was scared of him. I should have known that he would have a bitter side to match his sweet, southern, molasses sweet, personality. Part of me feared him, but the better part of me liked that he had an element of danger to him. I wasn't afraid to be real around him anymore, even if it meant risking getting hurt. I gently caressed the front of his tie and let him pull me in for a hug. He pushed his mouth on my ear and whispered: \"Come on my sweet sugar peach. You've been a good pony all night. Now, lets go so I can reward you properly,\" said Calvin. i hope you guys like it so far! I'm going to upload new chapters every day, so stay tuned! Also, please review! Xx[Chapter 4] Sheba's point of view \"Right in here.\" He opened up a set of double doors that led to a small living area. Paintings of horses running wildly, and landscapes of beautiful open friends covered the walls. We walked past the living area and went into a massive bedroom. Fluffy red sheets, blankets, and pillows covered the large bed. The room was already dark and Calvin didn't bother to light any candles. I shuddered as he took his coat off and tossed it on the floor. \"Ya wanna fix up a drink for me?\" I nodded and went out of the bedroom back to the living room where I found a bottle of whiskey. As I picked it up, I noticed my hands were shaking. Breathe in, breathe out. I hastily poured a small glass of whiskey. Agh. I felt like a little girl. \"I'm a grown lady! I can't be so scared of nothing. This is my life now\", I whispered to myself. Without thinking about it, I slid my dress off and unrolled my hair so that it fell down my back. I checked myself in the mirror before leaving the room. My red corset pushed my breasts up and my lace underwear made my small ass look big and full. With my confidence soaring, I picked up the glass of whiskey and walked past the doors. He was sitting on a leather lounge chair, looking out the window. \" My, my, don't you just look good enough to eat!\" I giggled and said,\"I brought your drink.\" He just stared at me waiting for something. Feeling brave, I grabbed the drink and placed it on his lips, feeding it to him like a mother does to her baby. I bent over so that my chest was just inches from his face as he drank the whiskey. Greed and pleasure took over his sparkling eyes. I carelessly threw the glass on the floor and eagerly straddled him on the chair. I could feel his arousal rubbing against me as I pulled his face up. He ran his soft hands up and down my sides as he passionately placed his lips against mine. I could taste the alcohol off his tongue, but I liked the sweet undertone of it. I could feel him getting bored under me, so I casually slid off. \"You taste better than anythin I've ever had\", he purred at me. \"I'm glad you like it\", I replied as I rose on my knees and began tugging at his pants. \"Agh this belt is so difficult!\" I exclaimed. Calvin smiled at my beginner mistake. \"Don't worry sweat cheeks, it gets easier after a while.\" He quickly reached down and unbuckled his belt. I noticed that his mini boner was almost completely gone now. Not wanting to waste anymore time, I scooted closer, ripped off his pants, and covered his manhood with my mouth. It was big, but not that big. I could handle this. Careful not to scratch my teeth against him, I moved up and down. I could feel my mouth stretching out, but I couldn't risk disappointing him. \"Mmm, you do this like a pro baby girl! That's it. God dayum!\" Calvin said. He was almost yelling at me and his arousal was fully fledged now. Calvin grabbed my head and moved me faster. I looked up at his face. Sweat covered his face, the veins on his forehead popping out, and then he came in my mouth. I wanted to spit it out. It tasted like a salty goo but being the good little slave I was, I swallowed it with a smile on my face. \"You are quite the young pleaser, ain't you. Come on sugar peach, lets finish what you started.\" He picked me up with ease and violently threw me on the bed. He looked at me like he wanted to kill me but love me at the same time. His chiseled, angelic face, was just across the bed. \"Sheba, my beautiful, take off that corset and show me your young, fresh, body.\" I turned around, my back facing him. \"You do the honors, Monsieur.\" He ripped my corset off, not bothering to undo each tie. I can finally breathe! That stupid thing had me choked up all day. \"Wow.\" He pushed me down on the bed. \"Relax. I promise you'll like this.\" I did what he said, naturally. He stared down at me like a kid at an amusement park, not sure where to go first. Calvin reached down and gently gripped at my boobs, getting a feel for them I guess. Surprisingly, his touch calmed down. I could feel a slight dampness in between my legs. He read my mind and slid my underwear off. \"Don't worry, this ain't gonna hurt that bad\" He lied. It hurt. A lot. I choked back tears as he plunged in and out. It felt like someone was poking a thick, hit rod, up my vagina. \"You're so damn tight! Like a piece of fucking heaven!\" I tried to hide the slight pleasure I felt from him in me. Eventually, I gave up and started enjoying it, letting out quiet moans. My quiet moans got longer and louder, until I let up and made a mess of the sheets. He slid out of my hole smoothly. I collapsed into the pillows. \"Ya did great. I think I might have found myself a promising, prize, pony\", he whispered into my ear. I curled into a ball and tried to ignore the fiery pain shooting in my lady parts. The excruciating feeling soon turned into a numb sensation and allowed me to sleep. He put a sheet over my curled up body and placed a peck on my forehead. \"You gonna need that rest. We got a big day planned for you tomorrow. hope everyone likes it so far! Please please please review! Thanks to everyone who has already reviewed. But yeah review please and if there's a specific thing you want me to include in this story either leave a review or message me. Ill update again tomorrow! Xx[Chapter 5] Sheba's point of view I woke up in the morning surprisingly, refreshed. Calvin wasn't in bed, but he left a violet colored dress on the pillows for me. I swiftly climbed out and pulled the dress over my bare skin. I took a few steps towards a mirror in order to brush my hair, when an awkward pangy pain hit me. I'm obviously still sore from last night. I ran the brush through my locks until they were smooth and straight. For the final touches, I added a flower clip and a shear pink lipstick. I heard the door behind me creak open, but I kept my back to it. \"You're up. It's bout time\", said Calvin from behind me. I turned around and just stared at him, Bambi eyed. He handed me a glass of unfamiliar liquid. \"Ya missed breakfast. This should keep you full till we git home\", he said as he pushed the glass towards me. I gulped it down, ignoring the vile taste. \"Thanks.\" He lit a cigarette and said, \"I like it when ya wear your hair down your back like that.\" I smiled, as he reached his hand out as an offering. I gratefully took it and we left the Cleopatra Club. The ride back to Candyland was quiet. He spent most of the time smoking, and I kept myself busy by staring at the scenery outside. \"Go round through the back\", commanded Calvin, to the driver. I wondered what was in the back. Seeming to read my mind, Calvin said,\" Imma check on the make slave quarters. You just ret your pretty lil ass in here till I get back.\" I smiled and nodded. The buggy pulled up across a tree where a slave man was hiding from a group of vicious dogs. I couldn't hear what Calvin was saying, but the man seemed scared. He was obviously begging for his life. My master just laughed at him. The man came down and fell to his knees. With one flick of his wrist, Calvin ordered the dogs loose. They ran over the salve and began to rip him apart, limb by limb. Even though I was utterly disgusted, I couldn't take my eyes off the scene. What sickened me the most was that Calvin just stood over the helpless man, and laughed. I could hear the roar of his laugh from the buggy. I wanted to cry. How is this the same man who loved me so tenderly just hours ago? I gulped back the tears as Calvin got back inside the coach. I avoided his eye contact all the way back to the mansion. \" Sheba, you're goin pale. What's wrong?\" I shook my head and got out of the buggy. \"Nothing dear. I'm just a bit weary from the ride is all\", I lied. He took me by the arm and led me into the beautiful house. \" You go get somethin to eat. I'll be expecting you in my room later tonight.\" I forced a smile, curtsied, and walked to the kitchen. His sister Lara, was there ordering around the slaves. \"Oh you're here, Cora prepared a small meal for you. Wouldn't want you getting fat now.\" I had never even spoke to the woman before. I sort of rolled my eyes at her ridiculous outfit and stood over the plate of food on the counter. There was a handful of brown rice and and a piece of chicken the size of my thumb. I quickly gobbled up the dish and thanked Lara before retiring to my room. I flopped on the bed and check the time. 5:30. Calvin would want me in his room by 6, before his dinner. I flopped on the bed and tried to shake off the images of the dogs killing the salve, but I couldn't. My stomach churned violently. A dizzy sensation took over my head. I ran to the bin in the corner of the room and threw up my tiny supper into it. Whether it was the violent scene or something else that caused my sickness, I didn't know. It was almost six but the last thing I wanted to do right now was pleasure Calvin. I took my dress off and put on a lingerie dress. I pushed my exhausted body under the blankets and blew out the candle near my bedside. It was a death wish to reject Calvin, but it was a risk I had to take. My mind and body just couldn't handle him right now. He scared me. I tossed and turned trying to rest, but I had recurring nightmares from the bloody scene. Eventually, I got too tired to think and my mind let me sleep. I managed to rest peacefully and woke up ready to face my masters wrath. He was eating breakfast in the sun room. I sat down across from him without looking up. He ignored me and continued to eat his food without acknowledging my presence. A good ten minutes passed before he addressed me. \"Do I treat you poorly? Are you not satisfied here? Would ya rather pick cotton in the field with your nigger friends? Do you want scars, cuts, and blisters all over your perfect little body?\" I couldn't bring myself to look at him. \"You treat me well Monsieur.\" \"Then why do you not act like it?\" I avoided his question and it angered him. \" How dare you deny me your company! I'm a forgiving man Sheba but I absolutely cannot tolerate this kind of disrespect from you! You're a smart gal. You know better than to do that. Now since its the first time you've ever misbehaved, I'll forgive you, but keep in mind that I don't give more than one chance. Consider your self lucky.\" His eyes were glazed with anger. He was on the edge of doing something bad. His fists were clenched and his nostrils flared when he breathed. I bravely looked up into his eyes. \"I'm sorry. I promise it won't ever happen again Monsieur.\" He seemed pleased. He ran his hands through his greasy hair and lit a cigarette. He seemed deep in thought as he puffed away. Probably thinking of something evil, I thought to myself. He got off his chair and turned his back on me. \" We have guest tonight. After we dine with them, you better be in my room. Ya understand?\" I breathed a sigh of relief. He had forgiven me. \"Of course\", I replied. As soon as he left the room I drank what was left of his morning juice, and went out onto the porch. Looking out towards the fields, I saw the slaves working. They were drenched in sweat and some of them had messed up backs from bending over so much. Calvin was right. I was lucky. How could I forget that so fast. I was practically treated like a queen at Candyland. The day went by fast, and soon enough our busted had arrived. Cora prepared me. Calvin requested that I wear a red silk dress. It flowed down my body like a waterfall. Our guest was another one of Calvin's \"business\" partners. He was chubby and came with his giant fighter. I ate my dinner in the kitchen because Calvin didn't want me distracting the guest. I waited until he called me over. \"SHEEEBAAA.\" That was my Que. I left the kitchen and entered the formal dining room where he stood waiting for me. \"This is my lovely Sheba\", stated Calvin, like he was showing off his prized horse at a show. I smiled and nodded towards the guest who seemed all too happy at my presence. Calvin led me and the guest to one of the living rooms. A fire was blazing and a single maid stood by the couch, holding a large bottle of champagne in her hands. The fighters came in shortly after and positioned themselves in front of the couch. Calvin and the man took their seats on the two coaches. \"Sheba. Come sit with me\", ordered Calvin. I snuggled close to him. This was my punishment. He was going to make me watch the gruesome fight. I might as well make the best of it. I focused on him through out the fight, stroking his hair and softly nibbling at his neck. He didn't yell during this fight. He was completely confident that his man would win, and he was right. Our guest excused himself and followed one the maids to his rooms. \"You are the most pleasant distraction a man could ever ask for\", he said as he turned towards me I giggled and slid onto his lap. Looking into his cobalt eyes I said,\" you're always so serious. I just want to play.\" He smiled, revealing his yellowed teeth. I began to kiss him but he pushed me off. \"You can make up for last night and apologize upstairs.\" Feeling slightly embarrassed, I nodded and followed him up the stairs. The whole time he fucked me I felt odd. He was tired so our sex that night was more like a quickie. I felt a bit sick again. It felt like there was something pulsing wildly in my belly. I ignored the feeling and shut out for the night, in Calvin's strong, soothing, arms. hi guys! Hope everyone likes it so far! Thank you to everyone who has reviewed. Thanks for the suggestion, something big is going to happen in the next chapter so stay tuned! Review! Thanks for reading. I love you and your support! Xx[Chapter 6] Shebas point of view I woke up completely revived from my deep slumber of last night. Calvin was still sleeping, so I carefully got out of the luxurious bed and got dressed in a baby blue, revealing, dress. The slaves were preparing breakfast in the kitchen. I could hear Stephen pushing them around. He wasn't pleased at my presence in the kitchen. \"Whatchoo want girl?\" I ignored him and walked into the informal dining room where a small plate of fruit and cookies waited for me. I quietly ate and left the mess for the slaves to clean up. It was a nice day. There was a breeze blowing, making the hot Mississippi sun easier to bear. I left the house and strolled in the garden, smelling the Lillie's and roses as I went. Summer was almost over and September was just around the corner. There was a lake farther down the estate. The playful side of me wanted to go swimming, carefree, but the realist in me knew that Calvin would never let me. That reminded me that he was probably up by now. I was dizzy during my short walk to the house. I saw Lara's carriage leaving the property. She was always in and out of Candyland. The dizzy spell got worse and worse, to the point that I had to grab at the walls as I went into the living room where Calvin sat drinking tea. \"There you are! Dont ya know better than to go out alone?\" I muttered and apology, unable to comprehend anything. He looked at me with an expression of genuine concern on his perfect face. \"What's going on? You look like hell.\" I laughed. I sure felt like hell. I collapsed on the floor. \"CORA!\", was the last thing I heard before everything went black. I regained consciousness in an unfamiliar room. I looked around the bright white room. There was a painting of Lara hanging over the bed, so I assumed that it was her room. Cora slammed an ice cold cloth over my forehead. \"Jeez that's cold!\", I yelped. Cora shook her head at me. \"You're gonna need to keep it on. It'll keep ya up.\" I nodded understanding. \"If ya don't mind me askin, what the hell is goin on with you?\" Cora had been the closest thing I had to a friend in this house, so I felt comfortable talking to her. \"I dunno. The past few days after coming back from the club I've been feeling odd. I get dizzy in the mornings and can barely keep my breakfast down. I feel totally fine any other time in the day. It's just the mornings that I get like this\", I explained. Cora suddenly became alert. She stopped dipping the cloth in ice water and stared up at me. \"Get up\", she ordered. I stood up and impatiently tapped my foot as Cora inspected me. She began to shake her head and back away from me. \"No. It can't be. He wouldn't. He wouldn't!\", yelled Cora. I looked at her confused. What the fuck was she talking about? I was about to ask her, when she ran out of the room. The door opened and Stephen was hiding behind it. Great, I thought. He was listening in on our conversation. I just jumped back in bed and shut my eyes. narrator point of view Stephen knew what Cora was talking about. With an evil smile on his face, he went into Monsieur Candies office. \"Calvin! You there?\" Stephen pushed the door open and stood in front of Calvin, who was smoking on a king sized lounge chair. \"Did ya figure out what's wrong with my peach?\", asked Calvin. Stephen laughed and shook his head back and forth. \"Oh Lord! You're gonna wanna hear this!\", roared Stephen. Calvin just stared at him and waited for him to begin. Stephen looked at Calvin with a serious glare on his face. \" I heard her talking to Cora. She's been having morning sickness.\" Calvin kept staring, not understanding. \"So what? Does she need a better breakfast or sumthin?\", asked Calvin. Stephen violently shook his head and stepped closer to Calvin. He looked straight into his eyes and said,\"Your bitch is pregnant.\" Candies eyes burned with a fiery fury as he got up. \"WHAT THE FUCK?! IT CANT BE! IMPOSSIBLE! I NEVER MAKE MISTAKES!\" He screamed and yelled as he pushed the furniture over , pulled books off the shelves, and overall, made a mess of the room. Without looking back he said, \"Get someone to reorder this room. I'm going to fix this mess.\" like the twist? please review! There will be a new chapter up tomorrow so stay tuned! Love you guys. Xx[Chapter 7] narrator point of view Sheba was peacefully sleeping in her room. The house was quiet except for the kitchen, where the house slaves were preparing the dinner service. Suddenly, the sliding doors of Calvin's office/library slammed. A maid in the kitchen dropped a pot from the excruciating sound. A few of the slaves peeked out to see Calvin Candie stomp through the halls, towards the long staircase. His burgundy coat tail swished behind him like a cape. The masters face was red as a tomato. He slammed his heels against every heel, trying to wake his mistress up. Halfway up the stairs. He stopped and turned around. The slaves quickly went back into the kitchen. \"CORA!\" Cora appeared out of no where. Her face was clenched tight and she didn't dare look in her masters eyes. \"Set my dinner. Leave dessert in the formal room. I want every nigger in this house out for the next two hours. I'll send Stephen to fetch y'all when I'm through.\" Cora nodded and went to inform her coworkers of the plan. Sheba's point of view I awoke to the sound of loud footsteps on the stairs. Agh, I was sleeping so well. \"SHEBA!\" It was Calvin, of course, but why was he yelling in the halls? I was about to find out. My master gracefully strolled into my chambers, looking especially handsome in his burgundy coat. I hopped out of my bed and smoothed my hair with my hands. He smiled at my hasty effort to look for him. \"Sheba\", he said. \"Yes?\", I replied. He walked closer to me, until the only thing separating my lips from his short, well kept beard. Calvin swiftly lifted my chin up, examining my face. He placed his hands around my face and kept looking in my eyes. There was something wrong. His eyes were lighter than usual, his face was flushed red, and small beads of sweat lined his forehead. A feeling of uneasy fear creeped over me. Why wouldn't he say anything. He kept just looking at me, deep in thought. \"Sheba, Sheba, Sheba\", he said as he let go of me and shook his head. I waited for an explanation, but didn't get one. \"Come down to dinner in ten minutes. We have a lot to talk about.\" On that note he left me in the room. I wanted to cry. What was going on? Why wouldn't he explain himself? I ignored the pulsing feeling in my small tummy as I rolled my hair into curls. I applied a black eyeliner and a dark pink lipstick. I knew I had to be on Calvin's good side, so I wore an especially racy dress. I didn't want to face him but I was hungry and in need of an explanation. He was already at the table when I arrived. He smoked his pipe and waited for me to seat myself next to him. As usual, I had a significantly smaller portion of food than him. We ate in complete silence. I held back my tears. I wanted to yell at him, hit him, hell, I would even kill him at this point. He saw my pain and knew it was torturing me. He finally finished his meal and spoke up. \" Sheba my little peach, do you know what it's like being the owner of one the countries largest, richest, plantations?\" I muttered a slight no, hoping that this was relevant. \"Well of course I buy working niggers, fightin niggers, pretty niggers like you, and distribute cotton, corn, pepper, and just about anything that grows out of the ground. But do you know what every major plantation needs in order to be considered successful?\" I stared at him blankly. \"I need an heir! Offspring! A young Candie to take over when I pass!\" His eyes gleamed and shined like diamonds. He slammed his fist violently on the table and yelled: \" GOD DAMMIT SHEBA! DONT YOU GET IT?! I WANT TO HAVE KIDS WITH YA!\" His hand was bleeding from the violent smash on the turtle shell table. I couldn't believe it. That's what he's been keeping from me? My eyes widened. I felt an adrenaline rush and couldn't tell if it was good of bad. \"What? You want kids...with me?\" Me of all people? A nigger? This was the weirdest thing. Sure plenty of rich white men had nigger girlfriends and mistresses but none of them ever left them around for long, or wanted to have kids with them. I was in complete shock. \"But Calvin, I'm only 18! What will your sister think? What will the other slaves think?!\" I had obviously angered him because he rose out of seat again. He pointed his steak knife at me and shook it in my face. \"I'm the man of this house! I call the shots! If I want a hot, nigger, wife, so be it! And it shall be!\" He threw the knife at the middle of the table and I cringed at the clanging noise it made. Part of me was scared. Scared of him, scared of childbearing, scared of spending the rest of my life here. On the other hand, I was happy that he loved me enough to want me forever, and as the mother of his kids. I smiled at him. \"So what? Are we official now?\", I asked with a wink. He liked it when I was playful like that. \"You could say that. Nothin is official until you prove to bear a son. Now, you're already pregnant but I want to make sure. If everything goes well with the child, then I will take you to the city, and we can choose a proper ring. For now, you can wear this.\" He handed me a ring from out of his pocket. It had a ruby set in the middle and small diamonds surrounded it. On the inside was the engraving,\"property of Monsieur. Calvin Candie.\" I laughed at the rings double meaning. I was officially his now. I slipped in on my ring finger. It fit just about perfectly on my long, skinny, finger. Calvin was satisfied by my reaction to his plan. He slicked his hair back and lite another pipe. My Monsieur rose out of his seat and motioned to me. \"Come on my gorgeous, lets go make sure you stay pregnant\", he purred at me in his sweet, and sticky, southern accent. I grabbed on his arm and we practically chased each other to his master suite bedroom. hey everyone! Hope you're liking it so far! Suggestions? Opinions? Please leave them in the reviews! Lovexx[Chapter 8] Narrator point of view Sheba woke up alone in Calvin's giant bed. She rolled on her back and huffed a breath of relief. Sheba threw the covers off the bed and slipped into a periwinkle, summer, dress. She trotted down the stairs and entered the breakfast room, where Cora stood waiting for her. Sheba took her seat at the head of the table, in Calvin's usual spot. Without even saying hello, Sheba asked, \"Where's Calvin?\" Cora seemed taken aback by her rude tone of voice. \"He's on a business trip. He'll be back tomorrow. Stephen went with him\", answered Cora. Sheba smiled down at her scrambled eggs and toast. Her eyes gleamed with joy. With both Calvin and Stephen gone, Sheba was the head of the house. Sheba finished her breakfast, left the mess for Cora, and sauntered out of the room. Five minutes later, Sheba yelled for Cora again. Poor Cora came running from the other end of the house, panting and trying to catch her breath. \"Yes?\" \"Cora, why isn't the fountain turned on? You know that Monsieur likes it turned on! Also, why isn't anyone watering the rose garden? Those flowers need extra special attention!\", whined Sheba. Cora narrowed her eyes. What gave Sheba the right to be such a bitch, wondered Cora. Since the slaves were all in the fields that day, Cora had to water the whole rose garden by herself. Two hours later, Cora went back in the big house, and was greeted by Sheba calling for her again. Cora ran up to her mistresses room, huffing and puffing. Sheba sat at her vanity, brushing her straight hair. Sheba turned around and stared at Cora with a disgusted look on her face. \"Seriously Cora? Where were you?! I needed someone to roll my hair!\" Cora's clenched her fists and fought the urge to punch Sheba in the face. \"But Madame, you told me to water the roses.\" \"I don't give a fuck what I said! I needed someone to roll my hair and you weren't here!\" \"Why didn't you have one of the other girls do it for you?\", asked Cora through her teeth. \"I don't want them touching me! They might get ideas!\", exclaimed Sheba. Cora couldn't take it anymore. Sheba was way out of line and she needed a wake up call. Cora raised her hand to slap her, but dropped it, knowing that Calvin would kill her if anyone touched his \"peach\". \"ARE YOU SERIOUS BITCH? I WORK MY ASS OFF FOR YOU, AND THIS HOW YOU TREAT ME?!\" Sheba threw her back and laughed at Cora's outburst. She took a sip of her sweet tea and said,\"Oh Cora! You silly little maid!\" Cora had been wanting to say this all day and couldn't hold it in any longer. \"SHEBA! JUST CUZ YOU'RE HIS WHORE DOSENT GIVE YOU ANY RIGHT TO BE A BITCH! YOU'RE JUST A PRETTY WHORE WHO GOT LUCKY!\" Sheba dropped her glass. No one had ever called her a whore before. Especially not another nigger. All her fury built up but she kept her calm facade and said the most hurtful thing she could think of. \" Yeah? Well at least I'm not FAT! YOU'RE JUST A FAT, OLD ,MAID!\" Sheba watched Cora's eyes fill with tears. Cora was very sensitive about her weight. She had even trusted Sheba enough to tell her about her low self esteem from her appearance. Tears streamed down Cora's face as she stormed out of the room. The other house slaves looked at her, concerned. Cora never cried. They gathered around her and tried to comfort her. Cora looked up at them and decided to tell them a secret. A secret that would humiliate Sheba and make her never want to look another slave in the eyes. Sheba's point of view An hour had passed since Cora rudely ruined my day. I couldn't believe that she had the audacity to call me a whore! And in my own house! I twirled my hair and braided it before leaving my room to eat dinner. As I walked down the stairs and through the various halls, I could hear the slaves whispering and giggling about something. I wasn't in the mood to yell, so I let them be and walked to the dining room. Two female slaves stood in the corner to serve me. They were chatting but when I walked in, they suddenly fell silent and looked down. One of them looked at me with a bitchy smirk on her face. I glared at her and sat down. With a snap of my fingers, they poured me water and presented my meal. \"Water? Where's my red wine?\" Both girls looked at each other, trying to hold back their laughs. \"Cora said no alcohol for you\", replied one of the girls. She had a mocking tone in her voice that I didn't like. I stared at my plate. To my shock, there was a larger portion of food. \"Why's there so much food this time?\" The sassy slave replied, \" Cora said that you would be needing more food for a little while.\" I was confused. I turned around and looked at the slave with a quizzical expression on my face. \"Why more?\" \"You need more food since you're eating for two people now\", replied the girl. \"WHAT THE FUCK?!\" Cora told them?! This was her \"revenge\"? She told them I was pregnant?! How could she?! No ones supposed to know yet, especially not the help! I pushed the food away and ran out of the room, spilling water on the Persian rugs as I went. Tears fell down my face. I could hear the slaves laughing at me back in the dining room. I quietly went towards the staircase when I heard more whispering. \"Isn't that crazy! She's pregnant! Ain't that disgusting? 18 years old! She's the youngest bitch here!\", said one slave to another. I couldn't deal with it anymore. I ran outside, through the woods, past the cotton fields, and into the barn. I sat in a pile of hay and watched the horses eat through my teary eyes. I couldn't even sleep in my own house. Shit. I felt unwelcome in that house. I put my head down, on the rough hay and shut my eyes. Calvin would be back tomorrow. The thought of his smooth voice and angelic face brought serenity to my mind. I loosened up and tried to sleep, with his young, beautiful face in my dreams. hey guys! Do you like it thus far? Thanks for reading and please review! :). A new chapter will be up tomorrow! Be prepared for some major drama! Stay tuned dolls! XX also, huge shout out to lesha! Thanks for the advice! I will definitely be taking your advice! You are so clever! Thanks again![Chapter 9] Sheba's point of view I awoke to the sound of horses pulling a buggy. I quickly stepped out of the barn with pieces of straw and hay stuck to my clothes and hair. Excited that it was Calvin, I ran through the back door of the big house and stood waiting in the foyer. To my surprise, it was Lara. I stared at her big pink dress on disgust. It didn't fit her body well. Who was I kidding? Nothing fit her bony body well! I pulled my lips into a smile and curtsied. She was practically my sister-in-law now, but she didn't know it. She glared at me, wondering who I was. Then it hit her. Barely acknowledging me, she said,\"Get yourself cleaned up! You look like hell and Calvin will be here any hour now!\" She curled her lips at me and left to annoy someone else. \"Who put her on this planet?\", I wondered out loud to myself. I shrugged my shoulders and hurried up the stairs to polish off. I pulled the hay out and brushed the dirt off my blue/black hair. I puckered my lips to apply maroon lipstick, and threw on a dark blue, glittery, dress, that fell off the shoulders. I shook my boobs up so that they were almost popping out. I finished by brushing on a black goo called mascara and rolling my hair into a bun, like Lara did. Calvin hadn't arrived yet, and I was in the mood for tea, so I made my way to the \"family\" room. As I approached the double doors, I heard the unmistakeable, whiny, voice of Lara. \"You fucking retarded nigger! Look what you've done to the cherubs!\", screeched Lara. Out of my curiosity, I peered past the doors. Lara was standing over an estranged Cora. Cora was bending over a broken, glass, cherub, statue. Her hands were bleeding from the glass and blood was getting on her normally impeccable, apron. \"I should have you killed! Better yet, whipped!\" I felt horrible for Cora. She had to deal with my bitching yesterday, and now I realized how crazy I must have sounded. Though I knew better than to challenge Lara, I couldn't just stand there and do nothing. I walked in, trying to act casual. Lara shot me a dirty look and said,\"look what your nigger friend did! She destroyed my glass cherub!\" I threw a glance at the broken figure and rolled my eyes. \"Oh come on now Ms. Lara, I'm sure we can get you another one\", I said. She stepped towards me and stomped her foot. \"That's not the point! The point is that this worthless, nigger, broke it!\" I innocently giggled at Lara's face. She looked like an old dog, yapping at everyone. \"Its for the better! It was taking up space here and I'm not gonna lie but, it was pretty damn ugly.\" Cora's eyes widened and she gasped. I knew I was way out of line, calling Lara's cherub ugly. She narrowed her eyes even more and her face flushed, to match her ridiculous, pink, dress. \"How dare you?!\" \"How dare I?! More like how dare you?! How dare you call Cora worthless when she works all damn day to keep this house running?! How dare you throw a fit over a statue that you didn't give a shirt about until now?!\" I really blew it this time. Lara faced me, our foreheads almost touching. \"You better watch yourself. Don't forget that my brother would do anything to keep me happy. Even get rid of your sassy, unwanted, attitude.\" On that note she left. Cora was on her feet by now. \"Ooo girl! No one have ever spoke to Lara like that in her life!\" \"She was being nasty. You don't deserve that Cora\", I said. She gave me a warm smile and said,\"I like you girl. Don't get yourself killed mmkay?\" I nodded in agreement. She was right. I had forgotten who I was and where I came from. \"Come now, I do believe I heard Monsieur's carriage arrive.\" Cora left to the kitchen and I patiently waited for Calvin to come through the mahogany, front doors. \"There's my sweet peach!\", exclaimed Calvin. \"Bienvenue Monsieur\", I said as I batted my eyelashes for him. I took his arm, and held on as we went towards the formal dinner room. I was actually scared to face Lara after what I said to her, just minutes ago. He noticed the frightened expression on my face and asked,\"what's the matter? You're shaking!\" \"Honestly? Your sister scares the shit out of me.\" He laughed. A genuine laugh that lasted for a good minute or two. I looked at him confused. He stormed my hair and said,\"I've heard that before. Don't worry about her. I'm the head of this estate, not her.\" Feeling relived, I sat on his lap until Lara showed up. She shot us a fierce look, and sat across me. \"Can we sit in our own chairs like adults? Is that too much to ask for?\" Calvin rolled his eyes at his sisters snide remark and let me off his lap. When we were all properly seated, the slaves served our dinner. An awkward silence fell over us, until Calvin decided to break it. \"Lara dear, I have something important to tell you.\" Lara kept eating her food, and didn't acknowledge her brother. \"Fine. If you're gonna ignore me, I won't sugar coat it. Sheba's pregnant. Oh, and we're gettin married after.\" Lara almost choked on her piece of steak. After she finished coughing she screamed. \"WHAT?!\" She jumped out of her chair, knocking it down to the floor, and continued screaming. \"CALVIN HAVE YOU LOST YOUR MIND?! WITH HER?! A NIGGER?!\" Calvin got out of his chair and pushed his plate down the long table. He stepped towards his sister and grabbed her by the shoulders. Holding her in place, he calmly said, \"Lara. I'm the head of this house. I make the rules. I can do whatever the fuck I want! I'm not asking for your damn approval, cuz I don't need it! Just wanted to let ya know.\" He let her go and sat back down. Lara glared at us one last time, and ran out of the dining room. Candie grabbed my hand from under the table and stroked it. Without stopping, he looked me in the eyes, winked, and said,\"Lets go upstairs now. I missed that naughty mouth.\" I sighed and went up with him. After I finished pleasuring him, he played with my hair. As he stroked my head he stated,\"You better get some rest. We're going to the club first thing tomorrow morning.\" I rolled over and snuggled my face into his chest, inhaling his scent until I fell asleep. hi everyone! Like it? Thanks for reading! Please review! New chapter up tomorrow! xx (hey lesha! I didn't post your comment because I didn't want to give away any plot secrets! Your'e amazing! Thanks again!)[Chapter 10] Sheba's point of view The morning went by in a blur. I was tired but I recalled Cora dressing me up and Calvin presenting me with a pair of diamond, chandelier, earrings and a matching necklace. We ate a small, quick, breakfast, and loaded into the buggy. Calvin was in a good mood. He held my hand the entire ride to the Cleopatra Club. As we approached the black, wrought iron, gates he said, \"You need to be on your best behavior today. This is a very important business deal and I can't have any mess ups. Understand?\" \"Of course, Monsieur\", I replied with a warm smile. Pleased, he took my hand and we walked past the intimidating front door. I was surprised that Coco didn't answer the door, but instead there was another slave greeting us. \"Calvin, where's Coco?\" He shook his head and said,\"Don't worry about it Sheba.\" I questioningly raised my eyebrows and didn't push it any further. Calvin's business partner was a fat, older, man who came unaccompanied. My master was nervous all throughout the dinner service. He stuttered, wiped his sweaty palms under the table, and kept fixing his already perfect hair with his hands. The man didn't seem very pleased that I ate with them. He kept his focus on Calvin and just ignored me. Though I knew I shouldn't care, this guy rubbed me the wrong way. After what felt like eternity, dinner ended, and we climbed up to the Julius Caesar room. I took my seat at the bar, and sucked on a candy while Calvin and the man spoke. They talked about their plantations and other random things for a little while, until the man said,\"Candie, before we being the fight, I would like to speak to you about something that concerns me. In private.\" Calvin walked over to me, lifted my ringed finger, kissed it and said, \" Sheba, go outside and play. I'll be with you in a little bit.\" I slightly nodded my head and exited the room. By outside, Calvin meant literally outside. Like in the gardens. I knew better than to eavesdrop and lurk around, but my curiosity got the best of me. I leaned against the wall and breathed quietly as I listened in. \"Candie, I have lots of respect for you. Your father was a great friend of mine, and an exceptional business man.\" The man was calling him Candie? No one every called him by just his last name. The man continued. \"I get it. You're a playboy. You like the ladies, especially your slaves, but I heard something rather unpleasant about ya. A few friends of mine were talking and they said that you impregnated one of your bitches. Is that true?\" I held my breath. How did he know? \"Yes. It may be true. How is this relevant to the Mandingo fight? It ain't none of no ones business what I do in my personal life\", replied Calvin. There was an edge in his voice. \"Mr. Candie. Like I said before, I respect you but you've got to understand that around here, you're famous. As a southern gentleman, people have high expectations from you! You can't be getting nigger girls pregnant! No one is going to do business with a man who got his mistress knocked up! Especially not me!\" I held my hand over my mouth in order to contain my gasp. \"What do ya mean by that?\", asked Calvin. The man grumbled and replied,\"That means that I'm not doin business with ya no more. Not until you figure out a way to fix your problems. I'm sorry Candie. I really am but I don't want to be effected by your reputation.\" I couldn't handle it any more. I sprinted down the stairs, almost tripping over my dress. I kept running, and didn't stop until I reached the backyard. I took deep breaths and tried to stop myself from crying. I spent an hour just thinking. Thinking about what just happened. There's no way Calvin would want me now. I just ruined one of his biggest deals ever. The lights in the club were starting to go out. I slowly dragged my feet back in the club and made my way towards Calvin's room. I was about to knock when I heard his voice. \"Let me pour you a drink\", said Calvin's voice. \"Thanks monsieur\", answered an unfamiliar female voice. \"Mm you're a sight for sore eyes\", stated Calvin. That's what he says to me, I thought. The female voice giggled. That was like the cherry on the cake. I felt completely broken. I ran away again, my vision hazy from the tears. The club was quiet. Everyone was either sleeping or fucking. I tiptoed into the kitchen and sat on the floor, holding my head in my hands. I cried until my eyes hurt and my hands were soaked. The kitchens swinging door creaked open and a dark figure creeped in. I didn't recognize who it was until I saw the outline of a giant bow on the figures head. \"Coco?\" \"Sheba?\" I got up as Coco turned the light on. \"What are you doing in here? Oh, look what you've done to your dress!\" She was right. My pretty outfit was covered in powder and crumbs of bread. \"Where's Calvin?\", asked Coco. Just hearing his name made me burst out into tears again. Coco quickly kneeled down next to me and tried to call me down. \"Miss. Sheba! What's wrong? Maybe I can help.\" Since Cora wasn't here, Coco was my only support system. I told her everything that happened since the last time I saw her. She seemed to honestly pity me. She patiently listened to me vent to her about everything. \"You poor, poor, thing! I'm so sorry, but maybe you should sleep it off. Come with me, I'll get a room ready for you\", said Coco. I gratefully took her hand and followed her though the various halls. She got me settled in a small but cozy, white, room. \"Sorry that its small. It's all we've got available right now.\" I nodded understanding. \"Thanks Coco. This means a lot to me.\" Coco curtsied and left me. I carelessly shed my dirty dress and toppled onto the bed, instantly falling asleep. I woke up, feeling depressed and melancholy. There was a tray of food on the small rooms table. I slowly ate it, as I remembered the events of last night. Next to the tray was a light blue, dress, waiting for me. I got dressed and made up my face. Half and hour later, Coco came to fetch me. \"Monsieur. Candie is expecting you outside.\" I forced a smile on my face as I approached him. \"Hi\", I said. \"Hi\", he replied. The tension around us was thick enough to cut with a knife. We rode all the way back to Candyland in silence. I avoided eye contact and so did he. Why was he ignoring me? I wasn't the one cheating. I didn't deliberately ruin his business deal. He was so damn wealthy anyways. Why throw such a fit over at most, one thousand dollars? When we arrived, he jumped out of the buggy and stormed away from me, yelling orders as he passed. I followed him. He saw me coming and he quickened his step. \"Monsieur?\" No response. \"Calvin can we talk?\" Silence. I couldn't bear it anymore. \"CALVIN PLEASE?!\" He stepped in his office and slammed the door in my face, leaving me looking like a kicked puppy. hi guys! Enjoying it so far? I hope so! Please review! New chapter will be up tomorrow! Xx[Chapter 11] Narrator point of view Calvin Candie stepped into his office, where his sister Lara was waiting. He wasn't in the mood to talk, especially with her. \"Is this important?\", asked Calvin. The sting in his voice was obvious, but Lara didnt seem to care. \"Everything's important, but this is about your Mandingo business\", replied Lara. She had a smirk on her face as she opened up letter and began reading it. \"Dear Mr. Candie, I'm sorry to inform you that I am no longer interested in collaborating with you. There's been quite a lot of talk around you and your mistress and I don't want to be involved with someone who acts as careless as you do\", read Lara, with a smile on her face and a twinkle in her eyes. Calvin blinked a few times and asked, \"Is that it?\" Lara folded the letter and passed another one to Calvin. He opened it, read the first sentence, and ripped it up. \"I just don't get it! Why all the fuss over her?! No one cared until now!God dammit!\", yelled Calvin. Lara shot out of her chair and clenched her fists. \"That nigger gal is ruining your life Calvin! You have to get rid of her!\", screamed Lara. She walked up to him, put her hand on his shoulder, and said, \"Trust me, it's for the best.\" Lara left the room and left Calvin alone, to rage. He began to demolish the room. Pillows flew, he ripped the books, turned over furniture, and broke statues, as he wondered how this mess even happened. flashback The same way it happened when he was eighteen years old. Calvin continued to destroy the room as he reminisced about his first love, another slave girl. She worked in the house as a maid and Calvin got to see her everyday. Her name was Marilyn. She was about seventeen and he was eighteen. It started with a wave every now and then, but soon turned into quick hook ups behind closed doors. Calvin's father was a strict man. He had forbidden any intimate relationships with the help, and young Calvin knew that the consequences would be high if his father ever found out. The young Candie feared his fathers wrath, because of the cruel way he treated the slaves. A year passed and Calvin had become quiet serious with Marilyn. He wanted a better life for her, away from all the chains and shackles of slavery. Though it was risky, Calvin had arranged for him and Marilyn to escape Candyland for good. Unfortunately, his father was a smart man, and found out about their sweet escape. The older Candie was so angered by Calvin's love for the salve girl that he plotted to kill her. A few nights after the attempted runaway, Calvin's father dragged the two lovers into his office. He pulled out a gun and pointed it at Marilyn, but before he could do anything, Calvin jumped in front of her. He protested and begged his father to kill him instead of her or with her. The older Candie was down right annoyed at that point. He forcefully pulled his son out of the way and shot the innocent girl. Before leaving he turned to his son and said,\"I ain't killin my only son. No, you're gonna live here and remember. Remember that niggers are no damn good.\" present As Calvin remembered Marilyn and her impact on him, he realized that Sheba was his Marilyn right now. Sheba was the only thing that he was willing to give up his life for. \"No. I can't loose her too\", said Calvin to himself. He left the dissolved office and made his way to Sheba's room. Sheba's point of view I heard it all. I heard Lara tell Calvin to get rid of me, and that Calvin had lost more business partners. All I've done is cause trouble for him. If I loved him I would let him go. I locked the door, sat on my bed, and shamelessly downed a bottle of Calvin's hardest liqueur. I kept thinking about what Lara had said. I was a liability. I was worthless. Bottle after bottle, I began to believe her. I couldn't hold him back any longer. It wasn't right. he couldn't even look me in the eyes after what happened at the club. I was ruining his life. I took my dress off and reached for the shaving razor that I took from Calvin's room. He would understand, right? I drank another bottle before I began cutting into my arms. Blood splurged out of my left arm, then my right arm. The little lines of blood dripped all over the white sheets. I cried and told myself that I was doing a good deed. I began to fade in and out of consciences, but I could hear Calvin yelling for me. I smiled, a biter sweet smile. The doorknob began to jingle. \"Sheba open this damn door!\" \"SHEBA!\" I ignored him. I was too weak to even turn myself around to face the door. He kicked the door open and ran to my bed. I looked into his eyes and whispered,\"I'm so sorry. I..\" Before I could finish my sentence, everything around me turned black. hi guys! Intense chapter! Please review And stay tuned for the new chapter tomorrow!Xx lesha. Thanks girl! You're the best![Chapter 12] Narrator point of view Calvin Candies eyes widened, his pupils dilated, and he fought back tears as he watched the only person he loved slowly fade away. He climbed up on the bed, and shook Sheba's limp head. His navy blue suit stained as he check her bloody arms for a pulse. \"No, no, no, no!\" \"CORA! HURRY!\" He paced the room, shaking and shivering, as Cora frantically ran into the room. \"OH MY GOD! WHAT HAPPENED? IS SHE ALIVE?!\", screeched Cora. She ran to Sheba's side and violently grabbed her. \"COME ON SHEBA! WAKE UP!WAKE UP!\" Calvin pushed Cora aside, and said,\"It's no use! We need a doctor right away!\" He fled the room and sprinted to the stables. \"Billy! Billy, ride to the town and bring back the best damned doctor you can find! It's urgent!\" Billy, the head tracker, nodded at Candie, surprised by his disheveled appearance. Calvin watched eagerly as he galloped off and he didn't leave the barn doors until Billy returned. \"I brought ya a doctor. Claims ta be the best the town could offer\", stated Billy. Calvin dragged the doctor into the mansion and up to where Sheba laid. \"I don't know what happened. I had to force the door open and when I did..\" Calvin pointed to the bloodied bed and the equally red girl who was on top of it. \"Oh my!\", exclaimed the doctor. He pulled out a flashlight, and check Sheba's vitals. \"Barely hanging in\", stated the doctor. He stitched the deeper cuts and tried to pump her stomach. \"That's all I can do Mr. Candie. I have no idea why she's passed out for so long, but if she doesn't wake up by tomorrow morning, you'll have to let her go. Any health conditions I should know about her?\", asked the doctor. Still shocked and stricken by the whole situation, Calvin looked at the doctor, hazy eyed. \"She's pregnant.\" The doctor bit his lip and shook his head. \"After all those bottles, that stress, and the pressure put on her body, there's no way. I'm sorry Mr. Candie, but you can kiss that baby good bye.\" Calvin didn't even look up. He buried his head deep in his hands and wept. It was as if all the emotions he had, flowed out of his eyes during that very moment. The doctor turned to Cora and gave her precise instructions. \"Now if the girl don't wake up by morning, put her down. If she do wake, keep an eye on her. That was some major damage she put on herself. Also, watch for sickness. She's lost the baby and its going to be messy for a few days.\" With a tip of his hat, the doctor left, and Cora followed, leaving Calvin alone with the fainted Sheba. He climbed in her bed and stroked her neat hair. \"This is my fault. I shouldn't have ignored you. I'm so sorry Sheba.\" He snuggled into her chest and cried at the thought of daily life without her. The tears from his eyes mixed with the drops of blood on Sheba's chest. Calvin gingerly reached or her hand. It was cold, limp, stiff, like a zombies touch. He let it go, disturbed by the thought of her being dead. He placed his lips upon her ear. \"Don't you dare leave me, Sheba.\" Calvin stared at her, waiting for a reaction. Nothing. Hours passed, and Sheba was still unresponsive. Monsieur looked at the grandfather clock across the hall. If Sheba didn't rise within an hour, he would have to give up. Calvin Candie, the grown man, the cruel, ruthless, slave owner, Mandingo dealer, pimp, and usually cold hearted white supremacist, bawled. He stood over Sheba's body weeping, like no one ever did. His eyes emptied like a river that had been dry for years. His salty tears fell on her. The pain and agony rolled down her face, chest, and softly cleaned the mess off her caramel colored skin. Sheba's eyelids fluttered while her master heaved and cried over her. It was like a sudden bolt of energy ran through her body. Body electric, she snapped her eyes open and rose halfway out of bed. The gruesome sight reminded her of exactly what had happened. She looked over at the grief stricken man and smiled a little. Calvin whipped his head up. He couldn't believe it. She was awake, smiling at him, like a resurrected angel. He wiped the tears away from his eyes and tried to regain his poise and confidence. \"Well, I'll be damned\", stated Calvin. Sheba happily stared at him. It was obvious that he loved her. The fact that he was crying over her gave her just enough strength to throw her arms around him. No words. Sheba just held him, he nestled into her, and they stayed like that until Stephen rang a bell for dinner. hi everyone! Like it? Please review and be prepared for a new chapter tomorrow!Xx[Chapter 13] Hey everyone! I'm really sorry today this was totally unexpected. I'm an understudy for my high schools play and the girl who is the lead didnt show up so I had to take over for her. On top of that, I have a bit of a writers block. I really didn't want to write a shitty, short, chapter, so please be patient until tomorrow. I promise a juicy, longer, satisfying chapter for tomorrow! Once again, so sorry! See you tomorrow![Chapter 14] Narrator point of view One week passed. Sheba and Calvin recovered, both mentally and psychically. Sheba had noticed Calvin acting weird during breakfast, and when she asked him about it, he tried to play it off. Something was deeply irritating him. He excused himself from the table and went to his office, closing the doors behind him. \"Stephen did ya get me what I asked you to?\", asked Calvin. Stephen who was already in the luxurious office, pointed to a bouquet of white roses. \"Good. Try to keep Sheba occupied today. I don't want anyone around me today\", commanded Candie. Stephen nodded and left him. Calvin checked his appearance in a mirror. Running a hand through his gelled back hair, he grabbed the roses gently, and attempted to sneakily go through the back door of the house. Unfortunately for him, Sheba saw him. \"Where are you going Monsieur?\" Annoyed, Calvin pushed the flowers behind him and said,\"Don't worry about it. Go play with the horses. I'll be back real soon.\" Sheba confidently rolled her eyes. She saw the flowers and arrogantly thought that they were for her. Who else would they be for? She smiled sweetly and waited for Calvin to stroll past the gardens and towards the woods. Once again, curiosity got the best of her. Sheba grabbed a purple sun hat and went down the same path that Calvin had. \"Where you think ya goin girl?! Get your ass back here! Hey! Hey!\" Stephen kept yelling after Sheba, but she ignored him, knowing that he would never catch up to her. The weather was nice outside. Warm but breezy, unlike the usually, crazy, hot days. The field slaves watched her in awe. Few of them had ever seen her, but all of them knew who she was. Her long silky hair flowed behind her as she speed walked in order to keep Calvin in sight. Even the trackers stopped to enjoy the view of the beautiful, young, girl, going past them like an angel. As Sheba entered the forest, Calvin's impeccable figure was vaguely visible. \"Agh! Where is he going?!\", Sheba wondered aloud. Because of the many twigs and leaves on the ground, she had to take careful steps to keep her presence a secret. Calvin did turn around a couple times to check his surroundings. He was getting away and Sheba didn't want to get lost in the vast woods, so she began to run. In her heeled shoes and floor length dress, it was inevitable that Sheba would fall. She approached a decently sized log, and tried to athletically hop over it from a jog. Her satin dress got caught on to a stump in the log and Sheba fell flat on her chest, cracking many twigs and making a loud thump as she hit the ground. Calvin whipped his head around and furiously stared at his fallen mistress. \"Shit!\", exclaimed Sheba as Calvin stomped towards her. His expression seemed to grow angrier and angrier as he got closer to her. Sheba frantically tried to get off the ground but her hasty manner caused her fall again. Calvin yanked her up and he stared into her eyes, satanically. \"What the fuck do you think you're doing?!\" She innocently looked into his piercing, cobalt, eyes, and replied,\"Um. I was just curious Monsieur. I really wanted to know what those flowers are for.\" He let go of her arm and Sheba took a few careful steps backwards, in case he got violent. He shook his finger at her and said,\"I told you to play until I came home. It's none of your business what I do in my free time!\" Sheba looked down ashamed and mumbled an apology. Calvin smoothed his kept beard and looked at Sheba, intrigued. Her audacious but blameless behavior brought a smile to his face. She was naive and so inexperienced in such a cute way that he couldn't stay mad at her for long. Sheba raised an eyebrow at his sudden change in expression, not sure what to expect. \"You clever little minx! Ain't no one ever try to test me like that!\", exclaimed Calvin as he clapped his hands together. He lit a cigarette and pondered for a minute before he started again. \"Now you said you wanted to know about these flowers. These violets here.\" Sheba nodded excitedly. Calvin took her hand and they continued walking. \"Now way before I knew you or took ownership to this here plantation, I had a secret little lover. We were young, rash, dumb, and not careful enough. My father found out and killed her, right in front of my eyes.\" He paused, took a deep breathe, and continued, his voice cracking as he went. \"Every month, on the 10th, I leave violets at her memorial tree.\" He pointed to a large oak tree in the middle of a vast, open, empty, field. They walked in silence to the tree. Sheba stood a few steps backs, wanting to give him space. He fell to his knees and gently placed the violets at the foot of the tree. Five minutes later he got up and said,\"You were always as alluring and sweet as a violet\". Sheba felt completely moved. She had never seen Calvin so down and hurt by anything, other than her suicide. He held back his tears and quickly walked away, passing Sheba on the way. She saw his pain and couldn't just stand there and let him walk away so internally conflicted. Sheba jogged to him, grabbed his arm, and attempted to turn him around. He looked at her, with sad eyes. She wanted to say something really bad, but everything she thought of sounded cheesy or fake. He was starting to lose his patience and right as he tried to lose her grip, Sheba grabbed his face and kissed his soft lips. He didn't object and even gave her a little tongue. Calvin pulled away and the life returned in him. He places his hands around her waist and said,\"I'm sorry sweet meant a lot to me and sometimes I forget that I'm quite lucky to have a pony like you in my life.\" Sheba thought he was on the right track until he called her his pony. She giggled at him, surprised that she was surprised by his cockiness. \"Thanks Calvin\", she said, knowing that he was genuinely trying to be polite. \"See! That's my girl! Lets get back home. I almost forgot about the little present I have planned for you.\" They locked hands and ran through the small forest, eager to get to the big house. hey everyone! Sorry for the delay! My account was being weird and I had to contact the fanfic people to get it fixed. Anyways, enjoy, review, and be back tomorrow for more! Xx ","Summary":" Hey everyone! I felt really inspired to write this after watching Django again last week. I hope yo"},{"Movie":"Grudge","Title":"The Grudge 4","Author":"jxssimarie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8218332","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"When someone dies in the grip or a powerful rage…. A curse is born. The curse gathers in that place of death. Those who encounter it will be consumed by its fury. Those who survive will carry the curse with them… Until it is reborn.\" … Long ago, a mother with two daughters preformed a ritual to cure a lady from a curse. One of the daughters, Kayako, was curious, and came out to watch her mother. The mother, needing to hold the curse into anothers body , chose to put it into her curious daughter. This was indeed a mistake however. When Kayako was older, she had a son named Toshio, and a husband named Takeo, and they all lived in a house in Tokyo, Japan. Kayako had gotten a crush on her sons teacher, and wrote about this in a journal. One evening, Takeo had found this journal and began reading it. In a jealous rage, he beat and killed his wife, Kayako. Toshio, from witnessing this, was drownded by his own father. And their cat was also drownded and killed. Their bodies, hidden in the house, from all the rage, fury, and anger, a curse was born. Soon after, Takeo, killed himself from the guilt he later recieved from his actions[Chapter 2] Top of Form 1 Bottom of Form 1 Reborn Yet Again Chapter 2 of The Grudge 4 by NinjaGurl_XD \" So eh? What's wrong with this place? \" \" Um, What exactly do you mean? \" \" Come on Rob' This building is obviously 'so cheap' for a reason.. \" \" Well it does have a pretty bad history \" \" Like? \" \" Two families died here, A couple of ladies, and some others… \" \" What was the cause? \" \" It's been years since the deaths, still the case isn't even close to being solved… , Some say this case has been along for even longer, in Tokyo, the same type of deaths were reported… Long ago, they did come up with one suspect, Takeo Saeki. His wifes name came up a few times over the years too, but their all long gone by now.. \" \" Ha, Interesting I geuss, but still, I'm very interested in buying this building from you. I could rent it out, earn some money… \" \" I don't think thats a good idea … \" \" Come on! That was years ago like you said. Nothing bad is gonna happen. \" \" Fine, Just promise me something.. Do not! No matter what! Do not ever rent out, or enter apartment '305'. Got it? \" \" Yeah, Yeah…. \" \" Okay… \" The young man, Rob, handed the man the keys as he walked out the door. Stopping once to warn George, the new landlord once again. \" George, Remeber, Never rent out or—- \" \" Enter apartment number 305, Yeah yeah I got it! \" \" Okay… \" Rob ran out the door quickly. George looked towards the door, making sure he had left. \" Ha! That idiot really thinks I'm gonna stay away from 305? \" He ran up the stairs, keys in hand, scanning the doors, searching for 305. \" Ah, here it is… \" He carefully slid the key into the lock. Without even unlocking the door, it swung open. George walked in, scanning the ground, noticing bright yellow tape scattered around with black lettering saying 'CAUTION' . \" Hm, Interesting \". He whispered to himself. Curious, he opened the closet, looking around inside of it. Suddenly,he felt a cold chill fill the room, soon after hearing a horrifying, bone-chilling noise, he could bearly describe in words. Scared, he darted out of the apartment, the door slamming shut behind him. Once down the stairs, he laughed a bit to himself. \" Probally teens playing a prank…[Chapter 3] Rob slowly walked into the large apartment building he once called his. He could tell it changed alot in that one month. He cautiously looked around, as George approached him. \"Hi there Rob, What brings you here on this fine morning?\" \"Just wanted to check in\" \"Well everything is great! every apartment is rented out, except for that 'one', happy children run through the halls. All my customers love it here!\" \"Well thats great… But any deaths lately? or… or strange sightings… or sounds?\" \"Nope.\" \"Thats great.. Well I'll get out of your way , Have a good day George!\" Rob yelled as he quickly walked out. Soon after, An old Japanese man walked through the front door , slowly, and carefuly approaching George. \"How may I help you today\" \"H-hello there… I was wondering If I could rent out an apartment here from you…\" \"I'm sorry sir, We're all filled up!\" \"N-no… You still have 305 open…\" \"H-how did you—-\" \"I just know..\" \"I'm not allowed to rent that apartment out, I'm very sorry.\" \"I'm willing to pay 6 months rent, in advance!\" \"DEAL!\" George happily screamed. A slight smile appeared on the mans face, as he held a hand out for George to shake. \"So Um, Your name is…?\" \"Haru… And yours?\" \"George, Alright Haru, Let's go sign a contract?\" \"Sure!…\"[Chapter 4] Kelly lightly knocked on George's door , standing still, waiting. He quickly opened the door, greeting the young lady with a warm, welcoming smile. \"Hello there Kelly, Anything wrong?\" \"I was just wondering if the hot water was working, I know this building hasn't been 'running' for a while, Just wanted to make sure\" \"Yeah, it works!\" \"Thank you!\" \"It's no problem\" Kelly ran upstairs to her apartment, 303. Once in she began undressing, turning the handle to run the water. She stepped in the shower, the water warming up by the minute. While washing her hair, she could tell the room got cold. It felt as if someone was watching her.. However, she ignored this warning, carrying on with her shower. She swept her silky blonde hair over her shoulder, noticing a clump of black hair had been along with hers. Quickly, she picked it out, and threw it down the drain. Sighing in relief, she began to hear a strange, terrifying noise. She never heard anything lie it before. She shut off the water, standing there for a minute, trying to calm down. She grabbed a towel from the bathroom floor , and began drying herself. The noise soon began again. Kelly stood, wide-eyed as two ice cold, deadly blue arms reached out from behind her, wrapping around her neck. Frightened, she spun around , seeing a horrifying woman. The woman put two hands over her mouth, drowning out the high-pitched sound of her terrifyed scream. Soon, the woman opened her mouth, and that..was the end for Kelly. ….. George, in the halls, noticed a high-pitched scream come from the young, beautiful Kelly's room. He pulled out his keys from his pocket, unlocking the door as soon as possible. He ran into her bathroom , knowing she had been taking a shower. He looked in the bathtub, seeing her cold, bloody body laying there. George screamed at the top of his lungs. The police soon came to take the body away, for further research. Once everything was cleaned up, and George was alone, He noticed something strange. Knowing Kelly has blonde hair, he noticed a clump of silky, long black hair by the drain. Picking it up, he carefully observed it, then tossing it away. Suddenly, He heard the same, bone-chilling noise he had heard his first day here coming from the ceiling over the shower. He looked up, noticing nothing. He quickly walked out. George didn't really care about what was going on here, but he knew something very strange, and horrible was taking place at this building.[Chapter 5] Haru carefully lit two candles , one on each side of his desk. He folded his hands together, placing them on his lap, staring deeply into the light. \"My dear, dear Naoko… I know you are part of this house now, because of this god awful curse. You are most likely here with your sister. Please answer me dear?\" A horrifying noise filled the room, followed by a loud scream. \"Naoko! Are you here\" \"H-haru is it you?\" \"Yes\" \"Leave! It is not safe here, my sister is very angry and powerful, I cannot stop her\" \"I am staying, I will free you\" \"That is impossible, Kayako is keeping me here with her, She will never let me go.\" The candle flickered a bit, slowly the room turned black. \"Naoko….. I will save you…Someday…\" The horrible noise soon filled the room. Haru slowly looked over at a beautiful painting of the night sky that had been on the wall. Suddenly, the image shifted to Kayako. She slowly crawled out of the painting , moving towards him. He ran out of the apartment , running downstairs. This would never end.[Chapter 6] The whole building had been talking on and on about one thing, and one thing only, the deaths. It was starting to be almost like a quickly-spreading epidemic disease. Whoever witnessed a death, or entered the apartment of someone who had died, always seemed to die within the next few days. Survivors buzzed on about a japanese woman who was evil and would kill everyone, a young son similar in looks to her who always let out a painful cat cry, and a horrifying noise that is always heard right before a death. Sadly, those survivors didn't last for long. With only a few left in the building, no one slept, scared they would never wake up. George was scared of dying from this himself, but he decided to stay in the house, others or not he would stay here. He would never show fear. George entered some of the descriptions of the killings onto the internet, hoping to find out some more information. As the search results began showing up, he heard a light knock at the door . He stood up to answer the door, seeing it had been Haru. \"Hello there Haru, is there anything I can help you with?\" \"Actually… I was wondering if we could talk?\" \"Sure, Why don't cha' come on in, and make your self at home?\" \"Hm, Okay\" Haru walked in , awkwardly sitting on the couch next to George. \"So what was it that you wanted to talk about?\" \"The deaths…\" \"I'm geussing you're planning on moving out now,…\" \"No not at all! I want to help you\" \"Do you know more about this ?\" \"Yes I do..\" \"Please go on.\" \"Long ago, In Tokyo, Japan a man killed his wife, Kayako, and his only child, Toshio. From this anger, sorrow, and sadness, a curse was born, or a Ju-on. Once a group of girls entered this curse followed each of these girls, killing two, while one of them traveled to this building. Once here, the curse infected this house. Many are dying. Just a few years ago, my wife, Naoko came here to try and stop the curse. She died before completing the full ritual. Naoko was Kayako's sister.. Kayako's husband, Takeo's spirit spread to two girls brother, the old landlord The brother murdered my wife, Naoko, trapping her in this house along with Kayako and Toshio.\" \"Oh my…\" \"Indeed.\" \"So this curse… Um… or well…. Kayako is killing all of these people?\" \"Yes, out of anger, and revenge.\" \"I see… But If I may ask.. Why are you here exactly?\" \"I want to free my wife, she may be dead already, but I want to free her spirit from this house, so she can rest peacefully, and to end this curse fully.\" \"That seems a bit impossible….\" \"Not at all\" \"Then how?\" \"I have to perform the same ritual my wife attempted to perform. It will cleanse the house of the horrible spirit of Kayako, Takeo, And Toshio, sending them back to Tokyo. Also it will free my wife.\" \"When could we perform it?\" \"Sadly we cannot, Everyone in the house is infected by Kayako except for me, we need someone who has never been in, or has only visited the house a few times…\" \"I can find someone…\" \"Great! Just tell me when you do.. Just hurry please, before everyone dies…\"[Chapter 7] George completely ignored Haru's warnings, and his offer to rid the house of the curse. The more Haru pushed, the more George ignored him. As one whole month passed, more and more died. He tried his best to ignore all of this, but at one point, things became too much to handle. … \"Dad!\" Joe called out as he sat on his bed, tossing a small rubber ball at the wall and catching it. George rushed into the room, trying to keep cool. \"Yes, son?\" \"Can I go explore all the rooms in this dump for a while?\" \"I don't think thats a good idea….\" \"Whatever….\" George shook his head in disapproval, rushing out of the room to meet a few more people, interested in renting . Joe waited silently until he heard the front door shut. Once hearing his signal, he ran out of his room, grabbing a spare set of keys from his fathers desk, and quickly walked out of his apartment. Joe climbed the stairs, searching for each apartment he had a key for. Soon, after exploring some rooms, he finally reached the one room he was interested in, 305. Joe knew this apartment was rented out, but earlier saw the tenant going off to work. He quietly unlocked the door, slowly stepping in. He looked around a bit, noticing nothing special. The rumours described this apartment as a bit more creepy. But, in reality this seemed like a completely normal apartment, no different from the others. Joe looked around a bit more. Soon, he became bored and decided to search through some of Haru's belongings. After a while he came across a small, dusty book that appeared to be somewhat interesting. Joe scanned his fingers across its cover, a chill running down his spine. This intruiged him. He turned the pages slowly, noticing numerous drawings, Japanese writing, but one thing that stood out to him was one persons name. 'Peter' it was written all over the journal. He assumed the journal must have belonged to a young woman in love. But why woulld Haru keep such a thing? This must've meant alot to someone. Suddenly, Joe heard a strange noise coming from inside the closet behind him. He opened the closet, to find a small black cat that caressed his leg before dissapearing. Joe's eyes darted to the left, noticing a little boy, but he was pale white, and his eyes were bloodshot. \"W-who are you?\" Joe managed to whisper. \"Toshio…\" The boy opened his mouth wide, the loud, peircing scream of a cat in pain coming out. Joe jumped back in a fright, looking up. The white corners of the closet soon oozed black, silky hair. Soon, a young japanese woman appeared through the blackness, moving closer towards him. He was too frightened to move, so he stood their, watching the woman come even closer. Once she was the closest, the flew her arms out, carelessely snapping his neck.[Chapter 8] George ran through the halls searching for where his son had ran off to. He stopped by his apartment once again, noticing his spare keys were missing. Worried, he darted out into the halls, the first place on his mind to go was room 305 of course. He pulled his set of keys out of his pocket, and unlocked the door. He ran in, finding his lifeless son on the floor, bloody and torn. He screamed at the top of his lungs. 'Damn you... you took away my only family... and all my friends, what more could you want from me?\" Suddenly, George heard the familiar, horrifying noise he once ran from. His eyes scanned the walls, landing on a beautiful painting hanging on the wall. He noticed black, silky , long hair had been oozing from it. He backed away in a fright, as a woman climbed out, coming closer. He managed to run out the door, noticing the lady luckily didn't follow He ran to the front door, noticing Haru had been walking in. \"H-haru...\" \"Yes?\" \"We must stop this...\" Haru nodded in agreement, walking to George's apartment to discuss things.[Chapter 9] I glanced at my desk, over the years I collected such clutter on it. The same old pictures, of old friends, horrible memories.. And that one family, followed by many others. All, Dead. These cases over the years have made me realize something, somehow they were all connected. How so? I never actually found out that part! But one thing I did know, all of my friends either lived in, or visited the same old house before dying or disappearing. I. Yuuki. Was the only one of my friends left. It had been a few years since the last death of one of my friends.. But it still hurts, remembering the old memories. From Izumi, to Akane, to Rika, to Fukie, to Naoko. All died after the one same death of Naoko's sister Kayako. Her death was a mystery for a long while. But eventually they discovered her dead body in the attic of her house. It turns out her husband had murdered her, her son, and cat after finding out Kayako had been having an affair with the sons teacher. Now the house is told to be haunted by her spirit along with her sons and husbands spirit. Whoever who comes in contact with this fury, anger, and rage will die. I looked at an old pile of newspapers I had on my desk. One mentioned the first couple deaths in the house that started it all. Another was a bit more recent and it stated how a ton of mysterious deaths are now occurring at an apartment building in Chicage, Illinois that were similar to the deaths here in Tokyo. \"Oh dear lord... Could this curse have moved?\" I thought to myself. I was unsure of these deaths being caused by the curse, or just a large murder case. But, I could never be sure until I went to the place of these deaths myself. And if that was the key to somehow protecting the life of others, thats just what I would do.[Chapter 10] After hours of flying, and driving I finally arrived. On the outside, this seemed like a normal building, but I knew otherwise. I walked in, to be greeted by children smiling, laughing, and enjoying their lives. Before walking through the door, I whispered an old Japanese poem to myself that would protect me from the curse of this place, \"Su gi Juon , Su gi Juon, Arigato, Arigato\". I walked into the second door, to see the owner. \"Hello, You must be Yuuki.\" \"Yes...\" \"I warn you, I do not think it is safe to stay here for a long period of time...\" \"I am aware of the curse sir... I am here to stop it.\" \"Well I think someones already beat you to it\" \"Who exactly?\" \"His name is Haru..\" \"I know him quite well actually... He has no clue what he's dealing with.. All of my friends have died from this same curse, I was friends with the woman who haunts this place..before she passed..\" \"I am glad you're here\" \"I must speak with Haru, may you please guide me to his apartment?\" \"Of course, just this way..\" He led me up a few flights of stairs, and already my head pounded. I could feel the pain and sorrow that filled the air. I turned back, seeing Kayako looking at me from below the stairs. I looked away, trying to catch up to George who had sped ahead of me. \"Here is the apartment, come downstairs afterwards and I will show you your apartment.\" \"Okay, Thank you very much!\" \"You're welcome, Please.. Hurry and end this.. So many have already died... I can't bear to lose anyone else\". \"Don't worry.. I can handle this.\" I knocked lightly on Haru's door, noticing how quickly he answered. \"Hello Haru, Haven't seen you in quite a while...\" \"Yuuki?\" \"Yes, It's me..\" \"What are you doing here?\" \"We must talk... You don't have a clue what you're coming into. I know how to end this!\" \"How exactly..?\" \"May I come in? Then I shall explain\" \"Of course.\" I walked in, sitting down, waiting for Haru to also. \"Should I make some coffee Yuuki?\" \"There is no time! We must talk!\" \"Understood..\" \"I admit, I am unsure how to completely end this..\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I know how to rid this building of the curse, But it will head straight back to Tokyo.\" \"Well that would help! As long as no one enters the house..\" \"I can arrange that\" \"Well what is your plan?\" \"One thing your wife didn't know, was this curse is not from the curses her mother had filled her with at a young age. This curse was started from pain, sorrow, and death.\" \"Oh..\" \"Yes, there is an ancient Japanese ritual I must do in order for the curse to move on.\" \"How?\" \"This ritual is dangerous, so we must be careful, I will need your help.\" \"We will also need a sacrifice...\" \"Who would possibly volunteer for that role?\" George came into the apartment, \"Yuuki, Haru, I volunteer.\" \"George, you must understand you will be killed.\" \"I know that Yuuki, but I owe my son this..\" \"Okay... We will preform the ritual at sunset... I will need to get some supplies first\" \"Such as?\" \"I will need Sake, the robe Naoko wore in the last ritual, a metal bowl, the blood of Kayako, Kayako's journal, Kayako's hair, a plain journal, and of course... The human sacrifice..\" \"I already have a clump of Kayako's hair... I found it after a tenant of mine died...\" \"Perfect. I already have the blood of Kayako, a metal bowl, her journal, and plain journal, and the human sacrifice..\" \"Okay\" \"Two more things... I will need the corpse of Toshio's cat, Mar, which I already have. Oh and also, we will need Takeo, Toshio, and Kayako at this ritual..\" \"How will we collect all three?\" \"Don't worry... I know how...\"[Chapter 11] Tonight was the night, the night where this would all end, at least for Chicago. This would be a difficult ritual, but it was worth it. \"Yuuki, what apartment should we preform the ritual in?\" \"305... Where the first deaths occurred.\" \"Where is George\" \"He'll be here... I must set everything up.\" I lit four candles, at each corner of the room, next I placed the metal bowl in the middle of the room. I slowly poured Kayako's blood into it, If I had spilled even a single drop, the ritual would be impossible to perform. I wrapped the blood covered robe of Naoko around my body. I placed Kayako's journal on one side of the bowl, and the new one on the other side. In a cardboard box was the body of Toshio's beloved cat, Mar. I mixed Kayako's hair in with her blood. I opened a bottle of Sake, and placed it beside me. George ran through the door, sitting beside Haru and I. We all sat around the bowl. Soon, I began instructing the two. I took a sip from the sake, passing it around. All three of us spit it out. \"The bad taste of the sake basically told us, this curse is dangerous to us all, which is why I must say this protection poem, \"Su gi Juon! Su gi Juon! Arigato! Arigato\" Now, we are all protected temporarily.\" \"Now what?\" \"First I must warn both of you, No matter what you see or hear, do not speak! It could kill us all...\" \"Now I must summon the Saeki family... \"When someone dies in the grip or a powerful rage…. A curse is born. The curse gathers in that place of death. Those who encounter it will be consumed by its fury. Those who survive will carry the curse with them… Until it is reborn.\" Suddenly, I saw Kayako, Toshio, and Takeo all surrounding the circle \"They're here, Now we can begin,...\" I grabbed the bowl from the ground, handing it to George. \"When I begin reading her journal, You must drink this all, including the hair, it may not taste well but this is the most important part of the ritual, agreed?\" \"Yes\" \"'Kobayashi...Kobayashi... Kobayashi... I love Kobayashi...' 'Today Kobayashi drank too much, I had to help him home' 'A girl has a crush on my Kobayashi/'... 'He's not my son, He's not my son, she betrayed me'... \" George drank from the cup. Kayako appeared behind him, wrapping her long hair around his body. Naoko appeared, cutting her sisters arm. Kayako's blood dripped into the bowl. I dipped my pen into the blood and opened the new journal. and then began writing, \" This curse began from pain, sorrow, rage, and jealousy. This building is not meant for your haunting. Go back, return to your resting place. Leave this place at once, When someone dies in the grip or a powerful rage…. A curse is born. The curse gathers in that place of death. Those who encounter it will be consumed by its fury. Those who survive will carry the curse with them… Until it is reborn. The curse only belongs in its' resting place The curse is meant to stay their and consume any who encounter it. May I wish peace onto this family\" I shut the journal closed, Dripping Kayako's blood onto it. With my fingers, I wrote 'Juon' On the journal. Then I placed the two journals, the rest of Kayako's blood, the sake, Naoko's robe, and the cup all into the same box that Mar was in. I looked over at Haru, and gasped. Takeo had taken over his body. I looked down, and spoke \"Haru, I'm so sorry... So very sorry.. I should have protected you better, but I must do this... to save others...\" I grabbed the box, and ran out of the apartment, I began screaming 'Everyone get out! Get out! Fire!\" Everyone escaped, except for George and Haru. Now, their souls were part of this curse. I felt terrible , leaving them as sacrifices, but It was the only way I could end this. I watched, as the building burned from the inside out. I placed the box down, running back in. There was one thing I had forgotten, and needed. I grabbed a blade out of my pocket, darting up the stairs. Where Georges body once was, lay the body of Kayako, the woman I once knew so well.[Chapter 12] She stared deep into my eyes, trying to break me from the inside out. I held on, never letting go. I had a mission, A mission I would complete. I've lost too many to sacrifice this ability to be able to proudly end this. She grabbed onto me, moaning in pain, bloody and torn. I faced her, with a serious face. I grabbed onto her neck, pulling a blade from my pocket, chopping her head right off. I held her head in my hands, blood mixing in with fire. I jumped out of a close window, with head in hand, landing safely on a trampoline provided by the fire department. I hid Kayakos head from others eye, carefully placing it in the same box. The hardest part of my mission was completed. Now to end this for now ...[Chapter 13] I was finally here. The one place where this whole thing started. Long ago, the normal Japanese family. The wife, the husband, and the son. All dead. Two murdered, one dead by will. Yellow tape surrounded the house. I could feel the evil within. It's as if the house had a mind of its own. I entered, cautiously. And there every detail stayed the same. The long staircase, the bathroom down the hall, the small living room. Dust, broken glass, blood. Everything. I walked up the stairs, stopping after each stair passed. The moaning began, she was here. The box which held the womans head began dripping a cold, dark substance. BLOOD. I entered the room where her body was once stored. The closet. I placed her head up into the closet, the attic. I lit three candles, and gave a moment of silence,to put her soul to rest. Or at least for her soul to rest here where it is meant to be. I slowly closed the closet doors. and left the room, closing its door behind me. I walked down each step, feeling her presence. At the last stair, she came. The moaning began. She slithered a bit like a snake down the steps. Her prey of course was me. I backed away in both fear and shock. I tripped over my own feet, just laying there. Observing her every move. She came closer, and then even closer. Climbing over my weak, cold body. Her eyes were full of worry, fear, anger, and sorrow. Then, she spoke. \" I'm back... \" Her raspy voice echoed the abandoned house. Her son happily watching behind her. Then, the end . Or at least for myself. Her cold, pale arms wrapped themselves around my neck, then a crack, and blackness . ","Summary":" \"When someone dies in the grip or a powerful rage…. A curse is born. The curse gathers in that pla"},{"Movie":"Django Unchained","Title":"Wanted: Dead or Alive","Author":"goblinesque","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9019073","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Bounty Don't own any characters except my own, that's the only time I will say it! Schultz and his newly bought Django rode into the small dust filled town. Small shops cluttered the streets along with tents in the alleyways selling essential products at an astounding high price. Shultz knew what sort lived in this town. Gamblers, drunkards, and whores walked up and down the streets. He suspected that not one good soul lived within the confines of this town. Eyes locked on to Django as he rode upon his bay gelding that he had recently acquired from his previous owners. It wasn't a new experience of having eyes upon him, he had grown used to the shocked bright eyes of the white folks that looked up or down at him, depending upon where they stood in the town. Cat calls and gun shots came from the whorehouse to the left of them where a two story hotel house stood regal. The sheriff of the town and his deputy stood stout upon the hotel's porch as they watched with keen eyes as Shultz and Django rode on into their town. \"So what we doin' here,\" Django asked with a thick Southern accent that he had acquired from many, many years laboring on a rather large Southern plantation. \"We have a bounty,\" Schultz annunciated as he pulled his horse to a halt on the side of the dirt road. He pulled a wanted poster out of his billfold that hid within his vest pocket. \"Name is Mad Jack Hatfield,\" Schultz informed Django. Django looked at the wanted poster that was handed to him. There was no picture of the wanted man upon the flyer. He looked over to Schultz and gave him a confused smile. \"No picture,\" Django asked, \"What he do?\" \"He went on a small killing spree,\" Schultz said simply, \"Wiped them all before finishing them off.\" \"Well how you know he here,\" Django asked as he dismounted the gelding. \"Word of mouth,\" King Schultz informed him quickly as he hopped off of his dental wagon, \"Many people have a price for their information, a relatively cheap price. So we'll have a beer at that there saloon and then we'll start askin' around.\" Schultz turned to look over to Django and shook his head, recalling the scene that had taken place just weeks before. \"Maybe we should skip the beers,\" he admitted and turned to look at the bar, \"You just stay out here while I go ask the barkeeper.\" Django looked at King Schultz with slight confusion, but shrugged his shoulders at the man's words as he turned to see a very blessed woman walking passed him dressed in the most expensive of gowns of the most expensive red and black cloth. He watched as she gave him a stern look as she walked passed him, carrying a black umbrella to shield herself from the burning ball of fire that made its home in the blue skies of the South. \"Mam,\" he announced and tugged at the tip of his hat as she walked passed him, ignoring his courtesy as she walked into the bath houses. Schultz walked into the crowded bar. Scantily clad women held trays carrying hard liquor to and from the bar to the burly patrons of this shoddy establishment. He pulled his hat off of his head as he walked toward the bar and took a seat at the only empty chair. \"What'll ya have,\" the barkeeper asked as he cleaned a dirtied glass with a white handkerchief. \"I'm looking for something…or rather someone,\" Schultz admitted, \"Jack Hatfield. He's an old friend.\" The bartender smiled at him, the smile exposed the tobacco that had riddled his teeth from a life time of chewing and smoking. \"Mad Jack just left here,\" he informed him. \"Where'd he go,\" Schultz asked with a growing smile, happy that he did not have to pay any money this time for the information that he needed. \"You may want to wait a while,\" the barkeeper informed him, \"Went to the bath house, may have a visitor in there if ya know what I mean.\" Schultz smiled as he tapped the stained bar top and gave his thanks to the bartender. He hurriedly walked out of the bar, narrowly missing being trampled by two large burly men throwing punches at each other in a drunken brawl. He hurried out of the bar and smiled brightly as he walked into the fresh air, relieved to have escaped the smoke filled room. He smiled at Django happily as he clapped his hands together. \"We got him,\" Schultz announced happily as he clapped his hands together in giddiness. He hurriedly made his way toward the bath house with Django following close behind him. He turned quickly and stopped his black friend. \"The barkeep said that there may be a woman in various stages of nudity,\" Schultz admitted with a shrug of his shoulder as he watched the surrounding townspeople staring at him, \"I think it would be safer if you'd stay out here.\" Django shook his head at the man's words, but agreed to stay behind anyways. He had seen what had happened to a slave that whistled at a passing white woman. The man hadn't died from the tar or the feathers; he had died from the infection that entered his body after the tar was removed from his body. It had been the very first lethal act of violence against a slave that he had seen. He was seven when he witnessed the brutal act and he had never been able to shake the memory. Schultz took a deep breath, readying himself to catch Mad Jack in a compromising situation. He placed his hand in his pocket and lightly touched against the small pistol that he always kept hidden from prying eyes. He filled himself with courage as he thought of the many possibilities that could await him jsut behind the door of this small bath house. Death did not frighten him, but a crippling gun shot to the leg did bother him greatly. He opened the door and stopped short as he looked at the pale, naked back of a woman with dark hair that was kept in a high bun upon her head. He felt his breath slip away from him as he watched the woman's arm extend outward to drop the white brazier to the ground. He could see the outline of her pale face as she turned her head back toward the small tub of hot water. Her skin resembled the snowy mountain tops of his homeland. He suspected that there wasn't a woman in all of the South land that did not envy her complexion, a complexion that no doubt came from a comfortable living inside the confines of a large plantation house. He cleared his throat as he heard a chuckle escape her. \"Is that a pistol in your pocket or are you just happy to see me,\" she asked with a distinct Mississippi accent. His eyes grew as large as Chinese tea saucers as he watched her daringly turn to face him with her breasts exposed to him. Never in his life had he seen a more perfect, perkier set of breasts. He quickly forced his eyes away from what God had obviously blessed her with and looked at black liner that covered her eyes and caused the dark blue orbs to stand out even more. He watched as a wicked smile tugged at her blood red lips. \"Never see the breasts of a woman before Mr. Schultz,\" she asked as she lifted a well-crafted dark brow to gaze at him with a dark glare. He choked back an uncomfortable cough as he pulled his gun out of its home within the confines of his jacket pocket. \"I'm looking for Mad Jack Hatfield,\" he demanded. The woman chuckled once again as she glared at him. She turned back around and sighed as she reached down to grab the white silk cloth that she had dropped to the floor. She rolled her eyes in agitation. \"So much for that bath,\" she whispered in slight anger as she pulled the small clothing over her chest and hurriedly stepped back into her dress. Schultz watched as she looked into a broken mirror that stood in the corner and smile as she took in the fierceness of her looks. \"Where is Mad Jack,\" he asked once again. She rolled her eyes as she turned back to look at him. A smile grew across the ruby red lips as she walked toward him, stopping just before she stepped upon the toes of his black leather boots. She could always cause a man to cower slightly by her intimidating eyes and this one was no different than any other drunken bastard that she had encountered since she had left her plantation home in Mississippi. \"It's Jacqueline Hatfield. And I detest the name Mad Jack. I'm not mad, I'm just lookin' for the pound of flesh that is owed to me. I'm just murderous.\" You like? Review and tell me what you think? There aren't many stories in this section. That needs to be fixed so this is my little contribution. Hmm...I picture Mad Jack as Lara Pulver (the woman that played Irene Adler in Sherlock) Reviews are loved! :)[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Wanted: Dead or Alive A/N: So I'm a history major. I'm going to go at this as if it's actually happening which means that there will be racial slurs and all kinds of horrible things. Also, from what I've read, there seems to be a misconception on how things were back then, especially in the area of how blacks were viewed. Let's get this straight, it was very rare that a black man was seen as equal to a white man...even if that white man disagreed with slavery, so that is how I am going to portray American life in this story. I am going to write it in the reality of the times back then. Sorry if it offends people, but that's how I write. I don't dress it all up in order to not offend people, I write realistically (especially if it is a period piece like this). So with that, know that I am not racist or a horrible person, I'm just writing the way things actually happened back then. \"How,\" Schultz stopped as the piercing dark blue eyes of the woman looked into his own, \"How'd you know my name?\" She smiled and replied, \"Who in this great, grand world has never heard of the great dentist and bounty hunter King Schultz?\" Her smile quickly faded as she looked him up and down. His clothes were wrinkled as if he had slept a many a long nights sleeping outside in the elements of the wild South. Her eyes darkened as she moved dangerously close to him. \"And here you are, with a pistol in your pocket,\" she whispered as she reached into his pocket and lightly graced her long fingers over the base of the silver gun, \" coming to take me in. Tell me, Mr. Schultz, will you shoot me in the head or in my heart?\" He did not say anything as he looked down at her petite white hand that was now removing itself from his pocket, thankfully leaving the pistol within its cozy, warm home. \"I'm quite fond of what lives within my heart Dr. Schultz,\" she whispered as she looked into his worried eyes, \"And of my face, well, I'm sure it should be a damnable sin to shoot a woman in the head.\" \"You'd really kill a woman just for a few bucks,\" she asked with a lifted brow. \"No,\" he answered as he gave her a wicked grin that matched her own, \"but I have no problem taking you to Mississippi.\" \"Mississippi,\" she hissed in anger, \"I shall surely be hanged there! You don't know what kind of fresh hell is waiting there for me to return!\" \"Well that's what happens to cold blooded killers,\" Schultz informed her quickly, taking in how her once dark blue eyes now burned like hell fire at the mention of Mississippi. The fire in her eyes quickly disappeared as she backed away with a large smile on her face. She lowered her eyes and curtsied slightly in front of him. Her smile growing immensely as she looked up at him wickedly. \"I need to go into the bar to collect my things,\" she stated in a matter of fact tone. She watched as Schultz made a move for his gun. She held her hand out to him and added, \"There's no need for that. I assure you that you have me. You can have me all the way to Mississippi and back again if you'd like, but I'm not leavin' without my things and my horse, Dr. Schultz.\" Schultz smiled at her simple request. He had never met an outlaw that had accepted their capture and would be willing to go along with them all the way to the hangman's noose. This outlaw was something all together different. \"You gonna follow me,\" she asked as she walked passed him, her perfume floating in the air and finding his nostrils perfectly. The smell of honeysuckles took over his senses as she walked by him and out into the hot streets of the one horse town. \"I think it's more beneficial to me-\" \"And your slave,\" Jack informed dangerously with a large smile as she walked passed Django, \"Next time he puts them spook eyes upon me, I'll take a whip to him and I won't stop until he cries out the devil's name to take his soul.\" She chuckled as she walked into the bar. Broken glass cracked under her black heels as she walked toward the stairs to her room above the bar. She turned quickly to King and smiled at him. \"Only men allowed up here are payin' men,\" she informed him, her lips were close to his ears as she spoke to him, \"And I'm sure you're above payin' for a woman. Hell, I doubt you have ever needed to pay for a woman Whiskers.\" She pulled away from him with a sinfully dark smile across her red lips as she turned her back on him. \"I shan't be long,\" she informed him as she lifted the ends of her skirts up and continued to walk up the stairs. Schultz stood, releasing the breath that he had been keeping, at the bottom of the stairs as he watched her enter the bedroom where she had slept on her stop into this one horse town. He turned quickly to see the bartender smiling at him and giving him a wink. He couldn't help the smile that escaped him at the bartender's actions. He had been duped. Never would he have imagined that Mad Jack was a woman, especially a murderously beautiful woman with the devil's silver tongue. Mad Jack Hatfield could be a potential disease. ... Jack hurried into her small bedroom that she had slept in for the last week or so. It was still clean as if she had not been staying in there. She bit at her lip and looked out the window for a quick escape. She smiled brightly at how bright the German bounty hunter really was. \"Damn,\" she whispered to herself as she looked down to the dirt ground to see Django standing beside the dental carriage with two guns pointed right at her. She smiled at him and pursed her lips together as a unique whistle escaped her. She smiled at the sound of thunderous hooves bounded through the street. She watched as Django turned quickly as a large black and white paint mustang reared up beside him and pawed at the ground. An expensive black and silver saddle and matching blanket sat atop the beast's back of rolling fat. The horse was clearly well taken care of and well mannered. Django quickly looked up at the window to see that the woman had receded back into the room and closed the window. He shook his head as he looked at the painted beast that now stood regal beside him. The animal snorted slightly as dust flew across the dry Texas street. Jack looked down to see Django lightly patting her horse on its large muscled neck. She couldn't help the smile that came over her as she looked down at her horse. Her one constant companion through her travels across the South. \"Hello pretttayyy lady,\" she heard a slurred voice announce from behind her. She felt a sudden jerk of her elbow that forced her to face a tall, slim figure of a very hard hearted man. She had seen the man plenty of times before; he was nothing but a low down dirty bounty hunter that used a gang to back him up against the marching armies. He had also been a loud mouth in Washington before he took to the game of bounty hunting and fighting duels, one of which that resulted in the death of a congressman. \"Jack McCoy,\" she announced with feigned happiness as he backed her up against the wall. He placed his pistol against her cheek as a show of dominance over her. He smiled as he watched her cower into the wall. \"I've been lookin' for you for a while Hatfield,\" he informed her harshly, \"Almost had ya in New Orleans.\" \"Well I haven't been lookin' for you McCoy,\" she replied with a sweet smile upon her face as she looked up at his long cheekbones and sharp nose. His sky blue eyes pierced into her dark blue ones. Together their eyes resembled the cloudless blue sky touching upon the cold dark waters of the deepest ocean. \"There's a pretty little bounty on your head,\" he informed her with a smile as he cocked the gun and held it against her temple, \"It's a shame that I'll have to destroy that pretty lil face o' yours, but considerin' you didn't consider it when you shot my lil brother through the eye-\" \"He was a pathetic lil pus that couldn't get it up,\" she hissed with a dark smile upon her lips, \"I thought I was doing his wife a favor.\" She watched as rage came over Jack McCoy's face and smiled as her free hand darted behind her back and grabbed the long rifle that she had kept hidden behind the white curtains. She hurriedly shot it upwards and smiled as the man fell backwards with a bullet in his throat. Jack watched as the bounty hunter lay on the wooden planks of the floor grasping at his throat. She moved quickly toward him and picked his gun from the floor. She watched as blood danced across the wooden planks, staining them at the moment. She watched as he spit blood up in the air as he tried to speak. \"I never did like your family McCoy,\" she hissed as she held his gun in her hand, just above his head. Her eyes were as cold as Arctic ice caps as she pulled the trigger and ended the young man's life. Screams from the whores from the room beside hers ripped through the bar. She rolled her eyes in annoyance as she dropped the rifle and hid the pistol in the gun belt that she quickly fastened against her hip. She hurried toward the dresser beside her bed and quickly grabbed a large leather bag. She held it closely to her as she hurried out of the bedroom and down the stairs. Men quickly ran passed her to see what the commotion from upstairs was about. Schultz stood slightly dumbfounded as she grabbed his hand and pulled him out of the bar. \"Time to go,\" she demanded as she jumped onto her horse and urged him forward. Django hurried onto his old horse and hurried in the direction of Mad Jack. He refused to let a bounty go free. With each head that was collected he received money from Schultz. Schultz watched as a large gang of men on horses hurried passed them as his single horse pulled him out of the town, hurrying to catch up with Django and Mad Jack. He had seen the blood that had splattered upon her dress and knew that she had taken another man's life. From the size of the gang that had bolted into the town toward the bar, he knew that she had just taken the life of someone rather important. Mad Jack would be a daring challenge to get her back to Mississippi. They would have to take away everything that could possibly be used as a weapon against them. He knew that he would have to tie her hands up. Mad Jack had the reputation of being the quickest murderer in the South and, of what he had just witnessed, the rumors had been correct. She had only been up there for a grand total of two minutes before the gun fire was heard. Mad Jack was a dangerous commodity that they were now destined to travel with. He just hoped that the gang that had just passed had no intentions of pursuing them in hopes of taking Jack for their own justice. So how about that? What do you think? Any chance for a Schultz/Jack pairing? Will the gang come after them? Will they make it to Mississippi? Do you like Mad Jack? So many questioned need to be answered! :)[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: The Woman Django and Mad Jack raced through the desert with Schultz right on their tale. Jack's long dark hair fell from her high bun as she raced through the flat land of Texas. She kicked her horse harder and harder to further herself away from the town and the murder that she had just committed. She smiled as she looked back quickly to see Schultz bouncing up and down in his dental carriage. She chuckled as she whipped her horse on his rump with her small whip. The horse kicked up the speed with each long stride, quickly moving further and further away from the two men. Django looked back to King who was shaking his head with an entertained smile. \"Don't let her get away,\" Schultz informed him with a chuckle as he watched the woman race across the desert with a trail of sand flying behind her, \"And don't kill her either. She's worth more alive.\" Django shook his head as he kicked his horse in the flanks and hurried after the outlaw woman. His horse quickly caught up with her slowing animal. He watched in confusion as she stopped her horse and waited for him. He could hear her cackling like a hen with laughter as she waited for him. He stopped in front of her and jerked the reins out of her hands. \"What you think you doin',\" he asked in confusion. She cocked her head to the side and smiled wickedly as she said, \"Confusin' you and playing your master's game.\" \"He ain't my master,\" Django corrected her harshly as he wrapped the reins around the horn of his saddle and led her horse forward, \"I'm a free man.\" \"What's your name free slave,\" she demanded harshly, her brow lifted as she waited for his response. \"Django,\" he informed her, \"Django Freeman,mam.\" \"Freeman,\" she said with a roll of her eyes as she was pulled behind him, \"How creative! It's like those others that take their owner's last name. You all are a creative bunch.\" She chuckled as he kicked his horse lightly and they both galloped back towards Schultz's wagon. \"You know that if you take me back into Mississippi that your status as a free man is null and void,\" she informed him harshly, \"They'll sell you back into slavery and a young, strong, healthy buck like you, hell, your dentist friend couldn't afford to get you back.\" \"I ain't got the wish to be taken back into slavery,\" he replied quickly. \"Hmm,\" she said in slight annoyance as they stopped in front of Schultz, who was now standing tall beside his wagon with a rope in his hands. \"Sorry Whiskers,\" she announced as she pushed herself out of the saddle and off of the horse to the ground. She quickly straightened her bunched dress and smiled at her captors, \"You're not going tie me up.\" \"Sorry can't take that chance,\" he informed her and held his hands out to signal for her to hand him her hands. He sighed dramatically and added, \"Please, I don't want young Django to have to throw you in the dirt and stain that pretty dress of yours. It's just easier this way Miss Hatfield.\" She smiled at him and replied as she held her hands out. She smiled as his well-worn hands closed around her thin wrists. She smiled as he pulled them together and wrapped the harsh rope around her wrists. Schultz looked up at her to see that she had closed her eyes in defeat but yet held a soft smile upon her face defiantly. He couldn't help but chuckle at the woman that was now under his protection until they arrived in Mississippi. \"You are enjoying this aren't you,\" he asked and watched as she opened her eyes quickly to stare into his own dark chocolate orbs. She gave him a soft smile as she watched him look her up and down, \"I'm going to have to take away any weapons that you may have,\" he watched her lift a questioning brow at his request, \"For our own safety and yours.\" Jack smiled as she lifted her right foot from the floor and placed it upon the wagon wheel. She looked to Schultz and then to Django who was looking at her with wide eyes. \"You want to be tarred and feathered,\" she asked bitterly as she glared at Django, \"I suggest you keep your beady eyes forward unless you want me to cut 'em out of you and wear them as earrings.\" \"I ain't no slave,\" Django barked as he grew tired of her harsh words. She may be a woman, but her words seemed to cut deeper than the whips that the Brittle brothers were so fond of using. She giggled at his words and then looked over to Schultz and rolled her eyes. Django was still glaring at her, ignoring her demand. \"So 'cause you are a free man,\" she said the words in a happy yet sarcastic tone, \"that means that you are an equal,\" she laughed at Django, \"Listen here sweetie, you and those other coloreds aren't gonna be seen equal in quite some time. Hell, even a white woman isn't equal to a white man.\" \"That's just 'cause the South ain't,\" Django stopped as he searched for the words that Schultz had used on their first meeting, \"Enlightened.\" Jack's giggles erupted into full laughter that blew over the empty, dusty space around them. She closed her eyes as the laughter took over her body like a wild demon running through her veins. She shook her head as she slowly willed the laughter out of her body. \"Honey,\" she said as she rolled her eyes as a few stray giggles escaped her, \"Django, honey, that enlightened part of the country is no better than the plantations. What do they want with you all? You think that they will take care of you?\" She looked at Schultz and smiled, \"You've been up there. Why don't you enlighten this young buck about the enlightened part of the country?\" Schultz did not answer her and she shook her head as she looked down at her exposed ankle. She pulled her skirt up high and stopped above her thigh where she had a pistol hidden in case of emergency. \"Fine,\" she hissed as she looked back to Django, \"The coloreds that were once sheltered on their respective plantation quarters are now freezing in the streets while they fight the plague ridden rats that share their alley way. If that's enlightened, then please let me live out my dying days in ignorance.\" \"I don't believe that,\" Django muttered as he turned away from the dark haired devil woman. \"Then don't,\" she answered bitterly and turned to glare at Schultz with her piercing blue eyes, \"If you want the gun then take it. You've doomed me to death anyways.\" Schultz quickly grabbed the pistol out of its warm home against her toned thigh. As he removed the weapon, he caught a glimpse of sadness cross over her dark blue eyes as he pulled what must have been her last hope of protection away from her. He felt a quick tug at his heart at the look that was painted upon her face, but he quickly turned away from her. \"We need to get to Nacogdoches before tomorrow,\" Schultz said to Django, \"Uhm,\" he stopped and looked to Jack and then to the wagon, \"We're going to have to put you in the back.\" \"No,\" she informed him quickly, \"I'm not being locked up in a box. Not with the McCoy gang on the loose. I don't plan on being burned alive; it's not a pleasant way to die.\" \"And how you know that,\" Django asked as he grabbed her pistol from Schultz and placed it into his own holster. She gave him an imposing smile and asked, \"Do you know a man by the name of Carlos Kidd?\" Django shook his head. Schultz turned to her and smiled at her brightly. He quickly turned back to Django and chuckled. \"He was a train robber, killed a wagon full of Indians hoping to get some gold out of them,\" Schultz informed his friend. \"That's not exactly true,\" Jack corrected as she dropped her leg from the wheel and allowed her dress to fall back in bunches around her ankles. She smiled as she looked at the confused face upon Schultz face. \"No that's right,\" Schultz said, \"His reward was $3,000.\" \"It was 4,600 dollars,\" she informed him as she walked passed him and jerked the reins from Django's saddle horn,\"…and it was a train full of 'em.\" \"How you know 'bout him,\" Django asked as he watched the woman in red pull herself up onto her saddle. \"Open the bag,\" she stated casually as she rode toward Schultz. She looked down into his dark brown eyes as a smile appeared across her face. She watched him slowly move toward the leather bag and untie the flaps to reveal a large sum of money. Schultz quickly scanned the money and then looked up to the beautiful women that shielded his view of the sunlight behind her. He smiled as he realized what she had done. \"I'm not always the bad guy,\" she admitted as she looked deep into his brown eyes. \"You're a bounty hunter,\" he asked, slightly stunned at her revelation. \"You a bounty hunter too,\" Django asked as he looked at the cash that was neatly tucked into her bag. \"When I'm not out for revenge then yes,\" she informed them both, \"Men trust that a woman is a docile creature, unknown to the art of how to handle a gun, or the brains to track and kill a man.\" \"And the McCoy gang,\" Schultz asked as he closed her bag, leaving her money untouched. He watched as she lowered her gaze. \"Why'd they come looking for you,\" he asked, his German accent clear in his voice as he looked up at her. Her once hard features now softened in what seemed to be regret. \"I killed Jack McCoy's little brother,\" she informed them, \"That little son of a bitch raped and murdered my little sister in New Orleans. Jack came lookin' for me and I killed him. Now the whole god damned McCoy family is out after me.\" She looked over to Django and then shook her head as she looked back to Schultz. Worry filled her eyes as she felt herself falling into those dark brown chocolate orbs. \"I can't survive on my own with the McCoy gang coming after me,\" she whispered, \"I've lived my life on the run, I can't hide anymore,\" she stopped and placed her tied hands upon the horn of the saddle, \"You have me, I'm not gonna run off.\" \"What was that trick that you tried to pull earlier,\" Schultz asked as he eyed her over. She smiled brightly at his question and answered, \"To see if you were paying attention, and I was pleased to see that you were.\" \"No more tricks,\" she promised with a stern look upon her face, \"Protect me from the McCoys, take me to Mississippi if you see fit, and the money is yours to split with young Django,\" she turned to Django and smiled at him, \"He's going to need it if he thinks he's gonna make a new life for himself in the enlightened north.\" Schultz smiled at her and signaled to his horse and said, \"This is Fritz.\" Jack smiled as she watched the horse lower his head and bellow his greetings toward her. She chuckled as she kicked her horse forward to look at Fritz. She looked to Schultz and gave him a wicked smile as she clicked her tongue against her teeth to make a unique noise. They watched as the black and white paint horse lowered its top half low to the ground and bowed low to Fritz. Jack closed her head and bowed her head slightly as a knowing smile crossed her face as her horse rose from the ground. \"Hello Fritz,\" she said happy in the knowledge that this had sealed the deal with Schultz, \"This is Black Jack.\" ... Boyd McCoy glared down at the body of his little brother that lay on the wooden floor of the Texas bar. Anger raged through his veins as he looked at the two bullet holes inside of his younger brother. \"Who did this,\" he hissed in anger as he turned away from his brother's body to look at his younger cousin Tommy McCoy. Tommy shook his head as he turned away from his cousin and looked down at the list that the bartender had handed them. Tommy was always the one given the reading tasks, being that he was the only one in the family that had learned how to read. He had been the youngest in the family and therefore never asked to help work in the fields, giving him leisurely time to fish and read on the side of the Mississippi. \"Jack Hatfield,\" he read aloud to his cousin as he looked at the dark ink upon the stained paper. \"Hatfield,\" Boyd hissed in anger as he glared at the window. \"That's Mad Jack Hatfield,\" Bobby McCoy, the largest of the McCoy gang, said in anger. \"Jacqueline Hatfield,\" Boyd said as an angered yet knowing sneer formed upon his face. \"Bartender said that some nigger and a bounty hunter came in and got her,\" Tommy informed Boyd quickly. \"They may be taken her back to Mississippi…that is unless her family don't get to her first. They are mighty chapped at her for leaving, but of the Hatfields do get to her, what they gonna do to use when they find out what Jack did to Carolina?\" \"If they get her back to Mississippi,\" Bobby added quickly, \"They'll hang her.\" Boyd smiled as he looked at Tommy. The wicked snarl grew across his face as a dark thought came over him. He looked down at his little brother and crossed his chest as he said a quick prayer for the dead. \"What if we catch her and those Hatfields,\" Boyd said darkly. The sound of spurs clicked against the floor. Slight fear grew in the hearts of the McCoy boys as they moved away quickly to make room for the bulky man with a smoking pipe in his mouth. Daniel McCoy, the father to the two slain sons, walked into the room and looked down at the body of his son. He glared down at the dried blood upon the wooden floor. His stubbornness did not allow a tear to be shed for his departed child, but an anger bubbled inside of him as he turned to Boyd. \"Who did this,\" he asked with a deep Southern drawl that only came from too many drunken nights and a lifetime of tobacco addiction. \"Mad Jack Hatfield, Pa,\" Boyd answered obediently to his large father. He watched as Daniel closed his eyes and said a quick prayer for his son. \"We'll get every last one of 'em,\" Bobby hissed in anger as he grabbed his gun that lay in his holster upon his hip. Daniel looked up to Bobby and smiled darkly as the anger took over his body at the loss of two children to the dreaded Hatfield girl. \"Hatfields be damned,\" Daniel hissed as he watched two of his young nephews pull Jack's body from the floor to be buried in the local cemetery. \"We'll kill 'em all, Pa,\" Boyd whispered to his father as he moved for his brother to be carried out of the rented room above the bar. \"All of 'em.\" Notice, that I've given the two rivals very famous last names. They are in no way related to THE Hatfields and McCoys. So how about that? What do you think will happen? Thoughts? Guesses? I love reviews people :)[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: East Texas Nights Django rode behind the dental carriage. He kept a sharp eye out on their bounty as she rode with her hands tied in front of her. Mad Jack hadn't tried anything funny since the deal had been struck between King and her. Schultz had decided to protect the young outlaw in exchange for cash money for some ungodly reason. He watched as Schultz chuckled at whatever conversation that the two were having. The woman had a sharp silver tongue that also snapped like an overseer's whip on a hot summer day. Though, one thing that he had caught on to fast was that she did not call him a nigger. It was like she deemed him higher up than the common nigger in the fields. It brought an air of confidence to him to have her think of him in that regard, but it only brought to light the reality of the times that he was doomed to live in, the reality that he would never be seen as equal in the eyes of the law to a white. He couldn't shake the feeling that some strange, unseen force was going on between the dentist turned bounty hunter and the pretty outlaw as he watched the two interact. There was no denying it. She was one of the prettiest outlaws that he had ever seen. He had talked with Schultz before they had found Mad Jack. He had asked the dentist if he had ever had a woman. He was saddened when he had found out that there had been a girl once, but she had died before he could take her as his wife. Django couldn't help but think of what could possibly frighten her the woman that lay in wait in the great slave state of Mississippi. He knew that Mississippi frightened her; he watched the fear cross her eyes. The same fear that he had felt when his wife was branded and whipped. She had done something that was worse than any mortal sin that was for damned sure, he knew. What had Jacqueline \"Mad Jack\" Hatfield done that was horrible to cause her to fear a state? A loud chuckle pulled him away from his thoughts and back to reality. A large clearing in the middle of the tall pine forest begged them to stop and rest for the evening. The sun was quickly fading behind the trees, causing bright light to beam through the pointy leaves of the tall pines. \"It will be dark soon,\" Schultz announced loudly so Django could hear him over the squeaking of the wagon wheels as they flattened the fallen pine cones, \"We'll camp here tonight.\" \"Can you at least untie me,\" Jack asked as she brought her loyal horse to a stop. She looked over to Schultz with a tempting smile as she held her hands out to him and added, \"I promise that I won't run away.\" Schultz smiled as he looked down at her extended hands, hands that were as quick as an angered rattler that had just been rudely stepped on and as soft as a newborn's skin. She owned the devil's hand that was for sure. He smiled as he patted those dangerous silky hands and turned away from her. \"Not tonight Miss Hatfield,\" he replied in a soft whisper, his accent was shining through each time he said her name. He caught her smiling softly at the way that he said her name. \"Call me Jack,\" she insisted with a smile as she lowered her hands and turned with a spin of her long dress, \"Last man that called me Miss Hatfield was murdered in cold blood.\" \"Oh a fair lady like you didn't kill a man for calling you-\" \"He died of foolishness,\" she informed him as she looked down to the ground as regret and guilt filled her, \"A young boy, 'bout the age of sixteen,\" she chuckled in nervousness as she recalled the event of long ago, \"Thought he was going to run off with me and be a gambler in Mexico.\" \"What happened to him,\" Django asked. Schultz and Jack turned their heads quickly to look at the inquisitive man who was unhooking Fritz from the wagon. She smiled at him and replied, \"Man by the name of James de Loach came in to get me while I was playing cards. The boy jumped up to protect my honor and James de Loach shot him dead, right through the heart.\" \"You shot him back,\" Django asked. Jack's eyes fell back to the ground and she licked her bottom lip as regret overtook her. She shook her head as she forced herself to look back up at the freed man. \"I was able to sneak out the window and ride out of town,\" she admitted, \"before any other shots were fired. Last I heard the bartender shot James de Loach.\" Schultz watched a hard sadness come over Jack's features. He smacked his hands together to relieve the tension that had filled the East Texas air around them. \"Who's hungry,\" he asked as he turned to face the both of his fellow, weary travelers. \"I'm starving,\" Jack said as a soft smile came across her face as she watched Black Jack graze alongside the other horses as if he belonged beside them, as if he had been accepted into their small herd at first glance. \"Mr. Schultz,\" she whispered as she walked toward him and placed her hand upon his wrist to stop him from walking away from her. She looked over to Django who quickly averted his eyes and pretended to do something beneficial to the group. Schultz watched as she slowly looked back up at him with a look that he had never seen before in her eyes. \"What is it,\" he asked then added with a small smile, \"Jacqueline.\" She smirked at his use of her full name and replied, \"Thank you,\" she stopped and looked around her, \"For protecting me, I mean,\" she shrugged her shoulders, \"Not for capturing me and taking me to my ultimate death in Mississippi though.\" \"You're very welcome,\" he said with a smile as he tipped his hat to her and turned away from her. \"I'd help you,\" she said with a cunning smile, \"But my hands are a little indisposed at the moment, so I'll just sit here.\" \"Oh no,\" Schultz announced with a loud chuckle, \"It's an honor to cook for the lady of the wagon.\" ... Jack smiled as she held the small tin plate in her tied hands. She carefully maneuvered the three pronged fork as she picked at the slightly burned meat upon her plate. She only took a few bites before she looked over to Schultz and then to Django who was staring at her once again with confused eyes. She smiled as she read his features easily. He was trying to figure her out, trying to understand what her motives where, and if she was still a danger to them. She smiled darkly at him, as she silently warned him that she was a danger to everyone that crossed her path. \"What are you lookin' at boy,\" she asked, a stern look crossed her face as she looked over to Django. \"How many people you killed,\" Django asked finally. She chuckled at his question and shrugged her shoulder as she stood quickly with her plate in hand. \"That's a fair question I suppose,\" she said with a dark intent behind her blue eyes as she grabbed the men's empty plates and forks from them. She quickly placed them out of the way of the fire that Schultz had made for them. \"I've killed thirteen people,\" she admitted with a smile, \"But they all in some way tried to hurt me first. Some of them were for revenge,\" she chuckled as she played with the rope that bound her hands together, \"Everyone has their reasons for revenge these days.\" She laid upon the soft ground and smiled as an owl hooted in the distance and roosting birds fluttered their feathers in the tall trees. She propped her head upon her hand and smiled at Schultz. \"I'm not really the bad guy,\" she whispered, \"It's just the only way I can ensure my survival.\" \"You could have just gotten married like any other woman in the South,\" Schultz asked as he watched the fire's shadows dance across her creamy face and dark eyes, giving her the look of a woman that Lucifer himself had sent to tempt mortal man into a life of sin. Jack chuckled as she looked over to him and shook her head. \"Do I look like the settling wife,\" she asked with a smile. Schultz shrugged his shoulders at her question. \"I was to be married once,\" she admitted as her smile quickly faded away, \"To a rich man with a big house.\" \"What happened,\" Django heard himself ask as he found himself, along with Schultz, caught up in her story. \"I ran away,\" she said, \"I couldn't bare to be stuck in servitude, to be used as a mattress, and to only be seen as a hole for children to pop out of,\" she looked at Schultz with harsh eyes, \"I may seem like some cheap floozy but believe me, I am far from it. I do believe in that little myth of love.\" A long silence filled the small camp as the cool East Texas wind blew across them, causing their clothes to billow slightly in the wind. Jack shivered as she lay upon the cool ground. \"Here,\" Schultz announced as he stood and pulled his long gray jacket off. Jack watched with sparkling eyes as the bounty hunter walked carefully toward her and laid the jacket gently over her as she lay still upon the ground. \"Wouldn't want our asset to freeze to death,\" he announced as he moved away from her as she placed herself in a comfortable position upon the ground. \"I'll try my best to stay alive as long as I can,\" she said with a smile as she watched him take his seat beside Django who was looking into the dancing fires. \"You ever have a girl Mr. Schultz,\" Jack asked with a twinkle in her eyes. Django looked up from the flames and looked over to Schultz quickly as he awaited the answer that his friend had prepared. \"I did once,\" Schultz said as he looked into the woman's eyes from across the fire, \"She died. And call me King.\" \"I'm sorry,\" Jack said, her tone was meaningful as her gaze connected with his, \"She must have been one lucky lady.\" \"Well,\" Schultz said with a modest smile and a shrug of his shoulders, \"It was more of an arranged marriage sort of deal back home.\" \"And where is that?\" \"Germany,\" he answered with a proud smile as he thought of his home country and the beautiful scenery. She smiled at him and replied, \"I've heard it's beautiful...and cold,\" she chuckled, \"I'm not much one for cold weather.\" Schultz laughed a hearty laugh at the words that escaped the woman's red lips. Django couldn't help but look at King Schultz with a strange confused look in his eyes. He had never seen Schultz laugh at something that wasn't even that funny. He felt as if he were intruding on some strange unheard communication between the two that seemed to rival that of the Underground Railroad. It seemed as if a strange fire had been lit between the two at their first meeting. He had wished that he had been able to go in to that bath house just to know what had been said between the two that had caused such a connection between the two. Django smiled as the realization had dawned on him. There was an intense attraction between the two. He now understood why Schultz made the deal to keep the outlaw alive, it wasn't because of the money, it was because Schultz did not want the woman to be harmed in any way, in the same way he had tried to protect Broomhilda from the overseers. He smiled at the symbolism. The Jack and The King together. It would make one hell of a story that he could tell his children's children. \"Well I'm mighty tired,\" Jack announced with a short yawn that she covered politely with her petite hands. Django looked up from his thoughts to see that Schultz had agreed with her and made his way toward the back of the wagon. He watched as Schultz stopped quickly and turned back to look at the back of the woman on the ground. \"I feel very,\" Schultz paused, \"guilty about letting a woman sleep on the ground. If you want, you can sleep in the wagon.\" Jack smiled as she pushed herself from the ground to look back at the bounty hunter. She shook her head and politely declined his kind offer and laid back down to the ground. \"Besides the ground is softer than those boards within that wagon,\" she announced as she closed her eyes and allowed sleep to come over her as the fire cackled in front of her. ... The fire had died down to only a smolder as the sound of Black Jack's tugging from the tree that he was tied to awoke Jack from her slumber. Jack pushed herself from the ground and looked around her quickly as the sounds of the crickets, locusts, and frogs sing in the trees surrounding the small camp. Django slept under the wagon and Schultz was lightly snoring inside of his wagon. Jack smiled as she looked down at her hands to see a small shiny object reflecting in the moon light. They had severely overlooked her intelligence as she quickly shoved the silver object back under her long sleeves. Schultz's jacket fell from her shoulders as she slowly and silently stood from the ground. Black Jack whinnied and pulled against the tree as if a threatening animal was hiding in wait inside the dark bushes that surrounded him. Jack hurriedly moved passed the wagon where the two men slept. She stopped momentarily as she heard Django move under the wagon in his sleep. As he finally found a comfortable position in his sleep, she continued toward her horse and placed her hands against his long forehead. She looked into his dark eyes and smiled at him. \"Shhh,\" she whispered to the large animal, \"You'll wake the dead Jack.\" Black Jack pawed at the ground and snorted as she looked into the darkness that surrounded them. \"There's nothin' out there Jack,\" she reassured the skittish animal. He had never acted in such a way before and she felt like something was very, very wrong. She lowered her gaze but perked her ears in an effort to hear passed the critter's various calls and to hear if a predator was lurking nearby. She hummed softly to calm her animal down. \"I know these hills,\" she sang softly to Black Jack as she patted his toned neck, \"Stone in the earth, rain in the sky, blood on the blade, hear the angels cry. Remember my name, the look in my eyes, oh I, oh I,\" she stopped as the sound of a stick cracked from close by, \"I know these hills.\" She continued to hum as she looked passed the bushes and trees that surrounded them. Black Jack pawed at the ground aggressively as she turned to look back at the wagon. Her blood ran cold as she felt a hard touch against her back. She closed her eyes as she realized that she was at the firing end of a gun. \"Walk forward Mad Jack,\" a hushed voice of a man that she did not recognize demanded and pushed her forward, \"And no funny business, don't think I won't shoot you dead.\" She nodded as she did as the unknown, unseen man demanded. She walked quickly, but silently, away from the camp site, but not without leaving an untied Black Jack and a newly awoken Django behind her…[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Little Trouble Maker Jack looked up from her place by the burning fire in the new campsite. She smiled brightly as she looked over to the sleeping man beside her. She'd be able to take them easily if the sleeping man were to stay asleep during the encounter. \"You gotta pretty bounty on your head sugar,\" the large burly man that had caught her at gunpoint in the dark had said. She looked up to him and smiled as she took in his sullied appearance. She could smell the foul stench of tobacco radiated from him as he smiled an offensive yellow smile as he took in her own clean appearance. A deputy's star upon his black vest sparkled in the light of the fire. \"Tell me, Mad Jack,\" he sneered at her given nickname, \"Give me one good reason I shouldn't shoot you dead right now?\" Jack sneered at his question and then allowed a soft chuckle to escape her as she took in his serious demeanor. He glared at her in an intensity that only the dead shared with him. \"Besides the fact that you're wearing' a star,\" she let her Southern accent saturate her words as she looked into his green eyes, \"you can't allow yourself to unsee the line on that flyer of who is offerin' that mighty big bounty on me. You want to get in good. Maybe get all the nigger whores you can instead of money. No self respectin' white Southern gal would come near-\" A sudden, hard hit came from the side of her. She stumbled sideways momentarily as an immense pain shot from the side of her lips down her neck from the butt of the long rifle that the muscle bound man had hit her with. \"You mind your 'od damned tongue,\" the man demanded harshly as he watched blood trickle from the corner of her perky lips and down her thin neck only to stop just above her perky bosom, \"You treat Shiloh Dixon with some 'od damned respect.\" She chuckled as she licked the blood from the side of her lips and looked at the still sleeping man in the corner. She smiled at the luck that she had. Everything would fall into place once the deputy had fallen asleep. She giggled softly to herself as she pushed herself from the ground and stared darkly into Shiloh Dixon's green eyes. \"Well Deputy Dixon,\" she said with a wicked grin, \"You have me, I'm not goin' anywhere. But what you going to do about that German fellow and his slave that are sleeping right across the way over there?\" \"Oh we'll be gone before they awake,\" Shiloh informed her quickly, \"I'm gonna make sure that I get you back up to Mississippi personally.\" She smiled at him with dark blue eyes and whispered, \"I wouldn't have it anyway else Deputy Dixon. She looked at the soft ground beside the dire and smiled as she added, \"Do I have your permission to sleep until you decide what time to conveniently wake me?\" Shiloh smiled at Mad Jack and nodded as he said, \"Don't try nothin' stupid, I ain't got no qualms with hittin' a woman and messin' up that pretty lil face of yours.\" \"No worries from me,\" Jack said with a soft smile as she laid on the cool ground and watched the tree line. She could hear soft crackles inside the darkness and smiled wickedly as she watched the man trying to find a comfortable position. She watched as he placed his hat on his chest and closed his eyes. Jack looked over to the tree line and smiled as she placed her index finger against her bloodied lips to keep the hidden figure hiding within the tree line quiet. She looked over to the deep sleeper and smiled as she waited for Shiloh Dixon to fall asleep. Seconds turned into minutes, and minutes turned into an hour. Shiloh had finally fallen into a deep sleep and light snores were filling the East Texas pine forest. Jack smiled as she pushed herself slowly from her place beside the crackling fire. She looked down at her tied hands and smiled as her wicked plan started to unfurl with each soft step she made toward the sleeping deputy. The bloody deed would soon come to a quick end just as quickly as it had started. Django watched with curiosity as Mad Jack threw herself on top of the man in a quick yet silent flash. He watched as her hands rose above her head and slammed down into the man with the star's neck. Blood flew with each blow that she landed in his throat. The light of the fire reflected something silver moving up and down from the man's throat. Jack held on to the three pronged fork tightly as she jerked it out of the bone out of man's neck. Blood flowed quickly out of Shiloh's neck as she continued to slam the three sharp metal prongs into his large artery. Anger moved through her as she recalled the pain that had jolted through her body when he had hit her across the face with the long rifle. \"You son of a bitch,\" she hissed as she pulled herself away from his throat, leaving the silver fork stuck inside his slit throat. It glittered in the firelight as thick blood fell stained the polished silver fork. \"What the 'od damned hell,\" the voice of the man from behind her screamed as he took in the scene of his dead friend. He quickly jumped to his feet and aimed his pistol at the back of Jack's head. Jack turned quickly to see the man glaring down at her with dark brown eyes. She shrugged her shoulders as she watched him pull the pin back on his rifle, readying himself to shoot her dead. A shot echoed through the pine forest. Birds flew from the trees in an attempt to escape the unseen predator that had awoken their sleep. Jack watched as blood burst out of the man's chest and landed onto her porcelain white skin, his blood mixing in with her own blood. She watched with a smile as the man fell backwards and into the fire. \"Well that takes care of the burial cost,\" she whispered with a smile as she turned quickly to see Django standing behind her holding his gun up. Smoke rose from the fired gun from the bullet that had saved her life. \"It's about time you showed up,\" she informed him harshly as she looked up at him; a groan from Deputy Dixon filled the silence that came between the two. Django placed his gun back in its holster on his hip and walked toward the woman. He took in the amount of blood that covered her face; he could see the deep cut of her lip from the forceful hit that she had received only an hour ago. \"Let's get you cleaned up,\" Django said as he helped her from the ground. Jack pulled away from him quickly as he tried to place his dark hands upon her bloodied hands, \"Don't touch me!\" He glared down at her tied hands as he pulled out a long Bowie knife from his side pocket. He watched as slight fear filled her eyes as he moved close to her with the long, sharp knife. \"You going to kill me now,\" she asked harshly as she glared down at the sparkling blade. \"No,\" Django admitted in a nonchalant tone as he cut the ropes that bound her hands together, \"You just as dangerous with your hands tied.\" She smiled at him as the blood soaked ropes fell to the ground. She looked at the small camp and then back to Django. \"They may have some extra supplies,\" she said with a wicked smile, \"Look through it and bring it back to us.\" Django was about to argue with her demand and remind her that he was no longer a slave, but she had already walked passed him back toward the dental carriage where Schultz had been awoken by the sound of the gunshot that had rippled through the woods. Jack looked down at her bloodied wrists and messaged them lightly where the rope had been bound to her skin. She smiled at her new found freedom, but felt somewhat unnerved by the fact that Django had saved her. She had wanted to tell him how thankful she was for his intrusion, but the words were unable to be formed; she had found it easier to give him a demand than to tell him thank you. \"What happened,\" she heard the German accented voice of King Schultz announce from in front of her. She looked up quickly at him with a soft smile tugging at the corner of her busted lip. She watched as a look of concern came across his face and she felt her own heart dare to skip a beat without her permission. \"What happened to your face,\" Schultz asked as he held his hands out to her, a silent order for her to come to him immediately. She followed his silent order and walked toward him, placing her cold, bloodied hands into his warm, well-worn hands. She smiled as he pulled her toward the wagon where he had lit a lantern. \"I was kidnapped,\" she explained as he sat her down on the hard wood of the wagon and examined her bloodied face. \"Oh you didn't try to run away,\" he asked in slight disbelief as he dabbed a fresh handkerchief with whiskey. His dark eyes glittered in the light of the lantern as he took in the sharp features of the woman in front of him. \"We had a deal,\" she reminded him as he dabbed the whiskey soaked cloth softly against the cut on her lip, \"Oww!\" \"Oh so sorry,\" he stated softly, \"I forgot to say it would sting.\" She rolled her eyes as she looked into his sparkling eyes. \"Django shot the other one,\" she said as she watched Black Jack settle back into his spot beside the other horses, \"Sorry about the fork, it's lodged into Deputy Dixon's windpipe.\" Schultz tisked her as he wiped the blood to reveal the soft magnolia white flesh that lived comfortably underneath it. He moved her neck to the side as he removed the remaining blood from her neck. He stopped as he looked down at the remaining blood on her chest; he wasn't sure if he should continue on or allow her to clean what was left of her. \"Here,\" he whispered as he handed her the cloth, \"to clean the rest of you.\" Jack gave him a thankful smile, for she had been wondering the same thing. Though a deeper part of her wanted him to continue, but her more rational side had wanted him to be a perfect European gentleman. She took the rag from him and cleaned the blood off of her chest and then removed the caked on blood from her long fingers. \"You are such the little trouble maker, aren't you,\" he said teasingly with a smile as Django emerged from the darkness of the pine tree line carrying a large bag of provisions and a new bottle of whiskey for the cold nights that they would soon be facing. \"Hey lil trouble maker,\" Django announced as he looked at the newly cleaned outlaw that sat beside Schultz. He could see the twinkle in both their eyes as they forced themselves to pull away from each other's gaze to look at him. \"Well,\" Schultz announced as he clapped his hands together, \"I think it's time we all got back to sleep if we want to get to Nacogdoches before nightfall.\" Jack smiled as Schultz looked back at her and said, \"The little troublemaker will sleep in the wagon for the rest of the night.\" She smiled at the new nickname that she had acquired. It was so much better than Mad Jack. She could get used to how the nickname rolled off of King's German tongue. She felt a slight giddiness come over her at the thought of that European tongue, but she quickly dismissed it as she pushed herself back into the wagon and laid down to wait for sleep to overcome her once again. And there is 5. I would really, really, really love some reviews. There are stories in this section with over 100 reviews. I've never gotten that many! It's like my dream to have that many for one story. And plus your reviews honestly help me flesh out this story. There is a gem in each review that I read. So please, please review. Please? :) So is there going to be a relationship between Schultz & Jack? Will Jack ever thank Django? Did you like the \"lil trouble maker\" line? I thought it was cute.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: The Promise A/N: This is more of a filler chapter tis why it's very short, but I hope you like it! :) A sharp pain bolted through Jack's body as she was jerked from a dreamless, uncomfortable deep sleep. Her hand instantly went to her temple as agony rushed through her as if she had drank way too much watered down liquor from the local whore house while cleaning up the house in cards. Memories from the night entered her cluttered mind as she pushed herself from her makeshift bed inside the wooden dental carriage. The lull of the wheels beating against the well-worn path signaled to her that she had been left asleep as they readied themselves to leave the piney woods where they had slept soundly through the rest of the night. Jack moved quickly toward the closed doors and pushed gently against it as she heard the voice of Schultz talking to Django of his home in Germany. She ignored his rhythmic, cultured voice as she pushed against the wooden planks. Her heart beat like the thumping of a herd of wild horses across the grassy plains as slight fear and complete anger bubbled with a fiery intensity inside of her at the thought of being locked up in the small wagon. \"You son of a bitch,\" she screamed in anger as she made her way back to the front of the wagon. She peeked through the small holes in the wood to see Schultz back. She groaned in anger, her breath making an almost animalistic hissing noise as she looked up at him. She felt her emotions became almost erratic as she glared into the back of his head. \"You son of a bitch,\" she hissed as she banged on the wooden planks. Jack smiled as she watched him jerk slightly as giggles escaped him, \"Unlock this god damned wagon now!\" Schultz giggled at the outlaw's harsh demand. He turned slightly to look down at her to see her bright blue eyes glaring up from a hole in the wooden planks. Sweat from the dry East Texas humidity formed across her pale forehead and dampened her hair as she looked at him with angered eyes. \"Such language Fraulein,\" he announced as a singsong voice, a chuckle escaped his jovial tone as he listened to her teeth grit together in anger, \"No worries, my dear, Black Jack is here with us as happy as a pony should be.\" \"You let me out of here,\" she demanded harshly as she banged her hand against the wooden planks. She was quickly losing her temper with this German man and not many men survived her anger, \"I don't want to kill you but I will,\" she stopped and looked around her as she tried to develop a plan on freeing herself from the humid confines of inside the wagon, \"I have a gun.\" He chuckled at her once again and said, \"And Django and I both know that's not true.\" She groaned and pushed herself closer to the boards. Her nose was touching against the hot planks as she glared at him. Her heart beat erratically as she glared at the man that had finally captured her. \"You tricked me,\" she whispered, murderous intentions dripped from her hissing whispers as she thought of how he offered her his place inside the wagon after her stressful abduction in the middle of the night while everyone else slept soundlessly. \"I did nothing of the sort,\" he paused as Fritz swatted a horse fly from his rump and kicked slightly, \"Jack. You looked so peaceful sleeping that we-\" \"Then stop and let me out,\" she demanded, this time with a softer, more pleading voice, \"Please, I don't want to die in here. If the McCoys were to stumble upon you, they wouldn't think twice about lighting me up.\" He smiled as he looked down at her blue eyes that looked up at him. He could see the hidden danger that she tried so desperately to hide within those dark blue orbs of hers. Those eyes of hers had been the death of many a man, he had known. Jacqueline Hatfield wasn't one to be trusted easily. \"Well I'd love to Jack,\" he said with a smile as the wagon jerked back and forth over the rocky road, \"But you see our necks,\" he motioned to Django who was riding beside him, \"mine and Django's both, we quite like them…and well,\" he chuckled, \"it's safer for our necks if you are in there for the time being.\" \"You don't trust me,\" she asked, her voice feigning sadness as she looked up at him. Schultz looked down at her and gave her a soft smile as he shrugged his shoulders and said simply with his accented voice, \"Not at this particular moment in time, no.\" She groaned once again at her situation. Being locked away with a gang of wild men coming after you, a group of wild men that wanted her dead in the most bloodiest of ways, was not her ideal situation. Trembles of anger ran through her body as she wiped sweat from her brow. \"Dr. Schultz,\" she begged as she looked up at the back of his head, \"King, please, let me out.\" He smiled and looked over to Django. He could hear her breathing hard from the anger that radiated inside of her pale body. Her anger was almost tangible in the East Texas air as her sharp gaze stabbed repeatedly into his back. If looks could kill, he would have been bludgeoned to death by her stare. \"I'd afraid not.\" He chuckled as she pounded on the wood planks as if she were a young spoiled child that had not received her chosen toy at Christmas time. \"I AM NOT CHATTEL,\" she screamed at him as she pounded her flat palm against the wooden boards. She felt hot tears of rage forming in her eyes as she glared at the man that was now chuckling like a mad hatter at her misfortune. \"I'm not some cheap whore,\" she hissed in anger, for she truly felt as if she were being treated as chattel, \"and nor am I some cheap nigger that can be sold back to Mississippi!\" \"Oh my dear,\" he said as he listened to her angered words fade away like dust in the wind, \"Don't take it as an insult.\" Jack did not say anything as she sighed softly and lowered her eyes to her dirtied velvet riding boots. Her hands moved her fallen hair from her eyes as she willed her anger away. She closed her eyes as she allowed the worry and the stress fall over her shoulders like the world had been placed upon her shoulders to carry for the rest of her numbered days. Schultz turned softly at her lack of a response. He smiled as he saw strands of her dark hair fluttering in the soft wind that blew across the seat. Her abrupt silence had taken him by surprise for he had believed that she was one that would always have the last word in any conversational setting. This silence was different though. \"Fraulein,\" he said as he tried to pull her out of this uncharacteristic silence. He quickly looked over to Django who was looking straightforward to see the small town that they were soon to be entering. Schultz knew that there was nothing Django could offer on this girl, because this girl was like no other girl that they had ever met. She had the cunning of a lethal cat, the murderous courage of the devil, the mind of a well taught scholar based upon her quick tongue, eyes that could quite possibly put the sea to shame, and the ability to always be one step ahead of her pursuers. Mad Jack Hatfield was an enigma within an enigma to him and a certain part of him desperately wanted to unravel the mystery of this woman. \"Don't let them kill me, King,\" he heard her whisper with a since of great sadness that jerked at his heart. Her voice was so soft that it sounded as if she had no intention of wanting him to overhear her worried words. He could hear the exhaustion in her voice, the exhaustion from running for so long, the exhaustion of trying so hard. \"You have my word Jacqueline,\" he promised in a soft whisper, \"I promise you on my life that I will not let you be killed or in any way maimed on this little adventure of ours.\" So just a little Schultz/Jack moment there. You like? Reviews are loved and cherished until death do us part! :)[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: Nacogdoches Outside Nacogdoches Django opened the back door of the dental carriage with a large smile on his face as he looked down at the angered woman that they had left locked inside. He knew that if looks could kill, he would be six feet under already. Her eyes stabbed daggers, or rather forks, into his throat as he held his calloused hands toward her to help her out of the wagon. \"Don't touch me,\" Jack hissed bitterly as she slowly pushed herself out of the cell that she had been confined to for most of the day. Sweat beaded down her paler than usual skin, she slowly stood up to look for Schultz to give him a proper tongue lashing, but an intense dizziness came over her body as she tried to move. \"Whoa now,\" Django announced as he watched the outlaw's wobbly legs attempt to buckle from under her. He watched as she quickly leaned against the wooden planks of the wagon. He slowly extended his arm out and touched her upper back as she took in deep breaths. \"What's wrong,\" Django asked as he looked up to King Schultz who was now pulling himself from the front of the wagon to check on the frail outlaw. He jumped quickly from his place and hurried to the girl who kept her eyes closed. A look of intense pain came over sharp features as she allowed herself to fall to the dusty ground. Schultz hurried to her side and placed his hand under her chin. He slowly pulled her chin up and forced her eyes to look up at him. He felt guilt tug at him as her weak dark blue eyes looked up at him. He knew exactly what was wrong with her. \"Water now,\" he demanded quickly of Django, \"She's dehydrated.\" \"Where are we,\" she asked as she looked into his worried eyes. \"Na-COG-doches,\" he answered, his accent thick, as he let his thumb lightly move over her jawline absentmindedly. Jack smiled faintly and leaned into his soft touch. She allowed a whispered chuckle to escape her at his slight ignorance. \"It sounds like Nac-AH-doches,\" she informed him with a smile as Django hurried back with a full canteen in hopes of rehydrating the weak and dehydrated woman. He had seen some field slaves fall victim to dehydration and the result was them being whipped repeatedly until the dropped dead where they stood. He looked over to Schultz who was quickly unhinging the top of the canteen and placing it against the woman's lips, which just hours ago had been rosy but where now chapped from the Texas heat that had beat down on the wagon. No doubt that the wagon was more like an oven. \"I am so sorry Fraulein,\" Schultz whispered with all honesty in his tone as he watched small drops of water race down her chin, down her long neck, and disappearing before their eyes down the top of her blouse. She smiled at him as she looked at him. Her weak eyes searched his worried face and felt her heart flutter slightly against her will. She knew then that his previous promise would be kept. She knew then that he truly cared about him as much as he cared about Django, who she still owed her life to. She owed both men her life. She owed them everything. \"Thank you,\" she whispered as she licked her chapped lips. She smiled as Black Jack jerked from his tied position and made his way toward her. Schultz and Django watched as the loyal horse made his way toward her and stomped at the ground in front of her as demanding that she stand up from the dirty ground. They watched as Jack pulled herself from the ground with wobbling legs and made her way toward her animal. A dark smile came over Jack's smile as she hid herself from the two men behind the loyal Black Jack. A dark thought came across her mind as she looked at her saddle and slowly slid her slender hand into a hidden pocket inside the many folds of her dirt covered dress. Her long fingers caressed the cold metal of the weapon that was hidden there. \"I don't think that,\" Schultz announced as he held his hand out in an attempt to stop her from getting atop the beast, \"…that in your condition that you should be riding-\" \"Sorry boys,\" she announced in a sing song voice as a large smile painted her face like a devil summoned out of Hell to run amok on the world above, \"But I couldn't just allow myself to go into a town without a gun.\" Django quickly made a move for his own gun on his hip as he stared at the 1855 Root Revolver that she held steady in her pale hands. He hadn't even seen her moving for it. She was one of the quickest that he had ever seen with a gun. \"Ah ah ah,\" she announced as she clicked her tongue against the rood of her mouth. Her hands were straight as she glared at the two men. Her eyes were no longer weary from the supposed dehydration from before as she looked at them with a victorious gleam in her eyes. \"Now,\" she announced as she moved in front of her horse to stand in front of the two men, \"I have no intentions of killin' either of you,\" she laughed as she moved the gun between the two, \"nor do I plan on running away from you two fine gentleman; you do take such great care of me,\" she smiled as she looked at Schultz and shrugged happily, \"but we got ourselves a lil problem.\" \"And what is that,\" Schultz asked as he looked from the dark pistol up her steady arms and up to her intense dark blue eyes. \"You have my favorite gun,\" she informed him with a smile, \"And I like that gun. I also have no intention of going into a town to gamble and drink while you two do whatever it is you do without it.\" Schultz looked over to Django and smiled at him as he said, \"Ya know she's pretty good with that.\" \"She fast,\" Django concluded as he looked at Schultz. \"I want my gun,\" she demanded harshly, \"Now.\" \"Okay, okay,\" Schultz said with a smile as he moved his gray jacket to the side to grab the pistol that he had worn against his hip, \"It is a lovely gun.\" She smiled as she watched him extend her sparkling pistol toward her. She quickly grabbed it and smiled as she opened the chamber to see that her bullets was still in their beds sleeping like young children exhausted from a long day's work in the field. \"Thank you boys,\" she announced with a smile as she lowered the pistol away from the two men, \"I'm glad we have peacefully come to this agreement.\" Schultz smiled as he watched the tenacious woman pocket her beautiful polished pistol into her pocket and masterfully pull herself onto her saddle without even showing her underskirts. \"Now Django,\" she announced happily, \"You can have this gun…as a token of our newfound agreement.\" Django looked up at Jack in confusion as he watched her hold the revolver out to him. He walked slowly toward her; worry filled him as he moved to take the deadly weapon from her. \"There we go,\" she announced with a condescending smile as she looked down on him, \"That's a good boy. You take care of that gun ya hear?\" \"I hear,\" he answered with bitter sarcasm as he placed the gun on his holster. He watched as she lightly kicked Black Jack in the flanks to move him forward. \"Come on boys,\" she announced in yet another sing song voice, \"Nacogdoches is waiting for us. And I am about to go crazy if I don't take money from shit card players soon.\" Schultz smiled as he watched the woman slowly move ahead of them. She had one upped them with her great acting skills and he had foolishly trusted her, something that he had told himself not to do. \"How come you just let her have that gun,\" Django asked. \"Why not,\" Schultz asked as he made his way to his place on the wagon. Django shook his head as he moved to get upon his horse and follow the two white folks that he was damned to be with. Though, he was enjoying watching Schultz and Mad Jack play on each other. ... Nacogdoches Looks of distrust came from all over the small town of Nacogdoches as the small group made their way toward the local saloon. Jack rode ahead of them and smiled as she spied a bar where there would most certainly be a card game going on. Cards had always been her game. Men did not expect a woman that looked like her to have the knowledge to play a damned good hand. They saw her as an easy target, that was until they found themselves losing their well-earned money to her. Schultz made his way behind her and watched as she pulled herself off of her horse and tied him around a hitching post in front of a small hotel. \"We'll stay here for the night,\" she said with a smile as she pointed to the small store across the street, \"I need a new dress. Would you like to help me pick one out King?\" She smiled sweetly, sweeter than she had ever smiled in her adulthood. She waited patiently as he tied Fritz to the hitching post beside Black Jack and made his way up to her with a slight skip in his step. \"WHAT'S THAT NIGGER DOIN' UP ON THAT HORSE,\" a burly, lice infected drunkard announced as he wobbled out of the bar and into the street. Django ignored the man as he pulled himself off the horse and tied him beside Black Jack. \"Niggers don't tie their nags in front of a white establishment,\" the man slurred as he glared at Django. Jack smiled as she watched Django try to ignore the man as he continued tending to his horse. She turned to Schultz who was glaring at the drunkard who was throwing insults at Django simply based on the color of his skin. \"Come Dr. King,\" she announced happily as she laced her hand within the crook of his elbow, \"let's go shopping.\" She pulled him away though he tried to remain firm in his place. She could see him playing with the idea of killing the drunkard in the street which brought a wide smile to her face as they crossed the dirt street toward the small shop. \"Django's a free man,\" Jack whispered with a smile, \"He can take care of himself. Why would he want a white man to take care of his battles for him when he's a free man?\" She watched as Schultz kept his watchful eye on Django. \"YOU DEAF BOY?!\" She watched as he quickly moved to use his pistol hidden within the confines of his shirt sleeve. She grabbed his wrist and jerked it away from Django. \"Let me remind you,\" she hissed in his ear, she was so close to him that she could smell the faint hint of tobacco upon his skin, \"that he is not a wanted man. Your jurisdiction is invalid here. Might as well drop all morals to the ground, King.\" Schultz turned to look at her. He could smell the fading scent of her jasmine perfume upon her pale neck as he looked into her hard blues eyes. He knew that she spoke the truth. The United States was something way more unnerving than Germany. Never had he seen such acts of human cruelty as he had seen in the South. He looked at her harden eyes and understood everything that she was. She was the reality of the world around him. He had seen how she treated Django with some sense of dignity that she was not some uppity plantation owner, but the way that she had deemed herself better than a common slave was the reality that he was living in. She was reality with its breathtaking beauty and its dark, deplorable sins. She was more than just a woman or an outlaw to him now. She was something that meant more than that. She was real. ... It did not take long for Jack to find a dress that was to her liking. She had grand, expensive taste in clothes and what she was wearing reflected that trait. She smiled as she looked down at Schultz who had been sitting patiently in the chair for minutes just waiting for her to come out of the dressing room to present what dress she had chosen. \"What do you think,\" she asked with a smile as she turned daintily and raised her arms up slightly. She smiled as she watched Schultz's eyes grow big as he took in the beauty of how her now fallen hair fell over her white blouse, which gave her the appearance of the fairy tale figure Snow White. Her long skirt was a simple black but had intricate cuts to make the piece quite unique. A sparkling silver necklace fell between the ruffled collar of the blouse and hung tantalizingly close to her cleavage. \"Oh Fraulein,\" he said with a smile as he looked at her as a sense of pride came over him, \"This can't just be for me.\" Jack chuckled at his words and spun around childlike, allowing her skirts to billow around her. \"Of course not Dr. King,\" she announced happily, \"It gives me a more dangerous appearance. For what man would suspect that a woman dressed so daintily is wanted dead or alive?\" He smiled as she reached out to him and grabbed both his hands like a child wishing to be spun by her father. He did as she wished and allowed her to wrap her pale hands around his own. \"I can get back the money I spent on this for you,\" she said happily, \"I can win it back for-\" \"HEY NIGGER! YOU DON'T BE EYE BALLIN' ME BOY!\" Schultz watched as Jack rolled her eyes in anger and turned away from him. He watched as she lifted her new skirts from the dusty floor and walked onto the wooden porch. He quickly followed her outside to see that she was already walking toward the bar like she hadn't a care for the atrocious words that the drunkard was slurring at Django who was silently taking the abuse. A shot rang out through the small East Texas town and men and women hurried out of the line of fire in fear that a shootout was about to unfold. Schultz watched as the vile drunkard fell onto his back in the urine and feces soaked dirt with a bullet wound in the middle of his forehead. A woman screamed at the sight and unloaded the contents of her stomach beside Schultz who was hurrying to Django and Jack's side. \"Who did that,\" Jack asked happily as she looked around the town, her hands free of a gun. The smoking gun now lay safely inside the pockets of her new dress. She had shot so fast that no one had even seen her pulling and shooting the gun. No one had seen her. She turned to Django and glared at him harshly. She could see the pain in his eyes that he tried so desperately to hide. \"You listen to me,\" she said sternly as she placed her hands upon his shoulders as if she were his mother readying to lecture him, \"They're just words. Words cannot hurt you.\" She watched as the sheriff hurried toward them to investigate, but someone had already intercepted him. Someone that she knew very well, someone that she owed a lot to. She looked back at Django and smiled proudly at him. \"It's like that little poem,\" she said with a happy smile. \"What's a poem?\" She chuckled at his ignorance, a harsh reminder of just where he had come from and what necessities he had lacked. \"It's a rhyme of sorts,\" she answered, \"Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words can never hurt me.\" \"You killed that man,\" Django asked in confusion as he looked to the dead man in the street and then back to her, \"For me? 'Cause what he said?\" \"No,\" she answered with a Southern drawl, \"Now don't be gettin' any ideas that I did this for you. He was gettin' on my nerves. Nothin' more.\" And there is 7! Also I looked up the famous poem, I found a place where it said the first place it showed up was in 1862, but it hinted to the saying being used before...so I'm thinking that it was around this time frame that we are in. So do you like how Jack is slowly starting to warm up to Django? I thought it was rather symbolic of her. What about her and Schultz? Who's the mystery person that stopped the sheriff? Where are the McCoys? What is to happen if they find her?! Review! Tell me everything that you think :)[Chapter 8] Chapter 8: Dependence A/N: Sorry if the pacing is kind of slow. I just want to make sure that you are understanding the characters. I was going to make this longer but I decided to split it up. Also I suck at Spanish so I just went to a translation web site. So forgive me if they are wrong. Jack smiled as she looked over to the Indian man speaking with the sheriff in order to explain what he had seen. True that normally an Indian's word was never taken seriously, but this Indian man's word was taken for truth when he spoke. She smiled as she placed her hand upon Schultz's elbow and pulled him happily beside her as if they were a courting couple. \"King,\" she whispered with a bright smile as they walked toward the Indian in dark colored clothes, rather dapper for his given race, \"I want to introduce you to an old friend.\" The sheriff moved away from the Indian, pleased with whatever lie he had just been given. He smiled brightly at the handsome couple that he walked past. He smiled at Jack and she politely returned his smile with a soft, innocent smile of her own. \"Evenin',\" he announced with a distinctive East Texas accent as he continued on his trek before barking orders at the locals to rid the streets of the dead drunkard. Jack looked over to Schultz and smiled as they stopped in front of the Indian that had protected them from the wrath of an East Texas sheriff that believed himself to be wholly good no matter what person's life he destroyed. \"Hola Bali,\" she announced happily with a learned Spanish accent as she looked into the familiar sharp facial features of the Indian that she had known so well. She slowly unhooked her arm out of Schultz's own warm arm and threw her arms around the man, embracing him with a familial love that Schultz remembered from is times growing up in a rather small house in Germany. \"¿Qué te trae aquí,\" Bali asked with a large smile upon his handsome features as his brown eyes took in the woman in front of him. ' What brings you here ,' Schultz smiled. He had learned from many experiences with the natives further west that they had taken up speaking Spanish when talking to the white man. He smiled as he looked over to the smiling woman that seemed to be oblivious to the idea that he understood every word that escaped her perky lips. Schultz smiled as he looked at the very tall, well-toned Cherokee. He seemed to resemble the stereotypical illustrations of the \"savages\" though he held no feathers within his straight long black hair that stopped just above his shoulders. The Cherokee's face was chiseled and his eyes held an understanding of the earth that no white man in these parts truly understood. Schulz quickly turned to Jack and smiled meekly as he looked into her blue eyes and quickly found that same understanding, now hitting him in the face instead of hiding away. \"Mis nuevos amigos,\" she said as she motioned to Schultz by her side and to Django still by the horses, \"me están escoltando a Mississippi, sobre todo contra mi voluntad.\" ' My new friends are escorting me to Mississippi, mostly against my will.' Schultz knew that his performance of ignorance was working as he watched Jack speak naturally and unafraid manner with her seeming to be longtime friend. He contented in watching her features as she spoke the wild language as if she were a naturally born Spanish speaker . He soon felt a tug at his heart at the lack of German speaking people's in his life that he could enjoy simple conversations with as it seemed this Cherokee Indian and Jack were enjoying. \"Ah. Escuchamos sobre su hermana pobre,\" Bali said with a sad tone in his voice as he grabbed Jack's hand and caressed it softly in a sympathizing manner. ' Ah. We heard about your poor sister ,' Schultz watched as Jack nodded her head at the man's words, but instinctively removed his hand from her own in a manner that reminded him that she was indeed reality and that no matter what she would not allow society to see her as cavorting with what they deemed savage creatures. \"Ella está en el cielo ahora y el hombre que hizo que a ella está en el infierno donde pertenece,\" she stated as she shrugged her shoulders simply and then turned to Schultz, giving him a soft smile. ' She's in Heaven now and the man that did that to her is in Hell where he belongs.' He watched as Bali looked him over carefully, taking in Jack's close standings with him as if they were on more than personal relations. Bali smiled and pointed to Schultz and asked, \"¿Quién es este diablo barbudo que está contigo? Sus ojos parecen haber visto en ninguna ropa en absoluto.\" ' Who is this bearded devil that is with you? His eyes seem to have seen you in no clothes at all.' Schultz tried desperately to hide his amusement at such a statement and his anxiousness to hear Jack's response. He had indeed seen her without her clothes on, well most of them, but it still counted in his mind. It wasn't an everyday experience in his life to see a beautiful woman naked in his presence. \"Ah, mi captor guapo, el Dr. King Schultz de Alemania,\" Jack smiled brightly as she turned to Schultz and placed an arm around his shoulder as she placed a small peck upon his cheek. He felt his heart skip a slight beat at the touch of her hand and of her lips. The amount of space between the two was not the normal amount of space that one would see between bounty and bounty hunter it was more of the space that was shared between two long term lovers that have loved each other for an eternity. The tension between the two was almost tangible as she pulled away from him. \"Schultz,\" she announced happily, \"This is Bali. He and his tribe took me in when I first ran away from Mississippi. They are like a second family to me. Treated me as one of their own. He's like my brother.\" Schultz smiled as he extended his hand toward the Cherokee and said, \"Hola Bali.\" \"¿Por qué no mató le todavía,\" Bali asked as he finished the handshake and looked back to Jack with a look of disbelief in his eyes. Schultz held in the chuckle that he greatly wished to allow it to see the world. The question that was put to Jack was why he hadn't killed her yet. Even he hadn't an answer for that. He would kill a wanted man without so much as a blink, but he had taken her alive and had even agreed to protect her. \"Porque él no puede traer a matar a algo que es intrínsecamente inocentes... y el hecho de que está realmente interesado en mí. Me atrevería a decir que yo tenía sueños de lo más provocativo últimamente. Sueños muy unladylike, si su imaginación pequeña debe facilitar la comprensión,\" she confided with a wicked grin as she watched Bali chuckle at her inappropriate words. ' Because he cannot bring himself to kill something that is inherently innocent…and the fact that he is indeed interested in me. I daresay I had dreams of the most provocative nature as of late. Very unladylike dreams, if your tiny imagination needs help understanding,' Schultz felt a blush paint his fuzzy cheeks and he quickly turned to look over to see where Django had escaped off to, but he was nowhere to be seen. \"Sí entiendo,\" Bali answered with a chuckle, \"Lo tienes en la espalda al final del mes.\" ' Yes I do understand. You will have him on his back at the end of the month.' Schultz watched as Jack's jaw dropped at the man's speculation. He watched as she placed her hands upon her hips, readying herself to defend herself from the slightly vulgar comment. She merely laughed at the man's words. \"Mi reputación no es muy cierto. No tengo la más mínima quiere hacer nada impropio. Pero yo no sería contra él contar conmigo en mi espalda. Los europeos conocen violentamente a ser genial en esa sección de la vida,\" she informed him with a loud chuckle as she linked her elbow with Schultz's once again. ' My reputation is wildly untrue. I haven't the slightest want to do anything unbecoming. But I wouldn't be against him having me on my back. Europeans are wildly known to be amazing in that section of life.' \"Bali, Bali,\" a young feminine voice announced in a hurried tone. Bali turned around quickly to see a young girl rushing toward him with a very noticeable frown of displeasure upon her thin brown lips. \"His sister,\" Jack whispered to King with a smile as she listened to the hurried conversation in their native tongue between the two, \"She's quite upset about something.\" Bali pulled away from his sister's worried grasp and turned to look at Jack with a look of annoyance upon his as he rolled his eyes. \"BALI,\" the young girl screamed again, trying to get him to leave his old friend to accompany her back home. \"Usted puede venir con nosotros si necesita un lugar para poner bajo otra vez. Sabes que son siempre bienvenidos, así como su nuevo amigo,\" he informed her as he waved goodbye to her and hurried away from her after his little sister. ' You can come with us if you ever need a place to lay low again. You know you are always welcome, as well as your new friend.' \"Adios,\" she called out to him and then looked back to Schultz and chuckled, \"He likes you, he said that you could come to his home anytime.\" Schultz looked up to her with a coy smile as he looked into her vivid blue eyes that reflected nothing but happiness. \"You speak beautifully in Spanish,\" he informed her as he patted her pale hand, \"And just so you know, the rumor is that it's the French that are well known in that department, but,\" he chuckled at his own joke to come, \"us Germans know a few things.\" He watched in delight as the color in her cheeks drained away from her. He smiled as he watched a deep red take over those pallid cheeks as embarrassment filled the girl which made her seem more and more human-like, than her always strong willed, blunt attitude. For once, he had gotten the upper hand on her. ... Boyd looked down at the bloody remains from two unfortunate travelers in the deep East Texas Piney Woods. He smiled as he ripped the three pronged fork out of the dead man's jugular and looked it over fondly. Blood stained the white of the carriage as their forgotten horses grazed on the bloodied grass around the victim's bodies. \"Clever, clever girl,\" he whispered as he wiped the blood away from the fork and allowed it to sparkle in the bright Texas sun. Sweat beaded down his forehead as he pocketed the fork and spit a bit of tobacco to the ground near the dead man's bloodied and beaten face. He had to give it to the Hatfield girl; she was very much like her father when it came to the will to survive. Boyd and Jack went back a short time ago when he had met her in Mississippi. She was just a young girl at the time, no taller than a tadpole when he had first met her, but he had never forgotten that smile or those strange blue eyes. Even at a young age, she had given off a warning that told everyone to walk upon eggshells when they were near her. \"Looks like they were headin' to Nac,\" Tommy announced as he emerged through the brush, \"Tracks are headin' off in that direction.\" \"You want us to all go up there and take her in,\" a cousin from the back asked as he pulled his rifle toward his chest. Boyd looked down at the dead men and smiled wickedly at the thought of what a bounty hunter, a nigger, and a female gambling outlaw could do to them all. Stories had reached them recently about the tale of King Schultz and his brother being shot dead in the streets. Two people avenging the deaths of loved ones made things awfully sticky and dangerous, plus a slave that had built in rage against the white race. \"No,\" he dictated quickly as he moved away from the poor dead bastards and looked to his large group of family members that had picked up arms to travel with him, \"Bobby!\" \"Yes,\" Bobby answered obediently as he hurried toward his relative. Buzzards circled in the blue sky above them and crows cawed in the tall pine trees as they waited patiently to start on their giant, bloodied feast. \"I want you to go into town,\" Boyd directed as he pointed in the direction of where the small group had traveled, \"and I want you to kidnap the girl. If I know Jackie like I think I do, she'll be at the gambler's table. Liquor her up and get her to a dark place where no one will be the wiser.\" \"Kidnap the-\" \"I don't want her companions none the wiser now,\" he cleared as he glared at the burly man, \"And I want her alive. You understand that?\" \"I understand,\" Bobby answered, \"But won't I need-\" \"You get on outta here,\" Boyd demanded harshly as Tommy walked up beside him to watch Bobby hurry away from the family gang. \"Why you only sendin' him,\" Tommy asked as he looked to Boyd with a questioning look upon his face. His blonde hair blew into his eyes as the East Texas wind blew around them, whispering silent warnings of death to each person that it touched. \"You know how when you come up on a trap in the woods,\" Boyd asked as he looked over to his young cousin, \"and you see that there is only the leg of a fox left in the trap?\" \"I don't see what that has to do with Bobby being sent alone.\" \"These men,\" Boyd said looking down at the two dead bodies laying at their feet, \"They are Jack Hatfield's leg. She's weak and easy to take right now. She's preoccupied.\" \"And what makes you think that,\" Tommy asked as he looked down at the remaining bodies, still not understanding the reference. \"She didn't kill the man with the bullet in his head,\" Boyd informed him as he pointed down to the man, \"She is depending on that bounty hunter now, they are her caught leg. Sever the leg and make her an easier catch.\" So there's 8. How about Schultz one upping her? I thought it was cute! :) I love love reviews, especially long ones so review! :D[Chapter 9] Chapter 9: The Hangman's Noose I just want to take this time to say that all of my readers, no matter what story you found me from and became a fan, are amazing. Sometimes you all are so amazing that I tear up and just want to hug each and everyone of you. A tall, well-built man with the eyes of a book learned scholar and the hands of a man that has worked hard for the first half of his life stood on the porch of the sheriff's office admiring the dusty view before him. He watched the female outlaw and her bounty hunter walk into the local bar, most likely for her to win back the money that she had just lost on the newly bought dress that flowed around her legs. He dressed as an educated man which caused him to standout within the confines of this small town. He was dressed in well-tailored black trousers with a matching black vest; his white shirt had been starched by a woman that had obviously cared about his state of dress. He scratched at his well-cared for greying beard as a chuckle escaped him. Jacqueline Hatfield had done a lot to keep herself free of capture, but now here she was being cornered by a gang of outlaw thugs and him. Pride filled him at the thought of him finally catching the woman that had been on the run from Mississippi. He would get her back to Mississippi, there was no doubt about that. \"I'm coming for you Jacqueline,\" he whispered in a sultry deep voice as he turned to walk into the sheriff's office. His black boots scuffed against the wooden floor as he walked through the threshold. He smiled as he watched the sheriff and his deputy look up at him with a questioning gaze in their bright eyes. He knew what they were thinking. ' What's an educated man like you doin' in a town like this?' \"Good evening Sheriff,\" he announced, forcing a smile at the two men. His accent shown through, it was a deep Mississippian accent that could not be missed even in the deep East Texas pine woods. His swagger was that of a confident man as he walked into the building and removed his black hat from atop his head. \"How can I help you,\" the sheriff asked as he glared up at the stranger in black. He smiled and looked over to the deputy who sat in the corner of the room widdling at a small cut of wood. The current prisoners looked up at them with slight annoyance painted upon their faces as he looked at the three men inside. \"You may want to put them three men in one cell,\" he stated in a cocky manner as he pointed toward the three prisoners. \"And why is that,\" the sheriff asked in slight annoyance as he looked at the stranger who was glaring down at them. \"'Cause you got Mad Jack Hatfield in your town,\" he said simply and watched as fear grew within the men's eyes. \"What,\" the deputy yelled as he hopped up from his place in the chair, causing the wood to fall to the ground, as he hurried to grab for the rifle in the gun cabinet beside him. \"Where,\" the sheriff asked harshly as he stood from his desk. \"I saw her going into your little local bar across the way there,\" he said gruffly as he pointed out the door way. \"Her,\" the deputy asked in disbelief as he stopped in his tracks to look at the well-dressed stressed. He dropped his gun slightly in apprehension as he watched the man nod at the question. \"Dark hair like coal, skin that's white as snow, and eyes bluer than the dark ocean,\" he stated with a smile as he recited the woman's looks that he had seen countless times before. \" 'od damn it,\" the sheriff yelled in anger as he moved to the doorway, \"That god damned Ingine was protectin' her and I walked right passed her,\" he looked over to his deputy and pointed at his gun, \"You keep your gun and your eye on her, she's as fast as an angry rattlesnake. How in the hell did we not see her?!\" The deputy hurried out of the office first with his gun held tightly in his hands. He stopped as he looked over to the bar as hoots and hollers escaped the building; there may be a problem with so much ruckus going on inside that establishment, walking in with guns drawn was not always the best of ideas. \"What's your name,\" the sheriff asked of the stranger. \"What you doin' here? You a bounty hunter?\" The stranger smiled as he watched the sheriff look over his well-tailored clothes. \"Name's Wahl,\" he informed him with a cunning smile that hid his true identity from the lawman, \"and I'm just a well-meaning lawyer out of Mississippi.\" ... Jack held in the large smile that wanted to escape her as she looked down at her cards. She had been dealt a rather nice hand as she moved the cards to place them in a more perfect order. She looked over to the men that surrounded the fringes of the old wooden table in the corner of the bar. She sat with her back to the wall as to give her a great view of people coming in and out of the bar and to escape any chance of having a bullet in the back by some yellow belly bounty hunter. \"Well boys,\" she announced happily as she watched the men place their losing cards upon the table, each holding the hope that her cards weren't as good or better than their own hand, \"Looks like I win for the fifth time tonight.\" She chuckled as she reached for the money in the center of the table. She listened to the men growl like wild animals in PT Barnum's traveling circus and she couldn't help but smile as she took their well-earned money from them. \"You know what they say boys,\" she announced as she shoved the money under her cleavage for safe keeping, \"Wealth is made upon the back of others and I do appreciate you all working so hard to make me wealthier that what I was when I arrived in this town. Truly, I do thank you.\" A chuckle wafted from the bar and entered Jack's ear as she pulled herself away from the card table to give the boys a good chance of winning their money back from someone that was a horrible gambler. She looked up to see a common bar wench placing her slim, well used fingers upon King's shoulder blades. She smiled as she watched him try to make casual small talk with the woman, but the whore was having none of that with each touch that she placed upon him. Jack could feel her bounty hunter's uncomfortable state from where she stood and she couldn't help but chuckle. He had never been one to shy away her own sexual musings, but with this woman, she could see him shying away as if he were a young child hiding behind his daddy's legs. Could it be because the woman was a common whore? Or was there something more? She had never seen a man shy away from the attentions of a woman just begging for a man to take them in a bedroom upstairs. She hadn't talked to him since that rather embarrassing conversation that he had overheard in Spanish for her own self-conscious reasonings. She had not been one to be easily embarrassed but him understanding the conversation had embarrassed her beyond belief. Jack smiled as walked up to the bar and stood in front of Schultz. She forced herself between the two and smiled as she looked into Schultz's enchanting brown eyes. She ignored the prostitute's nasty words directed at her as she looked down at her cleavage, never allowing her eyes to move away from her capturer's captivating eyes, and pulled a small sum of greenbacks from in between her breasts and held it up for the whore to see. \"That man over there,\" Jack stated as she pulled her attentions from Schultz to look at the red headed prostitute, \"He told me to give this to you. He wants a little cowgirl time, if ya get the meaning sweetie.\" The scantily dressed woman quickly ripped the greenbacks from Jack's hand and hissed, \"I didn't want the old man anyways.\" \"Well that's a blessing for him,\" she bit back as she glared at the woman with bright blue eyes, \"He shall forever and always be blessedly free of diseases.\" The whore rolled her eyes and walked away, wadding up Jack's well earned money. Jack smiled as she turned her attentions back to King Schultz who was smiling at her. \"Wasn't that the money that you earned back to pay for the dress,\" he asked with a smile as he lifted up his beer mug to take a drink. She smiled at him and replied with a chuckle, \"No that was my money. I just paid for a good time for the man that I beat.\" Schultz turned from her and smiled as he watched the beaten man's face brighten up at the sight of the prostitute that Schultz had no need for sit in his lap and give him the attentions that Schultz had not wanted. \"Thank you,\" he stated with a smile as he looked back to the woman beside him. \"For what,\" she asked as she turned to the bartender and placed a coin upon the bar top and demanded, \"Whiskey.\" She smiled as the bartender poured her a glass of what was most likely watered down whiskey and she downed it quickly, loving the burning sensation as the liquor made its way slowly down her throat and into her stomach. \"For getting rid of that woman,\" he stated as he talked with his hands for emphasis, \"I mean it's not in who I am to pay for a woman to give me attention.\" \"Of course you don't,\" she stated with a smile as she pushed herself from the bar and then pulling herself back to it, \"You expect them to pay you once you have turned them in.\" He looked at her with slight confusion and then shook his head, \"Is that what you think my intentions are? That's not what I-\" \"Mad Jack Hatfield,\" the stern voice of the sheriff announced from behind her. Jack rolled her eyes in anger as she felt the tip of a shotgun against the back of her skull. She groaned at the use of her nickname. \"I don't particularly like that nickname,\" she informed him as she raised her hands in the air, \"Not many a man has lived once they called me that a second time,\" she turned with her hands up to glare at the sheriff and the deputy, \"Just fair warning in case you have got a likin' to that name.\" Schultz looked at the two men wearing stars upon their chest and shook his head as he said, \"This is my bounty, you can't just take what is mine.\" \"It's fine,\" Jack said with a coy smile as the deputy placed iron cuffs around her pale wrists and jerked her forward. \"She's got a gun,\" the sheriff announced and watched as the deputy stopped and patted her skirts down to pull the small pistol out of the hidden pocket within her skirt. \"Dr. Schultz will take my gun,\" Jack informed the deputy with a smile, \"Don't worry. You can trust him, he's a law man. He was just on his way to return me to Mississippi to attain the bounty upon my head. Isn't that right King?\" She turned to see Schultz standing tall as the deputy handed him the pistol. \"She killed a man in Nacogdoches,\" the sheriff informed the dentist, \"and I'm going to see to it that she hangs here in Nacogdoches for it, first thing in the mornin'. You'll get your money for it, you have my word.\" \"Ya hear that, King,\" she announced with a smile, \"You have the sheriff's word…as if that means anything in this shithole town.\" \"Come on, Ma…Jack,\" the deputy demanded as he jerked her forward out of the bar and toward the jail house where she would stay the night until it was time for her to hang by the neck until dead in the tiny town of Nacogdoches. ... Bobby McCoy pulled on the reins of his buckskin gelding as he came into the busy town of Nacogdoches. He had never seen the small dusty town so busy before in his life. \"They got Mad Jack!\" \"The sheriff caught Mad Jack Hatfield!\" Screams from the local residents filled the air with glee. He felt a sense of urgency come over him at the revelation. He knew that Boyd would not be happy if something were to happen to Jack before he had exacted his pound of flesh from her. He watched as the town deputy pulled the reins of Black Jack and led the black beast toward the sheriff's office. He knew deep down that they would use Mad Jack's own horse as the beast to carry her toward her death. \"Excuse me,\" he announced with a Southern drawl as he pushed himself off of his own horse, \"Did you catch Mad Jack Hatfield?\" \"Yes sir,\" the deputy answered, \"Got her in the jail cell, if you lookin' to collect a reward on her I'm 'fraid it's already been taken.\" \"So you all really gonna hang her,\" Bobby asked as he looked at the slim deputy that reminded him of a tooth pick. \"First thing in the mornin',\" he answered, \"Bout, oh I don't know, eight o'clock.\" Bobby looked at the deputy and shook his head at the pickle that he had just been placed in. Should he ride back to tell Boyd about what was unraveling or should he stay in the town to watch things unfold? Neither choice was a good one. \"It should be a good show,\" the deputy said with a large smile on his face as he turned to walk away from the new man in town. Bobby shook his head as he looked at the sheriff's office where the woman that killed his family member was being held. He could easily go in there and take the pound of flesh, but Boyd would be angry that he hadn't gotten to exact the flesh for himself. It was a nasty business, revenge and family. ... Jack looked around the empty cell that she had been placed in and sighed as she leaned her head back upon the wall. She could hear the catcalls coming from the men in the other cell beside hers as she closed her eyes as she tried to form an escape plan. It wasn't the first time that she had been caught, so she knew how to keep her cool, though this time she had no idea how to escape. Being with Django and Schultz had made her less observant and it had cost her dearly. She closed her eyes as a small tune came into her head and she allowed it to escape her in a soft hum. The catcalls from the men beside her slowly faded away as they listened to the rhythmic tone of her hum. \"All my sorrow burnin' pain, you're gonna take me to the grave,\" she sang to herself as she hummed to herself. \"You bet your sweet ass I will,\" the sheriff announced harshly as he looked in on her, interrupting her soft singing. She looked up at him and smiled softly and said, \"Do you really intend on paying Dr. Schultz his much deserved reward for bringing me in to town? Ya know, I wouldn't have even come to this dirt water town if it wasn't for him.\" \"And here we are,\" the sheriff announced as he glared down at her, \"You on the side of the bars that you should be on.\" \"Just so,\" she replied happily with a hint a condensation in her tone, \"But to be fair, we should be sharing this cell. What sheriff in this world is wholly honest and justified?\" \"Keep talkin',\" the sheriff demanded, \"until your little neck snaps and into the flames of Hell.\" \"The day I die, Sheriff,\" she replied as she stared deep into his eyes, \"is the day I'm sprung from Hell.\" He chuckled at her reply and pushed away from the woman's cell to take his place back at his seat. \"How'd you know who I was,\" she asked as she looked up at him. The thought hadn't really occurred to her; he had looked her dead in the eye and had not recognized her. \"A man named-\" \"Little sister,\" a forced English voice announced in worry. Jack looked up to see Bali standing at her cell and looking down at her with a large knowing grin upon his face. \"What in the hell are you doin' here,\" the sheriff asked harshly as he stood up and crossed his arms upon his chest. \"Please, Sheriff,\" Bali answered, \"I've come to pay my respects to my sister before you condemn her to the hangman's noose.\" \"Fine,\" the sheriff announced in annoyance, \"But make it quick.\" Bali nodded and looked over to Jack who now stood from her place on the floor and smiled up at him. \"You have a plan,\" she asked in Spanish, quickly looking over to the sheriff and smiled at the look upon his face at the fact that he could not understand what they were saying. \"Yes,\" he admitted, \"It's very simple.\" \"Then what is it? We kill everyone that gets in the way?\" \"Yes.\" She smiled at the plan and replied happily, \"I do think that is the best plan that I have ever heard of. Have you told King about it?\" \"No,\" he answered, \"I thought you wanted to break away from the all.\" \"No,\" she hissed, \"Tell King the plan. I will not leave without him and Django. The black is a pretty good shot, you can use him.\" \"I'll shoot the rope around your neck and then you and Black Jack will make a run for it,\" he informed her. \"We didn't fight Santie Annie for you two to be speakin' that filthy language,\" the sheriff informed them, growing tired of their secretive words. \"I want sharp shooters on the roof,\" she informed him quickly, ignoring the man's angered words. \"It's already been planned,\" he informed her with a smile, \"My sister will be waiting behind to break your chains. You'll be safe there.\" Jack smiled at her friend and nodded as she whispered her gratitude toward her old friend. He had truly been her miracle in this town. \"Tell King,\" she whispered as she bid him farewell, \"Don't leave him in the dark.\" So what do you think about this long chapter? Who is Wahl? Does he mean her harm? What will Bobby do? Will Schultz try to save her and ruin Bali's plan? TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK! I'm dying without any reviews and your thoughts on what is going on. I need input :) Review. (Oh by the way, the songs that she will be singing are all from Hatfields & McCoys soundtrack...which is amazing! I listen to it all the time! It is inspirational to me as a writer!)[Chapter 10] Chapter 10: A Brave Escape & the Indian Camp \"Get on out there,\" the deputy demanded harshly as he shoved Jack forward. Dust billowed about in the wind as she was marched through the street. Residents lined the streets to watch her death, like the barbarians that they truly were. Her hands were tied tightly with rope behind her back, disabling her from hitting someone and escaping fairly easily. She quickly looked around her, her eyes searching for the hope that she so desperately needed as she came closer and close to the hangman's noose. A soft smile tugged at her lips as she saw the man that she had so desperately searched for. Schultz stood up from his seat upon the wagon as she was marched passed him, Django was ready on his horse for the escape plan to play its course. Her eyes quickly snapped to the above buildings as she watched two men bolt across the roof tops carrying long rifles. She chuckled as the deputy forced her to stop her to glare up at the noose that hung from the high wooden pillars. \"Just a short drop,\" the deputy whispered in her ear. She turned to him and looked deeply into his eyes; there was no smile of amusement to be found as she stared into his eyes. \"You won't live very long,\" she said emotionlessly and then turned to look at the sheriff, \"Can I be on my own horse?\" The sheriff looked down at her from where he stood and shrugged his shoulders as he spoke over the preacher's prayer, \"Hell,\" he looked around him and then to the young woman, \"I don't see why not.\" \"Buck,\" he demanded as he looked to the deputy, \"Get her horse.\" The deputy did as he said and hurriedly brought Black Jack toward Jack. The horse pawed at the ground angrily as he looked at his owner with her hands tied behind her back. \"Now help her up there,\" the sheriff demanded of his deputy. \"I don't need your help,\" she hissed in anger as she pulled herself on top of the beast without the use of her hands, a feat that seemed almost impossible to the men standing around her. The preacher continued on with his prayer as Jack sat atop her black mustang. She shook her head in annoyance as the preacher screamed to God in Heaven, begging for Him to forgive her sins. \"And I don't need your preachin',\" she hissed as she glared at the preacher in black. She smiled wickedly as the man of the cloth looked up at her in confusion, not knowing whether he should keep on preaching or not. \"I think that's enough,\" the sheriff said as he looked to the dumbfounded preacher and then back to the outlaw in a dress. \"Thank ya kindly,\" Jack announced happily as she watched the preacher move to the side as Black Jack was pulled forward and the noose was lowered around her neck. The deputy fitted the rope around her neck, carefully avoiding her eyes. \"Mad Jack Hatfield,\" the sheriff announced ignoring the sour, annoyed expression that painted Jack's face at her given nickname, \"You are convicted of crimes of the most barbaric, for the violent murder of twelve-\" Two shots rang out through the dusty streets and screams from the on looking residents filled air causing immense confusion. Jack smiled as the rope fell around her, being cut in half by a bullet. She kicked Black Jack in the flanks and they quickly bolted forward just as the sheriff fell to the ground from a bullet in the head. She kept herself balanced in the saddle as gun shots flew around her as she made a daring escape. She could hear horse hooves behind her and turned her head slightly to see Django following close behind her. The wind whipped through her long dark hair as she felt herself coming closer and closer to freedom. She turned back once again to see Schultz barreling toward them in his wagon; she couldn't help but laugh with great enjoyment as she watched the tooth bounce frantically back and forth as they rushed across the land toward the Indian settlement where they would be protected for the time being. ... Wahl watched as the scene unfurled. He watched the residents of the town rushing about to find some sense of order in the chaos that had unfurled. He had known that an escape plan had been put in place; he had never underestimated Jacqueline Hatfield, or any other Hatfields that he had dealings with, and they were a clever bunch of folks. \"God damn it,\" he heard the voice of Bobby McCoy announce as he hurried upon his horse to ride away from the scene to chase after the escaping group. Wahl chuckled to himself as he calmly pulled himself up on his buckskin gelding. He kicked the horse lightly in the flank as he pulled his lassoing rope from its place around the horn and readied himself to catch a McCoy boy. His horse pounded across the ground as he quickly came up behind Bobby McCoy and his nag. He twirled the rope above his head, leaning into the horse as they moved quickly across the flat land in the same direction that the outlaw had ran. He quickly allowed the rope to escape his grasp and fly through the air as if it were a demon snake from Hell aiming to catch and drag its next victim into Hell. The rope latched around the large man's body and Wahl backed his horse up quickly causing Bobby to be jerked out of his saddle as his nag kept running forward as if the rider was still upon its back. Bobby fell to the ground with a loud plop. He grabbed the rope as fear coursed through his veins; he knew being roped only led to a slow and painful death. He tried to take the rope off of his body, but as he did the rope tightened and he looked up to see a man he had seen once before. \"You son of a-\" Wahl turned his horse around quickly and kicked him as hard as he could, his spurs digging into the animal's stomach in order to have the animal pick up speed. He could hear Bobby's screams from behind him as he drug the man to his death across the East Texas land. He smiled as he realized that he had done exactly what little Jack Hatfield had done, he had killed a McCoy and would warrant them to come after him for revenge. He stopped his horse and smiled as his horse pawed at the ground just as Black Jack had done when he was annoyed. It made perfect sense that the two would do such a thing since the two horses came from the same mare. Bobby moaned in pain as Wahl pulled himself off of his horse. \"Whoa Altivo,\" Wahl announced as he ground tied the buckskin colored horse and walked toward the man on the end of his rope. His spurs sang a warning to the beat up man that he was on the prowl, readying himself to pounce and deliver the final blow. \"Bobby McCoy,\" Wahl announced happily, his Mississippi accent present as he looked down at the beaten and bruised man. Bobby groaned as he looked up to the man that he immediately recognized and said, \"Wahl-\" \"Looks like you took a nasty fall,\" Wahl announced as he looked at the broken bones the protruded outside of his white skin and tattered clothes. Wahl placed his hand around the butt of his gun, holding onto the ivory tightly as he pulled it from its holster. He opened the chamber and loaded it with new bullets and whistled as he did, only to put the beaten man on edge. \"Don't do this,\" Bobby demanded as he listened to the twirling of the chamber and the click of it being put back in place. \"Sorry Bobby,\" Wahl announced, \"But I can't have you goin' after what's mine. And to be honest,\" he chuckled as he looked down on the man and pointed the pistol at his forehead, \"You're a waste of flesh, but not a waste of a bullet. I'm gonna use you to send a message to your family.\" Bobby moaned in pain for the last time just before a loud bang ripped through his reality and into the bone of his skull than finally piercing through his brain quickly ending the pain that he felt from the horrible dragging that Wahl had previously put him through. Wahl smiled as he watched Bobby's nag walking lazily back toward his owner. He chuckled as he placed his pistol back into its home in his holster and walked toward the skinny animal. \"I've got a job for you,\" he announced childishly as he pulled the nag by the reins toward the dead body of Bobby. He looked down at the body of Bobby and snickered as he pulled the dead man to his feet. \"Come on Bobby,\" he demanded, \"Justice calls.\" Wahl placed the body atop the horse and tied him down so as to not fall from the saddle and to the ground where the McCoy clan could not find him. \"Now,\" Wahl stated as he finished tying the body down and pulled a paper from his vest pocket and placed it safely on the saddle, \"Here's my message that you are going to deliver.\" Wahl surveyed his work with a proud smile and slapped the animal on the rump hard. He watched as the animal slightly kicked as it galloped away from the scene carrying Bobby McCoy back to his murderous family. \"I'm always there for ya Jack,\" he announced happily as he pulled himself onto his horse and clicked his tongue to signal for the horse to move forward, \"Even if ya don't like it.\" ... King Schultz smiled as he looked around him to see the wondrous workings of the Indian culture. They had made their own little life seemingly in the middle of nowhere. He looked around for someone in particular. Django sat shooing the horses beside Bali, the man that had planned the brave escape. He hurried toward the two and smiled as he looked at the brave Cherokee. \"Excuse me,\" he said in Spanish as he looked down at the man, \"Have you seen Jack?\" Bali smiled brightly up at the German bounty hunter and then pointed to his left and replied in Spanish, \"Jack likes the creek. Try there, but be careful, Mad Dog is there, he bites.\" \"Gracias,\" Schultz said with a large, thankful smile and ignored Django's knowing glance as he hurried in the direction of where Jack had disappeared to. Schultz careful made his way down the hill to the creek. He could see the setting sun reflect upon the water which created a beautiful scene that even the greatest of artist could not duplicate. Bright reds, yellows, and oranges painted the water as he moved toward the creek bed. Leaves crumpled under his feet as he walked toward it. A horrible growl came from beside him; the growl was almost dog like. He looked to his right to see a young boy with a rope around his neck tied up like an unwanted dog. He felt a sense of horror come over him at the atrocity that he was staring at. Raw meat had been thrown upon the ground beside a tipped over bucket that must have held the boy's drinking water. Schultz quickly made his way to the growling wild boy who was glaring at him with glassy eyes. The boy tugged at the rope around his neck as he tried to escape his bounds. \"I wouldn't step any closer,\" the soft voice of Jack announced from behind him. Schultz stopped in his place and turned to see Jack looking at him from beside the water. He then turned to the boy and shook his head. \"What is this,\" he asked, \"This isn't humane.\" \"He's sick,\" Jack informed him as she kept her gaze upon the rippling water in front of her, \"His name is Mad Dog.\" \"What's wrong with him,\" Schultz asked as he watched saliva and foam fall from the young boy's mouth. \"He was bitten by a coyote on a hunting trip,\" she informed him, \"He's rabid. There's nothing that can be done for him.\" \"So they tie him up,\" he asked in disbelief as he looked at the poor boy. Jack looked away from the creek and looked to Schultz who was now walking toward her, moving away from the rabid child. \"They don't have the heart to put a bullet in his head,\" she informed him coldly. She could see the caring for the boy in his eyes and she shook her head as she added, \"It's a sad fact of life out here. It's just the way that it is.\" Schultz looked down at his feet in sympathy for the young boy. \"You care, don't you,\" he heard her ask. He turned to look at her and looked into her eyes that beamed of understanding. He nodded at her words and then looked at the beautiful scene in front of them. \"It's good that you care,\" Jack whispered as she looked at him, taking in each small movement of his face, \"You care about Django, and the boy, and hell bound outlaws…people that desperately need someone to care for them.\" She shook her head at her words and smiled at him as she asked, \"You see it as a flaw though, don't you King?\" Schultz shrugged his shoulders as he reached down to grab a perfectly shaped pebble and skipped it across the rippling creek. He turned to her and gave her a weak smile. \"What's the point in caring when you can't change anything,\" he asked, his accent strong in his words as he looked into her deep eyes, feeling as if he could stare at those eyes forever. \"Things eventually do change,\" she informed him as she picked up her own pebble and skipped it across the lake, her stone going further than his, \"because of people that do care. People like you,\" she paused then added, \"I could tell when I first saw you and Django ride into town.\" He smiled at her words and said fondly, \"You knew all that by one glance?\" \"Well, it's not an everyday occurrence that you see a freed slave,\" she informed him with a shrug of her shoulders as she gazed into his brown eyes. \"I admire you Jacqueline,\" he stated softly, using her full name as he looked into her dark blue eyes. He smiled as he watched an unsure smile come across her face. She grabbed another rock and skipped it across the water once again. \"And why is that,\" she asked as she looked at him from the corner of her eye. \"You are the spirit of this age,\" he informed her in a matter of fact tone, \"It's rare that you see something so based in reality. You are the beauty and the pain of this world.\" She shook her head and chuckled at his philosophical words as she said, \"I'm not the spirit of any age. All I am is an outlaw.\" \"That's not all you are,\" he informed her, his accent once again thick, \"If you were just a common outlaw, you would have shot Django and I long ago and went about your way.\" She lifted her brow as a smile came across her face. She turned away from him and looked into the distance and took a deep breath as she allowed the soft wind to blow softly through her thick hair. \"Sit with me,\" she whispered as she sat down on the leafy ground. She smiled as her fingers fiddled with the ends of her skirt as she looked over the water. \"Beautiful isn't it,\" she asked as she looked to the tree line where the sun slowly hid behind causing a distortion of the light upon the water, \"I don't think I can ever see myself leaving the southland. It's just too beautiful. You know,\" she said as Schultz sat down beside her, \"I feel sorry for any person that has never seen the true beauty of the South,\" she watched as he quickly glanced to the skyline and then back to her, \"Look at me, you must be so homesick. You probably have seen far more beautiful things that just a sunset,\" a blush quickly found itself upon her cheeks. Schultz smiled at her and replied, \"And that's where you are mistaken Jack, I think this tops the list of beautiful sights.\" She felt a tug at her heart at his words as she forced herself to look away from him and back to the sunset. \"I think this,\" Schultz announced, breaking the sudden silence between the two as he pulled her pistol from his vest, \"belongs to you.\" She looked at him in confusion as he placed the gun into her hands. \"You trust me,\" she asked as she looked into his deep brown eyes in slight disbelief. \"You haven't killed me yet,\" Schultz said with a chuckle and clapped his hand together in order to hopefully alleviate the tension that was forming between the two as they sat side by side on the creek bank taking in the beautiful sunset. \"I think,\" Jack whispered as she looked over to the water, halting before continuing on with her train of thought, \"I think that you and Django should leave,\" she closed her eyes as she felt his concerned eyes upon her flesh, \"It was selfish of me to ask you to protect me, it's my own mess.\" Schultz snorted at her words and replied softly, \"Jack if you're worried about-\" \"I've found myself caring about you,\" she stopped, \"and Django as well, if something were to happen to you, I'd never forgive myself,\" she shook her head and wiped a stray strand away that had fallen into her eyes, \"I will still keep to my word and give you the reward money, it's the least I can do, but I want you to leave.\" Schultz quickly grabbed her hand and held it tightly in his own as he looked deeply into her worried blue eyes. He felt a tug inside of him as he took in her features. She had been downright dangerous, but he had seen a softer side to her as she had in him with the poor rabid boy just up the hill. \"I gave my word that I'd protect you,\" he whispered as he watched her close her eyes and a smile tug at her lips, \"I'm not going anywhere…but I'm still taking you back to Mississippi, but I will see if I can pay off the-\" \"What makes you care so much,\" she asked as she looked up at him, interrupting him in an effort to not hear the hopeless suggestion that he was about to make, \"What made you become a bounty hunter? Did you love someone?\" She moved ever so closer to him as if they were courting lovers. The smell of fresh linen and the intoxicating smell of tobacco ripped through her senses as she awaited the answer. \"There is a reason,\" he informed her in a heavily accented whisper, \"A reason very similar to your revenge tale,\" he looked up to see Jack looking at him with concern and interest painted upon her features, he could smell her intoxicating perfume as the wind blew around her, \"My brother was murdered in cold blood, two bullets in the chest. He was just a peaceful guy and some outlaw came into town and shot the bar up,\" he shrugged his shoulders casually, \"It was a case of wrong place, wrong time.\" \"So you hunted the man down,\" she asked, a smile coming across her face, \"Did you kill him?\" \"I don't miss when I point my gun,\" he informed as he returned her large smile with his own large coy smile. He chuckled playfully. She batted her lashes as she looked to him with a smile as she leaned closer to him, closing her eyes as she took in his distinct aroma. Her heart pounded as she made the first move. Schultz felt his heart lurch as he watched the woman moving close to him with her eyes closed. She was a rather trusting person, allowing herself to be alone with him in the middle of nowhere. He tightened his grip on her hand that he had never allowed himself to release and smiled as the soft lilac of her perfume formed around him, creating a wonderful aromatic barrier around him to shield his senses from the smell of mud around them. He could feel her breath upon his skin as her lips lingered just above his teasingly. He was about to close the space when a familiar voice shattered their perfect moment. \"Aye Jack,\" Django announced from above the hill near the rabid child. Schultz watched as Jack opened her eyes, annoyance clearly on her face as she quickly pulled away from him and ripped her hands out of his. \"What is it Django,\" she asked as she looked up to the freed slave. \"Bali sent for you,\" Django informed her as he pointed toward the camp site, \"I think there's a problem with his sister or somethin'.\" \"Right,\" she said as she shot a sad look to Schultz, \"Bali always had the most imperfect timing. Excuse me, King.\" Schultz watched as Jack hurried from her place beside him. She quickly wiped the leaves off of her rump from where they sat. He watched as she walked with her head down as she made her way up the hill. He could see Django looking at Jack with a knowing smile on his face as he made his way down to them. Django wore a large grin as he looked at the man that had purchased him and allowed him his freedom. He watched as Schultz pulled himself from the ground and stood tall as he wiped leaves off of his grey outfit. \"What,\" Schultz asked as he looked at his smiling friend. \"Nothin',\" Django answered, his smile never faltering, \"I just wasn't 'spectin' what I just saw.\" Schultz felt a bright blush come over him as he held his hands in the air in a stopping motion, \"You didn't see anything, Django. Jack and I were just talking.\" \"Right,\" Django said with a snort, \"Talking, that's somethin' ya tell the master when he catches ya talkin' to his beautiful daughter when they were doin' what you and Jack almost did.\" Schultz shrugged his shoulders and tried to explain, \"Well I, you know, I didn't…she-\" \"Hey,\" Django announced with a shrug, \"she perty, ain't nothin' wrong with kissin' on a pretty woman, as long as she don't kill ya ass in the process.\" Schultz laughed heartily at Django's response as they climbed up the hill together. \"So those Brittle brothers,\" Django started. \"Ah yes,\" he answered, \"We will be leaving tomorrow morning. So I suggest for you to get a restful night's sleep. It will be a long ride.\" ... Boyd and his rowdy family barreled across the land as they made their way toward Nacogdoches. Bobby hadn't given word as to what was going on in the town with Mad Jack Hatfield and they had become increasingly worried and enraged with each passing hour that he had not returned to them. \"Whoa,\" Boyd hissed to his horse as he watched Bobby's horse gallop toward them, carrying something rather large upon his back. \"Jesus fuck,\" a family member from behind him announced harshly as they watched the horse buck and the body of Bobby McCoy being thrown from the animal's back. Boyd hurriedly jumped off of his horse and rushed toward the mangled body of his large cousin. He could smell the rank stench of blood upon Bobby's filthy clothes as he turned the body over to face him. \"Oh god damn,\" Boyd hissed as he looked at the bullet hole in the man's head. He felt rage fill his body as he looked down at yet another dead family member. \"There's a not,\" Tommy announced as he walked up behind Boyd. He quickly unpinned the note from Bobby's body and opened it. His eyes widened at the words that looked back at him in pitch black ink. \"It just says 'X Hatfield',\" Tommy read aloud as he looked down at the body. \"That damned Hatfield bitch has done killed one too many of our family,\" Boyd hissed in anger as he pulled himself away from his deceased cousin. \"She dragged him by the looks of it,\" Tommy said as he examined the body, \"Then put a god damned bullet in his head.\" \"Let this be known,\" Boyd screamed as he pulled himself on top of his horse and glared at each one of his relatives, \"Bobby's death will not be in vain! We won't stop 'til we kill that Hatfield girl and every other Hatfield that gets in our way!\" So here's a very long chapter for you all filled with yummy gummy sweetness that is Schutlz and Jack. Did you enjoy it? So who is Wahl? Any guesses? He kind of protected her from Bobby didn't he? Does he had good intentions or bad intentions for what he did? Boyd is pretty pissed about this whole situation huh? Maybe he just needs to calm his tits. What do you think? Reviews make me a very happy goblin. (oh I have a Tumblr, the link is on my page, feel free to follow me!) Review! :)[Chapter 11] Chapter 11: Long Road to Hell FYI: I don't like the beginning of this chapter. A slight jolt radiated through Jack's sleeping form as she lay still upon the soft ground near the smoking embers of what remained of the fire from the previous night. Her eyes bolted open and she jumped from surprise as a well-kept beard and soft brown eyes looked down at her. She felt his hand upon her shoulder through her blouse, warm from staying buried inside of his pockets. \"Shh,\" Schultz whispered as he looked down at the sleepy woman who was pulling herself into a seated position, \"Some are still asleep.\" Jack looked around the camp to see Django settling Fritz into his straps as other members of Bali's family moved to and fro, completing their morning chores. Fog billowed through the pine trees that surrounded them and over the small creek in an almost foreboding manner as the incoming winter wind chilled her bones. \"We have to get going,\" Schultz whispered to her as he helped her up from the ground, his large warm hands caressing her own dainty frigidly cold hands. She nodded in understanding as she ran a hand through her messy hair. Her eyes closed slightly as she adjusted to her waking state. She felt a comfort upon her as Schultz looked over her with a genuine smile upon his face. She yawned and moved away from him to lend a helping hand in the morning routines. Jack jerked her heavy saddle and blanket from the ground and walked toward Black Jack with a soft smile on her face at seeing her oldest pal. She whistled to him and watched with pride as he nodded his head at her and snorted his pleasure of seeing her. \"You ready boy,\" she whispered as she placed the blanket carefully onto his back made of rolling fat and then threw the saddle upon his back. Her hands moved quickly with skill as she fastened the girt and other straps upon the well-behaved painted horse. \"Jack,\" the voice of Bali announced with a hint of sadness in his voice. She turned to face her old time friend and looked at his haggard, sorrowful face. She could see each line of age on his sharp features as he looked at her with such sad eyes. \"He died,\" she asked in Spanish. \"Early in the morning,\" Bali informed her. \"And his family?\" Schultz made his way toward her as he overheard the conversation between the gracious Bali and her. He watched as Bali moved away from Jack and hurried toward a gathering group of the tribe's men. \"What's going on,\" Schultz asked, his accent thick as he looked over to the group and then to Jack to see her eyes averted to the ground. \"The boy,\" Jack replied softly as she turned to him with sad eyes, \"He died during the night.\" She looked away from his caring eyes and then over to the group of men as they untied the bounds from the limp boy. \"What are they going to do with him,\" Schultz asked as he watched her make a cross over her body just as the men passed the both of them carrying the poor devil out of the direct gaze of the tribe. \"They're taking him far away from here,\" she whispered as Bali hurried back toward them, wiping his hands upon his pants leg as he stopped in front of them, \"to dispose of the body properly. They will treat him like an animal alive, but then give him a proper human burial. Funny little traditions aren't they? They haven't the heart to kill him so they let him suffer cruelty that even an animal shouldn't feel.\" She looked at Bali's soft smile, completely ignorant of the critiques that she was giving of his small tribe's actions on dealing with the rabid boy. She looked to Schultz who was watching the other men carry the boy far into the woods where he would be disposed of. \"What is it Bali,\" she asked in Spanish. \"Take this,\" Bali demanded in Spanish as he grabbed her pale wrists and placed a cloth napkin filled with warm bread sitting comfortably inside, \"For the road.\" \"Gracias,\" she announced happily as she turned away from her old friend to place the napkin into her leather saddle bag. She turned quickly and gave him a quick hug as she had performed back in Nacogdoches before her uncalled for capture and daring escape. \"Thank you for having us,\" she added as she pulled away from him and looked over to Schultz who was running his hand over the well-toned muscle upon Black Jack's neck. \"De nada,\" Bali announced with a chuckle as a young man hurried up to him and looked up at Jack with adoration dancing in his eyes as he spoke in Bali's native tongue. The boy was tall and sleek with soft stubble that had just started to grow upon his face, a young man that had just entered the first stages of manhood. \"What's he saying,\" Jack asked as she gave the young man a soft smile and chuckled as the teenager blushed at her gifted smile. Bali looked up at her and then to Schultz as he replied, \"He's going to lead you out of here safely. There was a cat spotted ahead. Wouldn't want any of you attacked.\" \"Tell him thank you,\" Jack informed him as she pulled herself atop Black Jack and looked down at the men in front of her. Django quickly mounted his own nag and hurriedly made his way towards her and Schultz who was now making his way to his newly stocked dental wagon and Fritz. \"And thank you for your hospitality, friend,\" Jack announced in Spanish happily as she turned to Django who was looking at the two of them with a sense of wonderment in his eyes as he listened to them speak in a foreign tongue. \"Come Django,\" Jack announced as she lightly kicked Black Jack in the flack and lightly spanked the animal's rump with the ends of the reigns to move him forward. \"Adios,\" Bali announced with a wave as he watched the outlaw and her captors moving forward, out of the Indian camp. He turned and smiled at the young man that was to escort them away and added with a chuckle, \"Make sure that she doesn't kill you.\" ... Jack glared at Schultz as they moved across the land, coming closer and closer to the state line. In a few weeks, he would march her back into Mississippi to her own death. It wasn't the state government that she was afraid of, she could escape them quickly; it was something altogether different that she feared in the great state of Mississippi. Bitterness filled her as she looked over to the man that she had started to feel butterflies around, something that she knew she would have to dispose of quickly. \"So how many men have you killed,\" she asked, effectively breaking the silence that had fueled the thick air since their young escort had left without so much as a whip mark upon his back or a bullet in the temple. Schultz jerked from his thoughts and looked over to the woman that had asked him that personal question. It was the same question that she had been asked only a few nights ago, but there were differences between the two. She was an outlaw and he was a lawman. He killed people for the right reasons and she killed them for the wrong reasons. He needed to remind himself of that fact, he needed to start seeing her as an outlaw and get the impure thoughts of her out of his mind. She was an outlaw. She wasn't the type to carry home to a mother. She wasn't the kind of woman that one could fall asleep next to and not worry about having your throat slashed, a bullet to the temple, or a fork in the jugular. Those thoughts were quickly burned away from his mind as his heart rationalized that she had not done any of those horrible things to him, or to Django. Yes, it was true that she had raised her gun at them, but such is life on the run. Mad Jack Hatfield depended on her guns, her cunning, and Black Jack, but now she was depending on them for some reason he had yet to deduce. \"King,\" her voice rang out again. He turned to see her smiling at him softly; her smile reminded him of that innocent, sweet moment that they had shared from before when he had let his rational side slip momentarily. \"Uhm,\" he announced, loosing himself once again as he looked at her curious eyes, \"What did you ask? My mind was in Mississippi.\" He watched as her smile quickly faded at the state's name and looked away from him. He watched as she shook her head and forced another smile upon her face, a fake smile in hopes of hiding just how afraid she was of returning to Mississippi. \"I asked how many men have you killed,\" she asked in an almost bitter tone, \"You both know how many I've killed. I think it's only right that I should know. And I am quite curious. To be honest King, you don't look like the type of man that should be riding off into the sunset with dust flying on his well-tailored suits looking for a man to kill.\" He smiled at her words. They had been true, once upon a time. He had never once thought of bounty hunting as a career choice before his brother died. \"I don't precisely remember how many men that I have turned in,\" he admitted with a shrug of his shoulders. \"Turned in,\" she asked in shock as her dark blue eyes glared at him and added with bitter anger, \"Why don't you just call it what it is? You kill people for money, Dr. Schultz.\" He could feel the quiet anger that radiated in her eyes as she looked upon him. Her attitude seemed to change as soon as they had left the Indian camp and moved closer and closer to the state lines. \"It's not like-\" \"Not like what I do,\" she finished for him as Django came riding along to them after hearing her rising voice. \"I didn't mean it like-\" \"Let me remind you of something,\" she hissed as she glared at him, \"You are no better than me. If you don't kill outlaws,\" she paused as hot tears threatened to overtake her eyes, \"Outlaws like me, then you don't eat. If I don't kill men that try to harm me or have harmed the people that I love, then I don't live. That's all there is to it. You are not better than me just because the United States of Fools pays you to kill. Just remember, it's a long road down to Hell.\" He watched in slight shock at her bitter words as she kicked Black Jack hard with her spurs and moved away from him and Django. He watched as her long hair bounced in the air as she moved away from them, but not leaving them. He found himself lost in the thought oh why she would chose to stay with them. She was safe back at the Indian camp with Bali. She could quite possibly be the quickest hand in the South, she could go against a whole army regiment if she desired from a safe place upon a hill. \"What's wrong with her,\" Django asked as he looked over to Schultz who was gazing at Jack's back, not knowing that tears were falling down her cheeks at her harsh words that she had just yelled at him. \"She doesn't want to go Mississippi,\" he answered honestly. \"Oh,\" Django replied as he looked away from the man that had freed him to the woman that had killed the harassing drunkard in Nacogdoches. \"She's just scared,\" Schultz admitted with a shrug of his shoulders, \"She doesn't like to show it, but that's all it is. Don't take her harsh words to heart, Django.\" \"So you really gonna let 'em hang 'er,\" Django asked as he turned back to Schultz to await his answer. He watched as Schultz smiled and chuckled as he placed his index finger against his lips. \"No,\" he whispered, \"But she doesn't know that.\" ... The thundering of horse hooves pounded upon the hard ground rattled through the darkening woods. Birds flew from their sleeping stance upon their perches as hoots and hollers rampaged through the piney wood forest like banshees in the night. Boyd McCoy and his gang made out of his young family members rushed through the pine woods of East Texas. Their torches lit their way through the forest as they prepared for their raid on the Indian camp where Mad Jack Hatfield was being sheltered. Young Indian men hurried out of their small houses with guns in hand as the gang trampled through their camp. McCoy men shot at every man that lifted their rifle before they even knew that they had had a gun pointed at their temples. The crying of babies, wives, and young children could be heard throughout the black darkness of night from the slaughter that had come through the forest like demons emerging from Hell ushering in the Apocalypse. Boyd glared as he glared at the large fires the burned from the roofs of the houses around him. Gun fire blew back and forth and blood shot from arteries in every direction. \"WHERE IS MAD JACK HATFIELD,\" he screamed over the bloodcurdling screams of the dying Indians, regardless of sex or age. \"I WANT MAD JACK HATFIELD,\" Boyd screamed in a bloody rage as he kicked his horse forward once again in search of the woman that had killed his family members in the most heinous of ways. \"I got one,\" a large beer bellied cousin, Jebediah, announced loudly as he held a tall, sharp nosed Indian man in his arms at gun point as he jerked the man out of the burning house, \"Tommy's got another.\" Boyd watched as Tommy pulled out a young girl, his hands wrapped tightly around her long black locks as he pulled her out of the burning house. Tears fell from the girl's eyes as she watched the older man being held at gunpoint. \"Bali,\" the girl cried as she listened to the cocking of the gun as Boyd glared down at her brother. \"You hear all that,\" Boyd asked as he motioned to the screams that were soon coming to an abrupt end as the last few of the women and children were murdered in cold blood, \"This is all 'cause of that outlaw you is harborin'. Now, I'll let you and the girl live if you let us have her?\" Bali did not answer the man. \"I don't think he speaks English,\" Tommy answered as he held on tightly to the young girl in front of him. Fear and self-hatred bubbled inside of him as he listened to the little girl's painful whimpers. \"JACK HATFIELD,\" Boyd screamed and drew his pistol. Bali closed his eyes, awaiting the death that had befallen the others in his tribe. His little sister's piercing sobs filled the stiff, blood filled night as Boyd held his pistol in front of him in anger. \"WHERE IS SHE?!\" Bali did not answer. \"Alright then, I was going to spare the girl, but I'll just kill her too,\" Boyd announced with harsh eyes and pointed his gun toward the girl. He closed one eye and focused his aim at the girl's throat, a harsh death, the same death that his brother had received from Jack. His finger caressed the trigger as he ignored Tommy's protests of killing the young girl. \"No,\" Bali screamed as he watched Boyd's finger squeeze the trigger lightly, \"MISSISSIPPI!\" Boyd dropped the gun from its target and turned to look down on the crying man that was being held against his will in the arms of his beer bellied, illiterate cousin. \"When,\" he hissed in anger, \"How far have they gotten?\" Bali looked over to his crying sister, she was shaking in fear. Her clothes were soaked from urine as she looked up at him with sad eyes. \"WHEN?!\" Boyd pointed the gun back at the young girl. \"Sunrise,\" Bali cried as a sob escaped him. He had lost everything and had betrayed his old friend. He had never thought that she was being chased by someone that had been so bloodthirsty. \"Boyd,\" Tommy announced, \"You know that they could be in the next state now! Who knows where they are hidin' now!\" Boyd bit at his tongue as he glared down at Bali in anger. Rage bubbled inside of him at the thought of Jack already slipping so far out of his clutches. He raised his gun and pointed at Bali and shook his head. \"Boyd,\" Tommy announced, trying to be the voice of reason, \"Now he told you what you needed, you don't have to do-\" A shot rang out beside Tommy, causing a horrible ringing to enter his ears. The girl in his hands went limp in his grasp and fell to the hard ground. A large bloody lake quickly mixed with the browning grass below small dead body. The screams from the large Indian man were deafened by the ring as he watched Boyd raise his gun and shoot the man in the throat, leaving the man to suffer just as his brother had suffered. Tommy felt a hard pang in his heart as he looked down at the dead girl that he had held in his arms. A perfectly rounded bullet hole sat perfectly upon her chubby cheeks. Sickness filled him as blood slowly fell from her dark skin and stained her clothes and hair. \"Saddle up,\" Boyd screamed as he kicked his horse away from the scene of his crime, \"We goin' to ride through the night.\" \"But the horses won't survive,\" a voice somewhere in the distance announced. \"Then we'll get new horses,\" Boyd screamed as he looked at Tommy who was still staring down at the dead girl with a look of sadness and regret upon his face. He kicked his horse toward him and shook his head. \"Get on your god damned horse,\" Boyd hissed to Tommy dangerously, \"Ain't no time for mournin' no savages. We've got to catch up to that lowdown murderin' cunt.\" Tommy looked up at him as the ringing in his ears desipitated. He felt anger bubble inside of him as he looked up to the murderous Boyd McCoy. \"This was wrong,\" Tommy informed him harshly. \"The way to Hell is a long road down,\" Boyd informed him bitterly, \"Now if you don't wanna be takin' this road with us,\" he shook his head in anger, \"to avenge what happened to Jack, then you can just stay behind. See how long you make it without your family to support you, Tommy McCoy. You won't be nothin', Now what you gonna do? Get on that god damned horse or stay looking at that dead squaw?\" Tommy looked away from his cousin and shook his head. \"What's your choice,\" Boyd hissed in anger. \"I'm a McCoy,\" Tommy hissed back as he walked away from his cousin and climbed atop his horse, \"But I am not okay with killin' innocent women and children.\" \"Noted,\" Boyd replied bitterly as he watched Tommy kick his horse forward and into the darkness to chase after a murderous gambler. Such a sad chapter huh? So will Jack and King make up? And Tommy? Poor Tommy :( What will happen when Jack finds out about Bali? Also, I'm planning the next chapter to be set with Big Daddy. So kind of a time jump next chapter :)[Chapter 12] Chapter 12: The Proposition Very little was said between Jack and King as they made their long trek through the Tennessee backwoods. She wasn't recognized as they had passed through countless small towns, mostly because the townspeople were too busy looking at Django riding valiantly upon his old stolen nag. They weren't focused on delivering her to Mississippi yet, they were focused on those damned Biddle Brothers. \"So where are the infamous Biddle Brothers,\" Jack asked, breaking the silence, as she rode up beside Schultz as they entered the mountain range where they would take refuge for the night. \"She speaks,\" he announced happily as he twirled his glorious mustache. He smiled as he watched the woman subtly roll her eyes at his teasing words. He watched as she looked slightly away from him to take in the sun setting slowly over the mountain range, casting a long shadow across the land as they moved up the rocky hill. \"I'm,\" she stopped as she turned to look back to him, his warn brown eyes melting her as she looked into his eyes, \"I'm sorry,\" she shook her head in embarrassment, \"for how I acted…I just,\" she closed her eyes, \"You don't have the slightest idea what lays in wait for me in Mississippi. I'm afraid, and I've never been afraid before.\" \"I understand,\" he announced as he watched her once hardened features soften at his soft words. \"I don't know why I'm afraid,\" she confided in a whisper as she looked up to Django who rode further ahead of them, giving them time to reconcile the storm that had brewed between them like a monster hurricane coming in from the sea for the last few weeks. \"I forgive you,\" Schultz said as he pulled back on the reigns, stopping Fritz in his tracks. He looked around him at the tall mountainous cliffs that surrounded them and smiled at her. \"This looks like a good place to rest for the night,\" he informed her with a smile as he watched her push out of her saddle. He watched as she forced her tired body forward, pulling Black Jack behind her. \"Ah Jack,\" Schultz found himself saying as he watched her slowly looking back at him, \"I'm sorry too.\" \"For what,\" she asked in slight confusion as she looked at the man in grey. He shrugged his shoulders and replied gently in his thick accent, \"For not being more understanding of your plight. You saved Django from that drunkard,\" he smiled at her and sighed loudly, \"I have a proposition for you.\" Jack lifted a brow as she ground tied her horse and sauntered to him with a large smile upon her face. She closed the space between them, just like back at Bali's camp, as she looked almost longingly into his eyes. \"And what sort of proposition do you have in mind,\" she asked with a coy smile as she allowed her eyes to unapologetically look him over with longing in her eyes. \"You help me catch the Biddle Brothers,\" he said as his one eyes trailed over her jawline, his heart beat just as it did when she was near him at the Indian camp, \"And I let you go.\" She blinked at her eyes at the generous proposition. She was taken aback by his words, she felt the want to kiss him bubble inside of her, but she resisted as she allowed a large, happy smile to devour her features. \"You'll just let me go,\" she asked with a smile. His proposition was almost too good to be true. \"All I have to do is help you?\" \"Yeah that's what I said,\" Schultz replied. \"No catch?\" He smiled at her words and patted her pale hands and replied, \"No catch, though I do hope you would stick around. Just for my benefit.\" \"And how do I benefit you, King?\" \"Well,\" he said softly, his eyes meeting her dark oceanic blues as he shrugged his shoulders, \"I know that you are alive if you are with us,\" he watched as her face brightened at his truthful words, \"And besides, like Django, I feel responsible for you. I mean, I did rip you from your bar in Texas.\" \"What about the money,\" she asked as she looked over to the leather saddle bag upon her saddle and then back to Schultz. He waved his hands in the air and replied nonchalantly, \"It's just money.\" She gave him a look of suspicion and shook her head, \"I wouldn't feel right-\" \"Your safety matters to me Jack,\" he whispered softly as he placed his warm hands upon her shoulders protectively, \"I gave you my word that I'd protect you, and that's what I'm going to do.\" Jack's breath caught in her throat as she watched him close the space between them and place a quick, warm kiss upon her forehead. She closed her eyes and let a sigh escape her at the touch of his lips against her dampening skin. She felt herself becoming lost in the aromatic smells that escaped his clothes as his wonderfully combed beard tickled her as he moved away from her. \"There, a kiss to show you my good intentions,\" he announced happily as he pulled away from her and continued on with taking care of his horse and setting up camp with Django before the sun went down. He left her alone to take in the now empty space that he had once stood in and the hot blush that crossed her cheeks from the feel of his soft lips upon her skin. She desperately wanted those lips to touch more of her as soon as they made contact with her. \"I've got to get a handle on this situation,\" she whispered as she hurried away from the dental carriage and toward Black Jack to groom him. Grooming the animal always helped in taking her mind off of the challenges in her life, and her strange, alarming feelings for the German bounty hunter were the most recent challenges in her life. ... Django ate the beans that King had bought from the town they had passed through recently as the fire burned in front of him, sending smoke all around the small camp that they had set up. He turned to see Schultz undressing in the far corner, taking great care of his grey suit. The man's red long johns could have been seen from miles if it wouldn't have been for the large cliffs that hid them from prying eyes or hiding snipers. Jack's newly cleaned clothes lay over the makeshift clothes line to dry in the hard air that billowed through the mountains. He heard a slight cursing from the dental carriage and smiled as he spied the bare white back of Jack as she changed into a clean simple white blouse. He looked at her back; it was free of scars from the overseer's whips, her pale white body did not hold any brands from any man. Broomhilda held several scars upon her dark hide from years of working in servitude. \"So what are you going to do with your newfound freedom,\" Schultz asked from afar, \"Once this mess with the Biddle Brothers is over with?\" Jack emerged from her place beside the carriage and sauntered over toward the fire beside Django. Her pistol hung loosely around her hips as her new, dark brown skirt billowed in the dusty wind that blew around them. She smiled at him as she sat down beside him and awaited his answer, seemingly interested in his future plans. Her eyes seemed to sparkle as she looked over to Schultz who was pulling his newly cleaned slacks over his red long johns and then back to him. \"Find my wife,\" Django answered as he looked over to Schultz and then to Jack, \"Buy her freedom.\" \"Married,\" Jack asked with a happy chuckle as she pulled a flask out of her skirt pockets. \"Django,\" Schultz announced happily as he pulled his suspenders over his freshly cleaned white shirt, \"I had no idea you were a married man. Do most slaves believe in marriage?\" Jack shook her head as she looked over to Schultz dressing. She took a large swig of whiskey and shook her head sadly, allowing Django one look of sympathy. \"Me and my wife do,\" he answered as he stuffed a spoonful of beans into his mouth, \"Old man Karuka didn't, that's why we run off.\" \"Slave marriages aren't seen as legal in the eyes of the law unfortunately,\" she informed the German that she kept her eyes glued on, \"It's a real shame. Jumping the broom is always great fun to watch.\" \"You've seen a slave marriage,\" Schultz asked as he walked over to the two group members as they say around the fire. She shrugged her shoulders and replied with a reminiscing smile, \"I grew up around slaves. I got my first whippin' from Daddy for tryin' to teach this little slave girl to read and write.\" Schultz looked over at her fondly as she talked about her past. He wanted as much information as she was willing to give him so he could piece together the enigma that was Jack Hatfield. \"Django,\" Jack announced as she poured her a bowl of beans and grabbed the newly polished three pronged fork, \"Where did your master sell you and your wife?\" \"Greenville,\" Django answered obediently as he watched a slight sparkle in her eyes as she looked him over. A smile grew upon her face at the name of the town. \"In Greenville,\" Schultz offered as he pulled the boiling coffee off of the fire and poured them each a hot cup, \"They should have some kind of record of sale.\" \"That's right,\" Jack announced happily as she held the warm cup closely to her, taking in the warmth that it offered her as the sun started to sink lower and lower of the mountain range and the wind become more bitingly cold, \"Auctions are notorious for keeping pristine records.\" \"Do you know when she was sold,\" Schultz asked as he sat on the other side of Django, \"Where she was from and you know her name,\" he poured himself a cup of coffee and placed the cup against his lips, \"What is her name?\" \"Broomhilda.\" Jack watched as Schultz pulled away from his warm cup of coffee and looked at Django with a strange sparkle in his eyes. \"What,\" Schultz asked once again as he looked at Django with curious eyes. \"Broom,\" Django said slowly in hopes that Schultz would understand, \"Hilda.\" \"Broomhilda,\" he asked once again, this time with more urgency. \"Uh hmm,\" Django answered as he sipped on the hot coffee. \"Were her owners German,\" Schultz asked quickly. A smile came across Jack's face as she looked at his curious face and his curious eyes. \"Yeah,\" Django answered, \"How you know? She wasn't born on the Karukan plantation. She was raised by a German mistress. She speak a lil German too.\" \"Your wife,\" he asked as he leaned over as curiosity and happiness bubbled inside of him. Jack couldn't help the smile that grew across her face as she looked at the German bounty hunter which she quickly hid behind the cup she drank from. \"When she was little her mistress taught her so she'd have someone to speak German with,\" Django informed him with a proud smile as he saw the interest on Schultz's face. \"Wait, wait, wait,\" Schultz said, causing an amused chuckle to escape Jack, \"Let me get this straight. Your wife is a German speaking slave named Broomhilda von Shaft?\" \"Yep.\" \"Well it is a small world after all,\" Jack announced with a chuckle as she walked away from the two and towards the clothes line to bring in her air freshened clothes. As she walked to the clothes line, she took a deep breath and allowed the fresh night mountain air fill her lungs. Her tense body seemed looser from the proposition that Schultz had given her. It seemed as if an immense weight had been lifted off of her back as she looked up to the stars that sparkled brightly down at her as if telling her everything was going to be alright. \"Of course,\" the silence around her was broken by the soft voice of Schultz who was walking toward her, helping her grab the clothes off of the clothes line, \"If for whatever reason we have to go to Mississippi, you will accompany us.\" \"What,\" she asked as she turned to him quickly, \"I can't-\" \"You can,\" he informed her with a smile as he folded her skirts over his arm as if they were a married couple helping each other with the chores, \"But I doubt that there is any reason that we shall need to enter Mississippi.\" So there you have it. Just a little filler chapter to get inside of Jack as a character. So we've gotten a little taste of her history. What do you think about that? And I know I said that we'd be meeting her family in this chapter, well I lied. Hopefully it will be in the next chapter. Reviews make my day.[Chapter 13] Chapter 13: Brittle Brothers Wow super long chapter for everyone today. Hope you enjoy :) Jack smiled as she looked through the beautiful dresses that lined the small store. Her hands lightly touched against the beautiful, colorful fabrics that would soon be touching against her skin. Her hand reached out to a beautiful pink and white gown that only the most sophisticated of Southern ladies wore. It would fit her tight, just the way it was supposed to, to give emphasis to a small waist and high, large, firm breasts. The fluffy skirts would work to hide her pistol inside the folds of the hidden pockets. The dress would lend her a girly air and hide her deadly nature, almost like a tiger in the Eastern world that she had been told about by travelling men when she was just a young girl, newly blossoming into womanhood. \"We'll be putting on an act,\" she overheard King telling Django as he sat lazily in a chair with his hat in lap, \"You both will be playing a character,\" he turned to look at Jack who now held the pink and white cotton gown in front of her with a large, proud smile; he couldn't help but smile back at her. Jack watched as Django grabbed an ugly brown top hat and placed it upon his head, turning to receive their feedback. She watched as Schultz gave a disapproving smile. She couldn't hold the bubbling giggle that was tugging at her insides as she looked at the men in front of her. \"No,\" Django asked. She allowed the giggle to escape her as she shook her head and said, \"That hat with them shoes? Really? It's a train wreck.\" \"But during the act,\" Schultz announced as Django and Jack continued to look through the clothes that surrounded them, \"you can never break character.\" \"Don't worry,\" Jack announced, \"I've played so many different parts in my life that sometimes I forget exactly who I am. You don't have to worry about me.\" Schultz looked over to her with a mixture of concern and amusement painted across his face. It surprised him at how much she was opening up to the both of them with saying so little. \"And your character will be that of the valet,\" he announced as he pointed to Django with a smile upon his face. Jack rolled her eyes at Schultz's chosen fancy words. \"What that is?\" \"What is that,\" Jack corrected, growing tired of his uneducated sentence structure. \"What is that,\" Django asked correctly as he looked away from Jack and back to Schultz. \"That's a fancy word for servant,\" he informed with a twirl of his hand. \"Valet,\" Django said, testing the newly learned word upon his tongue. \"And who am I to be characterizing today,\" Jack asked as she looked toward the German bounty hunter, \"Your love sick slave.\" \"Oh you,\" he chided happily as he pointed to her with a large amused smile upon his face, \"Close, but no. I have a fantastic role for you that I will enjoy seeing you play.\" \"And what is that,\" she asked crossing her arms across her chest and raising her brows questioningly. \"Mrs. King Schultz,\" he informed her happily as he grabbed a beautiful straw hat that was adorned with pink and white ribbon and placed it upon her head, \"Prettiest girl in all of the South,\" he bopped her lightly on the nose as he watched her roll her eyes, \"and the most deadly, but that can be our secret.\" ... Black Jack pawed at the ground as he was lurched forward by the dental carriage. Django and his nag rode ahead of the dental carriage while Jack and Schultz sat close together as they entered through a spectacularly beautiful white fence that led up to an immaculate white pillared Southern mansion that she had seen only once before. Her heart puttered at the pristine white pillars and stairs as slaves looked up at them and to Django with wonder. Her hat billowed slightly in the hot wind as the wagon bounced across the dirt road that led up to the house. King hooked his arm around hers as if he were the loving husband that couldn't bare to be away from his loving wife. She smiled at the soft touch of his well-worn hands upon her ivory white skin. \"I hope you have Django under control for all of this,\" she whispered to King as he brought the wagon to a stop and smiled up at the man in white that looked down upon them. He quickly questioned why Django rode upon a horse and Schultz was quick to take Django's side as he was a free man. \"Mr. Bennet,\" Schultz announced as he tapped Jack's hand lovingly, \"I am Dr. King Schultz. I've been led to believe that you are a gentleman and a businessman and it is for these attributes that my valet and I, and let's not forget my lovely new bride, that we've rode from Texas to Tennessee to parlay with you now.\" \"Speak English,\" she hissed softly in his ear, a happy smile pasted upon her face, \"They don't know what those words mean.\" \"I wish to purchase one of your nigger gals,\" Schultz announced as he looked at the colored women that stood below Mr. Bennet that stood at the top of the white stairs like a regal mayor of the small town. \"What for,\" he asked. \"Well my bride,\" he announced as he signaled to Jack who smiled as if she hadn't had a brain in her head, \"She needs more feminine company on our long trips and also young Django here needs a companion. I feel he may get jealous over my new found love.\" \"You tellin' me that you and your jimmy,\" Mr. Bennet asked as he looked suspiciously down at them, \"came all the way up here from Texas to purchase one of my nigga gals. No appointment, no nothin'.\" \"Well I'm afraid so,\" Schultz answered quickly. \"Well what if I was to say that I don't like you,\" Mr. Bennet asked, \"or your fancy pants nigger. And I wouldn't sell you tinker's dam. Now what you got to say about that?\" Jack cast her eyes upward and said in a regal manner with a Southern accent that was doused in venom, \"I'd say you wasn't a proper gentleman of the South, Mr. Bennet.\" Mr. Bennet looked at her with shock in his eyes from never being talked to that way by a white Southern woman before. \"Oh honey,\" Schultz announced as he patted Jack's hand, \"You must be nice to the man.\" \"I'm sorry darlin',\" she replied as she cast her eyes toward Schultz and away from the man in white, \"But rudeness is indescribably ugly to me.\" \"Oh I'm sure he didn't mean it Doodle,\" he replied softly as he placed a caring arm around her as she leaned into him as if she were a soft nerved young belle. \"Now Mr. Bennet,\" Schultz said as Jack leaned against him, \"if you are the businessman that I've been led to believe, I have five thousand things that I can say to change your mind.\" Jack peered upward as she listened to the soft beating of Schultz's heart. It sounded like a steady drum in her ear, a sound that she felt almost comforted by as she continued to lean against him. She felt herself wanting to be near that comforting sound for longer than was planned as the man in white straightened himself up and painted a large smile upon his face. \"Well come on here and get you somethin' cool to drink,\" Mr. Bennet announced happily, his words laced but nothing but false Southern charm, \"I'm sure your lovely little bride will enjoy the charms of my home.\" \"Come Doodle,\" Schultz beckoned with a cute pet name that he had started to call her as he helped her down from the carriage like a true Southern gentleman would. \"Thank you King,\" she whispered as she held on tightly to his hand as they walked to the large pearly white stairs. \"Oh maybe,\" Schultz announced as he pointed to Django who still sat upon his nag, \"you can provide one of your loveliest black creatures to escort young Django around your grounds.\" \"Oh that sounds like a divine idea,\" Jack announced, with a pure Mississippi accent, \"He hasn't been with his own kind in some time now,\" she leaned forward to Mr. Bennet and whispered, \"I think he's coming to think him a white man now with his new found freedoms. Can you imagine? The very idea of it.\" \"You don't agree with free slaves,\" Mr. Bennet asked as he looked at the lovely women dressed in the most feminine of cotton attire. \"Oh no,\" she answered as she looked around him, \"Our very way of life would be destroyed if you set all them niggers go. They'd ruin the entire country.\" Mr. Bennet chuckled at her answer and extended his arm to her which she quickly took as he whispered, \"I couldn't agree more with every word you just said, Mrs. Schultz.\" \"So how about it,\" Schultz asked. \"Well absolutely,\" Mr. Bennet answered as he looked down at his female slaves and yelled, \"Hey Patina.\" The female slave turned quickly from petting Fritz and said obediently, \"Yes sir Big Daddy?\" \"Uh,\" he announced as he pointed to Django and then looked to Schultz and asked, \"What's your jimmy's name again?\" \"Django,\" Jack and Schultz said in unison. \"Patina, suga,\" Mr. Bennet said, \"why don't you take Django and show him all the grounds 'round here and show him all the pretty stuff.\" \"As you please Big Daddy.\" \"Mr. Bennet,\" Schultz announced, \"I must remind you that Django is a free man. He cannot be treated like a slave. Within the bounds of good taste, he must be treated as an extension of myself.\" \"Understood Schultz,\" Bennet answered, \"Patina, suga, Django isn't a slave. Django is a free man, ya understand? You can't treat him like any of the other niggers around here cus he ain't like any of the other niggers around here. Ya got it?\" \"You want I should treat him like white folks?\" \"Oh good Lord,\" Jack whispered as she hid her face from second hand embarrassment. \"No,\" he answered quickly, \"That's not what I said.\" \"Then I don't know what you won't Big Daddy.\" \"Sweetheart,\" Jack said as she became irritated with this conversation, \"Treat him like an African prince. Ya know with nigger respect and what not.\" \"Yas mam,\" Patina answered as she turned away from the group. \"Thank ya suga,\" Bennet called after her as he looked down at the dark haired beauty beside him that had her arm linked around his. \"Come on in,\" Bennet announced as he walked inside of his house just as a house slave began to play the violin softly beside them. \"So how long you two been married,\" he asked as he removed his arm from Jack's and walked toward the liquor wall. Jack quickly looked over to Schultz for an answer; a worried smile crept upon her lips as she listened to the clinking of glass against glass and the pouring of amber liquid into the glasses. \"Two years,\" Schultz answered as he made his way toward Jack and placed his arm protectively around her waist, \"Best decision I ever made,\" he chuckled as he looked over to the man in white, \"I don't know how I ever convinced her to marry me.\" \"Really now,\" Bennet asked, \"Well you're a mighty lucky man. She seems like a fine lady.\" \"Why thank you,\" she answered for herself as she looked up to Schultz with a gleam in her eyes, \"I just can't wait until we are finally back home.\" \"Oh and where's that exactly,\" Bennet asked as he handed the couple a glass of whiskey each. \"Back to Texas,\" Schultz announced. \"We're thinkin' about startin' our own little cotton plantation,\" she informed him happily as she walked over to the large window that looked over all the land that 'Big Daddy' Bennet owned. She could see lay about slaves playing around under the trees instead of working as was their only lot in life to do. \"Really,\" Big Daddy asked, \"It's a lot more work than it looks. Slaves always runnin' away on ya. And what with that nigger country Haiti, it makes one worry about the idea of murderous raids happening within the nigger community.\" \"That's nothin' whips and bullets won't put an end to,\" Jack said coldly as she turned a dark eye toward the man in white who gave her a smile in return. \"So how about we talk business,\" Schultz asked as he took a sip of his own drink. \"One nigga gal for five thousand dollars,\" Big Daddy asked, \"I don't see why we can't come to a deal on that. Hell, you can have the pick of the litter. Ain't got much use for them nigga girls, they can't measure up to a jimmy.\" Big Daddy looked at the strange couple with a suspicious eye as his house slave continued to play the violin. \"I tell ya what,\" Big Daddy announced with a large, cunning smile upon his face, \"Your lady love looks awfully light on her feet, how 'bout a little dance before this deal is finished?\" \"Well uh,\" Schultz stuttered as he looked over to Jack who held a soft smile upon her face. Jack sat her glass down upon the windowsill and turned to Big Daddy and replied, \"I'd love a dance.\" She held her hands up waiting for Big Daddy to come forward, but he stayed in his own place, not moving on inch from where he stood. He smiled at her and then looked over to Schultz. \"I meant with your husband,\" Big Daddy informed her, \"You two have danced before, haven't ya?\" \"Well it's been an awfully long time since,\" Schultz replied as he walked toward Jack and placed his hand upon hers and his other hand against her waist were it teased of its own accord at her hips. \"Nonsense,\" Jack whispered with a smile as she closed the distance between the two of them. She closed her eyes as she smelled his aromatic scent and allowed him to pull her across the dance floor. Her free hand grabbed the ends of her white skirt as they glided as if they were on puffy white clouds in the sky across the polished wood floors. Schultz looked into the darkest blue eyes that he had ever seen in his life and saw a sparkle that he had always dreamed of seeing in a woman's eyes that he held in his arms. Sure, he'd been with other women, but he'd never seen the sparkle in the eye, the quick witted words, or even the way that she understood the nature of things in this world. He found himself becoming completely entrapped in her eyes as they danced together in the large white house that they were strangers in. He felt a sudden sense of the world disappearing as he listened to a laugh escape her crimson lips and he felt a jolly chuckle escape him as he listened to her joyous chuckles. She giggled as the house slave quickened the song and they moved in quick unison together to the new tempo, their feet never once stepping upon the other as their movements became more pronounced and elaborate, circling in the most unique fashion that was known from the waltz, but with their own sense of style added into the dance to make it truly their own. It was as if they were made to dance together. Her giggles turned to uproarious laughter as she dropped the end of her skirt and wrapped her arms around his neck as they spun together. She placed her nose against his ear as her laughter slowly turned to soft chuckles as he wrapped his arms tightly around her back as they ended their funny little spin. Big Daddy clapped as the married couple came to a stop. Their arms quickly untwined from each other's bodies as they turned to look at the man in white, after momentarily getting lost in a world of their own. \"Congratulations Dr. Schultz,\" Big Daddy announced as he clapped loudly, \"You have found a lady that truly loves-\" Shots pierced through the house, interrupting Big Daddy's words. \"Shit,\" Jack hissed under her voice and shoved Schultz forward, \"Go get him!\" \"What's going on,\" Big Daddy asked as he hurried after King, but was quickly stopped by Jack's strong arm. \"Mr. Bennet,\" she announced as she looked up at him with batting lashes, \"I'd love to see the rest of your spectacular house. Maybe the kitchen?\" Another shot rang out and screams from a slave girl erupted through the house once again. Big Daddy jerked away from her and grabbed his rifle, his family members hurrying after him with their own guns in hand, acting is if a war was starting in their own yard. She hurried down the stairs, stopping quickly to look towards the back yard of the plantation where the Bennet family and other overseers were hurrying toward. \"God damn it Django,\" she hissed as she rushed down the stairs and pulled herself into the dental carriage. She whipped Fritz hard on the rump and forced him forward with Black Jack following behind. As she drove the carriage, she watched as Schultz raised his gun and shot a man on horseback running through the cotton field. She felt adrenaline fill her body as she watched red, hot blood splatter across the white cotton. Sudden, dangerous lust filled her loins as she watched him with the gun, the first time that she had ever seen him shoot. She had to admit, he was a devil with a gun. She pulled forward, placing the carriage slightly in front of the oncoming weaponized family as Schultz and Big Daddy exchanged words about the Brittle Brothers. She watched as Big Daddy held his gun with deadly intent toward Django and Schultz. A mad sense of anger moved through her body at the silent threat and she jerked her pistol from its hiding place and pointed it toward Big Daddy. \"I suggest that if you don't want you and yours filled with bullets,\" she hissed with a steady hand and dark intentions, \"by Mad Jack Hatfield then you put your guns away.\" She heard the whispers of her name move throughout the small horde as she held her pistol at them. \"She's the quickest gun in the South,\" a loud whisper announced for all to hear. She smiled at the sentiment, but held the pistol firm as Schultz continued on with his lecture of how he worked for the United States. She listened to Schultz talk about if they tried to use deadly force against them and his words of hanging caused another surge of unmistakable fiery lust move threw her body once again. \"Get off my land,\" Big Daddy Bennet hissed as he glared at Schultz. \"Post haste,\" Schultz announced happily as he placed the warrant back into his pocket and turned to Django, \"Load up the bodies as quickly as you can and let's get out of here.\" She moved slightly over as he climbed up onto the dental carriage beside her and allowed her to drive forward. \"Let's get the fuck out of Tennessee,\" she hissed in his ear as she shot a glare over to Big Daddy Bennet, who held a dark gleam in his eyes, the same gleam that Jack held in her eyes when she was planning someone's death. ... The small group hurried back to a clearing just a few miles away from the Bennet plantation. Jack felt a mixture of rage and passion fueling through her veins as Fritz hurried forward and Django followed behind. \"He could have gotten us killed,\" she hissed as she turned to Schultz, rage sparkled in her dark eyes. \"But he didn't,\" Schultz answered, \"He got the Brittle Brothers for me.\" \"I don't care,\" she hissed in anger, \"He put us all in danger. If you don't put him in his place, then I will.\" \"His place,\" Schultz asked in confusion. She rolled her eyes as she quickly pulled on the reins and stopped Fritz. Rage bubbled inside of her as she jumped off of the wagon, ripping the ends of her white skirt as she did so. She tripped slightly as she hurried forward, but it didn't help to dissolve the anger that was running violently, rampantly, through her veins, filling each cell in her body with extreme rage. She hurried toward Django and looked up at him. Her eyes sparkled as her anger boiled over as she looked up at the freed slave. \"Get off your horse,\" she demanded. \"Jack,\" Schultz hissed. \"Why,\" Django asked. Her anger boiled over at his question, his outright refusal to listen to her demand. Red covered her eyes as she felt her body moving on its own. Her fingers dug into Django's bright blue clothes as she ripped him off of his horse and threw him to the ground. She watched as he fell on his stomach and laid there for a moment as he tried to regain the wind in him. \"When I tell you to do somethin' you fucking do it,\" she hissed as she lost all control of her emotions. She felt her foot lift from the ground and push him onto his back. The want to beat him mercilessly crossed her mind, but what little of her calm self-remained told her to not physically harm him. \"You almost killed us,\" she screamed as she glared down at him as she watched him look up at her with anger in his eyes. She watched as his hands reached for his gun on his belt, but she quickly beat him. She clicked her gun back and pointed it right at his head. \"Don't think that you are not worth the bullet Django,\" she screamed as the rage slowly started to fade away from her, \"Do not ever, EVER, think that I won't think twice about killing either of you!\" \"Jacqueline,\" Schultz screamed as he hurried over to her side in hopes of calming her down. \"Get away from me King,\" she warned, \"I will shoot him right between the eyes if you come a step closer.\" King placed his hand upon the butt of his own pistol. If he would have to use it then he would, even though he did not want to. He could incapacitate her, if he were a better shot he could shot the gun out of her hand, but the feat was almost impossible without someone losing a finger. \"I'm sorry,\" Django whispered through deep breaths. Jack took a deep breath as she glared down at him, her heart beating erratically as she glared down at him. She backed away slightly but kept her gun focused on him. \"Do not ever think you are safe around me,\" she warned him dangerously, \"If you ever threaten my life again, I will not think twice. Do you understand me?\" Django nodded. \"Say it,\" she demanded harshly. \"I understand.\" \"Good,\" she hissed and then shot her pistol with a wicked smile upon her face as blood splattered onto the white and pink of her skirts. She smiled as she watched Django's hands move over himself quickly in an attempt to make sure all of his body parts were intact. She chuckled as she leaned over and picked up the dead body of the rattlesnake that lay beside him and showed it to him. \"I saved your life,\" she informed him as she put her gun back in its proper hiding place, \"Again.\" Django's eyes went wide as he saw her hold the five foot rattler over him, the head lay beside him, still moving from nerves. A sign escaped Schultz as he watched Jack walk away from the both of them. \"They are going to come after us,\" he announced as he turned to Jack who was placing the dead snake upon the wagon and then walking to untie Black Jack. \"I know,\" she answered, \"We need to get the horses far away from here.\" ... The day turned into the darkest night with no moon to give any sliver of light as the small group headed for the woods just above the clearing. Schultz filled the tooth above the carriage with dynamite. \"They're coming,\" Jack whispered as she looked off into the distance. She could see them from where she sat perched upon the tree, \"There's about twenty, thirty, I can't really tell.\" The sounds of horse stomping filled the night air as the hooded men from the Bennet plantation hurried forward. They quickly surrounded the dental carriage in search of Django and Schultz to torture and do who knows what to Jack. She turned to Schultz and watched as he pointed his gun, she felt that strange familiar passion bubble inside of her as she watched him shoot the tooth with perfect accuracy. \"Woah,\" Django screamed as the carriage went up in flames, tossing men from their horses. Jack chuckled as most of the hooded men hurried away from the scene on their horses, yanking the white bags off of their head as they ran away. \"Bull's eye,\" Schultz announced happily as he looked over to Django and to Jack who was looking at him with a look that he could not quite comprehend. \"Look at 'em run,\" Django announced as he watched in astonished amusement. \"Cowards tend to do that,\" Schultz said as he reloaded his rifle and pointed it toward Big Daddy Bennet who was trying to get his large white stallion under control. Jack smiled as she watched Schultz look over to Django and ask as he handed over the rifle to him, \"Would you care to?\" Jack watched as Django aligned his sights and followed Big Daddy as he finally got atop his horse and hurried away from the scene of the explosion. \"He's getting away,\" Schultz whispered. \"I got him.\" \"Big Daddy's getting away.\" \"I got him.\" Jack watched as the bullet escaped the long rifle and pierced through the night air, stopping when the bullet found its target inside Big Daddy Bennet's brain pan. She watched as blood spewed out from the wound and stained the white hair of his horse that kept running. Schultz looked over to Jack to see her smiling and said to her, \"The kid's a natural.\" \"Not yet,\" she informed him, \"But with practice and time, he can be.\" \"Oh,\" Schultz asked, \"Is that an offer to stay?\" She looked at him with a bright smile and shrugged her shoulders, \"I was thinking that we could go up in the mountains during the winter. It'd be a gold mine for a bounty hunter like you.\" She crawled down the tree and smiled as she looked up at him, watching him climb carefully down the tree. \"We need to get back to our camp,\" she informed him as she looked toward the hill, \"They may come back.\" \"That's an excellent idea, Jacqueline,\" he informed her with a smile, \"Django,\" he announced as he looked up in the tree, \"We're going back to the mountains for the night.\" ... Jack sat beside the high fire with a blanket wrapped tightly around her. The cotton dress that she had worn throughout the day was doing nothing to fight against the bitingly harsh wind that cut through the cliffs. Django sat in the corner eating on a can of beans with his own blanket wrapped around him. She watched as Schultz made his way towards them with a large smile upon his face as he sat beside her. \"So how'd you know Broomhilda was German,\" Django asked. Jack looked over to Schultz, interested in his answer. \"Broomhilda is a German name,\" he informed Django, \"If they named her, it stands to reason that they'd be German.\" \"Lots of gals where you from named Broomhilda,\" Django asked as he poked at his food. \"Broomhilda is the name of a character in the most popular of all the German legends,\" he answered as he looked down at his food and then to Jack who was not eating anything, \"You aren't hungry?\" \"No,\" she answered and shook her head. \"There's plenty.\" \"I'm fine,\" she answered, \"Thank you though.\" \"There's a story about Broomhilda,\" Django asked. \"Well yes there is,\" he answered and looked over to Jack with a worried glance at the fact that she wasn't eating. Django placed his plate upon the ground and walked over to the both of them. Jack smiled up at him as he sat down in front of them, looking up at Schultz like he was a young school child wanting to learn the history of the world. \"Do you know it?\" \"Every German knows that story,\" Schultz informed him with a smile and watched as Django looked at him with almost childlike curiosity in his eyes, \"Would you like me to tell it?\" Django shook his head as he sat cross-legged upon the ground. \"I'd like to hear it too,\" Jack whispered, \"From what I've heard about Django's Broomhilda, it will take a Nubian queen to beat her beauty.\" \"Well Broomhilda was a princess,\" Schultz told, he smiled as he watched Jack place her hand under her chin and listen to him with full attention upon him, \"She was the daughter of the God of all Gods. Anyway, her father is really mad at her.\" \"What she do?\" \"I can't exactly remember, she disobeys him in some way,\" Schultz informed him. Jack turned away from Schultz and looked to the ground. This movement caught Schultz's attention immediately which alerted him to the fact that Jacqueline Hatfield and Mr. Hatfield were most likely at each other's throats. It made him wonder if that was the reason why she did not want to go back to Mississippi. \"So he puts her on top of a mountain,\" he continues on with the story. \"Broomhilda's on a mountain?\" \"It's a German legend, there's always going to be a mountain in there somewhere,\" he replied with a chuckle, his eyes moved to Jack who was now looking at him once again with full attention, attention that he enjoyed having, \"And he puts a fire breathing dragon there to guard the mountain and he surrounds her in a circle of Hell fire. There Broomhilda shall remain, unless a hero arises brave enough to save her.\" \"Does the fella arise?\" \"Yes, Django,\" he answered with another amused chuckle at Django's wonder, \"In fact he does. A fellow named Siegfried.\" \"Does Siegfried save her?\" \"Quite spectacularly so,\" he answered happily, \"He scales the mountain because he's not afraid of it. He slays the dragon because he's not afraid of it. And he walks through Hell fire because Broomhilda is worth it.\" Jack smiled at his words, but shivered as a chill moved through her pale body. \"I know how he feel,\" Django admitted. \"I think I'm just starting to realize that,\" Schultz admitted. Jack pulled herself from her sitting stature and pulled the blanket tighter around her body as she walked away from them. She sighed as the harsh wind blow through her long hair. She walked to the side of the cliff and overlooked the mountain range that surrounded them. As she stood there, underneath the stars, she truly felt like a little person. A person that had betrayed her father, lost her sister, and become a wanted outlaw. \"What happened,\" she asked as she looked up to the stars as if they would give her the answers that she so desperately needed. She stood there alone, ignoring the voices of Django and Schultz as she just took the moment of peace and quiet. She shivered violently, but she wanted to be alone for just a little while longer. \"Jack,\" she heard the accented voice of Schultz whisper from behind her. \"Hey,\" she replied softly as she turned to look up at him as he walked toward her with a soft smile upon his face. \"Are you,\" he stopped as he looked over at her, taking in her pallid skin that shivered in the cold, \"Are you okay?\" \"No,\" she said, forcing a smile upon her face, \"I'm fine. I just,\" she stopped and shook her head, \"I've had a lot,\" she paused again, \"A helluva lot of things on my mind here lately.\" She turned to him and smiled, but another shiver racked through her body as she looked him over. \"Here,\" he announced as he pulled his own coat off and placed it around her shoulders in an attempt to keep her warm while ignoring his own need for warmth. \"No,\" she whispered as she looked at him, her dark eyes staring deeply into his, \"I-I-I\" She felt her body move forward, her fingers grasping at his dark grey vest in an attempt to pull him closer toward her. Her lips stopped just above his, stopping herself from doing something that she may regret. \"If you want to kiss me,\" she whispered as her nose snuggled against his own, \"Then do it now before it's too late.\" He closed the small space between them as the thoughts of her gleaming eyes during the dance at the Bennet mansion danced through his mind. His lips lightly moved along with hers at first before slowly becoming more and more intimate. He wrapped his arms around her, his fingers absently curling into her long dark hair while her hands played at the curls of his neck. He could hear her heart quicken as they stood so close to each other. There was nothing vulgar about the kiss. It was a kiss that was a long time coming. A kiss that was filled with restrained want that made up their lives. A perfect kiss between and outlaw and a bounty hunter, the forbidden fruit of their lives. She pulled away with a large smile upon her face as her hand moved to his jawline, touching his wonderful beard. She moved close to him once again and placed another soft kiss upon his lips as she leaned against him, taking comfort in the warmth that radiated from him. \"Django,\" Schultz said as he grabbed her wrists softly and looked into her glimmering dark blue eyes, \"Django, has agreed to bounty hunt in the mountains with me until the snow thaws.\" She smiled at him and nodded as she forced herself away from him. Her body ached to be near him, but she had to be stronger than her passions. \"Where are you going,\" he asked as he watched her slowly walk away from him. \"I'm uh,\" she stopped and turned to him, \"I'm really tired. It's a job pretending to be your wife.\" How about that? What a long chapter! What was your favorite part?[Chapter 14] Chapter 14: Family Matters Winter had arrived and the snow had fallen and had yet to melt away. The trio had become closer in their time together in the mountains. Small kisses were stolen between Schultz and Jack, but nothing was ever said about them. Everything had become monotonous and predictable as they had cut their way through the mountainous wilderness. The cold wind bit through each of them as if it were trying to rip them in half and expose their insides to the brutal cold that surrounded them. Jack held the heavy covers tightly around her as the wind blew across the small, simple tent that they had put up on the outskirts of the winter forest in hopes of keeping bears and wolves away from their campsite. She smiled as she heard Schultz and Django talking from outside of the tent. She pulled herself from her position and stood inside the tent with an arched back as she grabbed her newly fashioned coat made out of a wolf's pelt that they had brought down just before the bitter cold entered the scene, and pulled it protectively around her slim body. \"Ah her majesty awakes,\" Schultz announced happily as he turned to see her walking toward the fire were he had kept a large metal tin filled with fresh hot coffee just for her when she awoke. She chuckled at him as she poured her a cup of coffee and grabbed a few pieces of warm squirrel meat that Django had shot that morning for breakfast. She watched with a smile on her face as she watched the two men play around in the snow like they were young children home for a snow day. \"What are you two doing,\" she asked as she sat back and watched them roll three balls of snow into various sizes. \"Makin' a snowman,\" Django answered with a smile as he looked over to her and waved at the man sized tower of snow. \"It looks more snow than man,\" she said with a chuckle as she pulled herself from the warm morning fire and walked toward Black Jack who was tied to a dying tree along with Django's nag and Fritz. \"Wha' she doin',\" Django asked as he turned his attentions to Schultz who was watching the woman that stole kisses from him every day since the fateful night that they had decided to team up to bring in outlaws for cash. \"You can't have a snowman without a face,\" she announced as she lifted the ends of her skirts as she carefully walked across the snowy ground. She quickly moved passed them, allowing a smile to come across her face as she snuck a quick look at Schultz in his matching coat made of wolf. They watched as she carefully placed black coals into the snowball to form a smirking face. She turned to them with a smile as the newly made snow man smiled at the happy trio. \"Now you have the great outlaw Mad Jessie Frost,\" she announced with a chuckle and a childlike clap of her hands as she turned to admire her masterpiece made out of pure white snow, \"Leader of the infamous Frost Bite Gang.\" \"King is gonna teach me how to shoot,\" Django informed her as he placed his hand upon his belt where his gun lay lazily against his hip. \"Oh,\" she announced with a coy smile, as the old familiar chill rolled over her body when she thought of the good dentist reaching for his gun and pulling the trigger, \"I guess it would make better sense if an actual outlaw taught you how to shoot.\" Jack looked at him and pointed at his pistol and demanded, \"Take your piece out, as shabby and old as it is it can still do major work on someone.\" Django did as he was told, rather slowly. Jack rolled her eyes and quickly grabbed hers and pointed at him. \"Bang,\" she yelled as she glared at him, \"You're dead before you even get your gun out. Now,\" she said as she twirled her pistol upon her finger and placed it quickly back in its place upon her hip, \"Try again. Keep practicin' until you can pull that thing out quicker than me, which let's face it,\" she chuckled, \"will be the day that I die.\" She watched with a keen eye as Django pulled his gun from its holster and shot at the snowman, hitting the poor inanimate creature where his stomach would be. \"Nice,\" she announced, \"Gut shot are almost always lethal,\" she smiled as she walked to where Django stood and whipped her gun out of her holster and shot faster than either Django or Schultz could. The bullet hastened through the cold winter air and found its resting place in what would have been the forehead of the snowman. \"But I shot in the head is always lethal,\" she stated with a chuckle as she twirled the pistol around her finger in a way that silently bragged about her gun slinging skills. \"You're fast,\" Django answered as he watched her walk away from him and walk up to Schultz as she put a comforting hand upon the bounty hunter's shoulder. \"I'd say the quickest gun in the South,\" Schultz replied with a proud tone as he looked down on her. \"No,\" she answered, \"I'll never be seen as the quickest…I'll just be seen as a strange occurrence. Women like me will never be seen as anything but a strange occurrence in a time dominated by men.\" Both men watched as she walked passed them with her head held high. Schultz watched as she stumbled slightly as she walked through the high snow deeper into the forest that surrounded them. \"Where are you going,\" he called after her, but received no answer in return. He shook his head as he watched Django continue to shoot at the poor snow man, each time his shots become more and more accurate. He couldn't help the proud smile that came over him as he watched the man that he had freed become an excellent shot. Pride, it had become an emotion that he was feeling quite a lot of, whether it was from something Jack said or did or something that Django learned or revealed. He had never felt such a swell of pride before. These two devils that traveled along with him seemed to bring out a different person in him. Django brought out the caring, sympathetic teacher within him. Jack, well she brought feelings that he had never felt before, feelings of immense want and need with a mixture of confusion with each glance she gave him. She made his heart beat quickly and slow to an almost stop seemingly at the same time with just a smile on her face. She didn't even have to say a word to him and he was lost within her dark blue eyes. Her personality was something that seemed raw, almost tangible. Even though she denied it, she was the living embodiment of the times that they were living in. \"Whoohoo,\" Django announced happily as he destroyed the snowman with each flying bullet, he effectively pulled Schultz from his musings. \"How 'bout that,\" Django asked happily as he looked over his work. \"Well,\" Schultz said with a smile as he observed the destroyed snowman that they had spent a good while building, \"You successfully killed the snowman. Congratulations.\" ... Jack stripped off her clothes as she stood at the edge of the still, deep, warm spring. A shiver ran through her body that sent chills all over her naked body as she quickly pushed herself into the luke warm water where she could get the filth of a day's ride and the gun powder that had stained her body from the previous day's successful bounty excursions. She moved through the deep water quickly, allowing her body to become accustom to the cool water as she moved around in the deep water alone. She laid her head back slightly in the water, allowing her dark hair to become soaked which caused the sweat and dirt to escape her long hairs. Thoughts of King Schultz found its way into her mind as she bathed alone in the serene spring as the harsh winter wind blew through the tall trees around her causing the few leaves to remain to bustle in the winter air. She smiled as she thought of the man that she had kissed on occasions. She had never thought of ever trusting her life with a bounty hunter, the kind of person that was sworn by the United States government to bring outlaws like her in dead or alive, but here she was, nonetheless, traveling with her kind's sworn enemy. To make the idea, even more silly, she trusted him and had found herself thinking more and more about him as the days passed on. She couldn't go for a day's ride alone without thinking of him, or spend a peaceful night sleeping without him prancing through her dreams. There was something that she trusted within him. Something that made her almost weak in the knees. She couldn't quite explain the feelings that she had for the man, but there was no doubt that there was some kind of strange feelings lurking, scratching at her heart like a wild raccoon scratching at the backdoor for scraps. A chuckle escaped her as she thought about all the times she gazed into his eyes. There was a truth inside of his eyes that promised her that he would never leave her, that he would indeed protect her from the sadistic monsters that lurked in Mississippi. She enjoyed hearing him speak. He stuck to his morals. He did not believe in killing the weak, only the ones that deserved to die for doing unjustly things in this world. He stuck to his morals like no one else she had ever met before. There weren't very many men that were wholeheartedly good like King Schultz was. What bounty hunter would protect a notorious outlaw? What white man would buy a slave just to set him free afterwards? There wasn't any other man that she had ever met that answered both questions in his actions. He was indeed a good man with a big heart and something inside of her wanted to know if she could ever have a place in his heart. \"It's silly,\" she whispered to herself as she swam slowly back towards the bank of the spring. She knew in her mind that a bounty hunter and an outlaw with a happy trigger finger could never become more than respectful enemies. She knew that if the time ever did come that either he or she would show their real colors and destroy the other, it was just a matter of when, but there was never any harm in enjoying your enemy's company, even for just a little while. Jack quickly pulled her old, heavy, faded clothes back onto her newly washed body. She quickly pulled on her heavy fur coat as a harsh wind blew around her. A snap came from somewhere in the forest around her and she quickly pulled her gun from its holster and held it threateningly in front of her as she stood silently awaiting for any other noise to escape from the woods around her. \"King,\" she announced as she looked with sharp eyes, \"Django.\" \"Not exactly,\" she heard a familiar voice from her past announce from behind a large, round tree. \"Show yourself,\" she demanded as she pulled the pin all the back on her pistol and watched as slight anger filled her at the thought of almost being ambushed while she was bathing. \"Alright, alright,\" the male voice announced and emerged from his hiding place with his pistol pointed toward the ground to show that he meant her no harm. Jack watched the tall, lanky man stumble out of his hiding spot and she held her gun higher as she instantly remembered the familiar face of Tommy McCoy, an old childhood friend that happened to be related to Jack McCoy. \"Where's the others,\" she hissed as her eyes slowly moved away from him and examined the surrounding forest around her in hopes of finding the rest of the McCoy clan hiding in wait to shoot her in the back like the cowards that they were. \"They aren't here,\" Tommy answered, \"Here, I'll put my gun on the ground,\" he lowered his gun to the hard ground as he watched her carefully, \"I ain't gonna hurt you. I just came to warn you.\" \"Warn me about what,\" she hissed in anger as she kept her pistol trained on him, right between the eyes were a single shot would end his little life. \"Boyd,\" he informed her with a shake of his head, his words were quick and fueled by fear, \"He ain't right in the head. Not since you gone and murdered Bobby, he's gone crazy with anger. He's done killed two cousins for wantin' to leave and another one died from the cold and was eaten by the wolves. He couldn't even give his own keen a proper burial. Just left him out in the cold.\" Jack's eyes furrowed as she looked at the young man in front of her as he told of the crazy leader of the McCoy family. \"He wants you dead, Jack,\" Tommy concluded, \"And he ain't stoppin' tell he sees your blood run.\" \"I didn't kill Bobby,\" she admitted quickly, \"I only killed Jack and that little shit cousin of yours that raped my little sister,\" she shrugged her shoulders, \"What is that term 'an eye for an eye'?\" \"I don't blame you for killin' them,\" Tommy informed her, \"But he is wilder than a Texas rattlesnake and he wants you dead.\" \"How'd Bobby die,\" she asked quickly as she glared at him with imposing eyes, her gun still aimed at him with deadly intention. \"He was dragged to death,\" Tommy answered, his Southern drawl was as clear as crystal, \"There was a letter that had the Hatfield name on it.\" \"He was dragged,\" she hissed as a course of anger ran through her. Her eyes shifted quickly away from Tommy and to the ground as she allowed that information to process, \"That son of a bitch is followin' me!\" \"You ain't gonna kill me too are ya Jack,\" he asked as he looked at her with pleading eyes, \"I ain't got nothin' to do with what happened to that Indian friend of yours, I didn't want-\" Her head snapped upwards at Tommy McCoy's words as she hurried forward as her rage moved her forward. \"What are you doing,\" he asked as he watched as Jack's pistol touched his forehead. \"Get on your knees right now,\" she hissed dangerously as her eyes sparkled with nothing but rage as she looked down at him. He quickly did as he said and looked up at her with a pleading look in his eyes, though he did not plead for his life as he looked down the barrel of her pistol. \"What did he do to the Indians,\" she hissed as she glared down at him. \"He,\" Tommy started, \"He burnt down every house, and made everyone kill the Indians.\" \"All of them?!\" \"All of them,\" he cried, \"Women and children too. I haven't been able to sleep peacefully without that poor little Indian girl's cries hauntin' me like a demon ghost.\" \"You son of a bitch,\" she hissed in anger as she readied to shot him in the head and end his pathetic McCoy life. \"No, no, no,\" he begged, \"I didn't do any of it! I tried to stop him. Please. You know me, Jacqueline! We went to school together. Me and your older brother used to read George Lippard and George Thompson in the barn while doing chores, you know me, Jack. I ain't part of this. I want out.\" She glared down up at him as he begged her not to kill him. She removed the pistol from his forehead and placed it back into her holster. \"Get up! You aren't worth the price of a bullet,\" she demanded in a hiss as the rage that originally fueled her assault quickly faded away, \"You go back and act like you did not see me. You got that?\" \"Yes mam,\" he answered quickly. \"I'll take care of Boyd McCoy,\" she informed him, \"And if I find out that you tell him about this, don't think I won't hesitate to waste a bullet on you, whether you are an old schoolmate or not. You understand Tommy?\" \"Yes,\" he cried as he pushed himself to his feet and thanked her over and over again. \"No get out of here,\" she hissed as she glared at him. \"I don't want to see your face ever again.\" She watched as he hurried away from her as adrenaline raced through his body. She watched as he stumbled on his way through the barren woods that surrounded them to where he had hidden his horse. Her eyes burned at the information that Tommy McCoy had relayed to her. Wahl was after her, he was probably watching her from somewhere high with a rifle pointed right at her head. She shook her head in anger as she hurried back towards the two men that she had left alone. She knew that they needed to hurry and get out of this place as quickly as possible if Wahl was after her, they couldn't stand a chance against him, even if it were three on one. \"We need to go,\" she screamed as she hurried toward Black Jack and pulled herself onto the saddle. She pulled him away from the other horses and glared down at Schultz who was looking at her with confusion on his face. \"What,\" Django asked. \"Get on your god damned horses and let's go,\" she hissed as she turned away from them. \"We have to get-\" \"No,\" she screamed as fear coursed through her veins. Schultz could see the fear in her eyes, a fear that he had only seen on occasion. He quickly looked around them, something had obviously scared her. \"Forget the supplies we have to go-\" \"Well look at who we have here,\" a familiar voice announced from behind her. The horse that the man rode on pawed at the ground and snorted as they approached closely to Jack and Black Jack. The two horses snorted at each other as they touched noses in a fashion that seemed to be a long lost hug of friendship. Schultz drew his gun quickly and pointed at the man that had a gun pointed at Jack's skull. He watched as she took a deep breath and rolled her eyes. She turned to see the bearded man wearing a large bear skinned coat and a black hat placed slightly upon his greying head. \"Can people please stop pointing guns at the back of my head,\" she announced as she slapped the long rifle away from her head and turned to look at the man that had finally captured her. \"Now little sister,\" the man announced, feigning sadness, \"Is that anyway to greet your dear uncle? I've been lookin' for you and your sister for quite some time.\" \"I'm not going back Uncle Wahl,\" she hissed and then turned to look at Schultz with a pained expression that painted her sharp features. \"Yes,\" he stated harshly, \"You are.\" \"I'm not leaving them out here alone,\" she informed her uncle, \"The McCoys are after me…and they know that they are helpin' me. I won't leave them out here to fight my mess when Boyd McCoy and the others show up.\" Wahl smiled at his young niece and then looked over to Schultz and Django with a welcoming smile and said, \"Of course they can come. Any man that didn't kill you in your sleep is welcome in a Hatfield home.\" She shook her head at his words. \"Your daddy has been waitin' to get you back,\" he informed her with a smile as he turned his horse around. Jack turned her head toward Schultz and shook her head in annoyance as he looked at her with slight confusion on his face. \"Get your things together,\" she demanded of the bounty hunter and the freed slave as a sarcastic grin crossed her features, \"You all are coming to my house.\" So we are going to meet the Hatfield clan in the next chapter? *Also, the books that Tommy were referring to was actually pornography from the 1840s and 1850s, so a hahahaha moment for anyone that knows the culture of the mid 1800s :) So what is going to happen now? Is Jack and King's relationship to ultimately fail because of who they are and what they have chosen to be in their lives? Will King learn more about Jack in this new familial setting? Review and tell me everything that you are thinking please. I love long reviews :)[Chapter 15] Chapter 15: Meet the Parents Wahl Hatfield rode ahead of the original trio that he had escorted of the cold mountains. He hummed a tune as he sat atop Altivo, who almost sashayed across the macadam paved road with his head held high. He turned to look at his niece who rode beside the German bounty hunter that had kept her safe through their travels from Texas to Tennessee. He had to be grateful that at least someone else had looked over her and watched her back. Her hair had curled and frizzed slightly as they had moved out of the cold mountain air and into the cold, brisk forested area just outside of Mississippi where the Hatfield family laid claim to hundreds of acres of timber country. His niece held a painting of immense annoyance upon her sharp features each time he turned to look back at him, allowing him to see just how annoyed she was with him for retrieving her and bringing her back home to her family. \"Dr. King, is it,\" he asked as he moved his attentions from his young niece and to the German bounty hunter with the magnificent beard. \"Yes,\" Schultz answered as he twirled his mustache lightly as Fritz carried him forward. \"I want to thank you,\" Wahl said with a smile on his face as he turned to look forward, \"for taking good care of my niece. I'm sure she can be a livewire, hell, every Hatfield is.\" Schultz smiled at the man in front of him. True he had been taken off guard by the sudden appearance of the mysterious man that had been following them, had made him uneasy and worried for Jack's safety, but he could see now that the man meant her no harm. He was just simply being the caring uncle that had wanted to bring his relations back home. \"It was no problem at all,\" he answered with a shrug of his shoulders and quickly turned to look at Jack with a devious smile upon his handsome, bearded face as he added with a chuckle, \"In fact, she was quite the charming little devil.\" Jack rolled her eyes as she held the reins in her hand tightly, keeping the slight anger that was boiling inside of her at a fair temperature. \"Was Daddy mad,\" she asked quickly as her eyes glared daggers into her uncle's back. \"Well,\" Wahl announced with a deep chuckle that resonated from deep inside his chest, \"He wasn't happy.\" \"You know I had to do it,\" she informed him quickly, \"I couldn't let that-\" \"Oh I understand perfectly,\" Wahl answered as whistles from nearby hiding places erupted from around them, signaling to them that they had finally arrived upon Hatfield land, \"But my brother is a stubborn ol' jackass with the hardest head I've ever seen on a man. He's pretty sore with you.\" Jack lowered her eyes as she felt Schultz's questioning eyes look her over. He would find out momentarily what exactly she had done and just what type of people she was bred from. Her heart beat faster as the sound of pounding hooves approached them. In the short distance ahead of them, she could see two men, her curious cousins, riding toward them with smiles pasted upon their faces as they quickly surrounded the two of them. \" 'Bout time you got home,\" a dark haired Dale Hatfield, at the age of twenty six, announced as he brought his palomino mare to a stop in front of the small group. He had sharp features and brilliant cerulean blue eyes. There was no doubt that he was related to Jacqueline Hatfield just by his sharp facial features. He stood six foot even and had a smile that had been notoriously known to bring all the young virginal girls out of their unmentionables. \"I was only doing somethin' that you wouldn't do,\" Jack hissed as she glared at her older cousin. \"Now, now,\" Dale announced happily as he looked at his younger cousin, \"No time for getting' lippy.\" \"Didja get him,\" Dale's little brother, William Hatfield, asked with a curious glint in his eyes. At the gentle age of sixteen, he had been the more pacifist relation within the house. He was never one to kill an animal or a man, no matter what unforgivable slight a man had made against him or his family. He was considered the coward of the family by most of the Hatfield family, including Jack. Off his horse, William Hatfield stood just a few inches shorter than his little brother and was as scrawny as a newborn foal. He was the striking image of his older brother in every way except for lacking the valiant character that made up the rest of the Hatfield clan. Jack smiled brightly at her younger cousin's question and replied with a shrug and asked with a dark smirk that was riddled with mischievous intentions, \"What kind of question is that?\" A look of slight sadness painted William's face at her confession to murder. He quickly looked away from her and back toward the direction where the Hatfield clan lived in large log cabins. \"William is a soft touch,\" Jack whispered to Schultz as she lightly kicked Black Jack forward and toward her home. \"Ah,\" he answered as he followed behind her sashaying horse and asked out of ear shot from the others, \"And what of you other relatives?\" \"Dale and William are brothers,\" she informed him as they rode together toward her childhood home, she chuckled as she added, \"This one time when we were little, there was this fox that kept getting into the chicken coops and William wouldn't let anyone kill it.\" Schultz smiled at her tale as he listened to her continue on with her history, \"Dale and I caught the fox in a little homemade trap and we took it over the river. It was never seen again after that.\" \"Well that was nice of you two,\" Schultz informed her, but he saw a wicked glint in her eyes as if she were hiding some heavy secret inside her. Jack chuckled at his answer and quickly turned to look behind her quickly at her two cousins and whispered with a wicked smile, \"What William doesn't know is that Dale and I shot that fox after we got over the river.\" Schultz smile faded quickly at her confession. Jack Hatfield was no angel, nor was she the devil. She was not bound to be morally right or inherently evil, but for some reason his mind wanted her to be this person that stuck to moral beliefs, even though he knew that she was the reality of the times that they lived in. To him, she wasn't a liar; there was nothing false about her, nothing wrong with her in the least. She was the truth, she was the life, she was the reality of this time and she was both harsh and tender. She was some great mixture of a spirit that would make its mark on a time mixed into a body that would parish under the ground after the spirit had escaped its shackles. To him, like he had thought countless times when he was near her, she was a tangible spirit of this harsh reality. He had built her up, in his mind, as a person with mismatched fragments that came to a strange reality. He had concluded that Jacqueline was a paradox of reality, in his mind; she could be comparable to the late president Andrew Jackson. She was looked at as one way, but was completely different. She was harsh, but was tender. She was a real person, with real thoughts, rather than someone that he passed by and never gave a second thought of. She was a human that shared space with him, had educated thoughts on issues, and cared for things even if that object of caring was seen as wrong, like her caring for Bali, Django, and even himself, the man that had sworn to bring her in for money. He pulled his attentions away from the woman that had entrapped his musings and gazed at the scenery around him. Tall oak trees that grabbed toward the heavens surrounded them as they entered a large clearing where log cabins with long covered porches stood tall, shielding the female family members from the sun that pounded down on the earth. Men and young children made their way passed them, each one giving a look of concern at Django upon his nag. Chickens pecked at the ground as two dark skinned black women threw feed to them. One a pretty young black woman with no signs of wrinkles upon her slim face, she was most likely the house maid of the Hatfield clan based upon her looks. The other was an older, dark skinned woman that could pass by as P.T Barnum's Joice Heth, the 161 year old black nurse of Mister George Washington himself. As they rode past an old oak tree, a man limped toward them with a large pipe in his mouth and an angered emotion painted his face, a look that seemed to have been stitched into his face from the very day he had popped out of his mother so long ago. His greying beard was beginning to stain from years of tobacco usage as he met the small group in front of the old oak tree. They quickly dismounted as the man and several young men hurried toward them. Django looked over to see Jack closing her eyes and taking a deep breath as if she had just been caught with her hand in the cookie jar and had to find a viable explanation as to why she had tried to steal the sweets. \"Shit,\" she hissed under her voice as she heard the man billow out in anger curses toward her. \"You get that no account, backstabbin' bitch outta here,\" the man hissed at Wahl Hatfield. \"No David,\" Wahl announced in a thick accent as he held out his hands in order to calm his brother down, \"You ain't got no right to be talkin' about your daughter like that. She did what any of us woulda done.\" David hurried passed Wahl and ripped a whip out of Dale's saddle. He hurried toward Jack, who bravely stood her ground as her angered father made his way toward her, readying to beat her within an inch of her life. \"You embarrassed this family for the last time girl,\" he hissed as he raised the whip high above his head as rage filled his eyes. \"Stop right there,\" Schultz announced as he quickly placed himself in front of Jack. He pushed her further behind him, shielding her from her father's harsh gaze. His pistol was already drawn as he stood in front of her; no other family member dared raise their gun at him, knowing fully well just how fast Jack really was. They didn't want to chance her wrath. \"We'll have none of that,\" Schultz announced in his thick accent, \"She is still my prisoner-\" \"She's my daughter,\" David informed him quickly as he glared at the bounty hunter who had defiantly jumped in front of Jack as if he were her prince in an old, rumpled grey suit. \"That's just details,\" Schulz informed him, \"I caught her fair and square and she is still under my protection until I give her over to the authorities,\" he chuckled and shrugged his shoulders, \"of course, unless there is a better bid for her head, but until then it is my lawful duty to make sure that she is safe.\" Jack smiled softly from behind him as she watched her father lower the whip. Her heart beat slowed dramatically as she watched Schultz quickly placed his small pistol away. \"Daddy,\" she whispered as she placed her hand upon Schultz's shoulder and moved toward her father slowly, \"I didn't mean to offend the family. When I heard that my sister left,\" she shook her head, \"I couldn't just allow that to happen to her and go unpunished.\" David glared at her for a long while. Ocean blue eyes glared into ocean blue eyes as their harsh gaze never faltered. The air was thick between the two as they looked at each other. David's eyes were dark and wise, they were the eyes of a man that had spent his life chopping down trees and working every day until his back threatened to give way just for his family to live decently. Jack's eyes were dark and intense; they were the eyes of a woman that had been raised by a man that took raising children as products of himself; her eyes held a flicker of pleading in her eyes as she looked upon her father. Django looked over to the two women standing with the chickens pecking around them. He could see the look of worry on their face as they stared at the leader of the Hatfield clan. He quickly turned his attentions back upon Schultz who was staring with worry clearly on his face. Tension was noticeable upon the German's shoulders as he watched the woman that he had become close to speak with a man that had threated to whip her with a horse whip. \"Did you kill him,\" David asked after the uncomfortable silence. A quick, dark smile crawled over features as she nodded and replied happily, \"I shot him dead. Shot his brother, for coming after him.\" \"They're after her,\" Wahl informed his brother, \"I had to kill Bobby McCoy.\" \"God damn those McCoys,\" David hissed in anger as he shook his head and then looked back at his young daughter, a girl that had grown into the spitting image of her mother. \"I didn't mean to leave before,\" she stopped and turned to look at Schultz quickly before continuing,\" I didn't mean to embarrass you like I did…but I just couldn't do that. Please understand, it wasn't a slight against you. Please tell me you forgive me, Daddy.\" David placed his lit pipe into his mouth and looked over to Wahl for slight guidance on what he should do with his daughter. He had never had a child disobey him in such away, even if it was a heroic deed, she still went against what he had said and placed the family in disgrace within all of Mississippi. He was unsure of how to behave around her. \"Go help your momma with dinner,\" Wahl informed her as he placed his hands upon his hips. Jack turned to look at her uncle and then back to her father. \"This is Dr. King Schultz,\" she announced, \"and Django Freeman.\" \"Did you just hear what your uncle told you,\" David asked harshly as he glared down at his daughter. \"Yes sir,\" Jack whispered as she lowered her eyes and turned quickly away from her family and hurried into her old home where her mother stood at the window plucking the feathers off of dead chickens. The two black women followed her quickly into the kitchen to attend what needs that she may have needed. \"Momma,\" Jack announced as she slowly walked up behind her mother, Molly, who's once long black hair was now greying atop her head. Her mother quickly turned around with a large smile painted upon her red lips. She quickly wiped her hands upon her apron and hurried toward her with arms held open to embrace her into a tight hug that had been long overdue. \"Wahl actually did it,\" she cried as she held her daughter close to her, \"He actually did it,\" she rubbed Jack's shoulders as she pulled away and looked her over, \"I prayed every night for God to protect you and turns out,\" tears escaped freely from her eyes, \"He was listenin'.\" \"I'm home Momma,\" Jack whispered as she gave her a soft smile and wiped her tears away. \"Who's dat man witcha,\" the young black woman asked as she made her way toward the counter where Molly had been plucking feathers. \"Man? What man,\" Molly asked as she looked down at her young daughter, whose eyes sparkled with happiness. \"His name is Dr. King Schultz,\" Jack answered obediently with a large smile as she watched her mother look down at her with confusion on her face. \"A doctor,\" her mother asked quickly as she looked over her daughter's slim body, \"Are you hurt?\" \"He's a dentist,\" Jack answered honestly, keeping the information of Schultz being a bounty hunter a secret. It would be too much on her mother's heart to know that her oldest daughter had become a wanted outlaw that spent time playing cards in a sinful saloon. \"Jackie,\" a small, almost pipsqueak like voice announced from behind her. Jack turned quickly to look behind her to see her young sister standing behind her in long pigtailed braids and a bright, happy smile pasted upon her face. \"Helena,\" Jack announced as she hurried to her youngest sister and smiled as she wrapped her arms around her tightly. Helena was a chunky twelve year old that was just beginning to blossom into a woman. She was awkward in appearance, but time would soon change her looks into that of a beautiful woman, just as it had done with Jack when she was the same age long ago. \"Daddy is lettin' them men stay with us,\" Helena informed her, \"That man in the beard-\" \"King,\" she informed her little sister. \"Oh we're on a first name basis with this dentist are we,\" Molly asked as she entered the small living room with her two daughters. A look of interest spread across her face as she looked at her oldest daughter and awaited the answer. \"Yes, we are.\" \"Did he,\" Helena asked shyly, \"Did he seduce you?\" \"Helena,\" Molly announced loudly, \"You get out there to your room and make a place for your sister to sleep. This Dr. King Schultz will take her bedroom,\" she watched as Helena hurried to do as she said, she then turned her attentions to the old black woman and demanded, \"Tell John to clean out a place in the barn for that Negro to stay in for the night. There's an old straw mat out there for him to sleep on and the roof is solid. He should be comfortable out there.\" \"Yasm,\" the old woman announced as she scurried out of the house and out into the bright outdoors to deliver the message to the only black man on the property. \"Thank you Momma,\" Jack whispered with a smile as she walked toward the door and leaned against it with a far off dreamy look in her eye as she watched Schultz, Wahl, and her father talk as if they had been longtime friends. Her mother slowly walked behind her and studied her soft face as Jack looked over at Schultz with wondering eyes. \"Has he seduced you,\" Molly asked softly as she placed her hands around her daughter. Jack ripped her eyes away from Schultz begrudgingly and looked at her smiling mother who had the softest features that she had ever seen in her life and opal eyes that put everyone's to shame in her opinion. \"No,\" Jack whispered, \"He's a decent gentleman.\" Molly smiled as she looked at her young daughter, reading her features as if she were a picture book. \"But you want him to,\" Molly asked and smiled as a look of shame appeared on her daughter's face. She chuckled and pulled her daughter into her arms, \"There's nothin' wrong with that. I wanted your father to do the same thing with me when we first met.\" \"I just,\" Jack started but stopped quickly, \"I don't know what to think or feel about this.\" Schultz silently made his way toward them with a smile upon his face. He carried his own bags in his hands as William, who had been enthralled by Fritz's tricks, took his horse and Django toward the barn. He smiled as he watched the mother and daughter embrace. \"Do you love him,\" he heard the older woman ask of Jack and his heart stopped beating in that moment as he stepped upon the steps of the log house. He watched as Jack pulled away from her mother and looked over to Schultz with a look of pure horror on her face. It seemed as if all the color in her face bled away as she lowered her eyes and hurried away from him, going after William and Django. He watched as she hurried away, leaving him alone with her mother. He smiled weakly and turned to the smiling mother and pulled his hat off out of respect as he bowed his head slightly to her. \"Mrs. Hatfield,\" he announced happily, \"I am Dr. King Schultz. I've come to an understanding that I am to stay in your house tonight?\" She smiled at him as she looked him over with a judgmental eye, but found that she was pleased with what she had taken in. \"Yes,\" she answered, \"My youngest daughter, Helena, is cleaning out Jack's room. That's where you'll be staying.\" So more or less, a filler chapter, but it has the point of introducing you to a few of her family members. More will be introduced next chapter. Jack has been hiding something from Schultz if you've paid attention to the dialogue (I am way into dialogue as clues as to what will happen people) So what do you think about her family? Especially her father and Wahl? I actually really like Wahl. What are your opinions? Review and tell me :)[Chapter 16] Chapter 16: Under the Old Oak Tree King Schultz walked alone around the large Hatfield owned land. Log houses darted across the countryside where other Hatfield family members lived well off inside the sturdy logs that had been taken from the hills that surrounded them and shielded them from the blistering cold and the snow that riddled the mountainous terrain. He took in the place where Jack had been raised, he had observed her family and had learned that she and Wahl Hatfield had been the more cultured that laid claim to the Hatfield surname. That was not to say that the other Hatfield family members were stupid, but they did not hold the same intellectual qualities that Wahl and Jack possessed. The words that Jack's beautiful mother had uttered earlier tumbled throughout his forever moving mind. It was a simple question that she had asked, a question that could have been answered with a simple answer, but it held so much power. The two of them had travelled great distances together, they had spent many a nights talking about their lives and opinions, and something had changed in the course of their acquaintance with each other. Some small feeling had been turned on; it was more than curiosity and more than just simple lust. \"Who in Hell is that,\" a cranky voice that belonged to an elderly woman hissed in anger. Schultz turned to see that he had absently walked in front of someone's porch. An elderly lady, around the remarkable age of seventy, sat in a beautifully carved wooden rocking chair with a beautiful snow white blanket placed over her shoulders to keep the winter chill from invading her wrinkled, old body. \"Momma,\" the voice of David said sternly as he looked down at his aging mother, \"Now that's Dr. King Schultz.\" \"Who hell is he,\" she asked staring down at Schultz who slowly approached the porch and walked up the stairs to join the small clan. He smiled as he looked at the elderly woman sitting in her rocking chair as if she were a queen being waited on hand and foot by her relatives. Behind her wrinkles, he could still see the sharp features and the laugh lines that made up the woman's face from a long eventful life. Her eyes momentarily captivated him for a moment, her eyes were as blue as the darkest ocean; the same shade of blue that he had only seen in Jack's eyes. \"Momma,\" David said as he gave the dentist a small smile, \"He is the one that helped bring Jackie back home.\" \"Oh,\" she stated happily extending her pale, frail white hand toward Schultz and smiled as he quickly took her hand and held it warmly in his, she gave him a soft squeeze as she added, \"You're a good man for my little Jackie.\" Schultz chuckled at the old woman's sweet words; her voice was like aged saccharine, as she continued to praise her granddaughter. He couldn't help but smile at the woman's words as she held on to his hand. \"Well,\" he announced with a slight bow of his head, \"It really was no trouble. May I say, Mrs. Hatfield, your granddaughter is a delightful conversationalist.\" \"She gets that from her grandpapa,\" she informed him with a smile, \"That man could talk you to death about all sorts of hair brain schemes. One time he wanted to start a circus like that man, he thought he could purchase himself a ticket 'cross seas and bring back one of those mammoths.\" \"Momma,\" David whispered as he looked down at his old mother and smiled in slight embarrassment just as the young black slave, Shana, came over toward them. \"Here ya go,\" Shana announced as she handed the elderly woman a flask of whiskey to chase away the aches that riddled the woman's arthritic bones. Mrs. Hatfield quickly pulled it from the woman's hands and downed a big swig without making any faces as the burning liquor moved passed her tongue and down her throat to settle into her stomach, to say the least, Schultz saw so much of Jack in this elderly woman. He knew exactly who the woman that he had been acquainted with took after in this family. \"Mr. Hatfield,\" Schultz started to say, but was quickly interrupted by the elderly woman. \"Now Davie,\" she said softly as she placed her arthritic hand on her son's hard overworked hand while Schultz stood there patiently, \"Have you talked to Jacqueline yet?\" \"Momma, we ain't gonna talk 'bout this in front of strangers,\" David informed her quickly. \"Don't you sass me boy,\" she hissed, flames of anger burned in her dark blue eyes, \"Now why can't you just go down and talk to your daughter? You two are both the most stubbornest damned jackasses I've ever had the misfortune to know.\" Schultz smiled at the woman's sharp tongue. \"Go talk to her,\" she demanded of her son. \"Dammit Momma,\" David started but he stopped quickly as his mother's bitter eyes glared up at him, he shook his head and continued in a more subdued tone, \"I don't know how to talk to her.\" \"Just like you talkin' to me,\" she informed him quickly, \"Jesus ain't likin' that you ain't talkin' to your own blood, Davie. She only did what she thought was right.\" \"But Momma-\" \"No buts,\" she reprimanded, \"You go talk to your daughter.\" Schultz smiled softly as he watched the middle aged man nod at his mother's demand as if he were a young child still. \"Have any of you happen to see Django,\" Schultz asked finally as he watched David place his brown hat upon his thick head of hair. \"Uh, yeah,\" David said as he turned to look at Shana, \"Didn't he go off with John?\" \"Yes sir,\" she answered with a deep Southern drawl, \"He's out in them hills helpin' bring in a load a logs.\" \"Thank you,\" Schultz announced with a smile. \"Shana will accompany you,\" David informed him with a smile as he turned to Shana, \"You go on and help the good doctor.\" \"But what about dinner for Mrs. Hatfield,\" Shana asked as she looked down at the tiring old woman. \"Don't worry 'bout that,\" he replied with a smile as he waved for her to walk off the porch, \"Molly and Mamie will take care of that, you just go on and take Dr. Schultz to young Django.\" \"Yes sir,\" she answered obediently and sashayed down the stairs with a large smile on her face as she passed by the German bounty hunter, \"This way Dr. Schultz.\" He bid his farewells to the fussy grandmother and the hospitable man that was shaking his head as he thought of ways to tell his daughter that he had forgiven her from running astray and hurried after the beautiful dark skinned woman. \"Yer slave is probably with John,\" Shana informed Schultz in a thick Southern accent as she sashayed across the grounds, \"They have to get the logs in before the night time, before the rains come in and make it all slippery.\" \"Django isn't my slave,\" Schultz corrected her, \"I freed him from a chain gang in Texas.\" \"Really,\" she asked with a smile, her eyes sparkled at his words, \"That's mighty fine of ya Dr. Schultz. Mr. Hatfield did the same thing for Mamie, John, and me. He bought us out of Mississippi and brought us back here-\" Schultz's head shot up and took her in as he shook his head in disbelief, \"Are you telling me that you are a free woman?\" Shana smiled at his sparkling eyes and nodded happily as she said, \"Yes sir. Missy Jack taught me how to read. We grew up together. We gots into all kinds a trouble when we was growin' up. If Mrs. Hatfield didn't get us then Mamie did. This one time-\" \"You're not a slave,\" he asked once again with the same shock. Jack Hatfield wasn't everything that he had thought. \"Well, we gots to pretend that we are,\" Shana explained, \"Folks ain't too keen on us runnin' the streets wild. They thinks we gonna start a riot and kill those white folks in the big houses. So Mr. Hatfield told us to lie, but you seem to be on Missy Jack's good side so I don't have to watch my mouth 'round you.\" He shook his head as he continued to follow her up the hills. Toppled trees were being tied by hard metal chains up to the backs of hard muscled mules to pull them forward. He watched as many of the Hatfield family members worked hard, the rancid smell of dirt and sweat filled the air around him as he stopped in front of Django who was helping wrap a chain around a thick fallen tree. Django smiled at him as he pushed away from the tree as the mule moved forward. \"They said I can have all the blankets I want if I came out and helped them with these few trees,\" he informed him with a smile, \"And they even payin' me for the time.\" Schultz chuckled as he looked at the man that he had freed who was beaming at him with sweat dripping down his face. \"That's very good. Very good,\" he said happily as he nodded to John and Shana who took the hint and walked away from them, giving them the proper amount of space to talk freely and openly without the worry of eavesdroppers. \"I have a little problem,\" Schultz admitted as he pulled Django away from the work area. \"What,\" he asked quickly, \"Can we not stay here? These folks awfully nice-\" \"No, no, no,\" Schultz stated quickly as he waved his hands in front of him in hopes of calming the young man down, \"It's nothing like that. It's Jack.\" \"Oh,\" Django stated simply, and then a large Cheshire Cat like grin crawled across his face as he looked over to Schultz, \"What about her?\" Schultz shrugged his shoulders and looked down at the dirt as he tried to find the right words to say to his longtime confidant. His fingers moved across his beard and a slight frown crept across his face as he pondered how he felt about her. \"Her mother,\" Schultz whispered, \"asked her something today.\" \"Yeah, if she in love with you,\" Django answered with a smile, \"I heard it.\" \"Right,\" he said as a smile crept across his face, \"And she didn't say anything.\" \"Yeah, I sawed that,\" he answered, \"And now it's got you thinkin' 'bout what you think 'bout her?\" \"In a manner of speaking,\" he answered in a matter of fact tone and nodded his head. Django smiled at the bounty hunter that had given him his freedom and gave him a job through the winter. He knew exactly what emotions were running through the German. Doubt, confusion, angst, he knew those emotions all too well. \"Can I ask you somethin',\" Django asked. \"Sure. Go ahead.\" \"Do you find yourself thinkin' 'bout her even when she ain't around,\" Django asked, \"When I first met my wife, she was all I could ever think about, all day and all night. No one could come close to her beauty.\" Schultz smiled softly at his friend and nodded as he patted him on the back, now finally sure of what he thought about Jack. \"Thank you Django,\" he informed him, \"You have given me the answer that I needed to find. I do think that I-\" \"You must be the dentist that brought Jack back to us,\" the bitter voice of a man asked from above them. Schultz turned around and gazed up at a blonde haired man that sat upon a Palomino horse that held the same golden color coat as the rider's hair. His eyes were a light shade of opal, just as many of the other Hatfield's possessed, along with the same sharp features, but his demeanor and hair were altogether different than any of the other members that they had met. \"Yes,\" he announced with a calm chuckle, \"I am Dr. King Schultz. And who might you be?\" \"Name's Cotton Hatfield,\" the man said as he spit tobacco juice to the ground, spittle fell absently down his chin which he quickly wiped it away with the sleeve of his flannel shirt, \"So word through the grapevine is that you have rights over my cousin. That true?\" Cotton's eyes glared down at Schultz awaiting the answer. \"Yes,\" Schultz answered as he eyed the man, that wasn't much older than Jack, up and down, \"She's under my legal protection.\" \"You ain't gonna take her away from me or this place,\" Cotton informed him, \"She's mine.\" \"Cotton,\" the harsh voice of Jack hissed from behind them, \"I ain't ever gonna be yours so you might as well get off your high horse right now.\" Schultz turned around quickly to see Jack standing with her hands placed upon her hips as she glared up at Cotton with a dark anger in her eyes. \"Jack, I…I,\" he stuttered as he tried to regain his composure as he looked down at Schultz and her, \"I didn't mean nothin' by it. I know you don't wanna be married to me,\" he chuckled, \"Hell that's why I married Suzanna just on 'count you chose-\" A scream echoed throughout the air around them. Jack and Schultz watched as two men rode quickly up to the houses with a body hanging on to the back of the saddle. \"Oh God,\" Schultz heard Jack cry as he watched her grab the ends of her old skirts and hurried toward the men on the horses. He watched as the men of the family quickly surrounded the two newcomers. His feed moved on their own accord after the woman that he felt these strange indescribable feelings for. Schultz watched as David and Jack looked with grief in their eyes at the body that was now placed on the ground in front of them. The body had been severely beaten with several knife wounds etched through the unfortunate man's abdomen; blood stained the already stained white shirt that he had worn before his bloody demise. \"What happened,\" David demanded as he looked up to the two men, one was his son Robert and the other was his sister's bastard son Peter, that had brought the body of his uncle in. \"Gus was talkin' shit at the bar,\" Robert, the oldest of the Hatfield batch, exclaimed as he looked up to his father. He bowed his hat slightly in acknowledgement of his little sister's returned presence. \"Two of them McCoy bastards got to him,\" Peter informed him with a slight stutter that he had suffered with from his childhood, \"They got him while he was stumblin' out the bar.\" \"And you let him leave all alone,\" Jack hissed in anger as she glared down at Gus, the man that had once been her sourly, old, drunken great uncle on her father's side. Schultz watched as her dark eyes snapped back at Peter and Robert with what could have been mistaken as murderous intent in her eyes. \"Don't worry Sister,\" Robert announced, \"We took care of one of 'em.\" \"What,\" David asked harshly as he glared at his son with the same dark intent that filled Jack's dark blue eyes. \"We hung the smallest in the old oak tree for all them god damned McCoys to see,\" Robert stated with a smile as he looked around at his surrounding family and the one stranger to the Hatfield lands. \"Can someone please explain to me why most of my children are all god damned stupid,\" David announced, clearly fed up with his children's shenanigans in the past few years. Jack turned in anger and pushed passed her family members; she whistled a tune and the sound of hooves upon the ground thundered around them. Schultz quickly wrapped his long fingers around her upper arm and stopped her as he asked with worry clearly in his words, \"Are you okay?\" \"I'm fine,\" she replied harshly as she jerked away from him and then looked to her father, \"I'm gonna go cut him down. It's just an invitation for the McCoys to come in here and slaughter us all.\" She pulled herself atop Black Jack and glared down at Robert. \"You did something very stupid today Robert,\" she hissed at him. Schultz looked over to Robert who now had a look of complete confusion upon his face as he gazed up at his enraged little sister. \"What's wrong Sister,\" he asked, \"It's not like I've started a war or nothin'. They did this first. I'm just settlin' the score.\" \"They don't see it that way,\" she hissed as anger radiated throughout her body, \"They want an all-out war. They won't stop until every last one of us is gone.\" Robert looked around at each family member and a look of sad confusion painted his face. He looked over to his father and shook his head. \"I didn't know it was that serious,\" he stated honestly. David shook his head as he placed his pipe in his mouth and looked over to Jack and ordered, \"Go help your sister get the body down. She's right.\" \"Yes sir,\" he stated as he hurried to climb into his saddle. Schultz looked up at Jack and shook his head, \"I'm going with you.\" She glared down at him and stated harshly, \"Then get on your horse. We aren't waitin'.\" ... As they rode up the large hills, Schultz found himself staring more and more at Jack. They had rode in somewhat silence, Robert being the only one talking of the previous incident, which had given him more time to ponder the feelings that he had just started to realize had been inside him from the first day that he had laid eyes on Mad Jack Hatfield, the notorious outlaw that had evaded authorities for a long while. He took in her features carefully, he took in every line that edged her pale face, lines that revealed how hard her life had been alone in Texas and how many times she had smiled throughout her life. There were slight imperfections in her skin, but it seemed to only strengthen her beautiful character profile in his eyes. He had always seen her as a very pretty woman, but he had found her thoughts more beautiful. Her character was what brought him closer to her, they were so different yet exactly the same. They both had morals that they tried to cling to in a world that was not morally sound. He had killed men for profit; she had killed men for survival. He was no better than her; they were the same in how they survived. \"Jacqueline,\" he stated softly, his voice was almost a purr as he said her full name, rather than her short nickname. \"What is it,\" she asked quickly, her eyes hurriedly moved toward him to give him her full attention. He could see the slight fear that bubbled beneath her dark orbs. \"I have something to ask you,\" he informed her as they moved up the slightly rocky hill. Fritz swatted a horse fly with his long tail as he moved forward. \"Shoot,\" she said with a soft smile as she looked forward at her older brother. \"Who's Cotton,\" he asked, silently chastising himself for not bringing up the conversation that he intended to, the conversation that would allow him to find out if he could reveal to her the feelings that he had recently discovered for her. She rolled her eyes in slight annoyance and replied honestly, \"My ignorant cousin. His daddy wanted me to marry him, but my daddy wanted me to be with-\" \"There he is,\" Robert announced loudly, interrupting her as he pointed up to a large round oak tree in the distance where a man hung by his neck from a high limb. \"Why did you hang him so high,\" she asked as she looked to her older brother. \"I don't know,\" he said with a shrug of his shoulder, \"Thought it fittin' to hang him high.\" She rolled her eyes and turned back to Schultz who was looking at her with eyes that were brightened with interest, with the need to know more about her. She felt a strange bubble inside her chest as she looked at him, the man that had protected her for so long. He hadn't murdered her for money, he had spared her life. As she looked at him, she felt an intense pain in her heart that forced her to quickly turn away from him and look forward. \"Needless to say,\" she continued casually as if she hadn't felt a strange pang inside of her just from looking at the German bounty hunter that rode beside her, \"Cotton wasn't happy about my decision to not marry him.\" \"Cotton was named appropriately,\" Robert announced from ahead of them, \"He ain't got nothin' but cotton between those big ears of his.\" She smiled at her brother's comments and then forced herself to look back at Schultz and replied, \"See, no one likes him. Not even his own family.\" \"Here we go Sister,\" Robert announced as he pulled himself off of his horse and walked underneath the hanging body. \"Cut him down,\" she demanded harshly of her brother, \"I need to see his face.\" \"Why do you need to see his face,\" Robert asked as he raised a brow in confusion at his younger sister, \"This ain't what ladies supposed to be wantin' to do.\" \"Well when I see a lady, I will inform her just that,\" she answered bitterly, \"Now cut him down. I need to see if I know this man.\" Schultz smiled at her heated reply. That was the fire that he had become accustomed to see in her. He had never been one to give any attentions to common women, the ones that were fine with living in one place and baring his children. He had always been partial to traveling. He was a free spirit in some aspects of his life and he had seen that spirit nestled inside of Jack Hatfield's body; they were on the same road in the grand scheme of things. A loud jerk from the old oak tree sounded throughout the air around them. Crows flew from their waiting perches and into the air, cawing in agitation from the interruption of their new meal. The boy fell with a loud thud in front of Jack and Schultz, the man's back looked up at them. Dirt stained the McCoy's heavy brown coat from the long winter in the mountains laying on the hard ground. Schultz watched as Jack pushed the man over with her heeled boots. He watched a look of disgust as she looked at the bruised and bloody face of the man that looked up at them with dead eyes. \"Well,\" Schultz asked as he watched her take in the dead man on the ground, \"do you know him.\" \"I do not know this McCoy,\" she informed him and looked over to her brother and asked, \"You sure he is a McCoy?\" \"I'm pretty sure,\" he answered, \"He was rantin' and ravin' about how he and Boyd McCoy were gonna take and skin every Hatfield they come across. They ain't too bright,\" he chuckled, \"They didn't even know that the bar was ran by Aunt Becky.\" She looked back at the body and then to Schultz. She could sense some needed urgency to be alone with him bubbling inside of her. She looked back to her brother and quickly walked toward him with a plan in her mind to get rid of him. \"Take this body-\" \"What,\" Robert asked, \"I ain't takin' his body into the yard for all them lil girls to see. Their eyes don't need to be lookin' at no damned dirty McCoy boy.\" She glared at him in anger at his rude interruption and pointed to the body and demanded, \"You put a god damned rope around that body, get on your god damned horse, and you drag this damned corpse off this property. We may be lucky in that they haven't noticed that this man has gone missin'.\" Schultz lifted his brow at the demands that Jack was making. He had seen glimpses of her demanding side before, but he had never once thought that she had the bravery to stand up to a brother or to her father like she had obviously did many times in the past. \"Slave driver,\" he heard Robert whisper as he hurried passed him to do as he was told by his younger sister. He couldn't help but allow the chuckle to escape him as he watched the eldest Hatfield son scurry to pull the body away. \"I'm takin' him down to the river,\" Robert announced as he tied the end of the rope around his saddle horn and climbed atop his horse. \"Peachy,\" she informed him with a fake smile as she watched him walk away, leaving her and Schultz alone in an awkward yet comfortable silence. He slowly closed the space between them as he walked toward her to stand under the old oak tree with her. He watched as soft smile cross her face as the crows quickly took their places back upon the large, thick limbs of the tree. Their feathers bustled above them to lessen the silence between them. A soft, sweet chuckle escaped her as he watched her long pale fingers lightly touch the bark of the tree. \"This oak tree,\" she said softly, \"has always been a favorite meeting place. We used to try to climb up it, damned near broke my arm trying to get up it…\" she rolled her eyes, \"Never could get up this damned thing. Robert and Peter would shoot squirrels out of this thing during the winter months and timber wasn't doin' so well. This is where Daddy caught me teaching Shana how to read,\" a soft blush crawled up her pale cheeks as she edged closer to Schultz and placed her hands upon the lapels of his grey jacket, \"I got my first kiss under this old oak tree too.\" She leaned in softly and allowed her lips to softly caress his lips. It was a soft simple kiss, but nevertheless, it was a meaningful one, just as all their previous kisses had been. Schultz grabbed her wrists softly in his own hands as he slowly pulled away from her. He looked into her eyes and smiled at her. \"What,\" she asked with a soft smile as a cool wind blew against them, causing a chill to move down her body. \"I overheard what your mother asked you,\" he informed her, and he shrugged his shoulders as he forced an unconcerned smile upon his lips, \"It's not like I was eavesdropping or anything.\" She closed her eyes and looked down as she shook her head and replied, \"I thought you heard that. I was hoping to avoid-\" \"Hey,\" he said as he placed his finger under her chin and lifted her head up for her to look up at him. She smiled at him and he felt a sudden and quick pang in his heart, like someone had stabbed him and quickly ripped the knife out. \"You aren't my captured bounty anymore. You remember that don't you,\" he asked. \"I never forgot that,\" she whispered, \"I owe you so much for everything that you and Django have done for me.\" He smiled at her and shrugged his shoulder and said with a chuckle, \"In the words of our dear young friend Django Freeman, there ain't nothin' wrong with bein' associated with a,\" he stopped trying to get the mocked accent down perfectly, \"peeertaaaayy woman.\" A red hot blush came over her face and she looked away from him and rolled her eyes. \"I'm not that pretty.\" \"Psh,\" he announced with an almost excited tone as he waved her absurd words away, \"Of course you are and you know it. Look,\" he said, grabbing her hand, \"I've traveled across an entire ocean and have never come across a woman that is as pretty and as interesting as you, Miss Jacqueline Hatfield, or also known better as Mad Jack Hatfield.\" She chuckled at his words as she looked into his brown eyes that reminded her of the delicious chocolate that she had tasted on only a few occasions when she would travel with Wahl into town. A stiff silence entered between them as they looked into each other's eyes and he held her hands warmly in his. \"I wanted to tell you that I want,\" he stopped quickly, \"that I need you to come with us. It wouldn't be the same without you.\" She shook her head at his words, confusion moved into her as she asked, \"What are you saying King?\" He shook his head and smiled as he said, \"Boy you are not making this easy, are you?\" She lifted a brow at his strange question. \"I,\" he stopped again, \"I have these,\" he shook his head and finally revealed, \"I can't go a day without thinking of you, Jacqueline. There isn't one minute since the day that I first saw you in that bath house in Texas that my mind hasn't succumbed to thoughts of you.\" Her mouth slightly dropped at his sudden revelation. She shook her head; words were not forming in her brain. She wanted to do something, say something, but her body refused to move or speak. Her chest fluttered. \"And I need to know if you have these same thoughts,\" he replied, \"I need to know now that I am not putting my life and that of young Django's in danger for something that isn't real.\" \"I,\" she started to say as she hurriedly made her way to close the space between the two of them, her heart was beating quickly as her brain worked quickly to find the answer that she needed to say. \"Jack,\" a loud yell came from below the hill where Helena stood with her arms on her hips, \"Jack! You promised to help me with dinner tonight! I can't do it all by myself and Momma went out to help Mamie make that man's bed in the barn!\" \"King, I,\" she started to explain as she looked away from her young sister and back to the man that had just told her that he needed her. \"Go,\" he whispered as he placed a soft kiss upon her forehead and softly pushed her forward, \"We can talk later.\" She shook her head as if to tell him that she wanted to stay and talk now. \"Jack,\" Helena screamed in impatience. \"King,\" she whispered. \"It's fine,\" he said with a shrug as he absently played with the fringes of his mustache, \"Go help your sister. I'm not going anywhere too soon.\" \"Well,\" she said, looking him over, still not sure what to do, \"Okay.\" Schultz bowed his head slightly to her as she slowly turned away from him and walked down the hill. He could see how she wanted to say and that told him everything that he needed to know. That was becoming something that he had found increasingly odd in himself. He had found himself needing people in his life, whether it was Django or Jack. He had never needed anyone but himself and a good rifle. It was safe to say that it seemed his life had changed for the best with this new found need in his life. So there you have it. Schultz was the first to admit his feelings. It was really, really hard to find a believable way for him to do that. Notice that there was never ever a mention of the word love. I just don't think it fits his or Jack's personality to say that to each other. This chapter took 3 days to write! It was going to be so much longer but who wants to read a 10,000 word chapter right? I hope you really like this chapter. Tell me what you think please :)[Chapter 17] Chapter 17: Lookin' For Freedom Long chapter here, also this may have a higher rating than T, I'm not sure, so just read with knowing that piece of info, but I'm sure that you will enjoy most of it. Ellis, Matthew, and Paul McCoy sat at the fringes of the group. They were the youngest of the McCoy family gang and the most high strung. They could hear Boyd billowing in anger about the loss of one of their cousins, a man that had been the best long rifle sniper that they had in the gang. \"Old Boyd ain't nothin' but talk,\" Ellis said in a hushed voice. At the age of eighteen, he was the oldest of the small group. He stood a solid six foot with a lanky body that in the right wind conditions could have been blown away like a shaky leaf in the wind. Shaggy, sandy brown hair grew curly and stopped just below his ears. He wore a hat upon his head to keep the wild curls under control, but it did little to help the curls that wrapped around his ears. \"We gotta go back and take revenge on what that Hatfield done did to our cousin,\" he added as he pulled his pistol close to him. \"We can bring in that Hatfield girl that killed our family,\" Matthew hissed in agreement with his older brother. At the tender age of sixteen, he had been known as one of the more handsome of McCoy boys with the darkest hair and the lightest green eyes that could entrap any woman with a soft heart. He had found it easy to push women away; he smiled at the thought of how many women he had pushed away since they had started chasing after Jack Hatfield. He wouldn't sacrifice the most beautiful woman that he had waiting at home for him, waiting patiently for him to ask for her hand in marriage, for a little wild ride on the side. \"I don't know,\" Paul, the youngest of the brothers, stated, \"Boyd made it clear that he didn't want none of us to be goin' out provokin' the Hatfields anymore. He made it clear that he wants to wait.\" \"We ain't waitin' no more,\" Ellis hissed at his chubby fourteen year old brother that he should have left at home with momma instead of bringing him out into the wild world. \"So what you want to do,\" Matthew asked, his eyes quickly looked over to Boyd who was chugging whiskey out of a dark flask. \"When it gets dark,\" Ellis whispered as he waved for his brother's to lean in closer, \"we are goin' to go down there and do what we did to them natives like back in Texas. We gonna kill 'em all.\" \"I don't think this is right,\" Paul whispered and shook his head, \"This ain't right. This wouldn't have happened if that young girl never got raped and murdered.\" \"You know that lil Hatfield girl was beggin' for it,\" Ellis replied quickly, \"Hell, she probably pulled a gun on him first and he was jus' protectin' himself. She's probably just like Mad Jack.\" \"Listen here little brother,\" Matthew whispered as he placed fresh bullets into his gun, \"We gonna kill 'em all.\" \"There won't be a Hatfield left standin',\" Ellis informed them with a harsh smile. \"We'll leave once Boyd passes out and Tommy goes off to sleep.\" ... Sweat poured in beads down Jack's forehead as she shoveled the horse manure out of the barn. She could hear Black Jack's soft hum of excitement as she moved by his stable. He looked up at her with beautiful brown eyes, eyes that looked back at her with great intelligence. \"You picked you out one fine horse Jack,\" Wahl's voice announced softly from behind her. She turned slowly to see her uncle walking toward her with a soft smile on his features as he moved to pet Black Jack who obliged him the indulgence. \"I've always thought so,\" she informed him, \"Your Altivo is a mighty fine creature as well.\" \"I think we have to thank Lady for birthing the most intelligent creatures that this state has ever seen,\" he informed his young niece with a chuckle. \"So what's all this about,\" he asked as he watched Jack continue on with shoveling the remaining manure out of the empty stalls, \"I don't remember you bein' this motivated to shovelin' horse shit. In fact,\" he chuckled as he watched her wipe the sweat from her forehead with the crook of her arm, \"I don't ever remember you shovelin' horse shit.\" \"Well, Daddy needs it done and all the boys are off doing somethin' else,\" she informed him, \"and all Momma wants to talk about is King and my previous engagement.\" \"That's somethin' that you and I need to discuss,\" Wahl stated as he leaned against the stall. He allowed Black Jack to nudge him softly in an attempt to receive an early feeding. \"I'd rather not,\" she stated in a matter of fact tone as she placed the shovel back in its place, giving up on cleaning the barn. \"Now you know I was against it the whole time,\" he informed her, \"I told my brother that you needed to go find your own husband.\" Jack took a deep breath as she allowed a soft smile come across her face and said, \"You were always the one person in this family that actually knew who I was.\" \"Yes,\" he said with a bright smile, \"And I knew that you weren't goin' to be stayin' in one place with a man that you didn't love.\" \"Daddy sees me as an embarrassment,\" she revealed in a soft whisper, sadness radiated through her words as soft tears filled her eyes, \"I was always his favorite child.\" \"You still are,\" Wahl revealed as he looked at his saddened niece, he sympathized for her, his father did the very same to him when he had decided to go to law school instead of taking over the family farm land, \"He just doesn't know what to say. Your daddy is like our daddy. Damned if he didn't get every trait our daddy had. He doesn't know how to express his feelings for his children. \"It's ain't right how he treats us,\" she informed him harshly as she wiped tears out of her eyes. \"No,\" he stated, \"It ain't right, but your daddy does love you. Why do you think he sent me to find you? Do you know what he gave up for you?\" She jerked her head up and looked up at her uncle's solemn face. \"He gave up half his timber rights to Calvin once you left,\" Wahl informed her, \"He offered the reward, dead or alive. Your daddy convinced him to offer a bigger reward for you alive, but Calvin still has title over you, you know that.\" She shook her head as a sob formed deep in her chest and threatened to climb her throat to escape her. \"I…I didn't know,\" she whispered, \"But Uncle Wahl,\" she shook her head, \"I can't go back to Candy Land. I don't love Calvin-\" \"But you've fallen for this German bounty hunter?\" She closed her eyes and turned away from her prodding uncle. Her heart beat quickened as she recalled the words that Schultz had uttered toward her only a short time ago. \"Uncle Wahl,\" she said in slight begging tone, \"I don't know what I feel for him. I've never been so conflicted in my life. He's a bounty hunter, he had me captured,\" she took a deep breath, \"but that whole time I was with him, I felt free, freer than I have ever felt before in my life.\" He chuckled at her and walked toward her, warmth radiated from him as he placed his hands upon her shoulders and looked down on her. \"You were always born the free spirit,\" he informed her with a smile, \"Maybe that's why since you were knee high to a grasshopper, you've always been the favorite out of all this wild bunch. You always had a head on your shoulders. Now I remember, one day when you were 'bout eleven or twelve,\" a large smile came over her face as he looked down at her, \"You were always lookin' down the road, and I knew at that moment that you were lookin' for freedom. The question is, can you and Dr. Schultz share freedom together on the road that you've chosen to go down?\" Her smile faded at his words about her childhood that seemed forever away, she looked up to him and whispered sadly, \"I've never been at home here, this place isn't freedom,\" she paused as she looked up at her uncle and confidant, \"Uncle Wahl, I am willing to sacrifice my relationship with my family to leave here, I will sacrifice everything not to go back to Calvin.\" \"You know that your daddy will expect you to go back,\" he informed her as he studied her. He watched her soft features hardened as she looked away from him as if she were fighting some inner demon. \"Can I tell you something Uncle Wahl,\" she whispered as she looked up at him. \"You always knew that you could,\" he stated with a shrug of his shoulders. \"I didn't leave Candy Land just for my sister,\" she whispered as she looked quickly around them both, making sure that Helena or any of the other young children were eavesdropping on her and Wahl's conversation. \"Then,\" he stopped, \"Did he hurt you?\" She shook her head and replied, \"Not at first,\" she looked away from him in slight embarrassment, \"Momma told me what to expect and,\" she smiled, \"and what I should do for a man…in that way,\" she shook her head, \"And the first two nights were fine, tender even. He was a caring, dignified lover in his ways. I wanted to wait until our wedding night, ya know, real proper and everything, but he insisted to try the goods before the sell,\" she stopped and shook her head, \"Then the night before the wedding he came into my bedroom drunk. God, he was so drunk.\" Wahl watched as hot tears fell from her eyes as she recalled the memories of her few nights with her intended husband that she had felt no love for. She shrugged her shoulders and replied, \"And at first it was fine, just as all the other nights before, but then it's like he changed. He,\" she stopped, \"he started to whip me like I was some common Negress in the fields. And he was,\" she closed her eyes and then quickly looked up to her uncle who looked at her with nothing but controlled concern in his eyes, there was no sense of judgment or rage that reflected back at her, \"He was thrusting inside of me so hard that I started to cry in pain, but I was afraid to say anything. When he was finished, he told me that those common nigger whores could handle him better than I could. He made me feel like dirt,\" tears fell freely down her cheeks, \"Please Uncle Wahl, don't make me go back there.\" \"You have my word that I will not let anyone take you back,\" he informed her quickly, \"I had no idea that he did that to you. Did he leave scars?\" She shook her head and replied, \"They aren't even noticeable anymore.\" He nodded at her words and whispered, \"You leave with them two, you have my word that I won't come after you and I won't allow anyone to come after you.\" A soft smile overtook her features and she shook her head as she replied softly, \"Thank you.\" ... Schultz moved through the yard as the sun seemed to linger over the tree line, not moving, as if time itself stopped in this place where Jack had grown up and became the person he knew today. \"Hey Dr. Schultz,\" the sarcastic voice of Cotton Hatfield announced from behind him, \"What you got goin' between my cousin?\" He shrugged his shoulders, his hand lightly touched against his hidden pistol knowing that he wouldn't gun down one of Jack's family, but the want lingered just above the surface. \"Why don't you ask your cousin,\" he answered. His brows furrowed at Schultz's words and added, \"Let me tell you 'bout my cousin. She ain't all that you think she is. She's a bit too wild for a man to tame. Shit, I don't think she's even tamable.\" \"Really,\" Schultz asked with hidden sarcasm, a smile painting across his handsome bearded face, \"I haven't noticed that about her at all.\" \"She ain't afraid to take a whip to a man,\" he informed him quickly, \"Believe you me. I once saw her whip a man so silly that he couldn't 'member his own name. Ain't nobody gonna be able to break her. She's like that old mare that birthed her mustang, she ain't ever gonna be tamed.\" \"Well,\" Schultz said as he slowly moved away from Cotton, \"I'm sure that she will be happy to know that you are comparing her to a birthing mare.\" Cotton's eyes lit up at his words as he watched the German dentist walking away from him toward the other family member's that were beginning to make a small fire to sit around and talk about the goings on in the world around them, a weekly tradition that had contributed to Jack's solid beliefs and thoughts. \"That son of a bitch,\" Cotton hissed in annoyance as he decided to follow the man that had insulted him to his face. ... Night had fallen over the mountains and the Hatfield family along with the small black family that was allowed to stay on their land sat around the fire that had been created earlier. Schultz sat beside Django who was taking in the food that one of the Hatfield hogs had generously contributed for dinner. Schultz watched as David sat down beside his wife and Helena and lovingly tussled his youngest daughter's hair. He pulled Molly closer to him as he stared deeply into the fire just as Wahl and Jack emerged from the darkness. The smell of whiskey radiated off of his breath as he looked up at them with a cunning smile upon his face. \"Where you two been,\" David asked as he looked over to his brother and placed his pipe in his mouth. \"I was helpin' Jack muck out the stalls,\" Wahl informed his older brother as he sat down beside Schultz and gave him a slight nod of acknowledgement, \"Speakin' of which, you and I need to have a talk later.\" \"Well hell why can't we talk now,\" David asked in slurred speech. Wahl shook his head and replied in a cold tone, \"It's about the McCoy business.\" \"What the hell about them,\" he asked as he watched his daughter sit on the far side of the fire away from everyone else. Schultz watched with a concerned eye as a slight breeze moved across her skin which resulted in her pulling her clothes tighter to her body. He moved to take his jacket off but young Helena had already beaten him to it. He watched with a smile as the young girl hurried to her sister with a large blanket wrapped around her as the two brothers spoke of the McCoy problem that they shared. He couldn't help but feel some strange warmth bubble inside of him as he watched how Jack was with her little sister. She allowed her sister to sit in her lap with the blanket wrapped around the both of them; it was a loving sight that he enjoyed seeing from her. \"If you all don't mend what's wrong between these two families,\" Wahl informed him, \"There won't be any family left to fight on either side.\" Schultz turned away from Jack to look at Wahl. He was a man that knew exactly how life worked. There was no doubt that Jack and her uncle had been close; they were more like father and daughter than David was to Jack. \"He's right,\" Jack informed her family that circled around the fire, \"This will never end unless we stop it.\" \"The McCoy's ain't got no faith in the Lord,\" Dale announced from around the circle, \"You all know what they've done went and done to one of our own. I'm sorry David, but we can't just let them get away with that.\" \"Jackie,\" Helena whispered softly and looked up at her sister who was not listening. \"Psalms 139:22,\" Peter recited with dignity and pride, \"I hate them with perfect hatred - with no approval whatever of their conduct; with no sympathy for the evil they do; with no words of apology for their sinful acts; with entire disapprobation. I count them mine enemies - as they are the enemies of God, so I regard them as my enemies. I do not wish to be associated with them, or to be regarded as one of them.\" \"Amen,\" the surrounding family members said in unison. Schultz watched as Jack and Wahl shook their heads in despair and embarrassment. He watched as Jack caught his gaze and gave him a soft smile of reassurance. \"Jackie,\" Helena said loudly in order to be heard and caught everyone's attention, \"No one thinks about Sissy woulda wanted.\" \"You're right Helena,\" Jack whispered as she placed a small kiss upon her little sister's head, \"Sissy wouldn't like this talk at all.\" \"What would she like then,\" Molly asked with a small smile on her face. \"Well she missed Jack just as much as anyone,\" Helena revealed as she looked up at her sister, \"She missed Jack's songs the most.\" \"No,\" Jack replied quickly. \"That sounds like a helluva idea, helluva idea,\" David announced and then pointed over to one of his cousin's oldest children, \"How 'bout you start playin' your fiddle there and Jack can sing us a song? Let's make it a good night tonight.\" \"No,\" Jack announced as she shook her head in embarrassment. She turned to see Schultz smiling at her. \"I'd like to hear you sing,\" he informed her with a devious smile. \"Let me tell you,\" Cotton announced with a large smile as he looked lovingly at his cousin, \"She sings beautifully, like a bird.\" \"No, I can't,\" she informed them as she shook her head just as her nameless cousin started to play on his homemade fiddle. \"I heard ya sing,\" Django spoke up. \"What,\" she asked in slight shock as she glared at him as Schultz turned to look at the man that he had travelled so long with. \"When did you hear her singin',\" he asked. \"The night before we got into Nacogdoches,\" Django answered with a knowing smile, \"She sang pretty good,\" he turned to look at Jack and added, \"You was singin' to your horse to calm him down before-\" \"I remember,\" she answered, stopping him quickly to save her mother's poor heart from shock. \"Please Jackie,\" Helena begged with bright blue eyes. \"Well,\" Jack whispered, \"How 'bout you start singin' and I'll join you?\" Helena smiled as she nodded her head and listened to her cousin playing the fiddle. \"This was Sissy's favorite song,\" Helena whispered softly to her sister. I know these hills,\" Helena sang with childlike innocence, \"I know these hills.\" \"I know the touch of the sacred ground,\" Jack softly added in with a smile, \"where they'll lay my body down. I know these hills.\" Schultz smiled as Jack's voice became sharper as she gained more confidence singing along with her younger sister. Her voice wasn't the prettiest thing that he had heard, it was like a bitter saccharine that one could not completely fall in love with or completely hate. She had a voice that was unique to her and her own attitude. Helena's soft, childlike voice brought in the innocence of life that had yet been destroyed while Jack's hard, matured voice brought in the reality of what life brought after that innocence was destroyed. There couldn't have been a more perfect song that could have been sung between the two. \"Stone on the Earth, rain in the sky, blood on the blade, hear the angels cry,\" Jack sang, slowly looking to Schultz for a reassuring look which he gave her quickly, \"Remember my name, the look in my eyes, oh I, oh I,\" she stopped and looked down as her sister joined in, \"I know these hills, I know these hills.\" The fiddle that her cousin played gently on the wind as she rocked her little sister in her arms. Tears filled her eyes as she remembered doing the same with Sissy. She quickly turned to Schultz and smiled softly as she saw concern take over his facial features. \"Ash into ash, dust unto dust,\" she sang softly, \"Father to son, steal and rust. Time comes a callin' and we all rise up,\" her voice carried across the air, \"I know these hills. I know these hills.\" \"Oooohhhhhhhh,\" Helena sang with childlike giddiness, \"Ohhhhhhhh, oh ooooohhhhh.\" David was the first to clap at his daughters and smiled as he turned to Schultz and said, \"Aren't my daughters the best you ever seen? Cream of the crop they are.\" Jack looked over to Schultz and shook her head as tears escaped her eyes. He watched as she quickly pushed herself from under her younger sister and hurried away from the fire back towards her parent's home and into her bedroom. \"What's wrong with Jackie,\" David asked as he watched Jack's retreating figure. \"Just leave her be honey,\" Molly whispered as she placed a kiss upon her husband's cheek. ... Jack lay in her sister's bed wide awake. The only sound that was being made was from Helena's light snoring. She turned on her side and stared at the door for a long while, contemplating if she should get out of bed and run to Schultz and tell her everything that she felt for him, but she was afraid. She wasn't sure if a relationship between the two of them could work out. She and Schultz had been travelling together for a very, very long time. They had developed some tensions between them both and shared kisses just weren't cutting it. She found her hands and feet moving on their own accord, shoving the blankets from her body, and running toward the door. Her heart beat quickly as she opened the bedroom door and softly walked across the cold wooden floor in her bare feet and white cotton nightgown that fell to her knees. Her hair was messy, but she didn't care as she slowly stopped in front of her old bedroom door. She took a deep breath as she stood in front of the door. Apprehension filled her body as she lifted her hand to the door to knock, but stopped quickly. She lowered her hand and quickly looked toward her parents' room where they slept deeply behind closed doors, enrapt in each other's loving arms. \"King,\" she whispered and closed her eyes as she placed her hand softly on the door, her fingers lightly touching the cold wood of the door, \"Don't open the door,\" she could hear him scuffling from the bed and walking toward the door to open it for her, \"Just listen.\" She sighed as she heard him stop at the door. \"I've been thinking about this all day,\" she said in a soft whisper as she leaned her body against the door with her eyes closed, \"I've been thinking over just how I feel about you, and I'd be lying if I told you that I do not feel anything for you, but I don't know how to tell you. So just,\" she paused, \"Just listen.\" There was no answer, but she could hear him breathing on the other side of the door. \"I've been on this road for so long,\" she whispered, \"There's not very many people on this road that I have chosen to travel this road, but you did, and we found each other,\" she swallowed the lump that was forming in her throat, \"This road that we are on isn't for the faint of heart, we strayed from our home. I did it because I want to leave my mark on history. I don't know if I will do that, it may all come together in the end or it may come unraveled and then I will have to find a new road to travel on,\" she stopped her quickening voice as her fingers trembled against the wooden surface of the door, \"I don't know if it's fate, or destiny,\" she smiled softly, \"or maybe it's even a mistake, but I want to walk this road with you. You and I both march to the beat of a different drum and somehow when we are together the beat is harmonious. I was going to kill you and Django and slip away, but I didn't,\" she chuckled softly, \"and I'm so very glad that I didn't, because King I really, really want to travel this road with you. I want to go where ever you are. You and Django, you two have become my family. It's you, King,\" she closed her eyes, \"It's you that makes me feel like home, this place, this is just dirt and timber, with you, the road that we travel is just a winding road that will never end and I want to be on it with you, my family.\" The door opened softly and Schultz smiled down at her. He watched as she looked up at him with dark eyes. His hands moved on their own accord as he placed his hand behind her ear and pulled her toward him, his lips moved against hers, begging for her to kiss him back which she did greedily. His other hand pulled her close to him and into the bedroom as if he were a spider pulling the fly into his den for a nice dinner. The door closed behind them and he pinned her against the wooden door. He looked down at her with a smile as he felt her hand caressing his beard. His legs shook as his knees held him steadily against the door; he could feel Jack shaking against him as she struggled to keep her balance against the door as passion swelled between the two of them. \"What a fine beard you have, my dear Whiskers,\" she whispered with a wicked smile on her face as she watched lust fill his eyes at her nickname that she had given him long ago that she had rarely used since their entrance into the mountains. She chuckled as his whiskers lightly tickled against her bare throat and collar bone. Her own hands found their way toward his vest and quickly unbuttoned each button and pulled his shirt open to reveal his chest to her. Her hands moved against his hairy chest as she moved into his body, moaning softly as she felt how much he wanted her as he pulled her away from the door and placed her on the bed. \"Jacqueline,\" he whispered as he looked down at her with her hair surrounding her on the white pillow like the halo of an angel, \"Are you sure?\" She smiled at him and shook her head as she adjusted herself underneath him, allowing her gown to slip down her thighs as she allowed him to lay between her thighs. \"Yes,\" she whispered in his ear as she lightly nibbled on his ear lobe, \"But we have to be quiet.\" She arched into him as he pulled her gown off of her, exposing her nude body that he had saw on their first encounter. He smiled down at her as she moved to unbutton his grey slacks to reveal his manhood. He moaned softly as he felt her soft hands graze against him and he placed soft kisses down her jawline and down her neck, exploring every inch of her upper body with his lips. He could feel her radiating warmth from underneath him and smiled as her hand reached up to him and lightly tussled his greying hair. He grabbed her hand and placed soft kisses upon her knuckles as he felt his passion for her growing just as he looked into her dark eyes that were pleading with him to touch her more, which he would soon abide to, but he would touch her in a torturous slow manner. \"King,\" she moaned softly as she grew tired of his teasingly slow touches and pushed herself on top of him. She smiled down at him as she looked deeply into his eyes and added, \"We aren't teasing each other anymore.\" ... Wahl stood on alert. He had volunteered to look out just in case the McCoy gang decided to raid during the night. He looked out over the hills and smiled as he heard the animals in the wild calling to their better halves. \"Hey Hatfield,\" he heard a harsh voice announce from behind him to see three McCoy boys coming at him. Wahl raised his hands, readying to fight them. He threw one punch and knocked the chubbiest of the McCoy boys down to the ground. He threw another off of him and groaned in anger as the tallest of the boys wailed into him with sharp punches. \"Stab him,\" he heard a strained voice announce from beside him. He quickly pushed the tall man off of him but as soon as he did he felt a sharp intense pain inside of his gut. The pain burned though his body as the sharp Bowie knife was removed from his gut and shoved higher up in the middle of his body, tearing through his vital organs. Blood fell from his body and stained his pressed white shirt as the knife was continuously removed and placed inside his stomach as if the McCoy was trying to gut him like a fish. \"Come on,\" he heard one of the McCoy boys demand harshly and the patter of horse hooves upon the ground just as the knife was finally removed from his body. He was shoved to the ground and watched as the tall man that had stabbed him began to walk away, leaving him alone to die on the side of a hill. \"You sorry son of a bitch,\" Wahl hissed between sharp breaths. \"You son of a bitch,\" the man hissed, \"What the hell did you say you god damned Hatfield?!\" Wahl spit bloody saliva at the man and smiled as he watched the light shine upon the silver of the gun that sparkled in the moonlight. \"You heard me you McCoy,\" Wahl stated, \"All cowards, the lot of ya.\" A gun shot rang through the air as the bullet passed through Wahl's muscle tissue and through vital organs, including his lungs. \"Let's go!\" Wahl lay on the cold ground bleeding out his precious life rubies, staining the ground that he laid upon. He shook his head at his luck. He had been the one that wanted to find a way to reason with the McCoys in order to stop this bloodshed, but it had ended with his own blood being spilled. He closed his eyes as he heard horse hooves from below rushing towards him to find his dying body. The bloodshed would soon unravel and he knew that there would be very few survivors… The song that Jack and Helena are singing together is \"I Know These Hills\" from the Hatfields & McCoys soundtrack. Will Wahl survive?![Chapter 18] Chapter 18: Take Me Home Lord Sorry for the long wait, combined with writing a ten page history paper, reading an authentic Civil War diary and reading many, many letters exchanged between Southern political leaders in the South that leads up to the Civil War for college...and the depressing fact that I have not received any reviews lately... but no worries I am back. Jack heard the horrible, desperate attempts to breathe coming from deep inside her uncle's lungs as he lay on the cold hard ground with blood gushing from his deep wounds that the small gang made up of McCoy boys had gifted upon his aging body. \"Uncle Wahl,\" she screamed as she bolted from atop her saddle and ran in her long white gown barefoot across the winter ground with the other Hatfield family hurrying from the rear, riding past her towards the men that had trespassed on their land. She hurried to his side and placed her hands upon Wahl's wounds in hopes of stopping the quick loss of blood that he was suffering from. Hot tears fell freely from her eyes as she looked down upon her dying uncle. \"Jackie,\" he whispered as he looked up at his young niece that he had favored since she was knee high to a grasshopper. He placed his bloodied hand upon her cheek and wiped away the falling tear as well as leaving his blood stained upon her cold white skin. \"Can you help him,\" she cried as she looked up at Schultz who had hurriedly dressed in the dark after the shots were heard and followed after her as she bolted out of the wooden cabin into the dark without any warm clothing on. He kneeled down beside her and looked at the paling man that had brought them into the Hatfield family land. Wahl had lost a lot of blood; if there were even a slight chance that he would survive something had to be done immediately. \"I don't-\" Jack shook her head as she clutched onto Wahl's hand and held it close to her body, \"No! We have to get him to the house.\" Schultz watched as the woman that he had never seen break down in such a way, tried desperately to move her heavy uncle toward her horse. He watched as the man's blood soaked into Jack's white cotton gown as she begged over and over for her uncle to stand up. \"Come on Wahl, we gotta get you up and to the house,\" she begged as she tried to help him from the ground. Wahl only moaned in intense agony as his body was moved. \"No,\" Wahl whispered in a contained breath, \"I'm not gonna make it.\" Shots were heard from the distance which pulled Jack to look away from her uncle momentarily in the distance and then back to her uncle. Rage and grief began to fill her cold body as she looked down at the bloody mess that remained of her once proud, sturdy uncle. \"Which one of them did it,\" she seethed in anger as she glared down at her pallid uncle who was closing his eyes as death slowly moved throughout his body. \"Jackie,\" he said in a haggard voice, \"Promise me-\" He closed his eyes and took a deep breath as he held on tightly to his niece's hand as more and more of his blood poured onto the ground causing a puddle to form under his body. \"No,\" she cried as she looked down at her uncle as his lips began to pale from the approaching death. \"Death is coming,\" he whispered to her as he forced his bloody hand towards her cheek and moved a bloody strand of hair out of her face so he could see her whole face, \"I want you,\" he took a deep breath, \"I want you to promise me that you'll take care of the old fool.\" \"You're gonna make it,\" she cried as she looked up to Schultz with a pleading sadness in her eyes that radiated from inside her breaking heart and soul as she held on tightly to her uncle's calloused hand, \"Tell him King. Tell him that he's going to be just fine.\" \"I'm going home, Lil Girl,\" he whispered with a small smile on his, \"The Lord is callin' me home.\" \"No,\" she cried loudly as she looked down at her uncle, \"I won't let Him take you!\" \"Jack,\" Schultz whispered as he looked down at Wahl who turned his head to look up at the German bounty hunter. \"You take care of her,\" Wahl whispered with a hitched breath as he looked up at Schultz, \"Okay Doc?\" With those last words to the German that had taken good care of his niece, he faded away from this world, still clutching onto his niece's hand. Jack watched with a lowered head as a last breath escaped her uncle's body. Sobs escaped her as she allowed herself break down in front of her dead relative and in front of the man that had stolen her deviled heart. \"No,\" she cried as she clutched Wahl's hands, \"No!' Schultz watched as Jack shook from broken nerves and immense sadness as she gazed down at the uncle that had been like a father to her. He could hear the sounds of gun fire in the distance as well as the wild barks of angered guard dogs. He forced himself to his feet and walked behind Jack. Schultz placed his hands under her arms and around her waist and forced her to her feet. He felt her trying to fight him in an attempt to get back to her uncle's fresh corpse, but he fought back and pulled her toward him. Sobs escaped her as her hands flailed in front of her and pounded into Schultz's chest as she tried to fall back to the ground to stay by her uncle's side. \"Jacqueline no,\" he said in a demanding voice as he grabbed her wrists and held them tightly in his hands. He looked down at her with dark brown eyes as he watched utter grief paint her features in a grotesque way as hot tears fell from her eyes and snot formed in her nose. She looked up at him and began to breathe heavily, with a quickened heart rate as panic set in as she listened to the screams of anger that wafted through the night air. He wrapped his arms protectively around her body and pulled her into his body in an dual attempt to comfort her in her time of great need and to hide her eyes from Wahl's body and the sounds of impending doom that echoed around them. \"I have got you Jack,\" he reassured her in a hushed tone, his accent thick as he rocked her sobbing form in his arms, \"I have got you.\" ... David Hatfield emerged from the woods, disturbing the fog that swam just above the ground, in front of the burning shack that the McCoy boys had hid inside. A shack that had once belonged to Wahl when he had decided to escape the duties of being a Hatfield son and study law; it had been his safe haven. Now flames clasped onto each wooden plank with a fiery grip with a demonic hissing as it destroyed the once safe haven of the learned Hatfield son. Painful screams from the McCoy boys echoed around them in the cold wind as each Hatfield man stood with weapons ready for a McCoy family member to traverse through their property with lethal intent. \"Stop,\" a choked voice screamed as a body rushed out of the burning shack with dark smoke fondling around him. Coughs escaped the moving boy as he hurried toward the gun toting Hatfield clan, \"I surrender!\" \"Hold your weapons,\" David announced as he watched the boy stand in front of them as he shivered in the wind from the horrors that he had witnessed inside the shack. The smell of burning wood and flesh wafted upon the breeze that moved around them as he stood tall in front of the clan, readying himself for any punishment that this family would see fit for the crime that he had participated in. \"Pa,\" an angered voice announced from behind David. He turned slightly to see Robert and Django riding toward them with guns in hand. \"What is it?\" \"Uncle Wahl didn't make it,\" Robert announced in anger as he pushed himself off of his horse. Django watched as the Hatfield son moved with the same rage that coursed through his body that he had seen Jack move with only months ago when they had gone to Big Daddy's home to bring in a rather large bounty. He watched as David Hatfield only nodded in acknowledgement. The man's face was emotionless as he moved slowly towards the lone McCoy son with lethal intent as he held his gun threateningly in front of him. \"No,\" Robert said in anger as he pushed passed his father and pulled his own pistol out ready to place a bullet between the murderer's eyes. \"He was my brother,\" David announced calmly as he pushed his son's shaking arm away, \"It's my job.\" \"You got any last words McCoy,\" Cotton Hatfield announced with a snarl as he sat atop his horse and looked down at the boy. \"What's your name boy,\" David asked with a strange calmness in his voice, \"Whose child are you?\" Django watched as the boy shivered as the wood fell from the burning house behind him; fear rattled the young man's bones. \"My…my…my,\" he stuttered in fear, \"My name is Paul McCoy. Son of Nancy and Randall McCoy.\" David looked over the young boy and nodded in acknowledgement. The way he looked upon the boy with cool indifference sent prickles of uneasiness through Django as he watched from atop his own horse as Jack's father held his gun threateningly in front of him, directly at the boy's forehead. \"Kneel,\" David demanded in a strong tone. The boy shivered at the demand but did not make the desired move that the Hatfield demanded from him. Django felt himself moving slightly forward in his saddle as he watched the boy shiver in fear as he was caught between a burning shack with flames of Hell fire had delivered his two family members to death's door and the Hatfield family that would bring him to death with cold indifference painted upon their tired and angered faces. \"Are you deaf McCoy,\" David asked, slight anger filling his voice at the utter disrespect that the boy was bestowing upon him, \"I said kneel.\" Django listened as the patriarch of the Hatfield clan pulled the pin on his gun back which made an audible clicking noise. \"I swear I didn't do nothin',\" Paul cried as he hurriedly fell to his knees and looked passed the gun that was aimed at him and into David's eyes, tears fell from his eyes as he looked up at the Hatfield patriarch, \"I swear. I didn't have nothin' to with what happened. It was just a mistake.\" \"A mistake,\" David asked as he allowed an almost demonic smile cross his face as the shadows of the flames from the building crossed his face, he looked over to his family and then back to the McCoy boy, \"You stabbed my brother over and over again,\" he shook his head, \"and then you shot him and left him to die. That's not a mistake boy, that's murder.\" \"I had nothin' to do with that,\" the boy cried, \"It was all Ellis and Matthew's id-\" A shot rang out and Django jumped as he watched the bullet exit the back of the young boy's head as blood, brains, and pieces of bone followed behind it. He watched in disgusted horror as the boy fell with one last nervous shake of his body to the ground where he passed on into Heaven or Hell, whichever place the good Lord deemed his soul worthy. \"Get his body out of here,\" David demanded as he looked over to Cotton and Robert, \"Take him back to the McCoys and let it be known that if they think that they will spill one more drop of Hatfield blood on this land that they will be met with a bullet in the neck.\" \"Yes sir,\" the two boys said in unison and hurried to wrap a rope around the young boy's head to drag him across the rocky terrain to the outskirts of the Hatfield homeland where the McCoys where hiding out. ... The morning came quickly for the Hatfield family. King had watched as Jack kept to herself and only answered questions with short answers. He watched as she withdrew from her family even more than before with the loss of her uncle. \"We're gonna be buryin' Wahl today,\" David announced from his place on the porch where the family had sat as they waited with guns ready in case the McCoys decided to make a surprise move inside the Hatfield land. \"Robert and Cotton are workin' on the coffin right now,\" he informed his suddenly mute daughter. He looked over to Schultz with a concerned look as Jack made her way back into the house where Wahl's body had been placed on the floor in the living room. \"Ya know,\" David whispered as he looked over to the German bounty hunter, \"Jack has always been close to my brother. Hell, he was always the better father figure in her life. He always knew how to handle her,\" he shook his head in regret, \"The last thing he said to me was about how he didn't want no more bloodshed…and now look what happened.\" \"She loves you,\" Schultz found himself blurting out as he looked over to the forlorn Hatfield father; he smiled as he pointed towards the distance, \"You know she talked a lot about you out there. Very good, I might point out.\" \"Then why don't she talk to me?\" Schultz shrugged his shoulders and allowed his hands to straighten his greying whiskers and added, \"Well the fact that she's mourning her uncle,\" and he forced a smile to come across as his face as he added, \"And the fact that she's as stubborn as a mule.\" David chuckled at Schultz's words and nodded as he replied, \"She is that. Just like my momma,\" he stopped and then looked over to the bounty hunter; a look of indifference now covered his face, \"I think that you and your nigger Django need to go on and get out of here. Go on about your business.\" Schultz was taken aback by the man's sudden change in demeanor. \"You can stay for the funeral course,\" he added to the surprised bounty hunter, \"Jack would like that I think…but after that I am expectin' you to get on your way.\" \"Like I said before,\" Schultz answered with a soft chuckle in hopes of relieving the tension that had formed between the two, \"Jack is under my protection until-\" \"Look Dr. Schultz,\" David said as he cast a lethal glare over to the German, \"There is a way that things work around here. Jack is my property and I've done sold her.\" Schultz looked at the man in confusion as he absorbed the information that he was being given, \"Sold? What do you mean-\" \"She's a married woman Schultz,\" David revealed, \"or soon to be anyways when she gets back into Mississippi. And it ain't becoming of her being off with a single man and a nigger alone anymore. You brought her back and that's fair enough, I thank ya for that. I'll send you the reward money, but my daughter is gonna be sent back. I lost too much on this deal just to keep her alive. And there ain't gonna be no arguin' about it. You and your Django gonna be out of here by night, ya hear?\" Reviews are what keep me happy :D[Chapter 19] Chapter 19: Hurt A frigid breeze blew over the collection of Hatfields that stood upon the graveside hill were many old wooden crosses stood tall as memorandums of lost kinfolks. A lone pine tree stood above them as a Hatfield cousin prayed as the wooden casket that held the body of Wahl Hatfield inside was lowered into the cold dark ground. Jack stood tall with her face void of any emotion as she listened to her cousin's prayer and vows of revenge upon the family that had started this violent vendetta against them. Schultz stood beside her, keeping a wary on her. She knew that he was worried, but her mind was occupied with thoughts of her lost uncle and just how she would get back at the McCoy family for this murder. Schultz glanced quickly over to Django with worry in his eyes as the harsh wind billowed the long skirts of Jack's black mourning dress; a dress that he could tell had been worn on more than one occasion. He watched as David Hatfield moved forward with his head held low and hat in hand, placed solemnly over his stomach as he stood in front of the open grave. \"My brother,\" he stopped as he looked down to the grave, holding in the pain that filled him, \"My brother was a damned good man. He had his faults, but all in all he was a damned fine man. He did what he could for his family. He brought Jacqueline back to us,\" he looked up to his daughter who was looking through him; he took a deep breath, \"Him being gone, so violently has made a big impact on us. My brother wanted this bitter disagreement handled right and he lost his life for that belief. It is clear-\" \"Death to all McCoys,\" a cousin screamed from the back. Schultz watched as Jack quickly closed her eyes and moved forward, her feet moved on their own consent towards the dirt heap. He watched as she carefully pulled a handful of dirt from the heap and was the first to throw dirt upon her uncle's wooden coffin. A single tear fell down her pale skin as the dirt scattered with a clumping noise as she glared down at the hole where her uncle's body would lay for all eternity. \"Good night Uncle Wahl,\" she whispered so softly that she doubted anyone could hear her speak. \"Jacqueline,\" the soft voice of Schultz said as he walked behind her and placed his hand upon her lower back in a comforting manner. She turned to him with dark eyes. Rage, sorrow, and hatred burned in her violently bright eyes as she glared at him. The cold wind blew hard against her and began to blister her sharp cheeks red. \"Don't,\" she warned darkly. He backed away from her slowly, raising his hands in understanding. He opened his mouth to say something reassuring to her, but she quickly cut him off. \"I'm sorry,\" she said in a bitter tone, \"I just can't right now. Please just understand. I don't want to talk to anyone. I don't want to be happy, or silly. I just, I can't do it right now.\" \"Okay,\" he replied with a nod of his head, accepting what she had said to him and understanding her need for space. He understood that she had lost a close friend, a loved one, a man that had been more of a father to her than her own father was. He watched as she hurried away from him with her head hung low. He watched as the silken ribbons of her black hat blew in the wind and her black skirts made out of cotton that slaves had toiled in fields to produce move with her body as she hurried down the hill and over old forgotten graves. \"How's she doin',\" Django asked as he came to Schultz's side and watched Jack walk away. \"She's in mourning,\" he informed his old friend, \"But,\" he said with a small confident smile and a raised hand, \"I think that she'll be just fine in due time.\" \"I got our stuff ready to go,\" Django informed him as he watched Jack walking far from them, \"Why you don't want Jack to know?\" \"Because Django,\" Schultz answered softly, in an almost tired tone, \"She's better with her family for now. She needs to be surrounded by people that love her.\" \"And you think these people love her?\" Schultz looked over to the family that was now dispersing from the grave site. He shrugged his shoulders and pursed his lips slightly. \"Isn't that what families do,\" Schultz asked of his dear friend. \"I think it's a lil lackin' in this family,\" Django whispered, \"What love this family had is now buried in six foot underground.\" \"I don't have any doubt in my mind that Jack will let us leave without some sort of ruckus,\" Schultz answered. ... Jack sat at the small writing desk in her sister's bedroom. She sighed as she looked down at the letter that she was writing. Words formed in wet, permanent black ink that her mouth hadn't the courage to speak. Her mourning hat was thrown haphazardly upon the well-made bed that she was forced to sleep on. \"What are you doing,\" she heard the soft voice of Helena speak up. Jack turned slightly away from her station to look at her young sister all dressed in black. \"Writing a letter,\" Jack answered honestly. \"Is it to Uncle Wahl?\" \"No,\" Jack said, anger in her voice, \"It's not for Uncle Wahl. Uncle Wahl is in Heaven, all I need do is speak to the skies and he will hear my words.\" \"Then who is it for,\" Helena asked as she moved slowly towards her older sister. \"It's for Dr. Schultz,\" she answered with an almost emotionless tone as she turned away from her sister to continue on with her writing. \"Why do you have to write him a letter,\" Helena asked, \"Why not just speak aloud to him?\" \"Because they are words that my mouth cannot say, Helena,\" Jack answered simply, \"Now what do you want Sister? I'm a little busy at the moment.\" \"Cousin Cotton wants a word with you out there in the barn,\" Helena informed her quickly. \"What about?\" \"I don't know. Didn't ask. I think it's about adult stuff though,\" Helena answered with a shrug of her shoulders, \"Does he still want you to be his?\" Jack turned quickly to her little sister, her brows furrowed as she looked at the young girl dressed in black. The question had taken her by surprise coming from such a young child. \"Even if he does,\" Jack explained, taking it upon herself to speak to her younger sister like she was a young adult, \"There are some things that men cannot claim for themselves. It is a woman's decision to decide if she wants to belong to a man or not,\" she stopped and looked at her younger sister, \"Do you understand that?\" Helena nodded. \"Don't ever let anyone dictate how your life will be,\" she demanded of her sister, \"Just because you are a Hatfield does not mean that you are bound by duty to be loyal to them.\" \"Do you love Dr. Schultz,\" Helena asked, ignoring Jack's words, \"Is that why you left here and didn't marry Cousin Cotton?\" \"That's not why I left,\" Jack informed Helena as she stood up and folded the letter carefully, \"Now I'm going to leave this letter here. I don't want you messin' with it, ya hear?\" \"Yes,\" Helena answered with a nod as she watched her older sister nod in return as and walk out of the bedroom. She waited for the sound of the door closing to hurry to the writing desk where she quickly unfolded the letter and read it with sparkling eyes. \"I knew it,\" she whispered in glee as she folded the letter back perfectly. She knew what her father had demanded of the dentist and his black faced friend, she could help her sister… ... \"Son of a bitch,\" Boyd screamed in anger as he watched Tommy pull what was left of their young cousin out of the cold stream. The boy's skin was clammy and white from blood loss. His eyes were glassy. Small cuts and mud covered his body from being dragged then thrown into the river. \"Hatfields did this,\" a McCoy cousin informed the group as they looked at the bullet wound in between the young man's eyes. \"But Boyd,\" Tommy declared as he looked away, \"You and I both know these boys killed Wahl Hatfield in cold blood. They stabbed him over and over again, then shot him. Johnny told you so.\" \"Wahl drug Billy to death. Then those Hatfields burned Ellis and Matthew. They shot poor Paul clean between the eyes,\" Boyd said as he hurried away from the small stream and back towards his horse, \"This is the last time McCoy blood will be spilt,\" he looked up at the sky, the sun was readying to set and darkness would soon take over, \"We're endin' this today! Get on your horses.\" Boyd pulled himself up on his horse and waited for the rest of his family members to clamber atop their nags. \"We gonna kill 'em all,\" he yelled over them, \"Jack Hatfield is mine though! You leave that little wench to me!\" He jerked his horse around and faced the direction of the Hatfield lands, \"Hatfields be damned!\" Tommy watched with foreboding as his family rushed across the river stream, hoots and hollers filled the air around him in their excitement to end a family that had nothing to do with what had happened. Everything had gotten way out of hand. It all started with what happened to the Hatfield daughter. That's what started it all. The fault lay with the one McCoy boy, but it had escalated into something more, something that was destroying both families. ... Jack walked into the old barn. She saw Cotton and her brother standing tall, along with her many male cousins. Their eyes were sternly set on her as she walked into the cold barn. Two horses ate in slight agitation with the people that were disturbing their dinner. \"Where's Fritz,\" she asked as she looked over to the empty stall where Schultz's horse had made his home. \"Daddy wants you out here and away from the house,\" Robert informed her quickly as he walked towards. \"Why does he want that,\" she asked her eyes jerked towards the empty stall that Black Jack had escaped from during the course of the day. Her heart beat in worry as she watched the boys coming closer towards her. \"David thinks it's better if they left you here,\" Cotton informed her, \"With me.\" \"No ding bat,\" Peter announced from the back, \"He wants her to go back to Calvin Candie so he can get his land back.\" \"What,\" she asked, backing up and turning quickly. Worry for King and Django filled her as her legs tried moving with long strides, but her long and heavy black mourning dress kept her at a slow gait. She jerked as she felt arms wrap around her wrists and pull her back. \"Let me go,\" she hissed in anger as she was pulled deeper into the barn, she jerked violently in her brother's arms. \"You gotta go back,\" Robert whispered in her ear, hoping to calm her down. \"No,\" she screamed as she shoved her elbow into his stomach and twisted out of his grip. Her hands moved quickly up underneath her skirt where she jerked her hidden pistol out of its home upon her thigh. She held it towards her family with lethal intent. \"Jackie,\" Cotton stated cautiously as he held his hand up to her, \"You wanna put that down?\" \"No I don't think that I do,\" she said in anger as she blew her fallen bangs out of her sweating forehead, \"I'm not. You come a step nearer, I'll shoot you all dead.\" \"We're family,\" Peter said as he bolted towards her. A loud bang echoed throughout the barn. The horses jumped in sudden fear and pawed at the ground as they ran in hopeless circles. The chickens from outside clucked in sudden fright. Peter wailed in pain as he pulled his knee to his chest and clutched his busted open boot in his hands. Blood covered his hands as he cried. \"Bitch shot me in the fuckin' foot,\" he screamed as the males turned to look at him. \"Sorry boys,\" she stated with a wicked smile as she whistled for Black Jack, \"I have a reputation to keep up and this family ain't going to change what I am.\" Black Jack billowed in excitement as he rushed towards his owner. She jumped upon him and rode sidesaddle away from the barn. Her hair fell out of its bun as the cold wind whipped by her. The sun was just above the tree line as she rushed by her home where her father was running out of the house with anger and disbelief clearly on his face as she rode passed him. She could see her mother and her sister following him out of the house, both wearing smiles and her sister jumping in excitement at her escape. \"Sorry Daddy,\" she announced as she kicked Black Jack in the flanks and hurried down the well beaten path that Schultz and Django had taken. She knew that she could catch up with them; she knew that they couldn't have gotten very far. Black Jack's hooves beat over the cold hard ground as she finally came up on Schultz and Django. A large smile came across her face as she whistled at them. \"Damn,\" Django whispered, \"That was fast.\" Schultz chuckled and twirled his fantastic mustache as he brought Fritz to a stop just as Jack and her horse moved towards them. \"Woah boy,\" she demanded softly of Black Jack as she pulled back on the reins and patted him gently on his muscled black neck. Her eyes darted to Django and then to Schultz and she shook her head, \"You left without me! I thought we were in this excursion to get Broomhilda back together?\" Schultz smiled at her question and replied, \"Well,\" he looked around slyly, \"we knew it wouldn't take you long to find out that we were gone. We were just about to stop to wait for-\" Shots and hollers were heard off in the distance, in the same direction that Jack had just escaped. Schultz watched as worry quickly painted his lover's sharp face. He watched as she turned to look at him with fear in her eyes. \"I have to go back,\" she explained in an almost begging tone, \"I can't leave them with that.\" More shots were heard, it sounded as if a civil war was raging on the Hatfield land that Schultz and Django had just left. Schultz watched as Jack and her horse raced across the earth with dust moving behind them. \"We gonna go off after her,\" Django asked as he looked over to the man that had freed him. \"Of course not,\" Schultz informed him as he turned Fritz around and kicked him in the flank, \"Remember,\" Schultz added as he looked over to the black man beside him, \"Smooth is more important than fast, and more important than smooth is accurate.\" Jack jumped off of Black Jack with speed as she watched bullets flying around her. Her brother and her cousins held positions with guns pointed towards the trees were cowardly McCoys hid as they tried to murder her entire family. She ran towards Cotton who was fighting off three McCoy cousins that had been brave to come out of the tree lines. She ripped her gun out of her holster and shot at one of the McCoys, giving Cotton ample enough time to grab his pistol and finish off the other two while Jack shot at the encroaching armed men. \"I AM HELL ON EARTH,\" Cotton screamed as he held his arms up in victory and spit upon the three dead McCoys at his feet. A loud shot erupted within Jack's left ear. She watched in horror as a bullet moved through Cotton's throat, leaving blood to spew from his artery and paralyzed on the ground. \"Shit,\" she whispered as she ducked an oncoming bullet and hurried away from her cousin and back towards the house where she could find the rest of her weapons. She could see Django and Schultz coming up with their guns barred, ready to fight to keep her safe. \"Sister,\" a small voiced called out to Jack. Jack stopped quickly in the middle of the cross fire with her head tucked down low as she looked for the familiar yet scared voice of her baby sister. \"Over here,\" Helena cried from under a wagon wheel with tears streaming down her chubby cheeks. Jack hurried over to her sister, crouching as she moved to avoid flying bullets. \"Come on,\" Jack demanded as she grabbed onto Helena's elbow and pulled her out from under the wagon, \"On the count of three we are going to run to the house okay?\" \"Uh huh,\" Helena whispered as she sucked in the snot that was escaping her nose. \"Three,\" Jack screamed in worry as she forced her sister to run across the newly made battle field of bullets and dead McCoys and Hatfields, \"Almost there!\" She shoved open the door and threw her sister to the ground as she bolted the door behind her. She opened her eyes to see her mother and grandmother hiding under the table. She watched as her mother reached her arms out and embraced her youngest daughter. \"Oh thank God,\" she cried as she buried her head into her daughter's long locks of hair and held her close, \"God was with you both.\" \"What you doin',\" the old grandmother asked as she watched Jack hurrying to load a shot gun and her pistol with a look of determination and fear upon her features. Her hands moved quickly as the sounds of screaming echoed around them. \"What's it look like I'm doing,\" Jack asked bitterly as she placed her back against the wall, readying herself to go back into the battlefield. She took a deep breath as she opened the door and violently thrust herself out into the open. She shot at and brought down several McCoy boys with the shot gun and quickly discarded it as she reached for her pistol. She looked around with darting eyes as she looked for the man that she wanted. Her eyes sparkled with revenge as she found the burly chested Boyd retreating like the coward that he was back into the dense trees that surrounded the Hatfield home. She quickly picked up the ends of her mourning dress and held her pistol steady as the bullets soon started to cease as the remaining McCoys rushed into the safety of the thick trees. As she entered into the dense woods, she quickly came upon a clearing and hurried into the middle of it. Her eyes and ears heightened as she waited for any sign of Boyd. She had seen him hurry this way, but yet there was no visible sign of him. \"Come out, come out,\" she said in a singsong tone, \"where ever you are.\" A shot rang out and she felt a pain jut through her hand and up her arm. The pain radiated through her body though there was no wound visible. She watched as her gun fell to the ground and a laugh resounded around her. She turned quickly to see Boyd standing in front of her with an almost demonic, prideful smile upon his face. \"Look at what I got here,\" he said happily as he edged closer to the lone woman, the woman that he had been chasing for months, \"The little lady all alone for once.\" He moved towards her and lurched out with one hand and shoved her to her knees. He felt powerful as she looked up at him from her place on her knees. \"Why don't you pray to God for mercy? Pray for him to help you,\" he asked bitterly as he looked down on her. \"I ain't ever took comfort in prayin' to him before,\" she hissed as she glared into his eyes as she looked up at him, \"I doubt He'll hear me now.\" Boyd chuckled at her words and replied, \"What need do Hatfields have of God.\" \"That's right,\" she informed him as she glared up at him, weaponless and almost hopeless. \"You know why I'm gonna have to kill you, don't you,\" he asked bitterly. \"No,\" she answered with a shrug and a harsh smile, \"Not really.\" She watched with a bright smile as anger bubbled inside the man that held her in place on her knees in front of him. \"You killed my brother,\" he informed her quickly as he cocked his gun and placed it at her temple, \"Now what we gonna do 'bout that?\" \"Your brother deserved it, you know,\" she informed him in a matter of fact tone. \"As you deserve to die with a bullet in your head,\" he informed her. She rolled her eyes and added, \"Your brother was a self-important greedy little puss. He got what was comin' to him,\" she lifted a brow, \"Unless I'm thinking about some other self-important greedy little puss that I killed.\" The butt of his gun came violently in touch with her cheek. The power of the impact caused Jack to fall over and lay on her side. Her hand came to her cheek but was quickly jerked away as she first felt Boyd's foot kicking into her ribs and then felt his fisted hands coming in contact with her face over and over again as he positioned himself on top of her. She moved quickly, tried to fight but his huge girth overpowered her and every punch weakened her body. \"Jackie,\" screams from the house echoed through the trees causing Boyd to stop his dangerous punches. He looked down on the woman underneath him to see blood pouring from her mouth and her nose; he could see the outlines of bruises forming on her swollen face. He smiled in satisfaction at the damage that he had done. \"Adios Mad Jack,\" he whispered as he cocked his gun, \"I want you to die slowly like you did to my brother.\" Tears of pain fell from Jack's bloody eyes as she watched him pull the trigger. The bullet ripped through her stomach. He shot again, this time the bullet pierced her chest causing her eyes to close as the pain and quick blood loss filled her body. Boyd hurried from his place atop Mad Jack Hatfield and whistled for his horse. He hurried away from the woman that would soon pass through the gates of Hell. He could hear the voice of David Hatfield screaming and crying as he came upon his daughter's body. \"No, Jackie,\" David cried as he dropped to his knees beside his daughter. He grabbed onto her cold hand and held it close to his as he cried. He could still feel a soft pulse as he held her hand in his. \"Okay,\" he cried, \"It's going to be okay.\" He watched as his daughter's swollen eyes opened slightly and she slurred out his name. \"I'm so sorry,\" he cried as he looked down at her, \"Please forgive me.\" \"Daddy,\" she whispered with blood pouring from her mouth, \"Don't let me die.\" As a history major I have read many, many, many letters from this time period. The thing with reading letters is that you don't actually hear their voices. Just like me writing here, you have no idea what I sound like. So with speech patterns, I'm going off of my own, which is very stereotypical Southern. We don't know how they spoke, we weren't there...I'm willing to bet it is very similar to how we speak today. And Jack kind of goes in between how she speaks, whether it be educated or slang, depends on who she is talking to and in what manner she is speaking in. If you live in the South and watch people around you their accent changes from person to person. I, for example, have a very noticeable accent when I am excited. I always have it, but it's more noticeable in certain situations. So I just depict her accent as a real human person. So it changes. Okay, back to business. I had some really great reviews! How about some more? What is to happen to Jack? Nothing is worse than a gut shot! Boyd is still on the loose. What will happen to him? Review! :) ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Bounty Don't own any characters except my own, that's the only time I will say it! Schul"},{"Movie":"In Time","Title":"Nothing But Time","Author":"timberlakechasez","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12868185","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Justin, you gotta stop with this, man,\" Chris Kirkpatrick spoke, looking at his best friend and coworker, Justin Timberlake. Justin sighed, as he pulled up the sleeve of his light blue dress shirt and looked at the seconds, and minutes ticking away on his arm. Where they lived, there was no such thing as money. Money was time. And once the time on your arm hit zero, you were dead. Justin had recently moved to New York after his mother timed out, leaving him with no parents. His father died when he was a child, and he and his mom were extremely close, so when she died, Justin made a promise to her. He was going to do everything he could to move on with his life and better himself, no matter how much time he had. \"I just - I'm doing everything right, Chris. I have a job. A good job. Fuck, I'm a graphic editor at GQ. I don't know how much more I can do. Yet, I still have only 3 days to my name,\" The 23 year old sighed, turning his head back to the glass of his vodka and coke, taking a sip. \"It might have something to do with your consistency with buying alcohol,\" The 33 year old teased, nudging his friend. When he didn't see a smile, he sighed. \"Come on, J. You started at GQ 4 months ago. When you did, you had about an hour to your name. You spent all your time to move here. It takes time to build it back up,\" He tried to help, looking around the darkly lit bar they sat in. \"Yeah, time that I don't have,\" Justin scoffed. He looked around the bar, seeing couples dancing and grinding on one another, with no care in the world, just enjoying their time. His eyes then turned to the VIP section on the next level of the club, and noticed a tall, raven haired man, leaning over the railing and staring directly at him. Justin's breath hitched, taking in the man's black dress shirt and dress pants, and instantly deciding he was the most gorgeous thing he'd ever seen in his life. Justin slowly ripped his eyes away from the man, turning to Chris. \"W-who's that?\" He questioned, eyes turning back to the male who was no longer looking at him, but the group of people he was with. Chris followed his gaze, smirking when he saw where his friend was looking. \"JC Chasez. His family owns one of the biggest time banks in the country. He's rich,\" Chris said, sipping his gin and tonic. Justin sighed as he turned back to JC, blushing when their eyes met again. \"So basically, that means he'd never go for someone as broke as me,\" He mumbled. The two friends quietly sat and chatted with one another about their upcoming projects at work, and when they were going to get their much needed pay checks. But Justin couldn't help his mind from wandering to JC. He was so gorgeous, and Justin saw something in his eyes, but he couldn't put his finger on it. \"Justin?\" Chris questioned, shaking his best friend out of his deep thoughts. \"Huh? Sorry, what?\" The 23 year old responded, and Chris smirked. \"I asked if you were ready to go,\" He repeated. \"Oh. Uh - yeah,\" The younger of the two responded, running his hand through his short, light brown curls and standing up. \"I - uhm - I gotta go to the washroom,\" He spoke. \"You want me to hold your hand or something?\" Chris teased, seeing Justin roll his eyes. \"I'm kidding. I'll be outside. I'll wait for you to call a cab,\" He said, putting a hand on Justin's shoulder before walking through the sea of people and out of Justin's vision. The truth was, he didn't exactly have to go to the restroom. He saw JC descend down the long staircase of the VIP section and head towards the direction of the washroom, and Justin felt a pull towards the man. He needed to see him face to face. He walked towards the restroom, and as he entered the empty corridor that lead there, his breath hitched. There he was. Leaning against the wall, one leg bent and resting against it, his arms folded. Almost like he was waiting for him. As Justin got a better look at JC, he realized that his initial thoughts of how beautiful he was, was an intense understatement. The only word that came to mind was perfection. He felt his heart flutter, and when he focused on JC again, he saw him smile smile and begin to walk towards him, Justin frozen in place. \"Hi,\" The man breathed. \"I was hoping you'd find your way back here.\" \"H-hi,\" Justin stumbled, his mind racing a mile a minute, and JC chuckled, taking Justin's hand in his own and pressing it to his lips. \"I'm JC.\" \"Justin,\" He responded, unable to tear his gaze away from JC's cobalt eyes. \"Justin,\" JC repeated, smiling in approval. \"Why have I never seen you here before?\" \"I - uhm - I just moved here. From Memphis. To start a new job,\" Justin replied with the short summary of his recent months. Sure, JC was by far the most handsome man he'd ever laid eyes on, but he was still a stranger. He didn't need to know Justin's full story. Not yet. \"So, you don't know who I am?\" JC questioned, his mouth slowly curling into a smirk as he slowly rolled up the sleeve of his black dress shirt, revealing that he had almost a million years. Justin inhaled slowly as he looked at the number, then back up to JC's face. \"No,\" The 23 year old responded, absentmindedly tugging on his own sleeve, making sure his time was hidden. JC noticed, and put a hand on Justin's, stopping him. \"I don't care how much time you have. I'm not like that. In fact, it's actually kind of nice to have someone who isn't bowing at my feet and begging for time,\" JC spoke, and Justin could see the sincerity in his eyes. Slowly, he pulled the blue fabric covering his forearm, showcasing 3 days, 4 hours, 21 minutes and 37 seconds, in a bright green glowing text. JC nodded at the number, and Justin felt some of his worries fade. \"See, that wasn't so bad,\" He softly said, placing his forearm over Justin's and turning it before Justin could even realize what was happening. \"I don't want your time,\" He tried to protest, but JC wasn't letting go. \"I want you to have time. How am I supposed to get to know you if you have no time?\" JC said, and Justin looked up, surprise in his crystal blue eyes. \"You want to get to know me?\" He questioned, and JC lightly chuckled. \"Of course I do. I wouldn't have waited for you like an idiot back here if I didn't,\" JC responded, finally taking his forearm off of Justin's. Justin shifted his eyes to his arm, gasping at the text on his arm. 100 years. JC had just given Justin 100 years. \"JC -\" He started, but was silenced when the older man put a finger to his lips. \"Sh. 100 years is nothing to me.\" \"But - you just met me. You barely know me,\" He tried to rebuttal, his voice silencing and his head lowering. \"But i'd like to. There's something about you, Justin. Something that intrigues me,\" He said, lifting his chin, and chuckled when he saw the other man blush. \"Come home with me,\" He whispered, and Justin's eyes widened. \"I just want -\" He started, and before he could finish, Justin couldn't resist the urge to lean forward and press his lips to JC's, enveloping him in a kiss. JC was surprised, but melted into the kiss as Justin put his hands through JC's raven hair. Justin moaned as JC put his hands on his thighs, lifting him off the ground and allowing the slightly younger man to wrap his legs around his waist. The two pulled apart, Justin's blue orbs slowly opening, his hands still wrapped around JC's neck. \"Does that answer your question?\" He asked, slightly out of breath. JC smiled, placing Justin back on the floor. \"It sure does. Just let me call my driver and we'll get out of here,\" He said, and Justin gasped. \"Shit! I forgot - my friend Chris - he's waiting for me outside. I told him I was going to the bathroom,\" Justin remembered, putting a hand on his face. JC chuckled, putting a hand on his lower back. \"That's not a problem. I'll call another driver for him,\" The raven haired male responded. \"Go tell him. I'll wait here,\" He urged, gently pushing Justin towards the front door. As Justin's feet lead him through the crowded dance floor, he couldn't believe he was in the situation that he was. He wasn't typically the type to just willingly go home with someone he just met. But there was something about JC. Something that wouldn't allow him to say no or regulate his feelings. Sighing, he once again ran a hand through his curls, pushing the entrance door open and spotting Chris. \"Hey,\" He greeted, watching as his friend turned around with a smirk. \"Okay, do I even want to know why you took so long and why the hell you have the 'I'm about to get laid' look?\" Chris smirked, crossing his arms. \"Shut it, Kirkpatrick. I - uhm - I called a car for you,\" He said, looking down, missing the look of amusement on Chris' face. \"You're calling me a car? Didn't you just complain about how much time you didn't have?\" The elder questioned, his eyebrows mockingly raised. \"Can you just shut up? I'll explain later,\" He huffed, starting to get impatient with his best friend. An extremely hot man was waiting for him, and instead he was standing outside arguing. Chris' eyes shifted to Justin's forearm, and before the younger could protest, he grabbed his arm, pushing up the sleeve of his dress shirt and gasping at the number he saw. \"100 years?! Justin what the -\" He exclaimed, and instantly, Justin's hand covered his mouth. \"Sh! Are you trying to get me killed?!\" He spat, waiting for Chris to calm down before removing his hand. If anyone knew how much time he had, he'd be a target. People would do anything for time around their area. \"Sorry, J. But where the hell did you get 100 years?!\" He exclaimed in a hushed whisper. \"Look, I told you I'd explain later. I gotta go,\" Justin responded, turning away from Chris and heading back into the club. He walked to the bathroom corridor as fast as his legs would let him, smiling when he saw JC still waiting there, his cell phone pressed to his ear. \"Okay. We'll be right out. Thank you,\" JC said, his eyes glued to Justin's as he ended the call. \"Hey.\" \"Hey,\" Justin blushed. \"You ready to go?\" \"Yeah. I'm ready,\" He said, nervously rubbing his hands together. He couldn't believe he was going home with someone he'd just met. Not to mention someone with a million years to their name. Justin was shaken out of his thoughts when JC placed a kind hand on his arm. \"Hey. You don't need to be nervous, Justin,\" JC's said, and as Justin looked in his eyes, he saw the honesty apparent and smiled. \"Okay. Let's go,\" He responded, allowing himself to be led out of the crowded club.[Chapter 2] We're here,\" JC announced, turning to look at Justin who's jaw dropped open, staring at the building in front of him. It was a 4 story mansion, with dark exterior walls, about 4 cars in the driveway, the modern design striking Justin as expensive. \"Where is here?\" Justin asked, his blue eyes searching the property. JC smiled and thanked the driver as he opened his door, allowing him to crawl out and wait for Justin to follow. He placed a hand on his lower back, guiding him down the long, cobblestone driveway. \"Here is where I live,\" He responded, watching as Justin's eyes increasingly widened. \"Wait, you live here?!\" The Memphis native exclaimed. Yeah, Chris had told him that JC was rich, but it didn't click until he saw just how rich he was. JC laughed, running his free hand through his raven hair, reaching the large, dark, wooden doors and typing in a code that sat above the handle. As the door opened, Justin couldn't help but just stand there, still somewhat in shock that this was even happening. \"Come on,\" JC encouraged, taking the lead and stepping foot into his foyer. Justin followed nervously, and before he could wonder why the lights were already on, an older gentleman wearing a tuxedo appeared beside them, a gold hanger in his hand. \"Good evening, Mr. Chasez,\" He greeted, nodding his head at JC. \"Evening, Marcel,\" JC responded, turning to Justin and noting him standing slightly behind him, undoubtedly intimidated. Without taking his eyes off of Justin, JC slowly took off his black double breasted coat, handing it to Marcel. Marcel's eyes followed JC's gaze as he put the coat on the hanger, and finally noticed the other man standing there. \"Oh, forgive me, Mr. Chasez. I weren't aware you were having any guests tonight,\" The man spoke, smiling apologetically. JC finally ripped his eyes off of the boy beside him, turning to Marcel. \"No worries. This was just a last minute decision anyways. Marcel, this is Justin…\" He started, turning to Justin as he realized he didn't yet know his last name, yet he was so eager to bring him home. \"Timberlake,\" Justin finished, turning to look at JC, who smiled softly. \"Timberlake,\" JC repeated with a huge smile, as if in approval. He would never have guessed it, but Justin Timberlake seemed to be the perfect name for the man. \"Mr. Timberlake, allow me to go grab another hanger and I'll hang up your coat,\" He spoke, nodding at the two before disappearing down the long corridor, leaving them. JC turned to look at Justin, and noticed his eyes focused on where Marcel had just walked, his confusion evident. \"Marcel. My butler,\" He explained with a slight shrug. Justin chuckled, turning to JC. \"I love how you say it as if it's something everyone has.\" \"Isn't it?\" JC responded, and Justin's smile faded. Soon, JC erupted into laughter. \"Oh my God, that was priceless! Obviously I know not a lot of people have a god damn butler. But hey, my family can afford it, so why not?\" He shrugged. Justin laughed, before noticing Marcel approaching them again, an identical hanger in his hand. \"Mr. Timberlake,\" He spoke, and Justin slowly removed his black and white windbreaker, handing it to the shorter man. \"Thank you,\" Justin gently said, as Marcel hung up the jacket neatly, nodding at the two. \"My pleasure. Mr. Chasez, you know where you may find me if you need anything, correct?\" \"Yes. Thank you, Marcel,\" JC smiled, watching the man walk away. He placed his hand on Justin's lower back, guiding him to the large, black velour couch that sat in his living room. \"Are you hungry?\" He asked, and Justin slowly shook his head, still taking everything in as JC sat next to him. \"No, I'm okay. Thanks,\" He spoke shyly. \"Okay. Well if you are, just let me know. There's a chef in the kitchen,\" The raven haired male spoke, and Justin chuckled. \"Why am I not surprised?\" He replied, and JC laughed. \"So, you said you moved here after you got a job right?\" JC asked, wanting to know more about the gorgeous man sitting next to him. \"Yeah.\" \"What do you do?\" He questioned, and Justin could see the genuine interest. \"I'm a graphic editor at GQ magazine.\" \"Cool. So you must of went to school for that?\" \"Yeah, I did. I just recently graduated from the University of Memphis,\" He nodded. \"You must be pretty young then,\" JC observed, recalling how old he was when he graduated. \"I'm 23,\" Justin replied, searching JC's eyes for any sign of disapproval or shock, but he saw none. \"28,\" JC offered, wanting to be completely honest with Justin. The slightly younger male smiled, conveying that he had no issue with the 5 year age difference. \"I went to NYU. I majored in business and minored in theatre,\" JC explained, and saw Justin's bright blue eyes soften. \"That's awesome. So you - like - work for your family's company?\" Justin asked, pleasantly surprised to see that JC wasn't the typical rich man. He actually put in work and didn't just sit around and let everything be handed to him. \"I handle a lot of the deals with cities and trying to find out where to put Chasez Bank locations. It's cool. I didn't want to just be that rich kid who sat on their ass and got everything handed to them,\" JC explained, and then continued. \"So, this job at GQ. Is that what you've always wanted to do?\" \"No, not really. It's a great start, and I'm so thankful I have the job, but being a senior editor and getting the real say in the top magazines, that's the goal,\" Justin said, nodding. \"You'll get there. You said you just started?\" \"4 months ago, yeah. The friend that I was at the club with tonight - Chris - he's the head of recruitment at GQ. He saw my work and reached out to me a couple of times, but at first I wasn't ready to leave Memphis. I wanted to stay and be with my mom because I knew she wasn't in the greatest position. But then she uhm… she timed out, and after that - I couldn't stay in Memphis. I contacted Chris and asked if the job was still available and he flew me out the next day,\" Justin explained, looking down. He didn't expect to share so much personal information with a man he just met, but something about it just felt right. He felt like he'd known JC all his life. Slowly, JC gently brought his hand up to Justin's chin, lifting it so their eyes were connecting. \"I'm so sorry you went through that,\" He whispered, the sincere sympathy glistening on his tan skin. Justin felt his heart flutter and took a deep breath, closing his eyes and trying to calm his nerves. He'd never been one to believe in love at first sight, but how he was feeling towards the absolutely stunning man who sat before him, he abandoned his initial belief. This couldn't be anything except love at first sight. \"JC -\" He started, only to be interrupted. \"Josh,\" The older man whispered, causing Justin's eyes to softly open in confusion. \"Call me Josh. JC is a nick name,\" He said, knowing he typically didn't let anyone that wasn't extremely close to him call him by his given name, but he felt an instant connection to Justin. \"Josh…,\" Justin spoke, and JC moved his hand to caress Justin's two pairs of crystal blue orbs met one another, each shining with desperation and belonging. Slowly, JC leaned in, pressing his lips to the younger males, Justin's lips instinctively parting, his hands coming wrapping around JC's neck. Josh deepened the kiss, wrapping his arms around Justin's waist and pulling him into his lap, placing his hands firmly on his waist. Slowly, JC pulled away, breathing heavily and staring into Justin's glistening eyes, clearly begging for more. \"We don't have to do this, Justin. I - I don't want you thinking I'm taking advantage of you,\" He spoke, feeling his heart flutter. Sure, when he initially saw Justin, he was so blinded by his beauty and couldn't think of anything that he wanted to do more than take him home. But as they talked, JC truly felt that they could be more than just sexual partners. \"I wouldn't be here if I thought you were taking advantage of me,\" The 23 year old whispered. \"Okay,\" JC smiled, kissing Justin once again and putting his hands on his ass, lifting him up and carrying him up the long, marble staircase. When they reached the master bedroom, Justin broke the kiss and turned his head, looking at the king sized bed and the black, silky comforter that laid on top. \"You sure you're okay with this?\" He asked once more. \"Just shut up, Josh,\" Justin spoke, with a smirk that JC returned. \"I think I like you, Justin Timberlake,\" He spoke, before throwing Justin onto the bed. — It was the next morning, and JC stood in front of his mirror, combing through his raven hair and adjusting the collar of his navy blue dress shirt. He smiled as he looked back to his bed, seeing Justin still peacefully sleeping, his arms hugging the satin pillow. His admiration for the man was interrupted when he heard the shrill of a ringing cell phone, and sighed loudly, noting the noise was coming from the pocket of Justin's jeans again. It was the 4th or 5th time someone was trying to reach the 23 year old, and Josh couldn't help his frustration. Why didn't they get the hint that he was busy? Could they not just let him sleep? Rolling his eyes, JC made his way to the denim that laid absently on the floor, picking the phone out of the back pocket just as it stopped ringing. He then kneeled down beside Justin's face, gently placing a hand on his back. \"Hey,\" He whispered, chuckling when he didn't get a response. \"Justin,\" He spoke louder, beginning to rub his thumb up the younger male's bare back. Slowly, Justin's blue eyes fluttered open, instantly lighting up at the sight of JC. \"Hi,\" He said, his voice groggy with sleep as he brought his hands to his face and rubbed his eyes. \"Someone's been calling you non-stop for the past hour. I was trying to ignore it and let you sleep, but apparently they don't understand the virtue of patience,\" JC chuckled, handing Justin his phone as he sat up, his back resting against the headboard. As Justin opened his phone to check his missed calls, Josh couldn't help but admire his chizzled, tan chest, and had to stop himself from staring. \"It's Chris. I probably should call him back,\" The Memphis native said, and JC nodded. \"Okay. I'll go start breakfast,\" He replied, and Justin smirked. \"You mean you'll go tell the chef to start breakfast?\" Justin teased. \"Isn't that what I said?\" Josh chuckled, instinctively leaning forward and pressing a gentle kiss to Justin's forehead, smiling brightly when he saw the younger man blush in his peripheral vision as he exited the room. Justin attempted to calm his nerves down as he dialled Chris' number, placing the phone to his ear. \"Hello?\" His best friend greeted. \"Hey, man,\" Justin replied. \"Oh! It's alive!\" Chris exclaimed, and Justin slightly laughed. \"Look, I know you're old and your thing is to get up early, but it's not mine,\" The younger teased back, rubbing his face once more. \"Especially after a good night of fucking.\" \"Christopher!\" Justin exclaimed, the rosy feeling in his cheeks returning. \"Come on, J! Don't act like that's not where you went. I'm not an idiot. So just man up and tell me how it was,\" He responded. \"Fine. It was the best sex I've ever had. Are you happy now?\" Justin quickly replied. \"And you're still at the guy's place now? None of you took off before the other woke up?\" He questioned, the slightly protectiveness of his best friend shining through. \"Yes, Dad, I'm still here.\" \"It really must have been good then… Oh! Don't forget you're starting that project for the spring edition tomorrow morning,\" The 33 year old reminded him, turning the conversation serious. \"Yeah, I'll be there,\" He sighed, knowing how much pressure the upcoming project was. It was the first time GQ had let him lead a major project, and he wanted to make a good first impression. He wanted the magazine to be perfect. \"Okay. Have fun and try not to get pregnant.\" \"Bye Chris,\" Justin laughed, shaking his head as he hung up the phone. He slowly tore the warm covers off his body, and noticed a pile of neatly folded clothes on the dark brown, wooden dresser. Raising an eyebrow, Justin got out of the bed and saw a white Calvin Klein t-shirt, and black Adidas track pants, a note placed on top. \"Justin, I didn't want you to be stuck with the clothes you wore last night.\" It simply said, and damn, there was that blush again. He took the clothes into his hands and made his way into the bathroom, pulling his boxers, the shirt and the pants on, smiling when they fit almost perfectly. He then brushed his teeth and ran his hand absentmindedly through his light brown curls, somewhat satisfied with his reflection as he made his way out of the room and down the staircase. He smiled, watching JC tip the pot of coffee into a second mug, placing both on the table. \"Hey,\" Josh smiled, noticing Justin was wearing the clothes he got him. \"You look great.\" \"You didn't have to do that you know,\" The 23 year old said, but he couldn't help the smile from coming to his face as he walked towards the table. \"I know. But it's Sunday. Couldn't have you walking around in a dress shirt and pants, especially after what we did,\" Josh spoke, and Justin chuckled, sitting down across the table from JC and looking at the extravagant meal that sat in front of him. He took a sip of his coffee, his eyes focused on JC. \"Chris calling to make sure I didn't murder you?\" \"Basically. And to remind me about a project I'm starting at work tomorrow,\" He responded, looking down at the Eggs Benedict on his plate and bringing it to his mouth. JC nodded, following suite with his food. \"You ready for it?\" \"Kind of. It's the first time GQ's ever let me lead a project so I'm nervous,\" Justin admitted. \"You'll do great. Do you have an idea what you want to do yet?\" He questioned, generally interested in Justin's life. \"Not really. I was hoping to get a really cool photo shoot in for like the newest spring trends but - wait a minute,\" The younger male stopped mid-sentence, getting an idea. \"What are you doing tomorrow?\" He asked. \"I have a meeting at 3 with some company my father's trying to buy. Why, what's up?\" The raven-haired man questioned. \"I - uhm - well - a lot of people know you, I'd assume. Chris knew of you, and trust me, he doesn't know about anyone. So, I was thinking. If you were willing to maybe do a photo shoot for the issue?\" Justin asked, looking down and nervously fiddling with his fingers. Smiling, JC reached across the table and put his hand on top of Justin's. \"Yeah, I'll do it,\" He said, and Justin looked up to meet his eyes. \"You will?\" \"Of course,\" Josh whispered. The two ate their breakfast, the conversation about their lives flowing naturally. As Justin laughed at a story JC told from his teenage years, he couldn't help but notice: he hadn't checked his time once, and it felt great.[Chapter 3] \"Shouldn't I be the one that's nervous?\" JC asked with a chuckle, as he watched Justin fiddle with the cuff of his dark blue dress shirt and brown tie for what seemed like the hundredth time. \"I'm not nervous,\" Justin tried to play off, but didn't even believe himself. He led JC to the elevator of GQ's office, pressing the up button. As they waited for the elevator to reach the lobby, Josh gently put his hands on Justin's shoulders, turning him so they were face to face. \"You're going to do fine. Relax,\" He gently spoke, before looking down at the sleeve of Justin's arm. \"Just make sure you keep your time covered. We don't want to look suspicious.\" \"Right, because the newbie randomly getting one of the richest people in New York to do a photo shoot isn't suspicious,\" The 23 year old laughed as the elevator dinged, and the steel metal doors opened. JC shrugged, stepping into the elevator and adjusting his own tie. \"I've seen stranger things,\" He said, watching as Justin pushed the number 17. Justin couldn't help but feel his heart flutter every time he realized how close he and JC were standing, and how much he felt like a teenager with a stupid crush. Sure, Justin wasn't lying when he said sex with JC was the best he'd ever had, but maybe that's all it was to Josh. Maybe him asking about his life and giving him clothes was his way of being polite. Maybe it was a rich thing. Oh god, was he overthinking everything? \"Would you stop that?\" Josh whispered into his ear, shaking the young man out of his thoughts. \"Stop what?\" Justin questioned, turning to look at JC, confusion evident in his crystal blue eyes. \"Worrying so much.\" \"I'm sorry. I just - I never asked how much you wanted to be paid? How much do people get paid for photo shoots? 10 years? Or is that not enough? Fuck, maybe I'm not cut out for th-\" Justin began to ramble out loud, and Josh shut him up by pressing his lips firmly against Justin's, backing him into the wall of the elevator. As they pulled away, Justin looked up at the man before him, dumbfounded. \"Oh,\" He said, just as the elevator dinged. JC chuckled, placing a hand on his lower back, leading him out of the small space. Justin walked to his isolated office, putting his bag down on his desk and opening the window. \"Nice,\" Josh spoke politely, looking around the neatly decorated room. He smiled softly, seeing pictures of Justin with friends and family on the shelf near his computer. Justin was very minimalistic, JC observed, his only decorations pictures enclosed in dark brown wood frames, and a jar with pencils and pens, the same wooden tint. \"Hey, I thought I saw you walk - oh,\" Chris bursted into his friend's office, stopping mid-sentence when he saw JC. He turned back to Justin, a small smirk coming to his face when he saw his younger friend blushing. \"Justin, why the hell is JC Chasez in your office?\" \"Remember that whole, 'I'll explain later' thing before I left you last night? Yeah, it's later,\" He sheepishly spoke. \"You went home with JC Chasez? You had the best sex of your life with JC Chasez?\" The older man questioned, shock on his face. \"Okay, thank you, Chris. I get it. I'm poor as fuck,\" Justin huffed. \"Were,\" JC spoke up for the first time, and Chris looked as if everything was finally making sense. \"That's where you got the 100 years!\" He exclaimed. \"Yes, Detective Kirkpatrick. That's where I got the 100 years. Say it a little louder though, please. I don't think the entire floor heard you,\" Justin scoffed, beginning to empty his bag and placing the various paperwork he had for the upcoming project on his table. \"Sorry,\" Chris mumbled. \"It's cool, CK,\" The younger smiled at his friend and then at Josh, when he wrapped an arm around his waist. Chris looked at the two, his eyebrows furrowed. \"Are you sure this was just a hook up? You guys look like you're a little more than fuck buddies?\" He asked, and there was Justin's blush again. JC chuckled. \"I'd like to be a little more than that. Justin's not like anyone I've ever met before,\" The raven haired male said. \"Tell me about it,\" Chris scoffed, teasing his best friend. \"Britney'll be here soon.\" \"Great,\" Justin responded. \"Alright, J, I gotta head to the writers. I'll see you later.\" \"See ya at lunch?\" The younger questioned, and Chris smiled. \"You bet. It was nice to meet you, JC,\" He said, seeing his hand still snaked around his best friend's waist. \"You too, Chris,\" JC responded, watching as the older man left the office before turning to Justin. \"Britney?\" \"The photographer,\" Justin replied simply, and JC nodded. \"Got it,\" The older man replied, and soon, a tall, blonde women knocked on Justin's opened door. \"Hi Mr. Timberlake,\" She spoke, still standing in the doorway. Justin smiled, walking towards her and shaking her hand. \"Call me Justin,\" He said politely. \"I got your email about starting a photo shoot today,\" The female said, and Justin nodded. \"Yeah. As you know, I'm the lead editor for the spring edition and I was hoping to do a photo shoot with the newest trends and stuff. So, I asked if JC would be willing to be in it,\" He said, bringing attention to the man standing next to him. Britney's brown eyes shifted, and when they landed on JC, they widened. \"Oh my God, you're JC Chasez,\" She spoke, star-struck. JC laughed, extending his hand. \"Nice to meet you, Britney,\" Josh spoke. \"How did you get JC to be part of the shoot? We've been trying for so long,\" She questioned. \"An old friend,\" Justin shrugged, not wanting to share every detail of his sexual life with everyone. \"I'm sure HR would like to hear about that. This is going to be an awesome edition, Justin,\" She said, her smile displaying her perfectly whitened teeth. \"I booked the studio for us and called the stylist. I wasn't sure if you had a male or female model, so there's clothes for both there,\" She told him. \"Okay. You ready?\" Justin asked, turning in JC's grasp and looking at him. \"Yeah,\" He replied, leaning down and pressing a kiss to the 23 year old's forehead. Justin blushed once more, figuring if JC didn't stop being so sweet, his cheeks would be permanently red. Britney looked on with curious eyes, but decided not to say anything. She didn't know Justin and only knew he was the new graphic editor, maybe he let all his friends kiss him on the head. Whether he did or not, it was none of her business. But she had to admit, damn, they looked good together. — Justin bit his lip and tried to suppress a moan as he watched Josh pose for the camera, watching Britney praise him and exclaim that he was a natural. The 23 year old crossed his arms, unable to rip his eyes off of the man, not even aware he was staring. JC felt someone's eyes on him, and turned to look at Justin, winking when they made eye contact. \"Alright, JC. Let's break for 15 minutes so I can check these shots,\" She announced. \"Okay, perfect,\" He smiled, unbuttoning the white blazer he was wearing. He noticed Justin was still standing in the exact same position, his eyes still locked on the older man. Josh slowly walked towards Justin, stopping in front of him. \"Hey,\" He said, a slight smirk on his face. \"Hi,\" Justin replied. \"Is your vision for this issue coming to life?\" He questioned. \"I mean - yeah - you look great. I mean, this issue's going to be great - and - you look great too,\" He stammered, and JC chuckled. \"Thanks. I think you look great too, Justin,\" JC softly said, placing his hands on his waist. \"I'm just - I'm in the same thing.\" \"Yeah, I know,\" The 28 year old said. \"I think I know how you can pay me for this photoshoot.\" \"Oh,\" Justin spoke, reaching to his sleeve and pulling it up, ready to give JC the time he requested. However, he felt the older man's hand gently pull his sleeve back down. \"I don't want time,\" He softly said. \"Then how do I pay you?\" \"Go on a date with me,\" Josh said, and yep. There was going to be a permanent blush on Justin's face. \"Okay,\" He practically exclaimed, and JC chuckled. \"Okay. So - you wanna give me your number?\" \"Shit, yeah,\" Justin fumbled, looking around for a piece of paper and pen. JC watched amusingly, gratefully taking the paper when the younger handed it to him. Britney walked over to the pair, smiling softly when she saw how content the two were with each other. \"You ready to continue, JC?\" The blonde questioned. \"Yeah. I'm ready,\" Josh smiled, leaning forward to press a quick kiss to Justin's cheek before heading back to the set. Britney turned to look at Justin, trying to stop her heart from racing a mile a minute. Justin was cute, but it was clear in some way or another, he was involved with JC. And hell, she'd just met him. She knew nothing about him. Was he bisexual, or was he gay? Why did she care? Sighing, she pulled the sleeve to her tan cardigan up, watching the seconds tick by. It'd taken her 3 years at GQ, but she finally felt comfortable with the amount of time she had. 10 years was safe. 10 years should have made her happy enough to mind her own business and not wonder how JC and Justin knew each other. But she couldn't help it. —- \"Thanks again for doing this,\" Justin said as he skimmed over his tasks he needed to complete after lunch. JC adjusted the cuff on his black blazer, checking the clock once more. 2:30pm. He knew he needed to leave in order to be in time for his meeting, but he couldn't help but want to stay near Justin. He was completely infatuated with the man. \"It was no problem,\" He smiled. \"I better get going.\" \"Yeah. I'll walk you out,\" The Memphis native softly smiled, his eyes never leaving Josh's until he was in front of him, leading the way to the elevator. Chris noticed the two walking by, and smirked at the look on Justin's face. His best friend was head over heels in love with JC Chasez. The JC Chasez. Soon, the pair made their way out of the elevator when it reached the lobby, and JC looked at the black SUV awaiting him, turning to Justin. \"So…\" He started. \"So. I'm going to see you again, right?\" He questioned, trying as best as he could to hide the desperation from his voice. \"Of course you're going to see me again. I wouldn't have showed up to your job if all I wanted was a quick fuck,\" JC chuckled, placing his hands on Justin's hips and pulling him closer to him. \"You'll call me?\" \"Yes, Justin. I'll call you. Didn't we already have this talk about you worrying so much?\" \"Sorry. It's just - I like you, Josh. I - I think this could really go somewhere,\" He breathed, trying to avoid eye contact by looking down at his brown dress shoes. However, Josh moved his hand from Justin's hip, guiding it until it was under his chin, lifting it so their eyes met. \"I like you too, Justin. I know this could go somewhere. I'll call you, okay? I promise.\" \"I'll be waiting by the phone.\" \"I'm sure you will,\" JC chuckled, pressing a gentle kiss to the 23 year old's forehead before slowly turning away and smiling at the driver that held the backseat door open for him. As the car pulled away, Justin focused on trying to get the butterflies out of his stomach. \" Leave it to me to fall in love with the richest man in New York,\" He thought to himself, not tearing his eyes from the SUV until it turned at an intersection, completing leaving his vision.[Chapter 4] Chris smirked as he walked out of the revolving doors of the GQ office, noticing Justin still staring in the direction of a busy street, no doubt where JC's car had just disappeared from. \"You know, staring where his car used to be won't bring him back,\" Chris spoke, causing Justin to jump and turn around, clearly wrapped up in his thoughts. \"What the fuck, man?! You scared the shit out of me!\" Justin gasped, breathing heavily and placing a hand on his heart. \"I was wondering what was taking you so long to say goodbye to JC. I didn't know the dirty streets of New York were that interesting to you,\" The elder teased, and instantly noticed Justin trying to calm his heart rate, the mere thought of Joshua exciting him. \"He just left.\" \"Yeah, I'm sure he did,\" Chris chuckled, before wrapping an arm around the younger's shoulder. \"Come on, lover boy. Let's go grab some lunch,\" He said, leading his best friend back into the building and up to their floor. They typically ate in Justin's office, as it was isolated from the rest of the floor and allowed the two to talk about things they didn't want their coworkers knowing. Justin opened the window and smiled as he pulled out the prepackaged caesar salad he'd bought several days ago, watching as Chris ate what he did every day. A slice of pepperoni deep dish pizza. The sight made Justin smile. It made him feel calm that despite the huge changes that appeared to be happening in his life, he had consistency when Chris ate the same lunch. He unwrapped the plastic fork that came with the salad and opened the lid, immediately working on pushing the croutons aside. \"You're such a freak, you know that? Croutons are the best part of a salad,\" Chris spoke. \"Of course you would say that. They're the most fattening,\" Justin chuckled, slowly bringing a piece of lettuce and bacon to his mouth and chewing. \"So. You and JC, huh?\" \"Me and JC what?\" Justin questioned. He knew the subject was going to come up eventually, but he didn't expect it to happen 10 minutes after JC left. \"Come on, J. You guys act like you've been dating for a year but you just met and fucked last night,\" Chris pointed out, and Justin slightly winced, which only furthered Chris' point. \"Look. Yes, we met last night, and yes we had s ex, \" He emphasized the word. \"But something about him is different. This wasn't just a one night stand, Chris. We both think this could go somewhere and he… he asked me on a date,\" Justin shrugged, looking down at his food to try to hide the reddening of his cheeks. \"So you guys really like each other then?\" The 33 year old questioned, unable to keep the small smile from coming to his face. Justin deserved to be happy. \"Yeah - well - I mean - I like him. I mean - I think he likes me too. He wouldn't ask me out if he didn't right? But - maybe he wants -\" \"J,\" Chris tried with a chuckle, knowing his best friend was thinking too much. \"Maybe he just wants someone to stick around that doesn't know who he is. Maybe he's worried someone's after his time so -\" \"Justin.\" \"Oh God, maybe I'm a scapegoat!\" \"JUSTIN!\" Chris yelled, and finally, the 23 year old's head whipped to him, confusion in his crystal blue eyes. \"What?\" He innocently asked. \"You're rambling. And you're overthinking this. JC isn't some god. Sure, he's got enough time to own this entire fucking country, but I seriously don't think if he thought of you as a scapegoat he'd agree to show up at your job. Where you work with your best friend.\" \"That's what Josh said,\" Justin mumbled, beginning to pick at his salad once again. \"Josh?\" Chris asked, confused. \"Who the hell is Josh?\" \"That's um - that's JC's real name,\" He responded, not looking up. \"And the fact that he's letting you call him by his real name rather than his nickname. You're still questioning if he likes you?\" \"Okay, I get it. I'm being stupid.\" \"You said it, not me,\" Chris chuckled, before the two fell into a comfortable silence. Several moments later, there was a knock on his door, and Britney peered into the room. \"Hey Britney, what's up?\" Justin questioned, a polite smile on his face. \"I um - I was just coming to show you some of the final shots from today, if that's okay,\" She said, her camera slung around her neck. \"Yeah, of course,\" He replied, and as the bright smile came onto her face, Chris couldn't help but notice her eyes never once left Justin's face. She didn't even realize Chris was in the room. \"Here, you can have my chair,\" Chris offered, standing up and pushing the chair towards her. She jumped as she gasped, only confirming to Chris that she was only focused on Justin. \"S - sorry. I didn't see you there,\" The blonde spoke, the red flushing to her perfectly tanned cheeks. \"It's okay. Nobody usually does when I'm around Justin,\" Chris teased, but Britney looked horrified. \"No! It's not that! It's just -\" \"It's okay, Britney. I'm kidding.\" \"Oh… right,\" She laughed, pushing her long blonde hair behind her ears before looking back up at Chris. \"You can come look at the pictures too,\" She said, and Chris smiled, walking over and standing behind her. She pulled out her camera and turned it on, before searching for the folder she created earlier that day. Once she located it, she began to sift through the pictures absentmindedly, turning to watch Justin's reaction to each shot, her heart fluttering. There was no reason for her to think anything though, and Justin couldn't help the smile from coming to his face with each picture, his eyes twinkling with admiration. Chris just looked on at the both of them and laughed, the situation all too like a shitty soap opera. \"These all look great,\" Justin said, and he was pretty confident it was because JC looked hot in every single one of them. And when your model looked hot, shitty lighting or an awkward pose didn't matter. Britney nodded, trying her best to avoid eye contact with him. \"Do you know which one you want to use for the cover?\" \"I'm thinking the one with the white dress shirt and black tie, and the jacket draped over his shoulders,\" Justin said, and Chris had to chuckle at how quickly the answer came to his best friend. Justin shot him a knowing glare. \"That was fast,\" Britney pointed out. \"I'm good at what I do,\" Justin shrugged an excuse, and this time, Chris laughed out loud. \"Yeah, that's it,\" He teased, and there was that glare again. Britney smiled softly, before finally meeting Justin's soft blue eyes. She was proud that her heart only stopped for 2 seconds, compared to the previous 4 seconds. \"I think that's a good choice. I'll send it to the editors so they can get started and I'll send you all the rough shots,\" She said, closing her camera and standing up. \"Thanks. I'll email you and we can decide the pictures for the full page spread.\" \"Okay,\" She said, making her way to the door. She put her hand on the handle, but took a deep breath, stopping herself to turn around and look at her newest coworker. \"Justin?\" \"Yeah?\" The Memphis native responded, lifting his head to make eye contact with her. \"I - I know this is none of my business but… are you dating JC?\" She questioned and wow, way to be subtle, Britney. Justin didn't look offended at all though, and offered her a polite smile. \"To be honest, I'm not quite sure what we are. I know we like each other, but you never know,\" He shrugged, and she nodded. \"Well… you guys look cute together,\" She offered, trying her best to act like her heart didn't somewhat feel hurt. \"Thanks,\" Justin smiled. \"I'll see you later, Britney.\" \"Yeah. See you later,\" She responded, opening the handle and closing the door behind her. Chris made sure she was out of sight before turning to his best friend. \"Dude,\" He said, sitting on Justin's desk and facing him. \"What?\" \"You know she asked if you and JC were together because she has a crush on you… right? Like you're not that blind?\" \"She doesn't have a crush on me,\" Justin said with a laugh, turning to his computer and beginning to reply to some of his emails. \"Are you kidding me? That entire time you were looking at the pictures she took? Yeah, she was looking at you,\" Chris informed him, and Justin sighed, stopping his typing and turning to him. \"Really?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Fuck. I mean, she's nice and all, but she's - she's just not my type,\" Justin softly said. He could defiantly see him and the blonde being good friends, but if she did in fact have a crush on him, he didn't want to hurt her feelings. \"You mean she's a girl,\" Chris added in. \"You could say that,\" Justin shrugged. \"I just did. Or - she's not JC.\" \"I guess you could say that too,\" Justin responded, and hey, at least he was being honest. Chris chuckled before he looked at the clock, realizing their lunch break was nearly over. \"Alright, J. I got a meeting with a possible senior editor. So I'll see you tomorrow, okay?\" Chris said, and Justin couldn't help but frown. Chris didn't know that was Justin's dream job, and Justin didn't plan on mentioning it to him. He was grateful that he had any job at all, and he didn't want to make it seem like he wasn't thankful. \"See you,\" He smiled small, turning to his desk an going to check his emails. He silently hoped Britney had emailed him the pictures of JC, purely to admire the man. 'You've lost it, Timberlake,' Justin thought to himself. It was so unlike him to have his thoughts consumed by someone he'd just met, but he couldn't take his mind off JC. Off the night they spent together. Off how JC was so sweet and caring for him. Off how the older man had left merely a few hours ago, yet Justin missed him and couldn't want to see him again. Yeah, he was in love. —- Justin returned to his apartment after his shift, placing his bag on the chair of the kitchen island, and opening the fridge, searching for what he could throw together for dinner. It was late, and after an eventful day, all he wanted to do was grab something quick to eat and go to bed. He smiled, seeing bread on the bottom shelf and deciding that making a sandwich was about as much energy as he could master. He pulled out his bread, peanut butter and a knife, spreading the creamy substance lazily before putting his ingredients away and walking to the couch with his sandwich. Justin quickly ate and watched the news on his TV, before laying down on his couch and resting his arm behind his head. He didn't remember falling asleep, but the next thing he knew, he was being woken up by the sound of his cell phone ringing. He rubbed his eyes tiredly and sat up, before picking up the phone and squinting when the bright light of he screen met his newly awoken eyes. Sighing, he pressed accept and placed the phone to his ear. \"Hello?\" He answered, his voice still full of sleep. \"Hey,\" The smooth voice responded on the other end, and instantly, Justin was awake. \"Oh, hey Josh.\" \"Told you I'd call,\" He said, a slight smirk on his face. \"I'm glad you kept you promise,\" Justin replied, unable to suppress the yawn from escaping his lips. \"Sorry, I didn't mean to wake you up,\" The older man spoke, instantly recognizing Justin's newly awakened voice. \"No, no. That's okay. I don't even remember falling asleep,\" He chuckled, running a hand down his face. \"One minute you're eating a peanut butter sandwich and the next you're passed out.\" Josh laughed softly before replying, \"Sounds like quite the evening. I was going to invite you for drinks on your next day off, but why would you pass up a peanut butter sandwich and sleeping?\" \"Dude, so not cool to tease,\" Justin laughed, but couldn't help his heart from fluttering. \"Yeah, yeah. So, when am I going to see you?\" \"I'm off Thursday.\"[Chapter 5] It was several days later, and JC was at lunch with his college roommate and best friend, Joey Fatone. Joey took a bite of the decadent food laid out in front of them, looking at his friend. \"So, how did that meeting go?\" He questioned. \"Pretty good. They gave me the whole speech about how they were hesitant to partner with Chasez Banks but that all changed when we started talking numbers,\" JC chuckled, taking a long sip of his red wine. \"I'm not surprised. Have you told your dad?\" Joey asked. \"Nah. You know my parents like to throw their little get togethers so I was just gonna wait for that,\" JC shrugged. \"You call those little get togethers? Jayce, there's usually like 100 people there,\" Joey laughed. JC typically brought his best friend to the gatherings with him, getting tired of fake smiling and having small talk with his parents' rich friends alone. Joey didn't mind, though. He didn't come from as wealthy of a family as JC did, and he was always amazed to see just how extravagant a Chasez party was. \"Will I be oh so lucky to be your plus one again?\" He asked, wiggling his eyebrows, causing his friend to laugh. \"Yeah, you can come. But I was going to invite Justin too,\" He responded. \"Justin? Who the hell is Justin?\" Joey questioned, wondering where the name had come from. He and JC had known each other since college, he was pretty sure he would know if JC knew a Justin. \"Just some guy I met,\" JC shrugged, trying to play it cool. But by the look of amusement on Joey's face, he wasn't buying it. \"Yeah? And you just invite some random guy you just met to a family event?\" \"Okay, so I might have took him home with me,\" Josh continued. \"And there it is,\" Joey laughed. \"Something different about this one night stand though? I mean - if you invited every one of your hook ups to a party… shit man.\" \"Shut the fuck up, Joe,\" JC chuckled. \"Yes there's something different about him. I went with him to work the next day,\" He explained. \"You mean to tell me I missed 'take your best fuck to work day?!'\" Joey teased, and when he saw JC's glare, he turned serious. \"Feisty. Now why would you show up at the man's work?\" \"He works at GQ and needed someone to be on the cover for the spring issue. I told him I'd do it,\" Josh shrugged, bringing his glass to his lips once more, grateful when the cool liquid slid down his throat. \"GQ huh? So he must have a lot of time then?\" \"Not really. He just moved here from Memphis. Both his parents timed out and so he came out here to start a new life,\" He explained, and noticed Joey's face soften. \"Shit, that's rough…\" He sighed. \"Yeah, especially when you're 23 and you just graduated college.\" \"I hate hearing stuff like that, man. Makes me feel guilty that I have time just because I have a rich friend,\" Joey sighed, pulling up the sleeve of his grey long sleeve shirt, revealing the 50 years on his arm. \"I know, trust me. I gave him some time though,\" He said, and Joey nodded. \"I don't mean to offend you or bring the mood down in any way… but how do you know he didn't just fuck you for your time?\" Joey questioned, and JC smiled small. He was grateful his best friend was looking out for him. \"No, I get it. Like I said, he just moved here. He had no idea who the hell I was, and he sure as hell didn't ask me for anything the morning after,\" JC shrugged, lowering his eyes to his glass once more. \"You really like this kid, don't you?\" The Italian asked. \"Yeah, I do,\" He admitted, his heart fluttering at the mere thought of Justin. \"So, when am I going to meet him?\" \"Oh no. I'm not having you scare him off,\" JC quickly responded, shaking his head. He loved Joey. He really did. But his best friend didn't exactly have the best track record of making him look good in front of potential boyfriends. \"Come on, C…,\" Joey whined. \"Absolutely not,\" JC asserted. \"But what if he comes to your family event?\" \"Then I'll keep him away from you and warn him to not have more than a 2 minute conversation with you.\" \"That's cold, Chasez,\" Joey pouted, and JC couldn't help but allow the smile to spread across his smooth features. \"Come on, Joe. I'm just fucking with you. I asked him to have drinks with me on Thursday and I was thinking about asking him if he wanted to see if his friend Chris wanted to join to make him more comfortable. You should come too,\" The 28 year old spoke, finishing the last of his wine. Joey groaned, running his hands through his spiky hair. \"So basically, you want this Chris dude and I to chaperone you two?\" \"No, if Justin's bringing his best friend to make him more comfortable, I'm going to bring mine,\" He replied, and Joey sighed. \"Fine,\" The Italian breathed, knowing he'd pretty much do anything for JC, after the slightly older man had given him so much. \"Thanks, Joe,\" Josh smiled. \"You're lucky I love you, Chasez.\" — \"Would you stop pacing? You're going to make me dizzy before I even get a drink in me,\" Chris said to his best friend, watching as Justin walked back and forth in his small hallway for what seemed like the 18th time. He knew the 23 year old was nervous, even if he didn't want to straight up admit it. Justin was quickly falling for JC, and wanted nothing more than for the older man to reciprocate the feelings. \"I'm sorry. It's just - are you sure I look okay?\" Justin asked, adjusting the sleeves of his long, wool jacket once more before running his hands through his increasingly curly hair. \"Damn it. The curls are coming back. I should've gotten a haircut,\" He pouted. \"Jesus Christ, J. Take a Xanax or something. You've been on dates before. Why are you so nervous about this one?\" Chris questioned, and finally, Justin stopped pacing, his crystal blue eyes shining as they met Chris' \"Oh no.\" \"Oh no, what?\" Justin innocently asked. \"You love him, don't you?\" The 33 year old asked, catching Justin off guard. He tried to reply, tried to come up with a quick defence, but his brain wasn't thinking fast enough. He wanted to scream from the tallest building that he loved Josh, but Justin was scared. He'd never fallen in love with someone so fast, and he didn't want to scare Josh away. He'd only known him for about a week. Sighing, Justin walked to the couch in his living room, sitting down and resting his head in his hands. \"What am I going to do? I don't want to scare him away,\" Justin voiced his thoughts. Chris smiled small, sitting next to his best friend and placing an arm around his shoulder. \"Trust me, Just, I don't think you're going to scare him away. You should've seen the way he was looking at you at work…. and I've seen JC Chasez around a lot. He isn't into the whole PDA thing. So the fact that he took you home in a packed night club. It says something,\" The elder comforted, trying to calm his friend's nerves. \"Just be yourself, Justin. He told you he liked you. Let him set the pace so you don't have to worry about moving too fast.\" \"Thanks, Chris,\" The Memphis native spoke, pulling his head out of his hands. \"Just don't go crazy with the whole PDA thing. I'd really rather not see you getting your freak on in public,\" He teased, and Justin laughed. It was times like this where he was thankful he moved to New York, despite the negative circumstances that had brought him there. Soon, there was a knock on the door, and Justin jumped up, smoothing out his jacket and black dress shirt, taking a deep breath before he walked to the door and slowly opened it. When he did, his breath caught in his throat. Josh looked absolutely stunning. His raven hair was gently tosseled, and he wore a leather jacket, with a plain white v-neck t-shirt underneath, with dark washed jeans. Justin had to stop his racing heart, clearing his throat. \"Hi,\" He said, and JC flashed a smile, displaying his perfect teeth. 'Not like anything isn't perfect ,\" Justin spoke to himself. \"Hey,\" Josh responded, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to Justin's cheek, leaving the younger man dizzy. When Josh pulled away, he chuckled. \"So, are we just going to stand in the doorway or? \"Shit, sorry. Come in,\" Justin breathed, snapping out of his thoughts and opening the door further, allowing JC, and who he assumed was Joey, to walk into the entrance of his apartment. \"Nice place,\" JC commented, searching the moderately sized area, before turning to Justin and looking him up and down, stepping towards him and wrapping an arm around his waist. \"Even nicer looking occupant,\" He breathed, and Justin felt his heart speed up once more as he breathed in JC's cologne and felt his warm breath on his face. \"Told you you'd have your hands all over him within the first ten minutes!\" A deep voice called behind the pair, and JC sighed, turning along with Justin to face Joey. \"Justin, this is Joey,\" He said, watching as the younger outstretched his hand. \"Nice to meet you,\" He smiled politely, to which Joey returned. \"You too, Justin. I've heard quite a bit about you,\" The Italian winked, and JC's blue orbs widened. \"Okay, that's enough!\" He exclaimed, and tried to hide the blush that rushed to his cheeks by turning to Chris, but Justin saw it and smiled. \"Nice to see you again, Chris.\" \"You too, JC,\" The eldest said, before turning to Joey with a nod. \"Joey.\" \"Chris. Guess the two of us are going to get to know each other pretty well tonight, huh?\" \"I guess so. I'm not sure how many drinks it'll take to tolerate the little love fest, but we'll find out,\" Chris teased. \"Hey, if JC's paying, I'm always up for the 'drink until you can't see straight' challenge,\" Joey replied, and Chris laughed. At least JC's friend seemed cool. \"True,\" He replied. Justin smiled as he watched the two interact, thankful he wasn't going to have to hear Chris whine about how awkward the night was. JC was rubbing a hand down his back, and snapped Justin out of his thoughts when he stopped. \"I was enjoying that,\" Justin spoke, looking up at JC with a pout. Josh chuckled, leaning forward and quickly kissing him. \"Don't worry. I'm sure they'll be plenty more of it. But my driver's waiting outside,\" He said, and Justin chuckled. \"I should have known.\" The black SUV pulled up to the front entrance and the driver hopped out of his seat, opening the back door and nodding as Joey and Chris crawled out first, followed by JC and Justin. \"Thank you, Kevin,\" JC smiled politely. \"Of course, Mr. Chasez. Have a nice night,\" The elder gentleman replied. Josh turned to look at Justin, noticing him frowning at the entrance of the bar. The 28 year old stepped forward, taking Justin's hand within his own. \"What's the matter?\" He questioned, and Justin turned to him. \"This is a rich people bar… isn't it?\" The Memphis native shamefully asked, taking in the bright neon lights and suited bartenders. Justin knew Josh had given him time, knew he could afford drinks. But he wasn't used to being able to have enough time to purchase as much alcohol as his system could handle, and he knew he'd feel guilty about spending it stupidly when his mother had worked so hard just to afford microwavable dinners. Josh chuckled, leaning forward and pressing a gentle kiss just above Justin's ear. \"No baby,\" He replied, and Justin's heart fluttered with happiness. He quickly decided that Josh calling him baby was the hottest thing he'd ever heard, and he prayed it wouldn't be the last time he was called that. \"Sure, it's up there in price. But I know the owner. His name is Tony Lucca, we go way back. He never makes me pay for drinks. You didn't really think I'd take you to the most expensive bar in New York and expect you and Chris to pay for your own drinks, right?\" \"Hey! What about me?!\" Joey exclaimed from the spot he and Chris stood, just in front of the pair. \"You still owe Tony time for when you broke the stripper pole,\" Josh replied, and Joey gasped. \"JC!\" He horrifiedly screamed, causing his best friend, along with Justin and Chris to laugh. \"Oh, this is a story I need to hear,\" The eldest of the group said, a smirk plastered on his face. If he was going to spend the majority of his night with Joey, he was going to need to have something to tease him about. \"No, you really don't,\" Joey replied, turning to Josh with a glare, daring him to open his mouth. \"I'd like to hear it,\" Justin spoke up, and JC smiled, pecking the younger's lips once more. \"Sorry, Joe. How can I resist this face? Fatone here got absolutely wasted and didn't like when one of the strippers turned him down so he got in her face and yelled; hold on, just let me get into character,\" JC said, clearing his throat. \"Babe, if you could be oh so kind as to play a stripper for this,\" He continued, and Justin chuckled, already used to Josh's terms of endearment. \"Sure,\" Justin replied, putting a hand on his hip for emphasis. JC turned to him, acting like he had no balance. \"Hey sugar. My best friend is JC Chasez,\" He slurred, and Joey smacked his hand across his face to hide his flush of embarrassment. Josh leaned forward and whispered something into Justin's ear, before getting back into character. \"Is that supposed to impress me? I have guys requesting to give me years as soon as I take one foot onto the stage,\" Justin replied, attempting to act as sassy as he imagined the girl did. \"You call that… pole… a stage?\" Josh spat, imitating Joey's drunk laugh. \"I could do what you do in my sleep,\" He finished, before breaking character. \"And that's when Joey jumped onto her pole and broke it.\" \"I hate you, JC,\" Joey said, failing to hold his own laughter. \"Yeah, yeah. Let's just go in,\" JC laughed, taking Justin's hand within his own once more and leading him inside. Once they walked in, Justin stopped in his tracks, his blue eyes darting around the club, taking everything in. It wasn't like any type of club Justin had been to before. The music was still blaring, but instead of the typical bar and stools, there were only tables scattered around with stripper poles around, bartenders personally delivering your drinks. \"Hey, C!\" Someone exclaimed, placing a hand on Josh's shoulder. When he turned to the voice, he smiled brightly, bringing the man into a hug. \"Hey Tony! Long time no see, man!\" JC happily replied. \"Well, you know, we did have to renovate after Joey broke one of the poles,\" He teased, turning to Joey with a smirk. \"I'm sorry!\" Joey exclaimed, his cheeks turning red in embarrassment once more. \"Hey man, it's cool,\" Tony smiled, finally noticing Justin and Chris. JC followed his friend's eyes, finally realizing he hadn't introduced them. \"Oh. This is Chris, and this is Justin,\" The raven haired male said, and Tony didn't miss the smile that tugged at his lips while saying the second name. \"This one your date?\" He asked, nodding in Justin's direction, and JC blushed. \"That obvious, huh?\" \"I know you well enough to recognize your 'I'm in love' look, C,\" Tony said, and Josh's eyes widened. He had to admit. He was really beginning to think that he was falling in love with Justin, but there was no way he was going to tell the 23 year old yet. He wanted to earn the younger's trust first, respecting what he had been through before scaring him away. He shifted his eyes to look at Justin's, and could have sworn he saw his crystal blue eyes shimmer, his entire face breaking into a smile, causing JC to inhale a relieved breath. When Tony saw JC relax, he laughed. \"Come on, man. I'll take you to your usual table.\"[Chapter 6] \"So… he's wasted, right?\" Joey questioned to Chris with a chuckle, pointing to Justin, who was sitting on JC's knee, pressing kisses to his neck sloppily. \"Oh yeah. He's gone,\" Chris replied, knowing a drunk Justin Timberlake when he saw it. Sober Justin would be way too shy to display any type of affection towards Josh in public, knowing Chris would tease him endlessly about it. \"Thank god Tony's not making us pay for any of the drinks then,\" The Italian responded with a chuckle, bringing his beer to his lips and taking a long sip. \"Oh, if he had to pay, he'd be totally sober. Justin's very picky about how much time he spends, even if JC gave him some,\" Chris spoke, knowing his best friend all too well. \"Jayce told me he didn't come from much.\" \"Yeah. I remember when he came in for his job interview, he had like 2 hours to his name. Spent all his time to come here. As soon as I saw that, I knew I had to help him. I'd been viewing his work for months prior and knew what he was capable of, so it wasn't like I didn't benefit from it,\" The elder shrugged, turning to look at JC and Justin once more and chuckling. \"'Nother tequila?\" Justin questioned sloppily, his hands around JC's neck. \"I think you've had enough tequila for one night,\" The elder laughed, his hands around Justin's waist to steady him. \"Party pooper,\" Justin pouted. \"Trust me, you'll thank me in the morning.\" \"Just for stopping me from drinking?' The 23 year old seductively spoke. \"Maybe a little more than that,\" JC winked. Joey continued to watch the two with a smirk on his face, knowing his best friend was head over heels in love with Justin. JC might as well have worn a sign on his head declaring his love for the 23 year old, but Joey knew JC. Knew he would be too stubborn to admit that he loved Justin. He'd made that mistake before, and paid the price for it. And as Joey scanned the club, his eyes laid on the mistake. A figure walking towards JC and Justin. A figure Joey recognized instantly. Lance Bass. Lance and JC had dated for just over a year, and JC had put everything into the relationship, letting his guard down and truly believing he had something special. Lance was a family friend of the Chasez's, and although he came from wealth himself, it didn't stop him from taking almost all JC's time when JC finally broke things off. Even then, Lance wouldn't leave JC alone, the bitter, jealous ex-boyfriend role suiting him all too well. As the blonde made his way to JC and Justin in quick strides, Joey rushed to him, standing in his way. \"What do you want, Fatone?\" Lance questioned annoyingly, stopping in his tracks. \"I want you to leave JC alone, Bass. The same thing I've been wanting since he dumped your ass,\" The Italian spat, and Lance rolled his eyes, looking over Joey's shoulder at the pair once again. \"He really has lowered his standards, huh?\" Lance scoffed with a smirk, causing Joey to send him a death glare, stepping closer to the man before him. \"Leave them alone, Lance. I mean it,\" He growled. \"And what if I don't?\" Lance threatened, sidestepping Joey and finally approaching JC and Justin. \"Hey, Josh!\" He exclaimed, watching as the two men jumped, JC's hands on Justin's waist being the only thing keeping the younger man tumbling to the floor. \"Lance? What the hell do you want?\" JC asked, the anger already growing in his voice. Justin looked at JC and saw his jaw set, then turned to the blonde. \"Yeah, the hell do you want, Lance?\" He slurred, figuring if Josh was mad at the man, he should be too. \"No one asked you to talk,\" Lance snapped, turning to the younger man. \"Hey! You don't speak to him like that,\" JC said angrily, his blue eyes glaring directly into Lance's. \"Really? So this kid is my replacement? How much are his parents paying you to babysit him?\" The blonde smirked, and instantly saw the younger of the two wince, letting Lance know that he'd hit a nerve. JC felt Justin tense at the mention of his parents and let his anger fade for a quick moment, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to his ear. \"It's okay, baby. I've got this,\" He whispered, his icy eyes never leaving his ex's. \"He could be five years old and still be more mature than you ever were. But to answer your question, he's 23. Not like it's any of your business. You lost the right to know what's going on in my life a long time ago.\" \"Solid burn, Josh. Uncalled for, though. All I did was come over here to introduce myself to your new boy toy.\" \"Oh, don't worry. I'll tell him all about you,\" JC assured, his hand running up and down Justin's back. \"I'm sure you will… hey kid, I'm Lance,\" Lance spoke, turning to Justin, who had his head buried in Josh's neck. \"He doesn't give a fuck,\" Josh replied. \"Why don't you let the kid talk for himself?\" Lance challenged. \"I'm not a kid!\" Justin exclaimed, frustrated. He pulled his head from JC's shoulder, and turned to Lance. \"I'm not a kid,\" He repeated. \"Well, I don't know your name,\" The blonde explained. \"Don't tell him your name,\" JC warned him gently. \"Dear god, Josh. Lighten the fuck up, I'm not here to cause any problems. I already told you. I'm here to introduce myself to your new boyfriend.\" \"I swear to god, Lance. If you don't leave us alone, my father will be hearing about this,\" He shot back, and Justin couldn't help but smile at the fact that Josh hadn't denied that he was his boyfriend. \"Fine. See ya, kid,\" Lance emphasized, walking away from the two with a smirk. \"I'm not a fucking kid!\" Justin exclaimed again, crossing his arms across his chest. \"Sh. He's not worth it,\" Josh softly said, pressing a kiss to his temple. \"I'm not a kid,\" The 23 year old repeated, and JC chuckled, catching on that a drunk Justin liked to repeat things. \"I know, babe. You're not a kid. He's just an asshole.\" \"He's an asshole,\" He repeated, and Josh chuckled, his theory being confirmed. \"Justin?\" JC sighed. \"Hm?\" \"Look at me for a second,\" The older said, watching as the younger's eyes slowly met eyes. \"Hi,\" He chuckled drunkingly. \"Hi baby. I need you to listen to me very carefully. Can you do that for me?\" \"Sir yes sir,\" Justin saluted, and JC chuckled before turning serious. \"I need you to stay away from Lance, okay? I'll explain more when you're sober but for now just promise me you won't let him near you,\" JC said, sighing when he thought of what Lance was capable of. A frown grew across Justin's face, but he nodded, showing he understood. \"Okay. Okay, I can do that. I mean, I don't know why - but you said to stay away so I'll stay away. He isn't even that cute though so I don't get -\" \"Justin,\" JC interrupted with a laugh, watching the younger man ramble. \"How you know him but if you say stay away -\" \"Justin.\" \"I'll stay away because I don't want to mess things up with you cause I really like you -\" The Memphis native continued, only stopping when Josh pressed his lips to his. \"Oh,\" Justin breathed as they pulled away. \"You were rambling.\" \"Maybe I should ramble more often,\" He said, wiggling his eyebrows. Soon, Joey and Chris approached the two. \"Sorry I couldn't keep Lance away from you guys, C. Albinos are fucking fast,\" Joey said with a sigh. \"Hey, it's all good,\" JC laughed. \"What did he say to you guys?\" \"Wanted to introduce himself to Justin. The typical bitter ex-boyfriend act,\" The 28 year old shrugged. \"Ew!\" Justin exclaimed, and the three turned to him, confusion on their faces. \"What are you ew-ing about, J?\" Chris asked, finding his drunk friend all too amusing, even if he himself was tipsy. \"You used to date Lance?! So not your type Josh,\" Justin pouted. \"Oh, and what is my type?\" He questioned with a smile. \"Me,\" He answered, causing the others to laugh. \"You know, I think you're right.\" \"And I think you two need a room,\" Chris interjected. \"I keep finding reasons to like you, Kirkpatrick,\" Joey said. \"Well good. Because I think you're going to be seeing a lot of each other,\" JC said, and Justin nodded furiously. \"You're going to be seeing a lot of each other,\" He repeated, and Chris laughed. \"Oh yeah, he's fucking wasted. He repeats everything when he's gone,\" The eldest informed the two. \"I kind of figured that out,\" JC laughed. \"But I think it's time we head home. Don't you think, Justin?\" \"I don't want to go home,\" He pouted. \"No? Then where do you want to go?\" Chris questioned, the smirk yet to leave his face. \"I want to stay with Josh.\" \"That's - well - that's kind of what I meant when I said home,\" Josh softly said, instantly blushing. \"Oh. Then yeah, 's go home,\" He smiled. —- JC's driver first dropped off Chris and Joey at their respected homes, and finally pulled up to JC's mansion, smiling and shaking his head as he watched JC try his best to keep his arm locked around Justin's weight as the younger stumbled up the cobblestone driveway and into the foyer. \"Marcel, my man!\" Justin said with a bright smile. \"Mr. Timberlake, it's very nice to see you again,\" JC's butler said with a smile, ready to take their coats. \"You know, Marcel? I think I want to keep my coat on. Don't get me wrong, it's a nice temperature in this house, but - I paid like 15 hours for this coat. I'm going to get some use out of it,\" He rambled once again, and Marcel nodded with a chuckle. \"That's fine, Mr. Timberlake. It's a very nice coat,\" He replied, and Justin gasped, turning to JC. \"Did you just hear that, Josh? Marcel complimented my coat,\" He said, his voice lowering to a whisper. \"Yeah baby, I heard. It's a very nice coat,\" Josh spoke, and Justin gasped once again. \"That's so sweet.\" \"Alright, time for bed,\" JC said, starting to help Justin walk up the long staircase before turning back to his butler. \"Marcel? Please make sure that we have Advil stocked up in the medicine cabinet. I'm sure Justin will be needing some in the morning.\" \"Yes, Mr. Chasez. Goodnight.\" \"Goodnight,\" He smiled. Finally, he made it to the master bedroom and let Justin collapse onto the silky sheets. \"I forgot how much I loved this bed,\" Justin mumbled, his face already in the pillow. JC laughed, taking off his leather jacket and placing it on his dresser. \"Do you need anything?\" He asked, kicking off his shoes before turning to Justin. \"Like maybe taking your shoes off?\" \"You do it,\" He replied. \"You want me to take off your shoes?\" \"Mhm. Too tired,\" The 23 year old muttered, and Josh chuckled. \"Alright, but you owe me, Timberlake,\" He said, gently sliding the brown dress shoes off of his feet, placing them neatly beside his own. \"Anything else?\" Josh asked, and Justin vigorously shook his head, happily sighing when JC laid down next to him, his hand caressing his hip bone. \"Josh?\" Justin spoke softly. \"Yeah, Justin?\" \"Can I tell you a secret?\" He asked, his eyes slowly opening to meet JC's. \"Sure, baby,\" Josh replied. \"I love you,\" Justin whispered, leaning in and gently pressing his lips to Josh's before scooting forward and resting his head under JC's. The elder man felt his heart flutter. Justin just told him he loved him. And although he was certain the younger wouldn't remember it in the morning, he couldn't have been happier. \"I love you too, Justin,\" He replied, gently kissing the younger man's forehead before securing his arms around him and falling asleep with the smile still on his face.[Chapter 7] \"Fuck,\" Justin mumbled as he slowly opened his eyes, immediately closing them when the sun coming into the room hit them, intensifying the headache he already had. Slowly, he turned onto his side and attempted to shield his eyes by shoving them into the pillow, but hit something hard instead. He groaned, opening his eyes once more to see Joshua, who was propped up onto his elbow, fully dressed, watching him. \"Good morning,\" The slightly older male said with a smile. \"Morning,\" Justin muttered, scooting closer to JC and sighing contently when he wrapped an arm around him and started rubbing his back. \"How you feeling?\" \"Like I got rammed by a fucking train,\" He replied, and JC chuckled. \"That's a little better than what I was expecting,\" Josh teased lightly, then kissed Justin's forehead to turn around and grab something off the bedside table. \"Here,\" He said, turning back over with two pills an a glass of water in his hand. \"Have I ever told you that I love you?\" Justin asked with a laugh, and JC couldn't help but feel his heart ping. Justin didn't remember that he had in fact told him he loved him the previous night. And although JC wasn't expecting him to, he did carry a sliver of hope. \"This would be the first,\" He played along, wanting Justin to remember on his own. Justin just smiled as he took the pills and water into his hand, downing them. He felt his stomach tighten. He remembered telling Josh he loved him, and Josh telling him he loved him too. It made him somewhat sad that the elder was just acting like it was a drunk mistake that should be forgotten. \"Thanks,\" Justin responded, handing JC the cup so he could place it back on the bedside table. Once he did, he happily accepted Justin back into his arms. \"What are your plans for today?\" The elder questioned, gently brushing a short curl from Justin's forehead. \"Well… once I feel like a human again, Britney wanted to go over what the editors did with your photos. Did you want to come see them?\" He asked, his tired blue eyes shifting up to look at Josh's. \"Sure, I'll come see them. I think someone should be looking after you today,\" JC teased. \"Yeah, what did happen last night? I remember getting to the club and not having to pay for any drinks, but not much after that. Oh! And something about an albino?\" He inquired, his eyebrows furrowing as Josh laughed. \"You mean Lance?\" \"Lance…,\" Justin repeated, as if the name was familiar, but he couldn't quite put his finger on it. \"My ex-boyfriend. Blonde, green eyes, kept calling you a kid,\" JC tried to jog his memory. \"I'm not a kid!\" Justin exclaimed, his head shooting up, quickly lowering once more when he felt the rush of pain. \"Oh. I remember now. You told me to stay away from him.\" \"I did. I told you I'd explain more when you sobered up. What do you say we go get some food in you and I'll tell you more about it then?\" JC suggested, and Justin slowly nodded, priding himself on the fact that he stood up without loosing his balance. Josh crinkled his eyebrows in concern when he noticed Justin's pale face, and gently put a hand on the small of his back. \"Food, baby,\" He encouraged, gently pushing the younger male in front of him. Justin smiled, vaguely remembering Joshua calling him that multiple times the night before. Even though JC was pretending they hadn't said 'I love you' to each other, he was glad the nickname remained. \"Waffles?\" Justin asked, blindly being pushed into the bathroom where black sweatpants and a white hoodie sat on the counter. \"Waffles are your hangover food?\" Josh questioned, his eyebrows raising in amusement. \"Hey! Don't judge me!\" The Memphis native chuckled. \"Not judging you, babe. If waffles is what you want, waffles is what you're gonna get. Now get dressed and I'll meet you downstairs. Oh, and brush your teeth. I'd like to be able to kiss you without being hit in the face by the smell of tequila,\" He winked, leaning forward to press a quick kiss on Justin's cheek before retreating down the long staircase. Justin watched him leave and shook his head with a smile, but sighed as he turned to look at his reflection in the mirror. Why didn't he just tell Josh he loved him this morning? If Josh felt the same, why didn't he say something? Justin wanted so desperately for him and Joshua to be more than friends, but he didn't want to complicate the relationship they had. However, the relationship they had was already confusing, and Justin wasn't sure he could make it any more difficult if he tried. The 23 year old shook his head, deciding he was thinking too hard. He didn't want to push their relationship too far and scare Josh away. The elder told him he'd had his fair share of people using him for his time, and he didn't want to give the impression that he was doing the same. All of the thinking combined with the taste of day-old vodka in his mouth was enough to make the room spin and the nausea to rush to Justin's head, giving him just enough time to drop to his knees before he started throwing up. \"Justin?\" JC called, hearing the thud and rushing upstairs, wincing when he saw Justin hunched over the toilet, now dry heaving. Instantly, he dove to his knees and positioned himself behind him, rubbing his back. \"Hey, you okay?\" \"Fine,\" Justin breathed out, wiping his mouth and sitting back on his heels, leaning into Josh's chest. \"Sorry.\" \"There's nothing for you to be sorry for, Justin. You had a good time last night and you didn't drive home. That's all that matters,\" He smiled, pressing a kiss to Justin's matted hair. \"You still wanna go for waffles?\" \"Uh, yeah,\" The 23 year old scoffed as if it were obvious, and Josh chuckled, standing up and flushing the toilet. \"You okay to stand up?\" He questioned, the hint of concern still in his voice as he offered his hands, which Justin gratefully took and slowly stood. \"Yeah I just - I was thinking too much. Kinda made the room start to spin,\" He honestly told him. \"Defiantly not a good idea after downing as much tequila as you did last night,\" Josh chuckled, running his hand up and down Justin's back. \"How much tequila did I actually have?\" The younger asked, not quite sure he wanted to know the answer. \"I stopped counting after 7 shots,\" He replied. \"And I woke up with clothes on? I'm impressed.\" \"I would never take advantage of you, Justin,\" JC spoke honestly. \"I would, however, kiss you, but now not only do you have booze breath, but vomit breath,\" He smiled, slipping out of the bathroom once more and allowing Justin to get ready. —- \"You know, I'm still surprised you actually know how to drive,\" Justin spoke as he brought his much needed mug of coffee to his lips and taking a long sip. \"Funny, Timberlake,\" JC teased. \"And not a fancy sports car too? You're just surprising me all over the place,\" The younger joked back, biting his waffle once more. \"Just because I have a lot of time doesn't mean I like to use it constantly. I do like trying to be normal sometimes,\" Josh replied in a moment of honesty. \"Right, because your bodyguard reminding you to inspect your car before you got in it. That's normal.\" \"You're lucky you're cute.\" \"I get that a lot,\" Justin smiled, before returning to his food, finishing the last piece of waffle on his plate. \"I wonder why,\" JC responded, and Justin chuckled, mockingly rolling his eyes. \"Now, who's Lance?\" He asked, his face turning serious, and Josh sighed. \"An ex-boyfriend of mine. His parents are friends with mine, they work for Chasez Banks. We were always around each other at company events and we were usually the only ones around the same age. I don't know… we just started dating. I really liked him, and I felt like I had someone who wasn't with me based on how much time I had because he was rich too. But that didn't matter. As soon as I knew we weren't going to work out, I broke it off. It didn't stop him from stealing almost all of my time and trying to convince my parents I blew it when I was wasted,\" The 28 year old explained, his eyes directly on Justin's. \"I - I'm so sorry you had to go through that,\" Justin honestly said, placing his hand on top of the elder's. JC smiled, seeing the genuine sympathy in the younger's eyes. \"Thanks. But it's okay, it didn't take me all that long to get the time back and prove to my parents I was still fit to work for our company. I moved on, but Lance never did. He's bitter, and he's jealous. He's tried to ruin every relationship I've had after him, and I know what he's capable of. He's dangerous, Justin, and I don't know if I could live with myself if you ever got hurt. That's why I need you to stay as far away from him as possible. I'll do everything I can to protect you, but I need you to be on your toes as well.\" \"I can do that,\" The Memphis native smiled, his heart fluttering hearing that Josh would protect him. \"Good. I'm not going to let Lance Bass ruin what we have,\" The raven haired male spoke, and Justin sighed, his eyes lowering. \"What?\" \"I mean… that's nice and all, but what exactly is it that we have? What are we, Josh?\" Justin questioned, wanting to at least know where the older male stood. \"Well, I was hoping to make this a little more elaborate than just asking you in the middle of a restaurant the morning after you passed out drunk… but I guess now's a good a time as ever. Justin, will you be my boyfriend?\" He asked nervously, his eyes slowly raising to meet Justin's blue eyes, eyes that crinkled as the smile reached his ears. \"Really?\" The younger questioned, his smile feeling like a now permanent feature on his face. \"Yeah,\" Josh chuckled. \"I'd - I'd love to be your boyfriend.\" \"Well good,\" JC replied, smiling as he shifted his gaze to see Justin's hand still covering his own. \"My family is hosting another one of our company events next week. You wanna come? Joey always tags along for the free food.\" \"Are you sure that's a good idea?\" Justin quietly asked, lowering his eyes and gently pulling his hand off of JC's. \"Why wouldn't it be?\" \"I don't know, Josh… I don't think I'd fit in,\" The Memphis native replied, pulling at his sleeve to hide his time, clearly a motion that came automatically to him. JC felt his heart twist at the thought of such a sweet, caring man feeling as if he wasn't good enough, and now that Justin was his, he was going to do everything he could to ensure Justin knew he was everything Josh could ask for, and more. \"Come here, baby,\" Josh whispered, patting his lap. \"We're in the middle of a restaurant,\" Justin pointed out with a chuckle. \"A restaurant that doesn't open for another hour but the owner is friends with my father,\" The raven haired male responded, smiling when Justin chuckled, getting out of his seat and sitting on JC's lap. \"They're going to love you, Justin.\" \"How can you be so sure?\" \"Because I love you,\" He replied, his hand reaching up to caress Justin's cheek. \"It sounds even better the second time you say it,\" He smiled, and Josh's eyebrows furrowed. \"Wait… you remember saying it last night?\" JC asked, somewhat shocked. Justin nodded. \"I love you, Josh,\" Justin repeated, his hands wrapping around the older's neck. \"I love you too, Justin.\" —- It was the next day, and Justin and JC reluctantly separated from each other to head to their respective works. Justin sat at lunch with Chris, absentmindedly picking at his lunch while flipping through the rough copy of the spring edition of GQ. He lingered on the page with Josh's spread a little too long. God his boyfriend was hot. \"Like what you see?\" Chris questioned, unable to hide the smirk from his face as Justin jumped, jolted out of his thoughts, not speaking until he regained his breath. \"I mean - this is my first magazine. I want it to be perfect… and besides Josh's spread, it fucking sucks,\" The younger sighed, tossing the magazine to the floor. \"Hey, you're too hard on yourself, Justin. It's your first issue, nobody expects it to be perfect,\" The elder said, placing a supportive hand on his shoulder. \"Except me,\" Justin breathed, resting his elbows on his desk and placing his head in his hands. \"I told the senior editor I'd be here late tonight, I want to see what I can rearrange.\" \"No plans with your boyfriend?\" Chris teased, but Justin whipped his head up, eyes widening. \"Who told you he was my boyfriend?\" \"You. Just now,\" He responded, knowing his best friend's defensive tactic all too well. \"That's great though, J. I'm happy for you,\" Chris spoke honestly. \"Thanks. But to answer your question, no. We don't have plans. The only date I have tonight is with this magazine.\" \"So basically, you're going to run yourself into the ground over this issue?\" \"Basically,\" Justin shrugged, turning to his desktop computer. Chris chuckled and checked his watch, sighing when he realized lunch was over. \"Alright, J. I gotta go. I'll come by and wish you luck on your journey when I clock out,\" He said, standing up from his chair and heading towards the door. \"See ya,\" Justin responded, not looking up from his computer. — It was 11:34pm, and Justin still sat at his desk, scraps of paper and empty cups of coffee scattering the normally clear wood. He sighed heavily. No matter how much he tried, he felt like something was always off with the issue, and when he fixed that one thing, something else suffered. He ran his hands through his short curls and put his head in his hands. He was so focused on how much he felt like a failure, that he didn't notice the figure open his door and slip into his room. \"Hey, baby,\" The voice called, causing Justin to jump and slap a hand over his heart. \"Jesus christ, Josh! you scared the shit out of me!\" Justin exclaimed, but once he calmed down, he couldn't help his relief from flooding in. He never knew how much he needed to see his boyfriend in that minute, until now. \"Sorry,\" JC chuckled, walking towards Justin and gently pressing a kiss to his temple. \"Not that I'm not so happy to see you, but what are you doing here?\" \"Chris called me and told me you were giving yourself a hard time about the issue and that you were going to stay late. I didn't want you to burn yourself out and I wanted to make sure you ate so I made you some dinner,\" The elder told him, outstretching his hand that was holding a large, blue, plastic container. \"You mean your chef made me some dinner?\" Justin teased, gratefully taking the food. \"No, I mean I made it,\" Josh responded, and Justin looked up at him. \"Really?\" He questioned in a whisper. \"Yeah. I have to warn you though, it's not going to be anywhere near as good as what my chef could make.\" \"I don't care. It's going to be better because you made it…,\" The 23 year old smiled, placing the container on his desk. \"Thank you so much, Josh.\" \"Of course, baby. I love you,\" JC said. \"I love you too.\" \"Good, now get some food in you and let's see what we can do about this magazine.\"[Chapter 8] Justin rushed into his office the next morning 15 minutes late, his bag falling from his arm, his slightly curly hair a mess. He threw what he could onto his desk and tried to catch his breath, before he noticed Chris leaning against the doorframe, a giant smirk on his face. \"Late night?\" The elder questioned, the smirk yet to even slightly fade. \"Shut it,\" Justin glared at him, blowing his hair out of his face as he reached into his bag, pulling out a notebook and placing it gently on his desk. \"What's that?\" \"Rough draft of the spring issue. I was going to show Britney today and see what she thinks before I submit it,\" He explained, picking it up once more and handing it to Chris, who eagerly flipped through it. \"JC help you with this?\" Chris questioned. \"Yeah,\" Justin replied, trying to clean up his work space as best as he could. He and Josh didn't leave the GQ offices until extremely late, but it wasn't all due to working on the magazine. Around 1am, Justin couldn't help himself from telling his extremely hot boyfriend his fantasy about having sex in an office. Josh instantly smirked, pushing all the clippings and technology from the wooden table, picking Justin up by his waist and fulfilling his fantasy. Afterwards, the two returned to JC's mansion, just in time for Justin to get 3 hours of sleep, before missing his alarm and scrambling to make it to work. \"It's awesome, dude,\" Chris honestly told him, truly impressed with the younger's work. \"I mean, it was mostly Josh. This isn't his first magazine cover,\" He shrugged. \"Man, you got it bad, don't you J?\" The elder teased, knowing Justin was head over heels in love with the older man. \"Tell me you wouldn't if he was your boyfriend,\" Justin winked, cuffing the sleeves of his blazer. \"Does he expect any credit?\" Chris teased, and Justin scoffed. \"Of course not. I'd want to make sure I look good on my cover too. And I'd help my boyfriend out,\" He shrugged, gritting his teeth when a curl bounced back into his eyes. \"God, you talk like you've been together for years.\" \"Jealous much?\" Justin teased. \"Yeah right. I'll have you know, asshole, I've had plenty of date offers recently,\" The raven haired male confidently proclaimed, but Justin scoffed. \"Yeah, and I'm straight,\" He teased, and Chris laughed. The best friends slipped into a comfortable silence, before there was a knock on the door. \"Come in!\" Justin exclaimed, smiling when Britney walked into his office sheepishly. \"Woah, what happened in here?\" She asked, her blue eyes darting around the office, confused at how messy it was, knowing Justin was a perfectionist. \"I was here late last night with Josh working on the issue. You gotta see it, Brit!\" He exclaimed, his face lighting up. Britney couldn't help but feel her heart drop slightly. He was in his office, alone with JC. There had to be something going on between them, but she was having trouble wording her question in a way that wouldn't make her sound like a bitch. \"I'm excited to see it,\" She smiled brightly. \"That was nice of him to come and help you.\" \"Oh, I got it J!\" Chris exclaimed, clearing his throat. \"I'd want to make sure I look good on my cover too. And I'd help my boyfriend out,\" He slightly lowered his voice to impersonate Justin, who slapped his shoulder. \"Asshole,\" The Memphis native muttered under his breath. \"Oh… so you guys are officially dating?\" Britney questioned. \"Yeah! Isn't that great!?\" He exclaimed, and Britney couldn't help but smile at how adorable the slightly older man was. \"That is great, Justin. Congrats,\" She tried her best to sound sincere and not heart-broken, and by the increasing smile on Justin's face, she knew it worked. \"Alright, you two. Some people actually have to work around here. I'll see you at lunch, J, if your boyfriend doesn't decide to feed you again,\" He teased, before turning to Britney and placing a hand on her shoulder, silently giving her comfort. \"See ya, Brit.\" \"Bye Chris,\" She smiled, watching him leave the room, her gaze on the door until Justin spoke up. \"So, did you wanna look over the rough copy before I submit it to the editors?\" He questioned, sitting down and pushing what he could out of the way. \"Sure,\" The blonde responded, sitting across from him and gratefully taking the book when Justin placed it down. As she flipped through the pages, she couldn't help but admire the pictures of JC. There was no denying he was hot, and that Justin was lucky to have him, but JC was just as lucky. Justin was an amazing man. Thoughtful, sweet, and in Britney's opinion, just as good looking as JC. She smiled, her jealously slowly fading away as she realized how happy the two made each other, and how grateful she was to even be Justin's friend. \"This is really amazing, Justin,\" She honestly spoke, and Justin smiled, grateful for her approval. \"Thanks, Brit. It means a lot,\" He said, taking the book when she handed it back and holding it within his hands. \"This is it, I guess. This is going to be their first impression of me here… God, I hope I don't fuck it up,\" Justin spoke, his insecurities shining through. He couldn't afford to mess this opportunity up. He'd sacrificed all of his time to come to New York, to start a new job and a new life. He'd finally found friends… found love… He didn't know what he'd do if GQ decided that he wasn't good enough. He couldn't go back to Memphis, not with all the bad memories that remained there. He'd promised his mother he'd make a life for himself, and he couldn't do that if GQ fired him. \"You gotta stop being so hard on yourself, Justin,\" She smiled softly, seeing it in the young man's eyes that he'd been through a lot. Justin nodded, looking up at her and doing his best to smile. \"I know… It's just, this means so much to me and I have a lot riding on it,\" He shrugged. \"Yeah, I get it. I used to photograph so many people for free just so I could get my name out there, hoping someone would see it and hire me. There were times where all I could afford were the reduced and expired food items in the grocery stores, but it gets better. Especially around here,\" Britney told him. \"And what do you have to worry about? You're dating JC Chasez for christ's sake,\" She giggled, feeling more comfortable being around Justin as his friend. \"Brit!\" Justin exclaimed, unable to hold back a laugh, feeling himself relax. The blonde then smirked, raising her eyebrows. \"Oh no.\" \"What do you say we have some fun? You and I have been working ourselves into the ground for far too long,\" She suggested, the smile on her perfectly tanned skin increasing. \"I like the sound of that,\" Justin smirked, watching as Britney grabbed one of the glasses filled with water left from the previous night. She started to laugh along with Justin, but quickly brought her finger to her lips, trying to hold in her giggles as she led the way out Justin's office, her eyes landing on Chris, who was leaning forward in his chair, eyes glued to his computer. Tip toeing over to his desk, the two tried their best to keep quiet, and Britney silently counted to three, before lifting the glass high up, and dumping he contents out, all over Chris' black suit. \"What the fuck?!\" He exclaimed, screeching his chair backwards in shock, barely missing Britney, who along with Justin, was doubled over in laughter. \"That was too good!\" Justin breathed out through his intense laughter, as Britney just nodded, unable to speak. \"Fucking children,\" Chris muttered, starting to remove the soaked contents from his desk. \"Come on, Chris, Justin was being hard on himself! I needed something to cheer him up!\" The female tried to explain, her laughter slowly dying down. \"Just call JC next time or something. My reports didn't deserve this,\" He spoke, picking up his paper and shaking them. \"Like you do anything important around here,\" Justin scoffed. \"I liked you better when you were being hard on yourself.\" \"See ya at lunch, old man. Come on, Brit. Let's go submit this magazine,\" He smiled, turning to the blonde with a smile. \"See you, Chris!\" Britney laughed, waving as she ran off giggling with Justin. \"Hey, man!\" Chris smiled later on that day, bursting into Justin's office on his way out. \"Hey, CK. What's up?\" Justin responded, looking up from his computer. \"I just got back from the editors office. They love the issue,\" The elder man said, the grin still evident on his face, as Justin's bright blue eyes widened. \"Really?\" He softly questioned, feeling his heart start to race. \"Yeah. They said the final copy should be ready within the next week. \"That's awesome,\" The 23 year old spoke, trying his best to hide his true excitement. \"Good job, kid. I'm proud of you,\" Chris genuinely told his best friend, knowing how much effort the younger put into the magazine. \"Thanks, Chris. I really appreciate it.\" \"Anytime. I'll see you tomorrow, J.\" \"See ya,\" Justin responded, watching as Chris turned around and left his office. When Justin was sure he was alone, he noticed his lips were starting to hurt, most likely because he had yet to stop smiling. He immediately grabbed for his cell phone, wanting to call Josh, but heard another knock on his door. \"Come in!\" He called, believing it was Chris once more. However, his smile faded quickly as he watched Lance Bass walk into his office, and lock the door. \"Hi Justin,\" The blonde said, the smirk slowly growing on his face. \"Hi Albino,\" Justin responded, trying his best not to act intimidated, or ask how his boyfriend's ex knew his name. \"Real cute. Like I haven't heard that one before,\" Lance scoffed. \"Must mean it's true,\" The Memphis native shrugged. \"Would you rather me ask you why you're here now, or after I have you escorted out by security?\" \"I can see Joshua has already told you about me.\" \"He's told me enough to know that I want nothing to do with you, and I want you no where near him,\" Justin growled, not backing down. However, Lance just smirked. \"A little possessive, aren't we?\" \"I think I'm entitled to be after how much you fucked him over.\" \"You see, Justin, this is why I had to come pay you a little visit. You might think that you're this tough guy that can protect JC from big bad Lance. He hasn't even told you half of the story. But what? You're so blinded by how much time he has you can't pay close enough attention?\" The blonde questioned, stepping closer to Justin, who just chuckled. \"You really figured out my name and where I work just to try and make me believe you aren't some jealous, bitter ex-boyfriend? God, Josh didn't tell me you were that pathetic?\" The 23 year old scoffed, gaining his confidence. \"So naive,\" Lance laughed. \"I came all this way to give you a fair warning. Just because Joshua is dating the likes of you, it doesn't mean i'm going to back off. He belongs with me, Justin. I've gotten rid of his exes in the past…,\" He continued, stepping closer to Justin, who instinctively backed up, his back touching the wall. \"I'll have no problem getting rid of you,\" He finished, watching as Justin's crystal blue eyes raised, making direct eye contact with his. \"I'd like to see you try.\"[Chapter 9] \"Baby, I'm so proud of you!\" Joshua exclaimed happily, as he and Justin sat in JC's dining room, eating the elegant dinner that the chef had prepared. Justin had went straight to Josh's after Lance's visit, wanting to tell him as soon as possible. He was planning to visit anyways after Chris told him that the GQ editors loved the magazine, balling up his excitement until he was with Josh, who truly understood how much the issue meant to him. He knew Josh wouldn't be happy about Lance, however, and would automatically slip into 'protective boyfriend' mode, but Justin couldn't keep it from him, despite the original intentions of coming over. \"I mean - it was mostly you,\" Justin shrugged, taking a bite of the roasted potatoes on his plate. \"Don't say that. It was all you, Justin. You're more talented than you give yourself credit for… I just helped you realize it,\" The slightly elder man smiled, chuckling lightly when Justin blushed. The 23 year old then cleared his throat, the smile fading as his eyes raised to meet Josh's. \"Josh?\" \"Yeah?\" JC instantly replied, curious as to why Justin's tone suddenly turned serious. \"Lance came to work today,\" He slowly and carefully said, watching as his boyfriend's eyes widened, the anger already growing in them. \"What?!\" He exclaimed, almost choking on the steak he was chewing on. \"Don't worry, I'm fine,\" Justin assured, taking the elder's hand within his own, wanting JC to be calm before he continued. \"Did he try anything?\" The raven haired male questioned, and Justin smiled at the concern. \"No.\" \"How the hell did he find out your name, not to mention where you work?\" JC asked, his voice lowering, the concern still evident. \"I honestly don't know. He didn't say…,\" Justin replied. \"See, this is what I mean. He's dangerous, Justin. God, you shouldn't have even been alone with him!\" His voice started to raise, his breathing starting to speed up until Justin squeezed his hand, offering comfort. \"I'm okay. He didn't try anything,\" Justin repeated, knowing his boyfriend needed to hear it again. \"Thank God. What did he want?\" \"Wanted to give me a fair warning that he wasn't going to back off and that he was going to get rid of me… you know, the same thing you already told me about,\" The Memphis native shrugged. \"Fuck,\" Josh muttered, bringing his free hand to his face. \"Justin, I want my security to be with you. I don't want you to be alone. I can't have anything happen to you,\" The 28 year old started to ramble. \"Josh, no. I don't want your security. I want to live my life the same way I have here. I'm not going to walk into work with a personal security guard… I'm not scared of Lance,\" He spoke, and JC's silver-blue eyes connected with Justin's once more. \"You're not?\" He whispered, more needing Justin's reassurance to calm his own nerves. \"No. I've been through more than Lance Bass can even imagine. Him trying to get me out of my boyfriend's life is honestly just going to be free entertainment. I promise I'll be careful… I'll stay away from him and I'll watch my back, but I'm not going to stop living because of him,\" Justin spoke, and JC nodded, a small smile on his face. \"I love you so much,\" He spoke, squeezing the younger's hand within his own. \"I love you too.\" \"Enough about Lance. Let's keep talking about your magazine,\" JC announced, chuckling when he saw Justin's eyes light up, a bright smile on his face as he started to happily ramble about his day. Justin was fiddling with his black blazer, his shaky hands making it extremely difficult to place the button through the hole of his cuff. \"Damn it, Timberlake,\" He muttered under his breath. Tonight was the night of Joshua's family event. The night he would meet JC's family, friends and business partners. The Memphis native still didn't feel like he would fit in, despite Josh's constant reassurances. What if they caught onto his slight southern accent immediately? What if they thought his curly hair was messy? What if they knew that almost all the time he had was because Joshua had given it to him. Sighing, he sat down on Josh's bed, placing his head in his hands. He soon felt a pair of hands pull his own from his face, opening his eyes slowly to see Joshua looking at him, the admiration shining in the silver-blue. \"Chris and Joey are downstairs,\" JC spoke softly. He knew Justin was terrified of not fitting in, and his heart broke for the younger man. Justin was the most amazing person he'd ever met, and he hated that his boyfriend couldn't see that for himself./span/p \"I don't know if I can do this,\" Justin whispered, the tears starting to shimmer in his eyes. \"Hey,\" Josh spoke, instantly sitting on the bed next to Justin and wrapping his arms around the younger. \"Of course you can do this. They're going to love you, baby. You've got to be more confident in who you are…,\" He told his boyfriend, gently pressing his face into his soft curls. \"Easy for you to say,\" Justin lightly chuckled, closing his eyes when he felt Josh gently press a kiss to his temple. \"Let's get down there before Chris and Joey get into my liquor stash,\" The elder laughed, grateful when the younger did as well. \"Wait,\" Justin stopped him, sheepishly raising his wrist, the cuff of his suit still not buttoned. Josh chuckled once more, carefully placing the button through the black fabric before grabbing his hand and helping him up. They made their way down the massive staircase, watching with smirks as Joey and Chris attempted to search through each and every drawer, no doubt looking for alcohol. \"You're not going to find it,\" JC spoke from his place on the stairs, holding in his laugh when Joey and Chris jumped up and gasped. \"No - Jayce, c'mon - we weren't - we weren't looking for anything,\" Joey tried to cover up, his voice trembling. \"He's right! We just - we just wanted to see - oh fuck, what's the point?\" Chris huffed in defeat. \"No, no. Keep going, I was enjoying that,\" JC smirked, rubbing his hand up and down Justin's back as the younger rolled his eyes with a chuckle. \"Well, maybe if you and loverboy didn't take so long upstairs, we wouldn't be looking for anything,\" Joey chimed in, smirking as JC rolled his eyes. He then took in the purple dress shirt and black pants Chris was wearing, along with the red shirt and black pants Joey was sporting. \"You two clean up pretty nicely,\" He commented. \"You have to dress nice to get served the free food,\" Joey responded, as Josh rolled his eyes once more. \"Let's just go. Kevin is waiting,\" He stated, turning to Justin with a smile and pressing a kiss to his hand before squeezing it, offering just enough comfort to calm Justin's nerves. \"Mom, dad, this is Justin,\" Josh proudly introduced his boyfriend to his parents, his hand gently stroking the younger' back, knowing how nervous he was. \"Oh, it's so nice to meet you Justin!\" JC's mother, Karen, exclaimed, pulling the 23 year old into a tight embrace. \"You too, Mrs. Chasez,\" Justin returned, holding onto her, as he realized how much he missed having a mother figure. \"Please Mrs. Chasez is so formal. Call us Karen and Roy,\" She smiled brightly, pulling away from the younger man and placing her hands on his shoulders. \"Joshua has told us so much about you.\" \"Mom!\" JC whined, wanting nothing more than for his mother to keep his mushy comments about his boyfriend to herself. \"Oh hush, Joshua. Justin deserves to know how happy he makes you,\" Karen said, her heart melting when she saw the bright smile instantly adorn Justin's face. She then turned to Joshua and chuckled, seeing his cheeks flush red. Roy, JC's dad, also chuckled at his son's embarrassment and placed a hand on his shoulder. When he did, Justin couldn't help but notice the amount of time on his arm. It was a quick glance, but the man had at least hundreds of decades. The Memphis native shifted uncomfortably, his smile fading as he realized just how much he didn't fit in. He tried his best to continue smiling, and wondered if Josh could yet notice the difference between a genuine and fake one. He noticed his boyfriend's eyes lower slightly, and instantly got his answer. \"He makes me very happy. He knows that,\" Josh spoke, more speaking to Justin than anyone else. Roy noticed his son looking at Justin, and nodded at his wife. \"Come on, Karen, let's give them at least some privacy,\" He spoke, then turning to Joshua and Justin. \"You guys owe me,\" He teased, winking as he walked away with his wife. When they were out of JC's vision, he turned to his boyfriend, wrapping an arm around his waist. \"You okay?\" \"I just - I still don't feel like I fit in,\" Justin sighed, looking down. JC felt his heart tighten and leaned forward, kissing his temple. \"Baby, they don't see you for your time. They didn't even notice it. My mom told you, you make me happy. That's all they care about. That's all I care about,\" He spoke, gently running his hand up and down Justin's back. \"Thanks,\" He softly smiled, feeling somewhat better. \"Of course. I love you.\" \"I love you too.\" Justin felt much better as the night when on, as Josh's family and friends were warm and welcoming, none of them even slightly referencing his time, or questioning where he came from or why he looked so nervous. He excused himself briefly, walking into the large, marbled, and perfectly cleaned bathroom in the Chasez mansion. He looked at himself in the mirror and smiled slightly, grateful for his new life. He then lifted the sleeve on his dress shirt, staring at the time on his arms. 25 years. It was an amount of time he never in his life thought he would have, but was so incredibly thankful for it, for Josh, for everything. He was in the process of pulling his sleeve back down, when the bathroom door opened, and Lance Bass slipped in. \"Hi, Justin,\" He instantly spoke, quickly locking the door, cornering the younger male in. \"What do you want, Lance?\" Justin sighed, not in the mood to deal with his lover's ex. He was in too good of a mood. \"My parents told me Josh's new boyfriend would be joining us tonight. It would've been rude of me to pretend not to know who you are,\" The blonde responded, and Justin rolled his eyes. \"I'm so sick of your games, Lance. Leave Josh and I alone,\" He confidently said, going to step around Lance, but the other male was too quick, blocking his path. \"Not so fast. I'm not sure how much longer there is going to be a Josh and you.\" \"What the fuck are you talking about?\" The Memphis native asked, his eyes narrowing. \"You really are naive, aren't you? You think you could waltz into the life of JC Chasez and hide your little secrets forever?\" Lance lowered his voice, stepping closer to the 23 year old. \"Lance, what are you talking about?\" Justin shakily questioned, the confidence fading from his voice. \"I know everything about you, Justin Timberlake. I know you used to live in Memphis. I know you were raised by a single mother who worked her ass off to get 24 hours of time just to feed you and make it to work the next day. I know you came from nothing, and I know she timed out and that's why you're here. That's all fine. But you really think Josh's parents, never mind Josh, are going to allow you to be in their lives when your father was one of the biggest time thieves in Memphis and was killed for stealing time?\" Lance spoke, watching as Justin's jaw dropped in shock. \"How…\" Justin started to shakily speak, wondering how his darkest kept secrets were so easily found by someone he barely knew. \"I told you. You thought that the richest family in New York wouldn't find out? Even if they didn't, I did. And I won't stand back and let Joshua be in danger of dating a con man's son.\" \"Lance, please… don't do this. I'm nothing like him,\" The Memphis native begged, the tears filling his eyes as his world shattered.\"Too late. If I were you, I'd get out of here as soon as possible. Karen and Roy were the first people I told, it's only a matter of time before they tell Josh and he kicks you out of his life and realizes I'm the only one for him.\" \"You're a bastard,\" Justin whispered, using all of his energy to stop the tears from flowing out of his eyes, refusing to give Lance the satisfaction of seeing him cry. \"Maybe, but at least I earn my time,\" He smirked, before Justin roughly pushed him out of the way and unlocked the door, rushing out. \"Justin?\" Chris questioned, seeing his best friend racing through the large house, heading for the door. He turned to Joey, the concern already growing on his face as he took off after Justin, wondering what had happened to cause the younger man to feel the need to get out of the house as quickly as possible.[Chapter 10] \"Justin!\" Chris exclaimed, finally catching up to his best friend and gripping him by the arm. He heard Justin's sobs, which only exponentially increased his concerns. \"Justin, what the hell happened?!\" \"Chris, I have to go! Please just let me go,\" Justin cried, his voice lowering as his bloodshot eyes raising to his elder's. \"Hey,\" Chris lowered his voice, his heart breaking at how devastated the younger male looked. \"J, you gotta tell me what happened.\" \"Lance… Lance knows about my family… about my dad… he - he told Josh's parents,\" Justin broke down, throwing himself into Chris' embrace. Chris was shocked. He knew he was one of the few people that was aware of Justin's past life in Memphis, and he couldn't comprehend how Lance Bass, of all people, had found out. \"Oh my God, Justin. I'm so sorry,\" The 32 year old tried his best to soothe the crying man, holding him as tight as he possibly could. \"J - Josh is going to h - hate me,\" He sobbed, holding onto his best friend as if he was his lifeline. \"Hey, Josh is not going to hate you. He knows you, Justin. He knows you're nothing like that,\" He tried, but Justin just violently shook his head. \"He's going to leave me, Chris. He's the best thing that's ever happened to me and I'm going to lose him!\" \"Justin, hey. Look at me,\" Chris spoke sternly, waiting for the younger to slightly calm down, raising his eyes. \"You aren't going to loose him. JC loves you more than you know. He knows how hard you work for your own time, okay? You just need to talk to him.\" \"I just want to go home,\" Justin sniffled, slowly pulling away from Chris' embrace, spotting JC's driver. \"I'll see you at work,\" He softly said, lowering his eyes as he walked towards the car and into the door JC's driver was holding open. \"Hey, Joe. Have you seen Justin anywhere?\" JC questioned, approaching his own best friend, who was standing by the bar and observing the festivities. \"Yeah. Chris and I saw him running out of here, it looked like he was crying or something. Chris went after him,\" The 27 year old told him, as the elder's eyes widened. \"What?! Why didn't you come find me?!\" Josh exclaimed, his worry skyrocketing. \"Because I thought Chris had it under control. I told you - he went after him.\" \"That doesn't make me feel any better, Joey. What the hell happened?!\" He continued to question. \"I don't know!\" Joey defended, just as his eyes caught Lance Bass, walking out of the same area Justin had. \"Oh no.\" \"Oh no what?\" JC questioned, his gaze following his best friend's, landing on Lance. \"Joey -\" \"That's where Justin just came from,\" He answered Josh's question before it could even be asked. \"Fuck!\" He exclaimed, nudging the New York native and quickly rushing to where Lance looked as if he was trying to escape. However, the two urgently cornered him, JC's eyes flickering with anger. \"What the fuck did you do to Justin!?\" \"Woah. No 'hi Lance, how are you? Thank you for coming?'\" \"Absolutely not. What did you do to Justin?\" He repeated, his voice more strict, his teeth gritting as he tried not to make a scene. \"I found out who he really is, Joshua. I'm protecting you from him.\" \"Stop fucking talking in riddles and tell me what's going on!\" Josh exclaimed, his patience wearing thin. \"Your innocent little angel isn't so innocent. His father was one of the biggest time thieves in Memphis,\" He smirked, and Josh's stare didn't falter. \"So?\" He questioned, still confused, his voice low. \"So? What the hell do you mean so?! Josh, he's with you for your time! Nothing more, nothing less. He's a scam artist. At least that's what your parents said,\" The blonde spoke, the edges of his lips curling into a smirk as finally, JC's jaw dropped. \"You told my parents?\" \"Of course I did. I told you, I'm the only one here for you, Joshua. I've always been the only one there for you,\" He said, and JC scoffed, taking a step towards the younger male, his eyes a dark, fiery tone of their normal blue. \"You listen to me, James Lance Bass. If you ever think of hurting Justin again, whether physically, mentally or verbally, I will personally make sure your parents get fired and banned from Chasez Banks for life. You can meddle in my life all you want, but don't ever include Justin in your sick, delusional games,\" He threatened, and Lance quickly decided that this was the most angry JC had ever been. The 26 year old sneered as he took a deep breath, clenching his fists as Joey slowly pulled him away from the situation, and out of Lance's vision. \"He isn't worth it, C.\" \"God, Joe. Imagine how awful Justin must feel. He told me he was terrified of not fitting in, and I promised him it would be okay...,\" The elder man sighed, feeling as if he'd let his boyfriend down. In the corner of his eye, he saw Chris slowly walk back into the house, and directly to where JC and Joey were standing, looking straight at Josh, his eyes sad. \"He went home,\" He simply spoke and could almost see Josh's heart break. \"Fuck. I gotta go after him!\" JC panicked, ready to make a mad dash, only to be stopped by Chris' hand on his arm. \"He's stubborn, JC. He's going to try and convince you that you don't love him and that you deserve someone so much better than him,\" Chris told him, knowing his best friend all too well. And by JC's nod, he knew it too. \"He isn't getting rid of me so easy. He's the best thing that's ever happened to me and I refuse to let him go. I love him,\" The 28 year old confessed, appreciating when Chris smiled. \"Then go after him,\" Chris encouraged, smiling softly as JC nodded, before turning the other way and racing out of his parents' mansion. He reached the large driveway, immediately spotting his driver and rushing over to him. \"Kevin! Did you just take Justin home?!\" He frantically exclaimed. \"Yes, Mr. Chasez. I took him to his address,\" The driver calmly explained, his eyebrows raised in confusion. \"I need you to take me there,\" He spoke, opening the door and sliding into the back seat before the driver could even respond. The 28 year old impatiently shifted on the way to Justin's apartment, unable to keep still, his heart racing as he thought of not only how Justin must be feeling, but how he was going to convince the younger that he didn't care about his family. He hadn't spoken to his parents, but he knew them better than Lance did. Yes, they were protective about their family's time, but they know Joshua well enough to know he would never introduce them to his boyfriend if he didn't completely trust him. Soon, the black SUV pulled up to the apartment complex's front door, and Josh silently praised himself for remembering the apartment number Justin lived in. He barely waited for the car to come to a complete stop before throwing the door open and rushing through the barely occupied lobby, figuring the elevator would have taken too long and opting to sprint up 4 flights of stairs. He reached Justin's floor, stopping briefly to catch his breath as he slowly made his way down the hallway, his eyes searching for Justin's apartment. He soon stopped outside of the door that read 416, taking a deep breath as he lifted his hand and knocked on the door. The raven haired male pressed his ear up against the door, hoping to hear Justin's shuffled footsteps making their way to the door, but he had yet to hear anything. Sighing, he knocked a little louder, letting out a breath when he heard some movement from inside. He felt his heart start to race, worried as to how rough his young, innocent lover must be feeling, thinking that Josh's parents hated him. Slowly, the wooden door opened, and there was Justin, his eyes bloodshot, the tears still running down his face, and not even changed out of his suit. The younger was shocked to see Joshua standing before him, convinced that he would want nothing to do with him. \"Josh?\" He breathed out in a whisper, the tears still flowing down his tan cheeks. \"Oh, baby,\" JC softly replied, reaching forward and gathering his love in his arms. He felt Justin's tears start to soak his shirt, but he didn't care. All he cared about was that Justin, his Justin, was in his arms. \"L - Lance,\" Justin tried to speak through his sobs, but Josh continued to rub his back, placing a kiss in his light brown curls. \"Sh, I don't want to talk about Lance. I know what happened. I want to talk about you. Here, sweetheart. Let's go sit down,\" The slightly elder male said, gently pulling Justin's hands from around his torso and entertaining their fingers, leading Justin to his leather couch and sitting down next to him, still gripping his hand. \"Why did you come after me?\" Justin whispered, his tired and swollen eyes raising to meet Josh's. \"Because I love you. Justin, I don't care about what your father did. You're not him. You work so unbelievably hard for your time, and you've proved that to me since the moment I met you. I trust you more than anyone that's ever been in my life,\" The 28 year old told him honestly. \"What about your parents? Lance told me they think I'm using you…,\" The Memphis native sadly spoke. \"I didn't get the chance to speak to them before I raced after you, but I know them. They know that if I'm bringing my boyfriend to a family event to meet my parents, I trust you. They know how cautious I am with my time, after Lance stole it all. It takes a lot for me to trust someone. But I trust you, Justin. Besides, my parents weren't born with million of years to their name either.\" \"They weren't?\" Justin questioned, somewhat shocked that Karen and Roy weren't always rich. \"Of course not,\" JC lightly chuckled. \"My grandfather is the founder of Chasez Banks, but he refused to give my father any time until he earned it for himself. He's worked for our company since he was 14 and made his way up to being CEO,\" The slightly older male explained. Justin felt himself completely relax, dropping his head to Josh's shoulder, exhausted from the night. \"I'm sorry I took off without talking to you first,\" He said, causing Josh to chuckle once again. \"Hey, don't be sorry. I would've booked it out of there if I thought my boyfriend's parents hated me… I'm sorry I let Lance get to you.\" \"Albinos are fast. You would have never been able to catch up with him,\" Justin shrugged with a slight chuckle. \"Especially ones that escaped from the zoo,\" JC replied, kissing Justin's curls gently. They sat in a comfortable silence for a few minutes, just enjoying being with each other, offering the comfort and support they both needed. It was Justin who finally broke the silence and pulled away first. \"Don't you have to go back? I mean… it's your family's event. Shouldn't you be there?\" He asked, but didn't loosen his grip around Josh's torso. \"I don't think it'd be a good idea for me to go back. If I saw Lance again, I'd rip him to fucking shreds. That isn't exactly allowed if you're the son of Karen and Roy Chasez,\" JC shrugged, bringing his hands to Justin's curls, feeling the soft hair run through his fingers. \"I'm perfectly happy here with you.\" \"I'm happy you're here too,\" The Memphis native said, then sighed. \"You know you deserve better than me, right? You could have anyone in the world…,\" He whispered, lowering his eyes once again. \"Hey,\" Josh started, bringing his hand to Justin's chin and raising it so their eyes met. \"Don't say things like that. Don't let Lance get into your head. It's what he wants… I don't deserve emyou. /emYou are everything I have ever wanted in a partner, Justin. You're kind, you're sweet, you're caring, and it sure helps that you're by far the hottest person I have ever laid my eyes on,\" He said, and Justin blushed with a laugh. \"I love you,\" He honestly spoke, his eyes staring into Josh's. \"I love you too,\" JC whispered, leaning forward and kissing his lips. He smiled into the kiss when Justin wrapped his arms around his neck, grateful that in that moment, there was no Lance. There was nothing trying to tear them apart. When they pulled away, Josh smiled, hooking his arms under Justin's legs and lifting him up, all while Justin laughed. \"What are you doing?\" He asked through his laughter. \"Putting you to bed. You're shot,\" He responded, moving his way to the head of Justin's double bed and gently placing him down on the grey sheets. \"Aren't you going to tuck me in too?\" Justin questioned with a smirk. \"Smart ass,\" Josh responded, sitting down on the bed next to Justin, running a thumb down his soft cheek. \"I'm gonna head back to the party and talk to my parents for a little bit, and also check on Joey and Chris… if they haven't been kicked out.\" \"Oh God, who knows what they've got into,\" The 23 year old said. \"Right? The bar is probably dry by now,\" He laughed. \"Your fault. You're the one that told them it was free,\" Justin sing-songed. Josh once again chuckled, but soon turned serious. \"Are you going to be okay?\" He questioned after playing rolling his eyes at Justin's comment, his voice full of love and concern. \"Yeah… I'll be okay,\" Justin whispered, reassuring him. \"I promise I'll be back and I'll be here in the morning. I don't have any meetings tomorrow.\" \"Okay,\" Justin responded with a smile. \"You better be sleeping by the time I get back,\" JC teased, but Justin knew he was only expressing his concern for the younger male. \"Oh, trust me. As soon as that door closes I'll be out,\" The Memphis native said with a bright smile./span/p \"Good. You need your rest,\" He spoke, his hands running through Justin's curls once more. \"Yes Dad,\" Justin teased, sticking his tongue out. Josh chuckled, leaning down and pressing a kiss to Justin's mouth when it closed. \"I love you, Justin.\" \"I love you too, Josh,\" Justin whispered, already fast asleep by the time Joshua walked out of his room and closed the door, a smile on his face.[Chapter 11] Joshua walked back into his parents' mansion, his head kept somewhat low as he searched for either his parents, or his friends. He did his best to keep his breathing calm and talk to himself, preparing if he saw Lance to not immediately race up to him and start attacking him. That wasn't what he was there for. \"Jayce!\" He heard his name being called, and he felt himself relax. Lance would never call him by his nickname. Only his full name, because he thought he had that privilege. Slowly, JC turned around and smirked slightly, seeing Joey and Chris. \"Hey guys.\" \"Man, even at an open bar, you'd think you'd be cut off,\" Chris commented, and JC lightly smiled. \"Nah,\" He shrugged. \"Did you and Justin work it out?\" Joey questioned, the obvious sober one of the two. \"Yeah. He's at his place sleeping right now. He's exhausted. I wanted to come by and make sure you guys were doing okay, and I wanted to talk to my parents,\" He explained, running his hands through his raven hair. \"Oh yeah, I think they were looking for you,\" The Italian responded, sipping on his Coors Light. \"Have you seen them?\" \"I saw them actually escorting Lance out a while ago. That was fucking priceless.\" \"Wait, really?\" Josh questioned, his eyes lighting up with excitement. If his parents had personally thrown Lance out of their party, it was pretty much confirmed they didn't care about Justin's childhood, and were defending their son and his relationship. \"Dude, why would I even bother to make that up?\" Joey pointed out, and JC smiled. \"True,\" He shrugged, before he noticed his parents at the top of their long, light marble staircase. \"Hey. I'm gonna go talk to them and then head back to Justin's. I'll call another driver for you and Chris... you guys gonna be okay to get home?\" He questioned, more looking at Chris, who he realized got oddly quiet when he was drunk. \"Don't worry, C. I'll make sure Chris gets home alright,\" Joey nodded, slapping Chris' shoulder for emphasis. \"Fuck off,\" Chris mumbled, causing Joey and JC to laugh. \"I think he's pissed about Lance so he got hammered to forget,\" Joey then seriously said. \"I didn't fucking forget. If I'm drunk, I won't have the coordination to punch Albino directly in the face,\" The eldest chimed in. \"Now that's a smart strategy. I was just gonna hope my teeth wouldn't puncture my tongue if I saw him and the cramps in my hands would go away from holding my fists closed,\" The Maryland native explained, and Joey and Chris knew he wasn't at all joking. \"Well, you don't have to worry about that now.\" \"Yeah, not until the next time he tries to fuck with Justin,\" Chris spat, rolling his eyes. \"He better not ever try to fuck with Justin again. I have no problem taking back the time he stole from me and taking that from his parents by making them unemployed,\" JC sneered, the anger burning in him once again. \"He isn't worth it, C,\" Joey comforted, putting a hand on his arm. \"No. But Justin is,\" Josh sighed, before offering a small smile and turning on his heels, making his way up the stairs and to his parents. \"Hey Mom, Dad,\" He softly spoke, causing them both to turn around. Karen immediately wrapped her son in a hug, while his father checked the time on his arm to make sure all of it was there and he was okay. \"Oh, sweetie. Are you okay?\" She asked, pulling him away and placing her hands on his face. \"I'm fine, Mom. I just went to check on Justin,\" He sighed. \"We've been looking everywhere for you two after James spoke to us,\" His mother told him, the concern thick in her voice. Josh rolled his eyes at the mention of his ex. \"Justin ran out of here crying. I went after him,\" He explained, before slightly clearing his throat. \"You guys don't think Justin's a scam artist, do you?\" The 28 year old asked, and instantly, Roy and Karen looked extremely confused. \"Of course not. Where would you even get something like that?\" Karen asked. \"Lance told Justin you guys said that. Justin thinks you hate him and that's why he left...,\" He explained. \"Oh goodness. Josh, we would never say something like that. We can tell how much you love him... God, Justin must feel awful.\" \"He did. He was hysterical when I went over there but I told him you guys didn't care about his childhood or what his father did.\" \"We don't, son. We know how you guard your time, and if you feel like you can trust Justin, than we can too,\" Roy told him, and Josh smiled. \"Okay, good. That's what I told him, but I wanted to make sure it was true.\" \"It is. We were a little shocked to find out he grew up with no time, though. He doesn't look like that type,\" JC's father commented. \"It's because now he basically works his ass off for his own time, you'd think he's had it all his life,\" The younger Chasez responded. \"God, that must be so hard on him, being so young,\" Karen spoke up. \"It's all he knows. Both his parents timed out. He has to work just to survive. When I met him and he found out who I was, he never once asked me for any time. He actually refused because he's so used to earning it on his own,\" JC explained, the smile on his face as he proudly spoke about his class=\"Apple-converted-space\" \"See? Scam artists don't refuse time. They don't even ask, they just take it,\" Roy pointed out, and JC smiled, knowing it was his fathers way of trying to make him feel better. \"I know. That's why I love him.\" \"He didn't want to come back with you?\" Karen questioned, and JC could tell it was his mother's way of telling him she wanted to speak to Justin herself. \"No, he's exhausted. I told him I'd go back over once I came and talked to you both.\" \"Then you better get going,\" She smiled, rubbing his shoulder gently. Josh returned the smile, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to her cheek. \"Thanks,\" He said, reaching over to hug his father. \"We love you, son,\" Roy spoke. \"I love you too,\" He smiled brightly, turning to leave before he ran into Lance. When he returned to Justin's door, he reached into his pocket, thankful that Justin had provided him with a spare key before he left. He slowly placed it into the lock, trying to be as quiet as possible, not wanting to wake his hopefully sleeping boyfriend. He opened the wooden door with minimal force, closing it behind him as he made his way through the living room and kitchen, straight into Justin's bedroom. His heart melted when he saw Justin curled up under the sheets, his back against the door, fast asleep. Josh smiled, taking off his shoes and belt before sliding into the bed behind Justin, wrapping his arms around his waist. \"I love you,\" He whispered, pressing a gentle kiss to Justin's earlobe. \"Mm… love you too,\" Justin mumbled, and JC couldn't tell if he'd said it in his sleep or not, but it didn't matter. He knew Justin loved him. JC slowly opened his eyes the next morning and took in his surroundings, quickly realizing that he was in Justin's apartment. The events of the previous night flooded back to him, and he then instantly noticed that the other side of the bed, Justin's side, was empty. Justin wasn't curled up beside him, his head wasn't resting on his chest. JC was confused, as he had started to get used to waking up before Justin. He pulled back the covers on Justin's bed and made his way into the kitchen, smiling when he saw Justin standing near the stove, the sound and smell of bacon filling the room. The elder of the two made his way over to his boyfriend, sliding his hands around his waist. \"Hey,\" JC whispered. \"Oh, hey,\" Justin replied just as softly, turning around in Josh's arms, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to his lips. \"How are you feeling?\" He questioned, genuinely concerned as he reached out and pushed a stray curl behind Justin's ear. \"I'm okay,\" The 23 year old smiled. \"Good. Now, what do we have going on here?\" Josh questioned, peeking around Justin to look at the eggs and bacon on the stove. Justin shrugged. \"You always make breakfast when I stay over at your place. I wanted to do the same for you,\" He responded, with a light blush. JC chuckled. \"You mean I always get my chef to make breakfast,\" He corrected with a laugh. \"It's the thought that counts,\" Justin softly said, kissing Josh's cheek before turning back to the stove. \"Thank you for this, baby. You didn't have to,\" JC said, happily taking a sip of his orange juice. \"I wanted to do this. I wanted to thank you for last night,\" He said, focusing on his plate and pushing the eggs around with his fork. \"Thank me for what?\" The 28 year old asked, genuinely confused. \"For everything. For coming after me, for accepting me for who I am. Anybody else who's heard about my father avoids me at all costs… but you didn't…\" He trailed off. \"Because I know you, Justin. I told you, I trust you more than anyone that's ever been in my life. If I thought for one second that you were with me for my time, I would have never brought you last night,\" He explained, his heart fluttering when Justin finally looked up from his plate and smiled at him. \"Thank you,\" Justin whispered. \"Don't thank me. I love you,\" He said, reaching across the table to hold his boyfriend's hand. He saw Justin's face relax, almost as if he was waiting to be assured that JC still loved him. \"I love you too…\" \"My parents love you too. All that shit Lance said to you… my parents never said that. They felt awful about it when I told them,\" The elder of the two spoke, knowing that even though Justin wasn't bringing up the topic of JC going back to the party last night, he was curious to know what happened. \"Really?\" \"Yeah. They personally escorted Lance out of the party,\" Josh told him, the smile bright on his face. \"I would've paid days to see that,\" Justin replied with a light chuckle. \"Oh, me too,\" JC laughed, before turning serious. \"Seriously, Justin. They're so sorry he made you think they were like that. They don't care that you grew up with no time, and they don't think you're going to steal mine.\" \"Did Lance really think you weren't going to check with your parents to see if his bullshit lies were actually true?\" Justin asked, trying to hold in a laugh. \"I told you, he's the stupidest person I've ever met. And he can keep trying to come between you and I but it's never going to work. You're mine,\" Josh told Justin, running a thumb over his hand. \"You don't know how happy I am to hear you say that.\"[Chapter 12] Justin loosened his blue and yellow striped tie as he sat as his desk, reviewing the rough edition of a GQ issue one of the writers had emailed him. He sighed inwardly. The first issue he'd solely edited had yet to even hit stores, yet GQ's focus was already on the next magazine. He hovered his mouse around the arrow that led him to the next page, clicking and continuing to read about the best fashion trends for the upcoming holiday season. He admired the inserted picture of a male model sporting a maroon dress shirt, which was apparently this years 'it' colour. Soon, he was startled out of his thoughts when he heard someone knocking on the door. \"Come in!\" He exclaimed, quickly looking at the clock to determine if it could be Chris, but ruled it out as it was only 10:27. Chris wouldn't have time to bug him at this time. Slowly, the door opened, and GQ's head editor, Johnny Wright, peeked his head in. \"Hey Justin, you mind if I talk to you for a second?\" He questioned. \"No, not at all. Come on in,\" Justin responded, maybe a little to quickly. He felt his palms starting to sweat as Johnny took a seat in front of him. Why would the editor in chief need to speak to him? Did he see his magazine and disapprove? Questions were flying through Justin's mind at a mile a minute, but his scrambled thoughts were soon interrupted when Johnny started speaking. \"I received your issue and…,\" Johnny started, and Justin nervously tapped his foot on the floor. Damn, it was like he was talking in slow motion! \"I just wanted to come congratulate you. It's amazing,\" He finished, and Justin let out an audibly sigh of relief. \"Really?\" He asked, smiling when Johnny chuckled. \"Yes. Don't get me wrong, Chris had nothing but wonderful things to say about you when he brought you in, and I saw some of your previous work, but this is beyond that. I'm really proud of you, Justin. You keep this up and you may be giving me a run for my money,\" The elder male teased, genuinely laughing while Justin faked his chuckle. He wanted to show Johnny he was capable of being editor in chief, but wanted to be respectful and grateful for the job he had. \"Thank you Mr. Wright,\" Justin smiled. \"Hey, it's Johnny,\" The older of the two happily corrected. \"Now, I gotta ask, and pardon me if this is too personal, but I've been hearing gossip around the office that you got JC Chasez to be in the issue because you're dating him.\" \"I - uhm,\" The 23 year old started, sucking in a breath. Sure, he wanted to scream at the top of his lungs that he was dating the one and only JC Chasez, but he knew what would happen if he did in the office. He wouldn't be known as 'Justin Timberlake: editor on the rise,' he would be known sole as 'JC Chasez's boyfriend,' and as much as he loved the title outside of work, he took pride in his projects and wanted some recognition for it. \"You don't have to answer if you don't want to. It really is none of my business… I just think that you have so much potential, but everyone could use a little boost. And let me tell you, dating the richest man in New York, that's a boost. Think about it, kid,\" Johnny said, reaching out and offering his hand, to which Justin shook. \"I will,\" He responded softly, trying his best to force a smile when the editor in chief walked out. \"Dude, don't do it. I can see it now: 'GQ Magazine: Christmas Edition! Edited by: Johnny Wright, oh, and JC Chasez's boyfriend!'\" Chris exclaimed after Justin had finished telling him about his conversation with Johnny. He shoved the slice of pizza into his mouth, rolling his eyes when he saw Justin staring at his whole wheat sandwich. \"I know, I know. But maybe Johnny's right. Maybe I need a little something to push me over the edge,\" Justin shrugged, his eyes lowered. \"Why? Let your work speak for you, J. They loved your issue. Not because you were dating JC, but because you worked your ass off and made an awesome magazine. They noticed,\" The 32 year old tried to assure his best friend. \"Yeah, but that was before everyone in the office found out that I was dating Josh. Now that they know, they're going to expect him to be in every issue… I can't do that to him…\" \"Then deny it. Say you're just friends,\" Chris responded, as if it was the most simple answer. \"What if he finds out? What if people here look into it and then I get in shit for lying? Fuck, why does this have to be so hard?!\" The Memphis native exclaimed. \"It doesn't have to be,\" Chris simply stated, and finally, Justin's eyes lifted. \"What do you mean?\" \"I mean you're working yourself up over this whole thing for nothing. Just continue working like you always have. Talk to JC and let him know what's happening so he can lay off on the PDA here and tell Johnny that working with JC Chasez was a one time thing.\" \"You really think that'll work?\" The younger questioned. \"I wouldn't tell you to do it if I didn't think it would work,\" Chris winked, taking the last bite of his pizza. \"That'll never work,\" Britney shook her head as the two stood in the office kitchen. Justin was quickly becoming friends with the blonde, and was grateful he could now get more than one opinion on a dilemma. \"Wait, what? Chris said it would!\" He defended, placing his coffee mug on the counter and giving Britney his full attention. \"Yeah, well Chris is an idiot. People are going to find out you're dating him. He's got the media following his company's every move. You don't think one time they're going to catch you two making out when you think you're in private and blast it on the front page of CNN?\" She said, not trying to come off rude, but trying to get her friend to see a different perspective. \"Then what do I do?\" He asked, his voice low. \"I say tell Johnny the truth. Tell him you're dating JC but that you refuse to let your personal life affect your business life. You are your own person, Justin.\" \"Yeah, I know, but…,\" He trailed off. \"But?\" She encouraged, and Justin sighed. \"But I hope to be editor in chief one day, and I don't think disagreeing with Johnny Wright in any way, shape or form is going to help me get there. \"You never know, maybe he'll appreciate you standing up for yourself,\" The female shrugged. \"Just talk to JC,\" She finished, and Justin nodded with a sigh. \"Thanks, Brit,\" He smiled, before placing a hand on her shoulder and going to the kitchen, deciding he needed another coffee. \"Justin!\" Chris exclaimed, not even knocking before he threw his best friend's office door open and ran in. \"Whoa, who's on fire?\" Justin questioned, seeing his elder friend hunch over, trying his best to catch his breath. \"Chasez Banks,\" He breathed out slowly, hearing Justin's audible gasp. \"Wait, what?! The New York headquarters are on fire?! Oh my God, is Josh okay?!\" The 23 year old started to question a mile a minute, already typing and googling on his computer. \"No! No, god no,\" Chris took a deep breath, finally able to speak without wheezing. \"I just meant they're on a roll. A good type of on fire,\" He explained, smiling guiltily when Justin's widened blue eyes connected with his. \"You fucker,\" He whispered, still trying to calm his racing heartbeat. \"Oh hush,\" Chris responded, before walking over to Justin's computer and taking over the mouse. \"You're going to like this,\" He smiled, watching Justin's jaw drop in shock when he clicked on what he was looking for. \"They… they fired Lance's parents?\" He questioned, his voice in a confused whisper, not believing what he was reading. \"They sure did,\" Chris smiled brighter, placing a hand on his friend's shoulder. He expected Justin to be extremely excited, to exclaim that all of his worries were gone and he could finally enjoy a quiet, peaceful life with Joshua. However, it wasn't the case. \"Fuck,\" He muttered with a loud sigh, lowering his head into his hands. \"Fuck? What the hell do you mean? This is great news!\" Chris responded, confused at his best friend's reaction. \"No! This is terrible! Lance is going to think that they fired his parents because of me!\" \"J, come on. That's not how a business runs. I highly doubt the Chasezs would let Josh's relationship with you affect their employees,\" The elder male spoke, although the doubt started to creep into his own mind. \"It doesn't matter! That's what Lance is going to think. God,\" He sighed once again, running his hands through his hair. \"Hey, just talk to JC,\" Chris spoke, placing a hand on his friend's shoulder. \"Like I haven't heard that today,\" He mumbled into his hands, grateful that Chris didn't hear. \"God, baby. You're tense as hell,\" Josh commented later that evening, rubbing his boyfriend's shoulders as they sat on the couch. \"Long day,\" He breathed slowly, closing his eyes. \"Everything okay?\" JC asked seriously, slightly turning Justin towards him so that they were face to face. Justin inhaled, wanting to pretend like everything was okay, but he knew better. \"No,\" He admitted softly, and instantly, Josh frowned. \"What's wrong?\" The slightly elder male questioned, taking his boyfriend's hand in his own and pressing a kiss to it. Justin took a deep breath, his eyes slowly raising to meet Josh's. \"Did you fire Lance's parents because of me?\" The Memphis native whispered, not even wanting to make eye contact with his boyfriend. \"Is that what you're worried about?\" Josh asked, slightly chuckling. \"Sweetheart, firing Lance's parents had nothing to do with you. We found out they were tampering company time,\" The 28 year old explained, when Justin finally raised his eyes. \"Really?\" \"Really. That's not to say I didn't enjoy it, because I did,\" He teased, causing Justin to chuckle. \"I'm not going to lie, I enjoyed hearing about it,\" Justin smiled, leaning forward and pressing his lips towards Joshua's. \"I love you,\" JC spoke. \"I love you too,\" Justin replied, before sighing. \"I don't like the sound of that,\" Josh said. \"It's just work… the editor in chief asked me to consider going public with our relationship to bring in readers, and it's stupid, because it's not like I don't love you or I don't want everyone to know we're together but -\" \"You don't want people to know you only as JC Chasez's boyfriend. And you shouldn't. You're an amazing editor, Justin. I would hate to see you be recognized at work for any less than your talent,\" Josh cut him off, knowing it was hard for Justin to say. \"So you don't think I'm hiding our relationship?\" He asked, more to voice his own concerns. \"Of course not. I know you love me, you don't have to wear it on your forehead,\" He chuckled, kissing his lover's forehead for emphasis \"Thanks, Josh,\" Justin honestly said, leaning his head on the elder's shoulder. \"And hey, if you ever do want me to wear that I love you on my forehead, just go buy me a permanent marker.\"[Chapter 13] It was now several weeks later, the GQ office was running smoothly, the next issue was submitted for approval, and Justin sat at his desk, enjoying the somewhat quiet office. He pulled up the sleeve of his maroon dress shirt and smiled softly, seeing 125 years on his arm. Josh had attempted to give Justin the years several times, but each time, the younger refused. It wasn't until one morning when Justin woke up that he realized that Josh had given him the time in his sleep. When the 23 year old asked him about it, he just smiled and kissed him gently, stating that he gave the time to Justin simply because he loved him. He knew Justin could earn his time, but he just 'felt like' giving him the time. Justin chuckled softly before thanking his boyfriend, kissing him once more. Smiling, he turned to the pictures he had recently placed on his desk of him and Joshua, running his fingers over the smooth glass. Justin decided that he wasn't going to hide his relationship from his coworkers, but he made it clear that having his boyfriend be a part of GQ issues was not going to be a regular occurrence, nor did he want it to be made public to the readers. The office, especially Johnny, respected his decision and praised him for his work ethic. He smiled at the memory, and was quickly brought out of his thoughts when his door was thrown open, and Britney rushed in. \"Justin!\" She exclaimed, the bright smile on her face. Justin looked up from his pictures, an amused look on his face. \"Woah, take a breather,\" He teased with a slight chuckle. \"Sorry!\" The blonde breathed, taking a few deep breaths before sitting in the chair in front of Justin's desk. \"I just got a call for this huge gig! The Old Town Bar wants me to do some promo shots for their website!\" She happily exclaimed, and Justin's face lit up. The Old Town Bar was not only one of the nicest bars in New York, but it was also where he met Josh. \"That's awesome, Brit! Congrats!\" \"Thanks! I do have to go there kind of late though, they want pictures at their peak time, which makes sense. Did you wanna come? We can get drinks afterwards and just hang out,\" She offered, and Justin smiled. Besides Chris, who was currently on a trip recruiting new employees, Britney had become his closest friend in the office. \"I'd love to. Maybe we can find you a man,\" He winked, and Britney giggled. \"Yeah right. Not everyone meets their soulmate there,\" She teased, in reference to Josh and Justin's relationship. \"Hey, you never know,\" Justin shrugged. \"You going tonight?\" \"Yeah, they want me there around 11,\" Britney replied. \"Cool. I'll probably get ready and Josh's and see if he wants to come. I can pick you up at your place around 10:30?\" He suggested, and Britney smiled. \"That'd be great. Thanks, Jus.\" \"Aw, baby, you know I'd love to. But I have this late meeting to go to with some of our stock holders tonight,\" Josh spoke when Justin came over after work. The elder sat on his bed, watching Justin sort through the array of ties he brought over. He'd decided he was going to keep his maroon dress shirt on for the night, but wanted to switch up the tie. JC chuckled at how adorable his boyfriend was, before leaning back onto his pillows and watching the younger line his ties up by colour and length, analyzing them. \"Hey, it's okay. I'd just thought I'd ask. I'm really just going to keep Brit company,\" Justin replied, turning to JC briefly, offering him a bright smile, to which JC quickly returned. \"Rain check?\" \"Of course,\" The 23 year old absentmindedly replied, focusing on his navy blue and bright blue tie. Josh chuckled as he shook his head, standing up and heading towards his closet before returning to his boyfriend's side. \"Here,\" He said, holding a glossy black tie in his hands. Justin's eyes shifted to the piece of fabric, noting the designer name on the collar. \"Josh -\" He started, but was soon interrupted. \"Sh, you really think I'm going to sit here and let you rack your brains over a tie?\" The 28 year old stifled a laugh, before reaching up and doing the tie up under Justin's maroon collar. \"Besides, black goes much better with maroon,\" He pointed out, placing a kiss on his lover's forehead. \"Aren't I supposed to be the one that works at a fashion magazine?\" Justin teased, wrapping his arms around JC's torso and leaning his head on his chest. \"Hey, even the best of us could use some help once in a while,\" He joked back, pressing a kiss into Justin's growing curls. \"Very funny,\" Justin said, before pulling away and looking at his watch. \"I should start heading to Britney's.\" \"You want me to ask Kevin to drive you guys?\" JC asked, the concern slightly peaking through, to which Justin just smiled. \"No, it's okay. I'm not planning on drinking tonight. Like I said, I just didn't want Brit to go by herself,\" He explained, and Josh nodded. \"Okay. If you need me to send him to pick you guys up you just call me and let me know, alright? I'll make sure to keep my phone on all night.\" \"Thanks,\" Justin smiled, feeling his heart flutter as he looked into Josh's eyes. \"Of course. I love you.\" \"I love you too,\" The Memphis native smiled, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to JC's lips before smiling and turning away. Justin watched with amusement as Britney attempted to pull down her skirt and throw her equipment bag over her shoulder as they stood in line to get into the club. \"Here,\" He finally offered with a laugh, taking the bag from her and tossing it over his own shoulder. \"Thanks,\" She giggled, finally pulled her black leather skirt down. \"You know, I never truly thought about the implications of taking pictures at a club.\" \"You mean you never thought about how hard it would be to dress slutty yet still do your job?\" He teased, and received a playful smack in the chest. \"Justin!\" She exclaimed through laughter, knowing her friend was only messing with her. \"Hey! It's not a bad thing! You're single and you look hot!\" He defended as the blonde continued to laugh, rolling her eyes. \"Well, not everyone is dating JC Chasez,\" She responded. \"And thank god for that!\" Justin winked, before the reached the bouncer. \"Britney Spears, I was told to come to take some promo shots for your guys' website,\" Britney politely spoke. The bouncer looked down at his clipboard and nodded, opening the rope for her to enter. She then turned to Justin. \"He's with me.\" \"Name, sir?\" The deep voice asked. \"Justin Timberlake,\" He responded. \"Come on in,\" The larger man spoke, neither Britney or Justin noticing the smirk that appeared on his face. \"Can I get a coke, please?\" Justin asked as he sat at the bar, turning to Britney, whose eyebrows furrowed when the drink was placed in front of him. Neither of them noticed the black haired, tall, muscular male who reached over, watching the white tablet fizzle into Justin's drink with a smirk. \"A coke?\" Britney asked with a giggle. \"Yes, a coke. I did drive here,\" He responded, swivelling in his stool to grab the drink in front of him, taking a sip. \"You're no fun,\" She pouted, and Justin chuckled. \"Don't you have a job to do?\" The Memphis native teased, a strange feeling running through his body when he went to raise his arm to take Britney's bag off his shoulder. \"You okay?\" She quickly questioned, helping him with the bag before taking it into her own arms. \"Yeah. I'm fine,\" He played it off, taking another sip of his cold beverage. \"Just go do a kick ass job and I'll look for future Mr. Spears,\" Justin smiled. \"Fuck off,\" Britney teased, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to Justin's cheek. \"Meet you here?\" \"Meet you here,\" He replied, waiting for Britney to turn around and walk away before blinking a few times, attempting to prevent the dizziness he felt coming on. \"What the fuck?\" It was roughly two hours later when Britney finished taking her pictures and headed through the crowded dance floor to meet up with Justin. When she finally made her way to the bar, she was confused, as she noted her friend sitting in the same spot, but his elbows were on the table, his head in his hands. \"Justin?\" She questioned, not prepared for him to almost fall into her arms when he spun around in his stool. \"Brit,\" He slurred, gripping onto the female for balance. When he finally felt like he could sit up, his eyes raised, and Britney gasped at how glassy they were. \"Jesus Christ, J. You okay? \"Don't feel good,\" Justin breathed, the sweat beading on his pale face. Britney started to panic, wondering what had happened to her friend since she had been gone. \"Okay, sweetie. Okay, it's okay,\" The blonde tried to comfort when Justin almost fell over once again. She rubbed his back gently. \"You're shaking.\" \"'M cold,\" He whispered into her hair. \"Let's get you home and all warm in bed. Do you think you can stand up?\" She questioned, looking at anyone near by, hoping someone knew what happened. Her first thought was that he was drunk, but she'd been around a drunk Justin before, and this wasn't him. Slowly, she wrapped her arms around Justin's torso, bringing him to his feet and doing her best to support his weight when he leaned against her. \"Josh,\" Justin wheezed, sounding like the wind had been knocked out of him. \"Shh, I know Justy. I know. I'm going to get you to Josh,\" Britney cooed, placing Justin's arm around her thin shoulder, one of her arms around his waist, the other firmly on his stomach. Slowly, the two made their way outside of the club when Britney stopped. \"Justin, I'm going to go get the car and bring it up front for you. Do you think you'll be okay to wait here for a few minutes?\" She questioned, helping him sit against the wall of the entrance. \"Yeah,\" He replied, the dizziness making him feel sick to his stomach. \"Okay. I'll be fast, I promise,\" She said, leaning down and pressing a kiss to Justin's head before sprinting towards where Justin had parked. Justin sat heavily against the wall, attempting to focus on his breathing rather than his urge to throw up. He kept his head in his hands, until he heard a voice in front of him. \"Hey, man. You okay?\" A deep voice asked, and when Justin slowly raised his glassy, blurry eyes, he made out three figures in front of him, all wearing black hoodies. \"Fine,\" He responded, just thinking the three were by passers. However, they continued. \"Stand up,\" One commanded. \"No,\" Justin simply replied, knowing he couldn't stand on his own even if he wanted to. \"Fine. You know, this is going to be a whole lot easier than I thought,\" One said, grabbing Justin's elbow and yanking him to his feet. The 23 year old stumbled in an attempt to catch his balance. \"You know Lance Bass?\" Another questioned, and Justin's eyes shifted. \"Yes,\" He gulped, and somewhere in his disoriented state, he knew that the entire night had something to do with Lance. \"This is for getting his parents fired,\" The voice said, and Justin didn't even know where it came from before a fist was flying at his face, knocking him off his feet. He lay on the floor, his hands covering his face. He was too uncoordinated to attempt to fight back when the figures repeatedly stomped on his ribs before their hands fisted into his curls, throwing his head into the wall. It only took one blow for Justin to be unconscious, the hooded men releasing him and watching him slump to the cold concrete, the blood already pooling around his golden curls. \"Man, he went out quick,\" One commented. \"What did you expect? There's a reason Lance paid us to drug him,\" The other replied, lifting Justin's forearm and pulling up his sleeve before turning his hand, taking Justin's time. \"Careful. Lance said to leave him with an hour,\" The third said, the other nodded before he made sure Justin had exactly an hour left, before dropping his arm to the sidewalk. \"Let's get out of here before blondie comes back,\" The first spoke, the other two nodded as they sprinted away just before Britney pulled Justin's car to the entrance of the club. She hopped out of the driver's seat and gasped as loud as she could, noticing the 23 year old laying motionless on the concrete, a pool of blood around his red tainted curls. She audible sobbed as she dove to her knees beside her friend, lifting his head into her lap. \"Justin,\" She cried, her thumb caressing the man's cheek. \"Jus, come on, please be okay..,\" She continued to sob, trying to piece together what happened. But when she raised her friend's forearm and noticed he had an hour left, she screamed, somewhat realizing that Justin was attacked. \"It's okay, Justin. You're going to be okay,\" The blonde spoke, wrapping one arm around Justin's shoulder, the other reaching into her pocket to call 911. \"Well, thank you,\" Josh spoke as he sat across from several stock holders. The night had been good. The holders all expressed their satisfaction with the position of Chasez Banks, and they all explained that they planned to keep their stocks. JC smiled as he sipped his beer, checking his phone. He found it somewhat odd that Justin hadn't texted him at all, but figured he and Britney were having too much fun and forced himself not to get worried. As if on cue, his phone started to ring, and he frowned, not recognizing the number on the screen. \"Excuse me,\" Josh announced, before stepping away from the table and bringing the phone to his ear. \"Hello?\" \"JC! JC, it's Britney,\" The female spoke, her voice cracking through her tears. \"Britney? What's going on?\" JC questioned, and in that moment, for some reason, he felt uneasy. \"J - Justin. Justin was attacked tonight outside the c - club,\" She sobbed, and Josh felt his heart drop to his stomach. \"What? I -Is he okay?\" The 28 year old whispered, already walking over to where he hung up his coat. \"I don't know… I called 911 and they froze his time… he had an hour left when I found him. H - his head was bleeding a - and he was unconscious,\" She sniffled. \"Oh my God,\" He breathed, tears coming to his eyes as he thought about his sweet, innocent boyfriend getting hurt. \"They brought him to NY hospital,\" Britney said, knowing how worried JC must have been getting. \"I'm on my way.\"[Chapter 14] Josh barely waited for the car he was in to come to a complete stop, before mumbling his thanks to the driver and slamming the door shut. He noticed the bright red letters spelling out 'Emergency Room' and instantly sprinted through the doors, searching for any sign of Justin or Britney. He finally spotted the blonde, sitting in one of the blue plastic chairs in the waiting room, her head in her hands, her shoulders shaking. Carefully, Josh approached her, placing a gentle hand on her shoulder. She slowly lifted her red-trimmed eyes and let out a sob when she saw JC. \"JC,\" She breathed, standing up and throwing herself into the older's arms. \"I'm so sorry,\" She cried, holding onto him as if he were her lifeline. \"Hey, it's not your fault,\" Josh replied, bringing one hand up to his face, wiping his own tears. Britney sniffled, pulling away and sitting back down, to which JC followed suite. \"I shouldn't have left him to go get the car… but… he couldn't walk. Fuck, he couldn't even stand,\" The blonde explained. \"What do you mean?\" JC whispered. \"I…I think he was drugged… I left him for about an hour and a half and when I got back to him he couldn't even focus on me or stand up… I helped him walk to the front of the club and had him sit against the wall while I went to get the car… and -\" She stopped, closing her eyes. \"When I got back…\" \"Sh, I know,\" He stopped her, not wanting her to repeat how he found his boyfriend. \"Have you… have you heard anything?\" \"No,\" She sighed, looking down. \"I should probably call Chris…\" \"I should call Joey too,\" He sighed, but couldn't even bring himself to grab his phone out of his coat pocket. He felt paralyzed. Numb that Justin was somewhere in that hospital, hurt, and JC couldn't get to him. Couldn't hold his hand and kiss him, letting him know how sorry he was for not going with he and Britney. Sorry that this happened. Finally, he gained enough strength, grabbing his phone and dealing his best friend's number. \"Hello?\" The Italian answered, and that was all it took for the tears that Josh was holding in to fall from his eyes. \"Joey…,\" JC choked through a sob. \"Jayce? Hey, man. What's going on?\" He asked, the concern flooding his voice. \"Justin… J - Justin was attacked tonight. I'm at NY hospital,\" The 28 year old cried, rubbing a hand down his face. \"Oh my God, is he okay?\" Joey instantly asked, already slipping on his running shoes. \"I don't know… they - they haven't said anything. God, my baby… I should've been there for him,\" Josh whispered. \"Hey, it's not your fault. You had no way of knowing something like this was going to happen,\" He assured. \"I'm on my way, okay?\" \"Okay.\" It was roughly two hours later, and Josh hadn't moved from his spot in the waiting room. He shifted his grainy eyes to see Britney sitting across from him, her head resting on Chris' shoulder while the elder rubbed her arm gently, whispering that Justin would be okay. That it wasn't her fault. Josh smiled sadly at the two, grateful that Justin's friends cared so deeply for him and for each other. He silently rubbed his face when Joey placed a gentle hand on his knee. \"He's going to be okay,\" He softly spoke. \"He didn't deserve this, Joey…\" \"You're right. He didn't. But it happened. And when you see him, he's going to be scared and confused and you need to be there for him. You can't let him see how broken you are over this… because I guarantee you he's going to be broken enough for the two of you,\" JC's best friend explained. \"He's right…,\" Chris spoke up, raising his eyes to JC's. \"He knows you're going to blame yourself, and he's going to feel terrible for it,\" The eldest said, knowing Justin all too well. Josh nodded sadly, lowering his head, just to whip it back up when a tall, brunette doctor appeared in front of them. \"You guys here for Justin Timberlake?\" He asked, and JC instantly sprung to his feet. \"Yes! Yes, I'm his boyfriend. How is he?\" The 28 year old questioned, feeling his heart beat against his chest. \"He took some pretty rough blows to the head and has a concussion. He's still unconscious right now, but when he wakes up, we'll need to keep him up for a while. He has a small breathing tube for the time being, but don't let it intimidate you. It's just there for some extra support until we're fully confident all his energy is off of the concussion. We still have his time frozen, but we've called the time bank and they should be here soon with some time,\" The young doctor explained, watching as JC slowly nodded, trying to process what he was hearing. \"Can we… can we see him?\" He timidly asked. \"\"Sure. I'll take you to his room,\" The physician spoke, turning around and starting to lead the way. Josh followed, but soon noticed no one else was and turned around. \"Aren't you guys coming?\" He questioned. \"We'll be there in a bit, C. You deserve some alone time with him,\" Chris responded, seeing Josh's sad smile. \"Okay, then let's go,\" The doctor spoke, smiling slightly at Josh before stopping in front of room 117. \"This is Justin's room. I suggest talking to him as much as possible, it might help him drift into consciousness when he knows people he love are around,\" He suggested, and JC nodded. \"Okay. Thanks Doc,\" JC smiled small, before taking a deep breath and wrapping his fingers around the handle. Slowly, he pushed open the door, letting out a choked sob when his eyes laid on his boyfriend and he approached his bedside. Justin was laying motionless, his usually tanned skin pale, a bandage wrapped around his head, a tube in his mouth, and the arm with his life clock bruised, signifying it was frozen. Josh shut his eyes as tightly as he possible could, the slow tears running down his cheek. He pulled the chair up to Justin's bedside, sitting down and grabbing his lover's limp, cold hand on his own. \"I'm so, so sorry, baby,\" Josh whispered, his thumb caressing the clammy skin. \"I should've never let this happen to you… god, Justin… I love you so much… please be okay…,\" He cried, lowering his head to place a small kiss on Justin's shoulder. When he pulled his head up, he brought Justin's hand to his cheek, cooing that although he knew he was hurting, he looked beautiful, and he would do anything to see those blue eyes he loved so much. Josh got so wrapped up in talking to an unconscious lover and staring at his chest slowly rise and fall, he didn't notice Joey, Britney and Chris lightly knock on the door an hour later. When he did, he sniffled, turning to the three. \"Hey, come in,\" He softly spoke, watching them timidly walk into the room, the frowns on their faces when the noticed Justin. \"That tube is really freaking me out…,\" Chris commented. And sure, Justin didn't look healthy by any means in that moment, but the breathing tube made his stomach turn. When paired with Justin's pale skin, it made him look almost deathly ill, sending chills down Chris' spine. Justin looked utterly helpless. He turned to Britney, who hadn't said a word since entering the room, wrapping an arm around her shoulder. \"He's going to be okay,\" She announced, her voice less shaky than it was before. \"Yes he is. He's a fighter,\" Joey agreed. \"\"He's my fighter,\" Josh softly added, kissing Justin's knuckles gently, before whispering, \"I love you.\" JC woke up the next morning and rolled his stiff neck, no doubt from the night of spending all night in the plastic chair next to Justin's bed. Joey, Chris and Britney left around midnight, leaving JC alone with Justin. The 28 year old stared at his lover's face for almost an hour, searching for any sign that the younger was waking up. \"It's okay, baby. It's just you and me now. No one can hurt you,\" He whispered, his thumb caressing Justin's pale cheek. However, he received no response. Finally, after kissing his cheek and knuckles gently, Josh leaned back in the chair, falling into a restless sleep. He awoke to Justin's nurse checking his vitals, and rubbed his eyes. \"Good morning, Mr. Chasez,\" She softly spoke, checking on the IV that had been placed into Justin's arm. JC's eyebrows furrowed. He didn't remember the needle being there before. \"Morning…,\" He said, stretching. \"What's that?\" \"The night nurse reported that Mr. Timberlake was getting dehydrated when she last checked on him so we're going to put him on an IV. It's just for fluids,\" The aubrey haired female explained, smiling as she noted the admiration on Josh's face. \"Shouldn't he have woken up by now?\" He questioned, frowning when he looked Justin over, noting he was in the same position as when he fell asleep. \"Concussions are different for everyone. Some people wake up from them faster than others. I'm also going to guess that the drugs in his system are still filtering out,\" She responded, and shit. Josh forgot about that. \"So… he was drugged?\" The raven haired male sighed, catching on that the attack on his boyfriend was too planned for his liking. \"We found rohypnol in his system when he was brought in. We pumped it out, but it still takes time to leave the bloodstream.\" \"Rohypnol?\" Josh asked. \"That's the pharmaceutical name of the date rape drug. We think someone slipped it into his drink so that he was unable to fight back against his attackers,\" She explained, and Josh sighed heavily. \"I have to change the gauze around his head… did you want to help me out?\" She asked, getting the sense that the young man would be more than willing to help. She was proved right when JC rose to his feet. \"Of course. What can I do?\" \"Can you please hold his head up so I can make sure the wrap is on tightly?\" The nurse questioned, and JC looked at her, his blue eyes shining with concern. \"Are you sure it's okay to be touching his head? I mean, with the concussion and the cut and everything?\" He asked shyly. Josh had been avoiding touching anywhere near Justin's forehead because he wasn't sure if it would cause any more harm. The nurse smiled sweetly, seeing the love shining in her eyes. \"It's okay to touch him there, honey. As long as you're really gentle,\" She responded. JC nodded, sitting on the bed and pulling Justin into his arms, holding the back of his neck so the nurse could properly secure the bandage. \"I love you, Justin,\" Josh whispered, his eyes focusing on the closed ones of Justin's. It was the closest he'd been to his lover since he was brought into the emergency room, and he thought maybe, just maybe, them being face to face would help Justin come back to him. \"I bet you're loving everyone waiting on you hand and foot, huh babe?\" He teased. The nurse smiled at the comment, securing the wrap around Justin's head. \"There we go,\" She announced, and slowly, Josh guided Justin's head back onto the pillow, kissing his forehead. \"Can I get you anything, JC? Water? Some food?\" She offered, and Josh smiled politely. \"No thanks,\" He declined, too worried about Justin to eat. \"You know, you need to keep your energy up so you can take care of Justin,\" The redhead pointed out, and JC sighed, knowing she was right. \"I'll take a coffee.\" \"Hey, C,\" Chris spoke walking into Justin's room with Joey about an hour later. \"Hey guys,\" Josh replied, turning to his friends. \"How's sleeping beauty doing this morning?\" Joey questioned, frowning when Justin didn't appear to look any better than the previous day. \"Still hasn't kicked the damn concussion, and they noticed he was low on fluids last night so they put him on an IV\" JC sighed, sipping his coffee before scrunching his eyebrows. \"Where's Brit?\" He asked, noticing the blonde was missing. \"She got called down to the police station. They know they can't start a full investigation until the get Justin's statement, but they wanted to at least get hers,\" Chris sighed. \"The nurse told me he was drugged and they think it was to stop Justin from fighting his attackers back…,\" JC explained, running his hand through his hair, shaking his head. \"You think he was targeted?\" The eldest of the group questioned, his worried eyes turning to JC's. \"This was too planned out to just be a random attack for his time.\" \"You don't think…\" Joey started, and Josh quickly interrupted him. \"\"I don't think… I know Lance had something to do with it. And he's going to pay.\"[Chapter 15] Josh spent the next two days sitting by Justin's bedside, holding his hand and whispering how much he loved him. He would kiss his forehead every night before he went to sleep, praying that soon, Justin would be ready to come back to him. He knew he was probably terrified, but Josh whispered his promises to protect him. The doctors ensured him his lack of consciousness was due to Justin's difficulty kicking the concussion, rather than any other health issues. On Wednesday, JC fell asleep with Justin's hand within his own, and was woken up around 2am when he felt the hand moving, and was fully awake when he heard Justin whimpering. \"Hey. Hey, baby. It's okay,\" JC cooed, placing a kiss to Justin's knuckles. The younger continued to whimper softly, his head slightly shifting. \"That's it, Justin. Come back to me,\" He whispered, unable to contain the sob that escaped when finally, Justin's blue eyes fluttered open, focusing on Josh. \"Hi sweetheart,\" JC cooed, the tears shining in his eyes. He could see Justin searching the brightly lit room, the confusion filling his pale face. \"It's okay. You're in the hospital,\" He answered Justin's unasked question, frowning when he realized the breathing tube was prohibiting him from talking. \"Let's see if they can take that out for you,\" He spoke softly, reaching beside Justin's head to press the call bell for the nurse. Soon, the same redheaded nurse that Josh had come to know walked into the room. \"Mr. Timberlake! So lovely to see you awake,\" She said with a smile, while the younger male just stared at her. \"Let's make sure all your vitals are okay before we take that breathing tube out,\" She announced, walking over to the screen that had been monitoring Justin's vital signs. She noted them on her chart, before smiling at Justin. \"Okay, Justin, we're going to take the breathing tube out now. When I count to three I'm going to ask that you breath out as hard as you can,\" She explained, watching as Justin reached for Josh's hand. JC happily took it within his own, pressing a kiss to it. \"I'm right here,\" He assured softly, smiling when his lover's eyes shifted to him. \"Okay, Justin. 1, 2, and 3,\" The nurse announced, and Justin did what he was told, blowing out as hard as he could. The tube was removed and the 23 year old instantly started coughing. The auburn-haired female offered him a cup of water, raising the bed so that he was somewhat sitting. Justin finished sipping the cool liquid, before turning to look at the nurse, waiting for further instructions. \"Now, Justin. We're going to need you to stay up for a while so we can monitor your concussion,\" The nurse explained, seeing Justin frown. \"Time?\" He managed to croak, his voice low and raspy. \"It's 2:30am,\" She replied, watching as Justin's eyes slightly widened, not expecting to hear that answer. He then turned to Josh. \"Go to sleep,\" The 23 year old breathed, knowing that there was no reason for his boyfriend to be up at that time. JC just chuckled. \"I'm fine, baby. I want to spend some time with you… I missed you,\" Josh replied, rubbing his thumb against Justin's knuckles. \"Missed you,\" Justin responded. He had quickly found it how much it hurt to talk, and decided to reduce his responses. \"I'll be back to check on you before the day nurse come in,\" The red haired female spoke up, excusing herself from the room. When it was just Josh and Justin, Josh didn't even know where to begin. He'd been waiting for Justin to wake up for days, and now that it had actually happened, he wasn't sure what to do. \"How are you feeling?\" He decided to ask. \"Head hurts.\" \"I know, babe. You want me to see if they can get you some painkillers?\" Josh questioned, ready to push the call ball, only to feel Justin's hand on his arm. \"No… want to talk,\" The Memphis native said, and JC nodded. \"Okay. We can talk.\" \"What happened?\" Justin questioned, his tired eyes raising to meet the loving, worried blue ones of his boyfriend, who sighed. \"You were attacked outside of a club…,\" JC started, and when Justin still looked confused, he continued. \"Britney got a call to take some promo pictures for the Old Town Bar and you went with her, because you didn't want her to go by herself…. I couldn't go… I had this stupid meeting with some of our stock holders,\" He explained, smiling small when Justin squeezed his hand gently, knowing it was his way of telling him not to blame himself. \"She left you at the bar and someone slipped something into your drink. When Britney got back, she said you couldn't even stand up… she helped you walk outside and went to go get the car… that's when you were attacked,\" The 28 year old recalled what Britney had told him, the tears welling up in his eyes. \"You were out for four days… god, I was so worried, Justin. So scared… they kept telling me you were having trouble kicking the concussion but fuck… I was so terrified you were never going to come back to me. I thought I lost you…,\" He finished in a whisper, the tears sliding down his cheek. \"You'll never lose me…,\" Justin whispered back, ignoring how much it hurt to say a full sentence. But he didn't care. Josh needed to know that he wasn't going anywhere. \"I love you so much, and I'm so thankful you're going to be okay…\" \"I love you too,\" Justin softly replied, his eyes lowering slightly as the guilt started to overtake him. Several hours had gone by, and by the sun starting to peek through Justin's hospital room along with the night nurse clocking out, he could tell it was early morning. He glanced at Josh briefly, who had finally fallen asleep roughly an hour ago. Justin sighed as he watched his lover, hating the thought of him being so worried about him. He knew Josh would blame himself for the attack, and Justin's heart broke at the thought. It was Justin who should be blamed. He knew he had more time than most people walking the streets, and he should've been more careful with it. Should've watched his back more. He felt tears welling up in his own eyes, slowly raising his left arm, releasing a sob when he noticed his time was frozen at an hour. He felt so tired, so drained and exhausted, but wasn't allowed to sleep. Soon, the day nurse walked in, her clipboard in hand. \"Hi, Mr. Timberlake. I was so thrilled to hear from Nurse Heather that you were awake!\" She exclaimed in a hushed tone, smiling at Josh. \"JC is still here, huh? He hasn't left your side since you were brought in,\" The blonde explained, and soon, the tears fell from his own eyes. He felt so guilty. \"Can you… can you move him so he can get some more sleep?\" Justin asked, his throat hurting a lot less when he spoke. He knew Josh was somewhat of a deep sleeper, but it couldn't have been too comfortable trying to sleep in a room where people were coming on and out of every hour, not to mention the constant beeping of the machines. Justin had almost nodded off himself a few times, but was instantly coaxed back into reality by the beeping. \"Oh, honey. Of course. I'll go see which room has an empty bed,\" She replied with a smile, seeing the worry on the young man's face. \"Thanks,\" Justin mumbled. She nodded, before walking over to his IV site, inserting a syringe. \"It's safe enough for you to get some time now. We got 5 years for you. I know it's nothing compared to what you have before…,\" She trailed off, not knowing what to say. \"Hey, it's better than nothing,\" Justin smiled small at her, watching the green text flicker up to 5 years and 1 hour, before starting to tick down again. The nurse smiled at him, grateful the young patient appeared so positive. She had noticed the tears escaping his eyes when she first walked in, and knew that most patients were disoriented, emotional and confused when first waking up, but she made a mental note to keep an eye on the young man. — Justin sat, staring blankly at the sheets, attempting to calm himself down. He had let the guilt of the entire situation overtake him, and since Josh had been moved to another room for some peace and quiet, he was finally able to express the guilt. He cried softly around 8am, and prayed that Josh would forgive him for being so careless with his time around 8:30. Around 9, Joey, Chris and Britney walked in, an extra coffee in their hands for Josh. \"Hey Jay - holy shit,\" Joey spoke, his jaw dropping when he saw Justin's blue eyes shift towards them. \"Justin! You're awake!\" Britney exclaimed, rushing over to the bed and throwing herself into the 23 year old's arms. \"Hey Brit,\" Justin responded, wrapping the arm that didn't have the IV in it around her. \"You're okay,\" She breathed out, so unbelievably happy that her friend was finally conscious. \"I'm okay,\" He repeated, knowing Britney needed to hear him say it. Soon, Joey and Chris too approached his bed, each bringing him into a gentle embrace. \"Man, you gave us quite the scare,\" Chris announced, and Justin smiled, knowing it was his best friend's way of admitting he was terrified. \"Yeah. How's the head?\" Joey questioned. \"Hurts. I woke up around 2am and they haven't let me go back to sleep because they wanted to monitor the concussion,\" He explained, and Chris could tell that Justin was overtired and frustrated. \"Poor baby can't go back to sleep after being knocked out for four days,\" The eldest teased, earning a small laugh and a genuine smile from Justin. \"Where's JC?\" Joey asked, looking around the room, knowing the 28 year old hand't left his boyfriend's side since he arrived. \"He fell asleep around 3:30 and I had the nurses move him so he could get a better night's sleep without all the annoying beeping,\" He responded. \"You seem to know your time pretty well,\" Britney teased. \"Well hey, it's either stare at the sheets, the wall or the clock,\" Justin shrugged with a chuckle. \"Here. Maybe this'll help you stay awake,\" The Italian spoke, handing Justin the coffee originally intended for JC. \"Thanks, Joey,\" Justin gratefully took it, taking a sip of the hot liquid. The three each found their spot to sit in the room, trying to distract Justin from the fact that he wasn't allowed to fall asleep. Every time they noticed him beginning to nod off, one of them would clap, clear their throat or shake him. \"Sorry, man,\" Joey and Chris would softly say, while Britney just offered a sympathetic smile. Justin would rub his eyes tiredly, before thanking whoever it was that woke him up and attempting to jump back into the conversation. They all talked softly about their worries for Justin and Britney apologized multiple times, only to have Justin tell her none of it was her fault, and he still loved her. It was around 11:30 when Josh finally walked back into the room, looking more refreshed than he had in four days. \"Hey guys,\" He spoke with a soft voice. \"Hey JC,\" Joey, Chris and Britney replied, each with bright smiles. Slowly, Josh made his way over to Justin's bed, leaning over and pressing a kiss to his lips. \"Hi baby,\" He whispered. \"Hi,\" Justin responded, his heart fluttering at the sight of his boyfriend. \"Trying to get rid of me last night?\" Josh teased, sitting on the bed directly in front of Justin. \"You needed a good night's sleep. I don't know how you got any sleep at all with these damn machines in here,\" The Memphis native responded with a light chuckle, as JC leaned forward, kissing Justin's still bandaged forehead. \"Well thank you, sweetheart… You look exhausted,\" The 28 year old whispered, turning serious as he raised a thumb to caress Justin's cheek, and as if on cue, the nurse walked back in. \"Wow, Justin. You have quite the fan club,\" The same blonde nurse announced with a bright smile, before turning to JC. \"And JC, how was your sleep?\" \"It was wonderful. Thank you,\" Josh replied, feeling Justin fiddling with his fingers. \"I'm glad to hear that. I just wanted to come in and let you know that your concussion seems to be doing well, so you can sleep for a while. I'm going to have one of your friends wake you up every couple hours just to make sure you're still doing okay,\" She said, and Justin looked up. \"Oh thank God,\" He spoke, and the entire room laughed. \"I'll be back soon to come check on you, but it seems like you're in some pretty good hands,\" The nurse said with a smile, leaving the room. \"Josh?\" Justin questioned, his tired, blue eyes raising to meet JC's. \"Yeah?\" \"Will you lie down with me?\" The 23 year old asked, just wanting to be near his boyfriend, craving the closeness. \"Of course, baby,\" Josh responded, shifting himself and Justin so that they were both lying down. Justin's head laid on Josh's chest, his arms wrapped around his torso. \"Get some rest,\" The elder of the two spoke, kissing Justin's bandaged forehead. \"I love you,\" Justin spoke, already on the verge of sleep. \"I love you too,\" JC responded, sighing with relief when Justin's breathing evened out, and indication that he was asleep. Slowly, Josh raised his sad, tearful eyes to meet Joey, Britney and Chris. \"I don't know what to do…\"[Chapter 16] \"C… what do you mean?\" Joey questioned, his tone slow. \"I can't do this to him… I can't just put a big target on his back and not expect my enemies to become his enemies,\" Josh explained, the tears slowly sliding down his cheeks as he looked down at his peaceful lover. \"Hey, no one's forcing Justin to stay in the relationship. He's with you because he wants to be,\" The Italian responded. \"He's with me because he doesn't understand how dangerous my life is… and I don't know if I can let him find out,\" He spoke, his voice shaky. \"No,\" Chris spoke up, causing JC's head to whip to him. \"No?\" He repeated, and the eldest stood up, the anger coming to his face. \"No. You're not doing this. You're not going to break Justin's heart because you're scared. God, if you thought he cared one bit about how dangerous your life was, he would've left you when Lance tried to turn your parents against him. I know him. If he had to go through his attack all over again just to be with you, he would. You want to feel guilty that this happened to him? Go right ahead. Hell, I feel guilty that this happened to him. But I'm not going to let you sit here and ruin his life,\" The 32 year old finished, his fists clenched. \"Chris…\" JC started, only to be interrupted. \"What, JC?!\" His tone a lot more aggressive than even he expected. \"Jesus Christ, I never said I was breaking up with him! You think I want him out of my life?! He's the best thing that's ever happened to me and I don't want to let him go! But how shitty of a person would I be if I just let him get hurt because of me!? If I just sat back and watched while he gets the shit kicked out of him for even being associated with me?!\" He exclaimed back. \"Guys,\" Britney tried with a sigh, knowing Justin had just fallen asleep and he needed rest. Not only that, but she couldn't see the point of arguing. JC loved Justin, and Chris knew that. Chris was Justin's best friend, and JC knew that too. \"But you're not just sitting back! You being here is all that he could ask for!\" Chris continued, then deeply sighed and lowered his voice. \"JC… I get your point, I really do. I appreciate you caring about his safety. And I can tell how much you love Justin but I'm telling you. This,\" He gestured to the room. \"He can survive. If you leave him, I guarantee you he won't. You have no idea how much that kid loves you…,\" He said, and JC frowned, looking down once again at his sleeping lover. \"I think I do. And that's what scares me,\" He sighed. He knew he needed to talk to Justin to express how he felt. He loved him too much to keep his feelings bottled up, but for right now, all he was focused on was his lover getting better. The hospital staff decided to keep Justin for a few extra days, after JC reported having some trouble waking him up every few hours. Justin was typically a light sleeper, so when it was time for JC to wake him up just to make sure he was coherent, he would lightly shake him and whisper in his ear. Usually, it would be just enough for Justin's eyes to slowly open, but JC hadn't gotten an immediate response, so he panicked, bolting for the call bell. Either Heather, the auburn haired nurse, or Bailey, the blonde nurse would run into the room and finally, after several minutes and attempts, Justin would awake. His confused eyes would shift around the room, not knowing what had happened until Joshua wrapped him into a tight embrace, whispering \"thank god,\" repeatedly, kissing his curls. Justin would just stare at him and everyone in the room with confusion, and it was then that JC would whisper. \"I couldn't wake you up,\" He explained through tears, his voice shaky. Justin would just sigh, his eyes lowering, his arms wrapping around his trembling boyfriend's shoulders. \"I'm okay. It's okay,\" The 23 year old would breathe, the guilt crawling within him that Josh was so hurt and worried. It always took him a few minutes of holding Justin, but JC would slowly relax, before briefly pulling away from Justin, as if to get a good look at him. \"I wish we knew why this keeps happening… it scares the life out of me,\" JC would say, and all Justin could do was nod. \"I know, Josh.. I know,\" The Memphis native would reply. They'd done endless tests and brain scans on Justin, and determined the concussion was healing as it was supposed to be. There was no permanent brain damage. Finally, when a psychologist visited Justin and spoke to him in private, it was determined that he had difficulty waking up because memories of the attack would flood his mind during his short periods of sleep. They weren't clear, or visual, and Justin described them as 'loud noises and punches,' but they were enough for the 23 year old to feel paralyzed and numb, altering him unable to hear or feel anyone coaxing him to wake up. Justin explained he was utterly helpless because he felt as if he couldn't remember the altercation using only sounds. He felt as if his interview with the police held no meaning whatsoever, because he didn't remember seeing the faces of his attackers, or being at the club with Britney that night. Even more so, he didn't want Joshua to worry any more than he had, so he chose not to tell him when the dreams started occurring. After briefing the doctor on the findings, it was decided that Justin was to be sedated for at least a full day, allowing him to get some proper rest, hoping that any memories would either come to his full consciousness or disappear. JC sat with him and held his hand as he waited for Justin to fall asleep. \"I love you so much,\" He whispered, pressing a kiss to his knuckles. \"I love you too… will you be here when I wake up?\" Justin questioned, his tired, blue eyes looking straight into JC's. \"Oh, baby. There's nowhere else I'd rather be,\" He responded. Finally, Justin fell asleep, and Josh lowered his head to Justin's bed, placing his hand gently at his side. \"Get some rest, sweetheart,\" He whispered, running his hands down his own face. He felt a little better when Joey and Chris came by that evening, able to fully express how horrible Justin must feel, being haunted by something he couldn't even remember. The three continued to talk late until the night, until around 2am, when they heard light whimpering. \"What was that?\" Chris asked, and not long after, it was hard again. \"No…,\" Was heard this time, and Joey, Chris and JC all whipped their heads towards Justin, seeing his head slightly move back and forth. \"No…,\" He kept mumbling. \"Justin. Hey, baby. Wake up,\" Josh spoke silently, lowering a hand to touch Justin's cheek. The contact didn't last long, as Justin flinched in his sleep, turning away. \"No!\" He exclaimed a little louder. In Justin's unconscious mind, the memories of the attack were once again plaguing his mind, except this time, he couldn't escape them. He didn't just hear sounds and voices, he saw everything. \" Okay. I'll be fast, I promise,\" Britney said, leaning down and pressing a kiss to Justin's head before sprinting towards where Justin had parked. Justin sat heavily against the wall, attempting to focus on his breathing rather than his urge to throw up. He kept his head in his hands, until he heard a voice in front of him. \" Hey, man. You okay?\" A deep voice asked, and when Justin slowly raised his glassy, blurry eyes, he made out three figures in front of him, all wearing black hoodies. \" Fine,\" He responded, just thinking the three were by passers. However, they continued. \" Stand up,\" One commanded. \" No,\" Justin simply replied, knowing he couldn't stand on his own even if he wanted to. \" Fine. You know, this is going to be a whole lot easier than I thought,\" One said, grabbing Justin's elbow and yanking him to his feet. The 23 year old stumbled in an attempt to catch his balance. \" You know Lance Bass?\" Another questioned, and Justin's eyes shifted. \" Yes,\" He gulped, and somewhere in his disoriented state, he knew that the entire night had something to do with Lance. \" This is for getting his parents fired,\" The voice said, and Justin didn't even know where it came from before a fist was flying at his face, knocking him off his feet. He lay on the floor, his hands covering his face. He was too uncoordinated to attempt to fight back when the figures repeatedly stomped on his ribs before their hands fisted into his curls, throwing his head into the wall. \"Justin!\" Josh yelled, his voice loud as he cursed the idea to sedate his boyfriend. He knew that the full extent of the memories coming back to him was a possibility of the sedation, but he didn't think about just how much it would hurt his heart to see Justin struggle. Soon, the 23 year old bolted straight up, his breath in short hyperventilations. \"Josh!\" He exclaimed, throwing himself into JC's awaiting arms. The tears started to flow freely, and Josh felt them start to soak his shirt. \"Sh, sweetheart. It's okay,\" He soothed, his hand running through the soft, now long curls. \"I remember everything…,\" He cried, holding onto JC as if he would disappear into thin air. \"I remember…,\" Justin kept repeating, his eyes shutting impossibly tight. JC felt him trembling within his arms and made a vow to himself that Lance Bass was going to pay for what he'd done. As the doctors predicted, after Justin was able to fully remember the attack, his sleep problems severely diminished. They kept him for three extra days for observations, and finally, on the fourth, they decided to discharge him. Justin couldn't contain his excitement about finally leaving the hospital. After remembering what caused him to be there, Justin felt a little better, knowing he wasn't targeted for his time, therefore he wasn't irresponsible with it like he originally had thought. However, it was the first time that he admitted to Joshua that he was scared of Lance. Scared that one day, the blonde would in fact get in between the two, and as Chris had previously told JC, Justin was willing to take as many beatings as Lance could pay for, as long as he could be with Joshua. He made Josh promise never to leave him because of something Lance did, and although he hesitated, he ultimately agreed. \"You ready to go?\" Josh asked, bringing Justin out of his deep thoughts. \"I've never been more ready,\" Justin replied with a smile, causing JC's heart to melt. \"You sure you have everything in here?\" The 28 year old questioned, referencing the duffel bag he held in his left hand. Upon finding out that Justin was going to be discharged, JC immediately asked him to stay with him for a while, citing his need and want to make sure he was okay, and not leave him alone just yet. Justin smiled brightly, accepting the invitation before telling Josh how cute he was when he worried. He then asked Chris to visit his apartment, packing up what Justin called his 'essentials.' \"I have clothes, my laptop and phone, toothbrush, hairbrush, deodorant, cologne, I think that's it,\" Justin listed of, and JC chuckled, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to his temple. \"Sounds like you have the essentials,\" He winked. \"That's exactly what I have, smartass,\" Justin teased with a smile, allowing JC to give him his hand, helping him into the wheelchair. He frowned, looking at the doctor. \"Isn't this a little unnecessary?\" \"I'm sorry, Mr. Timberlake. This is standard discharge practice,\" The doctor replied, before the younger male turned to Josh. \"Can you do wheelies or something?\" He questioned seriously, and JC almost spit out the coffee he was drinking. \"Are you sure you're not still sedated?! I'm not going to do wheelies with a wheelchair you're in! You might as well just get back in that bed.\" \"You're no fun,\" Justin pouted. Joshua chuckled, leaning forward and kissing the pout. \"Trust me, when we get home, I'll show you just how fun I am.\" \"You sure you're okay?\" The 28 year old questioned, sitting against the headboard after making love to Justin. He was a lot more gentle than he normally was, worried that Justin wasn't fully recovered from his attack, despite what the doctors had repeatedly told them. \"I'm fine, Joshua. I'm not made of glass,\" He responded with a sigh. Although he truly appreciated how caring and loving his boyfriend was, he didn't like that he was being treated as if he would break at any minute. He just wanted their relationship to go back to the way it was before anything happened. JC's eyebrows furrowed at the change of tone, looking down to see Justin avoiding eye contact with him. He sighed. He knew they were going to need to have a deep conversation about what happened with Lance, what JC felt, and what they were going to do going forward. \"Baby, I know you're not made of glass… you also did just get discharged from the hospital,\" The elder of the two slowly responded, not expecting Justin to huff, throwing the covers off of him and padding into the bathroom, slamming the door. JC sighed, running down his face, trying to figure out what the hell had just happened. He slowly brought himself off of the bed, grabbing a pair of discarded boxers and slipping them on, walking to the bathroom and lightly knocking on it. \"Justin?\" He called. He tried twisting the handle of the door, hoping that somehow, in Justin's fury, he forgot to lock the door. However, it wouldn't budge. \"Go away,\" The low voice on the other side replied, and Josh could've sworn he heard a sniffle. So, he knocked again. \"Justin, come on. Let me in,\" He tried a little louder. He didn't know why the sudden change of mood in his boyfriend occurred, but every since Justin had woken up, he tried to avoid talking about him being there as much as possible, and it killed Joshua that he didn't know why. None of what happened was his fault. \"Babe?\" The 28 year old tried calling once again. \"I'll sit out here all night, Justin,\" He tried to use a more strict tone with his boyfriend, but it didn't get him anywhere. \"Good,\" Was all that was heard. \"Justin, baby,\" Josh sighed. If Justin wasn't going to come out, he was just going to say everything he felt to the wooden door, hoping his lover could hear it on the other side. \"I don't know why you get all nervous and upset whenever I bring up you being in the hospital, but I hope you know that you can talk to me about absolutely anything. I promise I'll never judge you or tell you how to feel. You fought for your life, Justin. And not only that, but you won. I know you're going to be okay…,\" He said the last part, more for himself than Justin. \"But I want to hear it from you. Please, sweetheart,\" He pleaded, his hand resting against the beautiful wooden door. Soon, it slowly swung open, and Justin took a step forward, wrapping his arms around JC's torso. \"Thank you,\" The Memphis native breathed into JC's chest. Josh sighed with relief, bringing his arms to wrap around the younger's back. \"I love you,\" He said softly into the brunette curls. \"I love you too,\" Justin replied, slowly and shakily pulling away from the embrace, his blue eyes raising to meet Josh's as he took a deep breath and said, \"I'm ready to talk.\"[Chapter 17] Justin sighed as he sat down on Josh's bed, rubbing a hand down his face. He felt his lover sit down next to him, the gentle hand immediately raising to his back. \"This is all still so new to me…,\" He spoke softly, his finger grazing the green, glowing text that was on his arm. \"I'm still so used to having a day to my name,\" The 23 year old added. Josh sighed, deciding to choose his words carefully. \"I know this hasn't been easy for you… I'm sorry I just threw you into this lifestyle,\" He started, only to be silenced when Justin's head whipped up, his eyes immediately connecting with his own. \"You think you threw me into this? I mean, yeah, I'm not used to having this much time on me but it's not your fault. None of what happened is your fault,\" Justin assured, and Josh just sighed. \"It sure feels that way. Lance wouldn't be after you if you weren't with me.\" \"Lance wouldn't be after me if I didn't choose to be with you. I'm with you because I want to be. I'm willing to go through this crazy life with you because I love you. I don't love that you have millions of years to your name, I'm with you because I love you for you. You're incredibly sweet, and caring, and protective. You're the best thing that's ever happened to me and I refuse to walk away because of your jealous, bitter ex-boyfriend,\" The Memphis native poured his heart out, watching as JC slowly smiled. \"You're the best thing that's ever happened to me too,\" He whispered, reaching his hand up to cup Justin's cheek. \"And I love you too. That's why it's so hard for me to know that I'm putting you in danger,\" He explained. \"I get it, Josh. I do. I don't know how I'd feel if I was in your position. But we're here now. We love each other. And I know you. You've probably thought about leaving me so that Lance would stop coming after me, right?\" He questioned, getting his answer when JC didn't reply. \"If you left me, people would still be after me because they'd know I was JC Chasez's ex boyfriend.\" \"I - I never thought of it like that,\" The 28 year old honestly admitted. \"Exactly. And that's part of the reason why I hate talking about the attack. I know you blame yourself, Josh, and I don't want to talk about it because I hate knowing how worried you were and how hard you are on yourself. But whether I was with you or not, it would have happened. Someone would've spotted the time on my arm or recognized me, whether we were together or not… so, let's just be happy. Let's just be in love… you need to stop worrying about everyone else.\" \"That's hard when you're the son of Roy and Karen Chasez,\" JC sighed, slightly chuckling when Justin smirked. \"I think I can help you with that.\" \"He's been waiting on me hand and foot,\" Justin chuckled, lifting his beer to his mouth and taking a sip as he sat with Chris a week later. \"You know you love it,\" The elder teased, taking a swig of his own drink. \"I mean, it isn't the worst thing ever to have a personal chef and butler,\" He joked. \"But damn, I miss work.\" \"How'd your follow up go?\" \"Really good, actually. The concussion is completely healed and I don't really have nightmares anymore unless I really think about it before bed. They said I can go back to work on Monday. Which means three more days of sitting at home,\" He huffed, and Chris smirked. \"Already calling JC's place home, huh?\" He questioned, noticing Justin's blush. \"You know what I mean,\" Justin chuckled. \"Yeah, yeah. Speaking of, where is Mr. Chasez tonight?\" \"Signing off on a blueprint for a new Chasez Banks in Georgia,\" The Memphis native responded, sipping his beer once more. \"I'm surprised he didn't force one of his guards to come with you,\" Chris spoke, only half joking. He knew how protective Joshua was of Justin, and it was somewhat shocking that the elder was okay with Justin going out to another bar with no protection. \"Oh, trust me. He tried. He basically begged me to at least bring one of the Chasez's guards. But, I don't know. It's just not me,\" He shrugged, as if it was no big deal. Chris wanted to say something, wanted to tell him that now, it didn't matter about what was and wasn't 'him.' He had his time to worry about. He had the fact that people now knew him as JC Chasez's boyfriend to worry about. However, he decided that the last thing he wanted to do was make his best friend upset. He wanted Justin to adjust to his life as much as possible, without being reminded of how much was at stake now that he was involved with Josh. \"Well, hey. If it's not you it's not you,\" Chris simply said, not expecting Justin to look up at him, a soft smile on his face, clearly shocked by the answer. \"Thanks, man.\" \"You sure you're ready for this?\" Josh asked, taking Justin's hands within his own as they stood outside of the GQ offices. It was Justin's first day back to work, and JC couldn't contain his worry. He insisted that he drove his younger lover to work, wanting to make sure he truly was ready. \"I'm okay, Josh,\" Justin softly replied. He knew how worried his boyfriend was, knew how concerned he was that he couldn't keep his eye on him, but Justin needed to get back to doing what he loved. \"I'll see you at home.\" \"Say that again,\" JC whispered, the smile wide on his face. \"I'll see you athome,\" He repeated, leaning forward and pressing his lips to Josh's. When they pulled away, he pecked him once more, before running a thumb down Josh's cheek. \"I love you.\" \"I love you too,\" JC said, allowing his hand to slide off of the comfortable position of Justin's waist. He waited until his younger lover was completely out of his vision before sighing gently and sliding into the driver's seat, running his hand down his face before heading to his office. He thought about the long work day ahead of him, not knowing how he was supposed to focus on meetings with designers, architects or financial advisors when all he could think about was Justin. Justin slowly peeked into his office, the space almost feeling foreign to him. The lights were off, and the 23-year-old was somewhat surprised at how neat the room was. Despite several rough copies of magazines he was working on before he was attacked floating around on his desk, the place was spotless. He took a deep breath, taking a step into his workspace. It felt strange having not been there since the attack, and it almost put what happened to him into a sickening perspective. He saw his life before Lance Bass was involved. Had memories of Chris barging into his office to tell him the staff meeting had been cancelled and they could go home. But then he frowned. All those memories were before Joshua, too. And as much as Justin wished it were different, wished he didn't love Josh more than anything he ever had, he did. He was willing to sacrifice all his safety and privacy because he loved Josh. He sat his messenger bag on the floor near his chair, flicking the lights on and getting ready for the day. His eyes fell on the pictures he had displayed, running his thumb over one with his mother. Justin sighed heavily. He knew his Mom would have loved Josh, would've love how much of a gentleman he was, yet how seriously he took business. She would've been thrilled to see Justin so happy. Recently, he'd been missing his mother so much, and he knew why. The attack left his vulnerable and weak, and scared to talk about his feelings. He knew that if his Mom was still around, she'd be the one person Justin would confide in. She'd be the shoulder that Justin cried on when he felt like he wasn't strong enough, or the memories of the attack plagued his day to day routine. However, she was gone, and Justin just had to accept the horrible fact that she would never be able to run her hand through his curls and whisper that she loved him ever again. The 23-year-old sighed once again, pulling the sleeve of his maroon dress shirt up, revealing the abundance of time flickering on his forearm. At times, he felt guilty that he now had all this time when his Mom timed out, but he reminded himself that if she hadn't timed out, Justin would have never moved to New York in the first place. He would have never met Josh. And in Justin's mind, meeting Josh was the best thing to have ever happened to him. He smiled as he thought about his boyfriend. How he'd been so caring, sweet and loving with him, especially since the attack. He'd let Justin, who he'd been dating for almost 3 months, into his home, making sure he was there to wrap his arms around the younger after he had a nightmare, or tell him that everything was okay when paled after hearing deep, low voices coming from the TV. Josh was always there for him, whispering that he loved him until the younger calmed down. And Justin knew he was in love. He'd been so deep in thought, he'd barely noticed a knock on his office door, his breath catching in his throat as he gasped. Slowly, he walked to the door and pulled it open, revealing Johnny Wright standing before him. Justin frowned at his unconscious change in behaviour, as he realized he typically shouted for whoever was at his door to come in. \"Hey Johnny,\" Justin smiled at his boss. \"Hi Justin,\" The elder spoke with a bright smile, sticking his hand out for Justin to shake. \"It's so good to have you back,\" He added. \"It's good to be back,\" The younger replied, shaking his hand. \"How are you feeling?\" Johnny questioned, and Justin smiled, sensing the concern in his voice. \"I'm okay. Beyond ready to get back to work,\" He responded with a slight chuckle. \"Well, okay then. If you could start looking over those rough drafts, that'd be great.\" \"You got it, Johnny,\" Justin responded, and watched as his superior smiled, before turning serious. \"If at any point, you feel like you can't handle it, you let me know, okay? I know what you went through, and I know a week and a half out of the hospital might have not been enough time for you to fully recover,\" He seriously told his junior editor, who nodded slowly, his eyes on the floor. He didn't want to admit it, but as much as he wanted to get back to work, he didn't know if he was emotionally ready. Sure, the nightmares were sparse, but Justin hadn't actually attempted to deal with the attack in a public setting. What if he saw someone who looked like his attackers? What if someone approached him from behind in the break room and scared him, sending him back to that panicked feeling he had at the club? However, he pushed all those thoughts aside. He loved his job, and he told himself he wasn't going to let anything come in the way of that. So, he looked up at his boss, and offered him a sincere smile. \"Thanks. I should have a few looked over by lunch if you wanted to go over some after that?\" He questioned, and Johnny slightly furrowed his eyebrows. He knew Justin was a hard-worker, but he didn't want the young man using every ounce of his energy towards work to avoid thinking about what had happened to him. And judging by the large goal he'd set for himself on his first day back, he somehow figured that Justin wasn't as okay as he was letting on. However, it wasn't his position to say anything, so he just nodded. \"Sure, Justin. I have a conference call at 12:30, but any time after that I'll be available.\" \"Sounds good,\" Justin replied with a smile to which Johnny returned. \"Alright. Well, I'll let you get started then,\" The elder of the two announced, smiling softly at his inferior before walking out of the office. Justin watched him slowly walk out of his door, and with a final look at the piles of rough editions on his desk, decided he needed a cup of coffee. He slowly made his way into the kitchen and poured the hot liquid into a mug, adding just a splash of milk. Before his attack, he was trying to stay away from sugar, claiming that his face was getting chubby. Josh just laughed when Justin told him that, pinching his cheeks, teasing him. Justin smiled at the memory, bringing the cup to his lips. \"Hey stranger!\" Britney exclaimed, coming behind him. Justin let out a panicked scream, the hot contents of his cup spilling onto his pants. Britney's smile immediately faded, and she cursed herself for being so insensitive. \"Oh, god, Justin. I'm so sorry,\" She spoke, shifting her eyes from the coffee on Justin's khakis to his face, wanting to make sure he was emotionally okay. His eyes were closed, and his hands appeared to be shaking. Britney watched guiltily, as Justin seemed to be having a flashback to his attack. After a slow, shaky breath, Justin slowly opened his blue orbs. \"Justin…,\" She started again. \"It's okay,\" He cut her off, smiling small as he placed his now half-empty coffee cup onto the counter, grabbing a napkin to clean the coffee off his pants. \"I'm sorry,\" The blonde repeated in a horrified whisper. Justin just reached for her, pulling her close to him. \"It's alright. I shouldn't be so jumpy,\" He tried to assure her. She slowly pulled away, taking the napkin from his hands and kneeling, helping him conceal the coffee stains as much as possible. \"God, of course you should be. I was just so excited to have you back,\" Britney embarrassedly admitted. Once the liquid was barely visible on Justin's tan pants, she stood up, smiling sheepishly at her friend. \"Can we start this whole thing over?\" She questioned, and Justin chuckled, silently giving her permission. \"Hey, stranger,\" She said again. \"Hey,\" The male said with a laugh. \"I bet you're happy to be back.\" \"You have no idea,\" He responded. \"The amount of draft issues I have to go through is insane. Even looking at the pile of them on my desk made me want to fall asleep. \"I've done shoots for a couple of them. I think the photography department did a great job with colouring and that sort of thing,\" She proudly spoke about her team. \"Well, I let you know,\" Justin winked, turning to the pot of coffee he'd previously made, thankful there was still some left. He poured it into his blue mug, lifting it to his lips and taking a sip. \"That's how I expected the first sip of my morning coffee to go,\" He teased, feeling Britney playfully elbow him as they headed out of the kitchen and down the corridor that lead to the editing department. They made their way past Chris' office, and noticed the elder male leaning against his desk, smirking at Justin. \"Oh my God, is that the one and only Justin Timberlake?\" He teased, walking closer to his best friend and pulling him into an embrace. Justin chuckled, before pulling away. \"In the flesh,\" He replied, before pulling away. \"Now, why didn't you start looking through the rough drafts I have piled on my desk? I'm swamped today, man,\" Justin whined, and Chris just chuckled, placing a hand on his shoulder. \"Slow down, J. It's your first day back. They don't all have to be done today. Some of the issues are for months from now. Just do what you can. You know I'm here if you need help,\" He sincerely spoke, and Justin could detect the silent warning from his best friend, telling him not to push himself too hard. \"Thanks,\" The 23 year old responded. \"It's so good to have you back, Justin,\" Chris honestly said, offering a warm smile to Justin and a wink to Britney, heading towards the break room.[Chapter 18] By the time it was Justin's lunch hour, he sighed, running his hands down his face, his eyes glancing to the now slightly smaller pile of rough editions. He'd been working extremely hard all morning, figuring if he kept himself busy, the eery feeling in his office would go away. Every few minutes, a member from the marketing, financial or another department would come in, welcoming him back and asking him if he needed anything. It was nice at first, but after a while, he started to grow annoyed, the visits only forcing him to remember what had happened to him. He knew his coworkers' intentions were good, but he couldn't stop himself from jumping or gasping every time he heard a knock, or someone shut his door. He began to shove as many papers in his bag as he could, needing to get out of the office for a while. He figured Chris would understand, and when he heard a timid knock and saw his best friend walking into the room, he figured he would find out sooner than he thought. \"Hey, J,\" He smiled, and Justin appreciated his slightly lower tone of voice. \"Hey, CK,\" He responded. \"How's your morning been?\" The elder questioned, his eyes searching Justin's face for any sign of exhaustion or terror. \"It's been okay. I got through half of the editions I was working on. I think I'll get through the other half after lunch if people stop interrupting me every two seconds,\" The 23 year old huffed, taking Chris aback at the slight change of tone of his voice. Justin noticed, and sighed deeply. \"Sorry.\" \"You know everyone was worried about you,\" Chris almost whispered. \"Yeah, I know,\" He sighed, running his hands through his curly hair, slightly shocked at his own outburst. \"And I appreciate that. But after a while, all it does it make me think about what happened when all I'd like to do is forget it,\" He finished, and Chris sadly smiled. What Justin was saying made a ton of sense, and he hated that peoples positive intentions made him feel that way. \"I'm sorry, J. No one thought about it like that,\" He honestly admitted, and saw Justin's face soften. \"I wouldn't expect people to. Hell, I didn't expect it,\" The Memphis native responded, before slinging his messenger bag over his shoulder. \"If it's okay with you, I think I'm gonna go to Josh's office for lunch. I want to be around him for a little.\" \"Do you need me to drive you?\" He offered, and Justin genuinely smiled. \"No, that's okay. I called one of his drivers already… I hope you don't mind,\" Justin sheepishly started, hoping his best friend wouldn't be bothered with the disruption in their typical lunch plans. \"Oh god, not at all! I get it, Justin. I do. JC gives you comfort, and that's what you need right now,\" He smiled. Justin returned the expression, reaching forward and pulling his best friend into a hug. \"Thank you,\" He whispered. Chris just wrapped his arms around his friends torso, placing a hand in his curly hair. \"Of course. Now, go have lunch with your boy. God forbid you spend 55 minutes with him instead of an hour,\" He teased, once Justin pulled away. The younger of the two playfully rolled his eyes, before walking out of the building and into the black SUV that was already waiting for him. The SUV pulled up to Chasez Banks' New York Headquarters, the driver getting out first, opening Justin's door for him and allowing the younger male to slip out. \"Thanks, Kevin,\" Justin smiled at the man he'd come to know. \"My pleasure, Mr. Timberlake. Just call me when you're finished and I'll be here to pick you up,\" Kevin responded, nodding at Justin before getting back in the drivers seat and pulling away. Justin took a deep breath and looked at the tall, exquisite building before him. He'd never been to Josh's office before, and only knew the address and Josh's extension because Josh had ensured he knew it before he left Justin home alone to go to a meeting, two days after the attack. Justin made his way into the building, marvelling at the gorgeous interior. Of course, he shouldn't have expected anything less. The ceilings were high, with gold chandeliers, the floors marble tiled, with large windows. Security guarded the lobby, and Justin slightly nodded at them as he made his way to the elevator, pressing the 23rd button. He impatiently tapped his foot on the floor, and almost rushed out when the large, metal doors opened, letting Justin know he was on the executive floor. Soon, he stepped out, instantly met by a receptionist's desk. \"Hi. Can I help you?\" A young looking, petite, brunette female asked. \"I'd like to see JC Chasez, if he's available,\" Justin politely spoke. The woman looked down at her computer, then back up at the man in front of him. \"He just got out of a meeting. Can I ask your name?\" \"Justin Timberlake,\" The 23 year old responded, and instantly, the female smiled. \"You're Justin?\" She questioned. \"Yes,\" He responded, figuring his boyfriend had told his employees about his relationship. \"I'm Stacey, JC's receptionist,\" She introduced herself, her smile revealing her perfectly whitened teeth. \"Nice to meet you, Stacey,\" The Memphis native smiled. \"Go right on in to see him. His office is the last room on the left. It's got huge glass doors, you can't miss it.\" \"Thanks,\" Justin softly smiled, doing as he was instructed and walking down the long, narrow corridor. Despite all the people in conference rooms and roaming the offices, the floor was quiet, and somehow, that made it seem that much more extravagant. Slowly, Justin reached the last office in the hall, smiling when he saw JC's name plaque outside of his door. He peered inside, seeing his lover bent over piles of papers and chuckled. Maybe the two of them were more alike than Justin thought. He took a deep breath before raising his hand and gently knocking on the glass. \"Come in,\" Josh spoke, not even looking up from his papers. So, Justin opened the large, glass door and stepped into his lover's office, taking a brief glance around the room. JC's office was similar to his in terms of the minimalistic decorations, but the elder's space was about three times that of Justin's. Instead of Justin's cheap swivel chair, Josh sat in a large, black, leather one, his notes and papers scattered across his dark wooden desk. His eyes then drifted to the one photo JC had on his desk and felt his heart flutter. It was one of the two of them that Joey took on one of their nights out. Justin was sitting on JC's knee, his hands around his neck, pressing a kiss to his cheek as Josh smiled brightly at the camera. Justin smiled before JC's voice shook him out of his thoughts. \"Can I help you?\" He questioned, his voice irritated as he still hadn't looked up from his work. \"You defiantly can,\" Justin spoke with a small smirk, watching as his boyfriend's head whipped up, obviously recognizing the voice. \"Justin,\" He breathed out, immediately jumping out of his chair and making his way over to the younger, pulling him into his arms. \"Oh god, baby. I've been thinking about you all day,\" He whispered, holding him close. \"I've been thinking about you too,\" Justin responded, pulling back just enough so he could lean forward and press his lips to JC's in a quick, but loving, kiss. \"Not that I'm not so happy to see you, but why are you here?\" Josh questioned, his hands lowering to Justin's waist as he shrugged. \"I just needed to get out of the office for a while. I don't think there was ever a minute that I didn't have someone coming in asking me how I was doing. It was nice at first, but after a while, it just forced me to think about what happened. I just wanted to come and spend some time with you, even if it's for an hour.\" \"I'm glad you did. I've been so worried about you all morning I almost totally blew my meeting,\" He chuckled. \"But you didn't, right?\" \"Of course I didn't. I'm offended that you would even ask such a thing,\" The 28 year old chuckled. \"I know you probably don't have time to leave the office and grab anything, so I bought two sandwiches from the cafeteria this morning. You don't have to eat yours now, but it's there if you want it. I don't mind just sitting here while you work,\" Justin spoke, not wanting to intrude on JC's day, knowing how important he was to his family's company. \"Thanks, baby,\" Josh smiled, pressing a kiss to Justin's temple. He walked back to his chair and sat down, watching as his boyfriend sat in one of the two black leather chairs in front of his desk. \"There's so many contracts I have to write up for potential buyers,\" He sighed, running a hand down his face. \"I have so many rough drafts of magazines to look over,\" He chuckled, pulling the large stack of papers, along with the turkey sandwiches out of his bag and placing them on the desk. \"They're making you do all that on your first day back?\" He questioned, a hint of concern in his voice as he stared at the large pile of papers. \"No. These are issues for like two months from now. I think I even saw one for the New Year,\" He laughed lightly. \"Johnny wanted to look through a couple of them to get a head start but I don't know - I just wanted to keep myself busy,\" He admitted, his eyes lowering softly. \"You sure you're doing okay?\" JC asked softly, reaching forward and gently taking one of his lover's hands into his own. \"I mean - I thought I was,\" Justin sighed, his eyes still focused on the table. \"But every time someone knocks on my door, I freak out.\" \"Hey, that's normal after what you've been through. It's going to take a while for you to adjust to your life again. But I promise, I'll do absolutely everything I can to protect you, and you can talk to me about absolutely anything. You know that,\" Josh honestly told him, his thumb running over Justin's smooth skin. \"I know. Thank you.\" \"I love you, Justin,\" The elder reminded him, knowing that he needed to hear it. \"I love you too, Josh,\" He smiled, unwrapping his turkey sandwich and taking a bite, finally feeling as if he could eat. It was difficult to leave Joshua after their short lunch, but Justin knew he was going to have to face work sooner or later, and by the dozens of phone calls Josh was getting, he knew he needed to leave in order for his boyfriend to get any work done. \"Don't go,\" Josh pouted, his arms around Justin's slim waist. The younger chuckled, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to his cheek. \"I'd love to stay. But you and I both know that we have work to do,\" He responded, and JC raised a hand to caress his lover's cheek. \"Don't work yourself too hard, okay? I know right now it seems like a smart way to distract yourself, but you're going to crash, baby,\" Josh seriously spoke, and Justin immediately identified the concern in it. \"Oh, I'm going to crash hard tonight. Right onto those grey silky sheets with my boyfriend's arms around me,\" The younger teased. \"Those sheets sound familiar,\" JC spoke, placing a finger on his chin as if he was thinking about it. \"I sure hope they do. I hope I was in the right boyfriend's mansion for the past week,\" The 23 year old added, earning a chuckle from Josh, who then sighed, turning serious. \"I'm serious, Justin. Take it easy.\" \"I know… I promise to go a little easier after lunch. I just needed to see you. Stop worrying so much,\" Justin said, a small smile on his face. \"Stop giving me reasons to worry so much,\" JC teased, leaning forward and pressing his lips to Justin's once more. \"My driver well be outside of GQ around 5. I'm not sure I'll get out of here at that time, but if I don't, you know the code, and you know you can make yourself at home.\" \"Thank you for all of this, Josh,\" Justin honestly said, an arm reaching to wrap around the elder's neck. \"Hey, there's no need to thank me. I love you…,\" Josh replied, leaning forward and pressing his lips to his boyfriend's. \"I love you too,\" Justin replied, his eyes slowly fluttering open to see JC's smirk. \"Besides, if you weren't staying with me I would probably have baby monitors in every corner of your apartment just to make sure you were okay,\"[Chapter 19] It was now months later, mid-November. The New York winter was in full effect, and Justin sat on his couch in his apartment, staring out the window, watching the snow fall from the sky. It was his second winter in New York, and he was still adjusting to the weather. Memphis didn't get nearly as much snow as New York did, and the temperature certainly didn't drop as low as it did. His hands were wrapped around a warm mug of coffee, his body in a plush bath robe. It'd been a little over two weeks since he started living at his own place again, knowing that as much as he loved living with his boyfriend, all of his belongings were in his apartment. He was soon brought out of his thoughts when he heard a knock on his door. Justin's eyebrows furrowed. It was a Sunday. Chris and Britney were most likely catching up on sleep or curing a hangover, and Josh was meeting with his father about their company's strategy. Slowly, he made his way to the door, pulling it open and seeing Josh standing before him, all bundled up in a heavy wool jacket, gloves, a scarf and a toque. Justin made mental notes to get a pair of gloves and a scarf for himself before turning to usher his boyfriend in. \"What are you doing here?\" He questioned, reaching up and helping Josh take his coat off, placing it on the hook near the door. \"Our meeting finished early, and I missed you,\" Josh shrugged, pulling the gloves off his hands before leaning forward and pecking Justin's lips. \"I missed you too,\" The 23 year old chuckled, frowning as he looked at JC's winter gear. \"I'm realizing I'm not as prepared for winter as I thought,\" He chuckled, walking back to the couch and sitting down, content when JC followed. \"Can I get you a coffee or something?\" \"I'm okay,\" The elder replied. \"Memphis doesn't have winters like this, do they?\" \"Not at all. I think I've seen snow a total of three times in my life, and even then, it was gone within an hour. It doesn't get too cold there, either. I'm honestly thinking of buying heating pads just to put in my coat pocket,\" He chuckled. JC laughed, his eyes crinkling with his smile. \"We should go get you some proper winter clothes,\" Josh smiled. \"Wait, people actually leave their houses for fun when it's this cold out?\" Justin questioned, confused when Joshua laughed. \"Oh god, you're serious aren't you?\" Josh asked through his laughs, noticing Justin looking confused. \"Babe, you've got a lot to learn,\" He chuckled, leaning forward and quickly catching his boyfriend's lips with his own. Justin learned sooner rather than later what Josh meant by his statement. He groaned as his 6am alarm clock beeped, reaching over and slapping the snooze button. He'd been up all night with a sore throat and runny nose, alternating between vomiting and feeling like he was going to vomit. He let out a violent cough, along with a moan as he knew there was no way he would be able to go into work. He opened his blurry eyes, reaching for his phone as he blindly dialed Chris' number. \"Hello?\" His best friend picked up. Justin smirked, able to tell that he'd woken Chris up. \"Hey, CK,\" He rasped out. \"Justin? Man, you sound like shit,\" The elder commented, sounding a little more awake. \"I feel like it,\" He replied, clearing his throat. \"I don't think I'm gonna make it into work today.\" \"Really? I though by the sound of it you'd be the first one there,\" Chris teased. \"Funny.\" \"Get some rest, J,\" Chris replied with a chuckle. \"'M trying,\" Justin breathed, letting the phone fall from his ear when he heard his best friend hang up. He closed his eyes, wishing he could build up the energy to get out of bed to take some medicine, but his head was pounding and every time he moved he felt nauseous, so, he brought his wool blanket as close to his chin as possible, praying for sleep to come up and meet him. JC smiled brightly as he walked into GQ's offices, two Starbucks cups in his hands. He'd blown through his morning meetings as fast as he could, wanting to return Justin's lunch surprise months ago. He began to head in the direction of his boyfriend's office, only to be stopped by Chris entering his vision. \"Your boy isn't in today,\" He announced, watching as JC's face dropped with confusion and disappointment. \"Why not?\" \"He called in sick.\" \"He didn't call me,\" Josh said, frowning. It wasn't like Justin needed to run every detail of his life by him, but he wished he'd found out from Justin that he wouldn't be in that day. \"Trust me, the only reason he called me was so that he wouldn't get written up for an unexplained absence. The kid sounded like shit,\" Chris chuckled, and Josh frowned, looking at his watch. \"Well, I better hurry and get to his place if I want to make it back in time for my 1:30 contract signing,\" He announced, smiling slightly at the shorter man. \"Thanks.\" \"Anytime. Tell the little brat I hope he feels better,\" He laughed, watching JC chuckle before turning and walking out of the office and into his car. He drove to Justin's apartment complex, frowning when he picked up the cup of coffee and realized it was no longer hot, but now a room temperature. He got out of his car and made his way through the lobby, smiling at the desk clerk. \"I didn't see Mr. Timberlake this morning,\" The blonde commented, recognizing JC from being around Justin. \"He's sick. I'm heading up there now,\" Josh said, flashing his smile before nodding and heading into the elevator. He patiently waited for the ding to signify he was on the fifth floor, walking through the open doors and walking towards the door that read 514. Josh lifted his hand and gently knocked on the door, not wanting to hurt Justin's most likely aching head. However, he didn't hear any movement from the other side of the door, and decided to try the handle. He placed his hand on it, gently pushing it, smiling slightly when the door opened. The 28 year old was quickly pulled out of his thoughts when he heard the undeniable sound of someone throwing up. He winced, knowing it could only be Justin. \"Baby?\" He called out, only receiving a moan in response. He placed the cups on Justin's counter and made his way to the bathroom, seeing his boyfriend kneeling in front of the toilet, the sweat dripping down his neck. Josh immediately slipped into protective boyfriend mode, grabbing the nearest face cloth and turning on the sink, gently placing the towel underneath. He rinsed it out before getting on his own knees behind Justin, placing it on his neck. \"Josh,\" Justin choked out through heaves. \"It's okay, sweetheart,\" JC cooed, rubbing his back gently, listening as Justin whimpered, tiredly falling backwards and into Josh's awaiting arms. \"You're.. here,\" Justin breathed out, coughing after the sentence as Josh continued to place the damp cloth on his neck in an attempt to soothe him. \"Of course I'm here. I went to your work to surprise you for lunch and Chris told me you called in sick. I even brought you coffee to warm you up,\" JC said with a chuckle, wincing when Justin gagged. \"You want to try and stand up?\" He questioned. \"Okay,\" He answered softly, watching through blurry eyes as Josh stood up, offering both of his hands to Justin. He allowed himself to be pulled up, and groaned when his knees felt weak, leaning into Josh. \"Come on, let's get you into bed,\" JC softly said, wrapping an arm around his waist. \"I love you, but I'm not in the mood for any of that,\" The younger tried to tease, before letting out a violent cough. \"Funny,\" Josh chuckled, before starting to lead Justin to his bed. They reached the queen sized mattress, and JC carefully pulled the sheets down, gently helping Justin get in. He lifted his hand, going to slick back the curls that had matted down to Justin's forehead, but frowned when his fingers made contact with the hot skin. \"You're burning up, baby. Have you taken anything?\" \"I took some Tylenol before I threw up,\" Justin softly replied, whimpering when Josh removed his hand from his forehead. JC smiled small at the gesture, before removing his jacket and walking to the other side of the bed, sliding in. \"What are you doing?\" He questioned with a sniffle. \"I need you to get some sleep. I did listen when you told me you sleep better when I'm here.\" \"You're going to get,\" Justin started, pausing to sneeze mid-sentence. \"Sick.\" \"Bless you,\" JC chuckled. \"I'm not worried about getting sick. I'm worried about you.\" \"Okay,\" The 23 year old simply replied, and Josh could hear it in his voice that he was already falling asleep. \"I love you,\" He mumbled, scooting back so he was comfortably in his boyfriend's arms. \"I love you too, Justin. Now get some rest. And once you're feeling better, we're going out to buy you a proper winter jacket,\" He teased, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to Justin's ear. However, all he got in response was the soft, even breathing of his lover, a notification that he was finally asleep. JC looked at the clock on the wall and almost sprinted out of the bed, knowing that if he didn't leave in that moment, he'd miss his contract signing. However, as he felt Justin's chest rise and fall against his arms and thought about the man he loved so much, he lowered back down, deciding that in that moment, there was nowhere else he'd rather be. Several days later, Justin returned to work, grateful that he could finally speak without coughing or feeling as if his throat was being burned. He smiled as he took put on his large, black parka at the end of a long shift. Like Josh promised, the moment Justin could stand for more than ten minutes, the couple, along with Josh's bodyguard went down to the mall, picking out something to keep the younger warm. Justin chuckled at the memory, and soon gasped and jumped when he heard a knock on the door. \"Fuck!\" He whispered to himself, getting frustrated that he still wasn't over Lance's attack. He still got scared every single time someone knocked on his door, and constantly looked behind him when he was walking down the corridor. Regaining his composure, Justin walked to the door, pulling it open to reveal Chris, who timidly walked in. \"Hey, man. How you feeling?\" The slightly elder questioned, slapping hands with his best friend who he hadn't seen all day. \"A lot better. These New York winters aren't playing around though,\" He chuckled. \"You're not either,\" Chis chuckled, pointing to Justin's coat. \"You could probably go skiing in that thing.\" \"It was all Josh.\" \"I should've known,\" He laughed once again. \"Hey, I wanted to talk to you about something.\" \"Go for it, CK,\" Justin responded, walking back over to his desk and sitting in his chair. \"I met this really cool intern the other day and I was thinking… what are your thoughts on an assistant?\" He questioned nervously, and Justin scrunched his eyebrows in confusion. \"My thoughts are that I don't need an assistant. Why would I need an assistant?\" The Memphis native quickly asked. \"Well, I mean…,\" He started with a sigh, looking down at his feet. Justin's eyes widened in realization, his voice low when he started speaking again. \"Wait… you think… you think I can't handle my work since I've been back,\" Justin softy said. \"Justin, I didn't say that,\" Chris tried to defend, but he knew Justin could see right through him. \"You didn't have to.\" \"It's just that… you have enough stress in your life right now. I just thought maybe you could use some extra help,\" The elder of the two tried to explain himself. Justin knew his intentions were good, but he couldn't help himself from getting angry. And deep down, he knew he was angry because his best friend was right. After being attacked, he had trouble keeping his thoughts focused on work and struggled to not get overwhelmed with his daily tasks. However, he thought Chris had faith in him. Hell, he thought at least he'd talk to him first. \"This is bullshit,\" Justin spat out, somewhat knowing his lashing out was a projection of the anger he felt towards Lance, and towards himself for letting the attack affect him so deeply. \"Justin -\" \"Don't, Chris! I get it! I'm a weak ass bitch who is letting one little event take over my entire life and I suck at what I do! Did I miss anything?\" Justin stood, crossing his arms against his chest. \"Justin! You know that's not true,\" Chris tried to rationalize, lowering his voice in an attempt to calm his younger friend down. However, his blue eyes were icy, and then stared right through him. \"Fuck you,\" Justin simply whispered, and Chris sighed heavily, seeing the tears in them. The 23 year grabbed his bag and quickly slung it over his shoulder, pushing past his best friend and walking out of his office. Chris groaned, starting to go after him. \"Justin! Let me fucking explain!\" He yelled after the younger male. However, he didn't stop walking. \"You explained enough!\" Justin exclaimed back, not even turning around. He managed to get into the elevator and close the doors before Chris could get into it with him, but the 32 year old refused to give up. He threw open the door to the stairs, racing down over a dozen flights. He sprinted out of the revolving doors to the offices, seeing Justin standing next to a driver he presumed to work for JC. \"Justin, stop,\" Chris spoke through heaves, trying to catch his breath. The younger turned around, somewhat surprised that the elder ran down flights of stairs to catch up to him. \"What, Chris?\" \"Let's talk about this. Let's just talk,\" Chris breathed, but Justin just shook his head, the tears still brimming in his eyes. \"I think you've said enough,\" He responded, all the anger in his voice gone, replaced with defeat. \"But -\" \"Chris, you wouldn't have even thought about getting me an assistant if you thought I could handle my job. And instead of talking to me about how I was doing, you went behind my back and found someone that was willing to be my assistant because you probably thought I was so weak that I'd agree with you. That I'd give up. That says it all,\" The Memphis native's voice trailed off, nodding to the driver who opened the door, allowing him to slip into the back seat. Chris was left by himself to watch the black SUV pull away from the curb and speed down the street and sighed deeply. If Justin wouldn't listen to him, he needed to find someone that would.[Chapter 20] \"Mr. Timberlake, are you sure Mr. Chasez is okay with this?\" Kevin questioned once they pulled up to their destination. Upon getting in the car, Justin asked the driver if he knew were Lance Bass lived and of course, with Lance being JC's ex-boyfriend, he did. \"Yeah. Josh is meeting me here,\" Justin once again lied. Kevin knew he should've been suspicious of letting Justin visit Lance alone, as he frequently drove Josh around, listening to his rants about how evil the blonde was. But Justin hadn't given him any indication that he was lying, and he knew accusing Joshua's precious boyfriend of being deceitful would not go over well with the Chasez Banks heir. \"Okay,\" He replied, unsure. \"Would you like me to stay here until you're finished?\" He added, silently hoping the answer was yes, so that at least someone was near him. \"Sure. Trust me, I won't be long,\" Justin responded, and Kevin couldn't help but feel uneasy by his tone. He watched as the younger got out of the car, and prayed he wouldn't do anything stupid. Justin took a deep breath in an attempt to control his emotions, before walking up the paved driveway, knocking on the wooden door. He wasn't visiting Lance to fight or harm him, he just genuinely wanted to know why he couldn't mind his own business and why he decided to ruin Justin's life instead of focusing on his own. He nervously rubbed his hands against his navy blue dress pants, before raising his sleeve and checking the glowing text on his arm. He inwardly cursed himself, seeing he had 100 years. He knew if his plan went wrong, Lance wouldn't hesitate to take all of his time. So, he knew he needed to be extra careful. He pulled his sleeve back down, planning what he was going to say when Lance swung the door open, a look of shock wiping over his face. \"Well if it isn't Justin Timberlake,\" Lance announced, the smirk quickly rising to his face. But this time, Justin returned it. \"You gonna let me in?\" He asked, his voice not wavering whatsoever. He saw Lance's confidence slip, just a little, as he moved aside, allowing Justin to walk into the large house. It wasn't as big as Josh's, but it was enough to prove that Lance did have a lot of time. \"Nice place. I would ask how you could afford it but I think I know the answer,\" The Memphis native smirked, referencing Lance's parents stealing Chasez Banks time. \"You know, you're acting pretty tough for a guy that a week in the hospital because of me.\" \"That's because you can try all you want to take me out, but I'm never leaving Josh, and he's never leaving me. You're so pathetic it's actually funny,\" Justin scoffed, stepping closer to the blonde, who merely chuckled. \"I'm pathetic?\" Lance asked, his eyes never leaving Justin's. \"You had to hire people to attack me because you know you couldn't do it yourself,\" The 23 year old spat, his face inching closer to Lance's. \"Try it now. Try and take me out,\" He challenged. He could tell he was getting under Lance's skin, and it only fueled him more. \"That's what I thought. You can't and you won't. And you know… maybe that's why you'll never be with Josh. Josh needs a man.\" \"How much of a man were you when you were hooked up to all those machines, lying in a hospital bed and knocked the fuck out?\" Lance rebutted, his anger rising. \"Still more man than you,\" Justin replied, watching as Lance thought of his next move. \"You know, I do have to give you credit for being smart enough to not take me to court.\" \"Who said I wasn't going to? There's time,\" JC's boyfriend quickly replied. He'd thought about taking the assault to trial, figuring Lance couldn't hurt him from jail. But he wanted to make sure he could at least talk about the incident without having a panic attack before he tried to talk about it in front of a group of people. \"And you call me pathetic,\" The blonde chuckled, finally finding his way under Justin's skin. \"What the hell are you talking about?\" \"You're going to waste all of your time - sorry, Josh's time on trying to take me to court when you don't stand a single chance. Your testimony is going to be thrown out the window the second the jury hears you were having memory problems when you woke up,\" He explained with a smirk. Justin's eyes widened, and his jaw dropped. \"How'd you know I was having memory problems?\" The younger questioned, letting his confident facade slightly fade. He hadn't thought about how his difficulty remembering the situation when he first awoken in the hospital would affect his credibility. \"I told you, Justin. I know everything about you. So whatever it is you're planning, you better think twice, because I will find out. And you know, that attack was a warning. There's a reason I left you with an hour to your name.\" \"Is it because you're a coward?\" Justin asked, no longer confident, but furious at Lance, furious at himself that he felt fear. Lance smirked, reaching up and cupping Justin's chin. \"It's because I only get to kill you once, and I'm trying to save the fun,\" He whispered. And at that moment, Justin felt all of his emotions come to a head, and before he really realized what he was doing, swung his hand back, his fist connecting directly with Lance's face The blonde stumbled back, his hands instantly coming up to cup his nose, while Justin looked at his hand that was covered in blood. He knew deep down that it probably wasn't the best idea to punch the man that wanted to, and had tried to, kill him in the face, but Justin had to admit, it felt good. Lance removed his hands from his face, the entire bottom half caked in blood. He smirked, making Justin feel uneasy. \"You better watch your fucking back, Timberlake.\" \"Isn't that what Josh's bodyguards are for?\" He smirked, his confidence returning as he looked one more time at his new-found enemy, and walked out of the house. Chris made his way up to the double wooden doors at the end of JC's driveway, knocking heavily. He desperately wanted to work things out with Justin and figured he couldn't wait until the next day. He'd already tried his best friend's apartment, and when he'd gotten no answer, decided that he must be at his boyfriend's. He wanted to explain to Justin his rationale, and hoped the presence of Josh would calm him down. Soon, the door swung open, and JC stood in sweatpants and a black t-shirt. \"Hey Chris,\" He greeted with a smile, somewhat confused. He moved to the side, letting the elder male walk into the gorgeous mansion. \"Hey. Um, I'm sure Justin told you about our fight…,\" He started, snapping his mouth shut when JC looked increasingly confused. \"No, he hasn't. He's not here,\" Josh simply said. \"Wait, what?\" \"I haven't heard from him since lunch time. I know my driver was going to pick him up from work but he hasn't come back either,\" The 28 year old explained, the worry entering his voice. \"I saw him getting into your driver's car to leave so I assumed he was coming here… I checked his place first…\" \"Fuck,\" JC breathed, running his hands through his hair. \"Where could he be?\" He asked, making his way over to the couch and sitting down, putting his head in his hands. Chris followed, sitting in the recliner nearby. \"I know he's pissed at me, if that helps,\" He offered. \"What happened between you two?\" Josh questioned, looking up. \"I suggested that he get an assistant to help him out and he took it as I thought he was slacking with his work. I really just meant that he's been so overwhelmed that he could use someone to take his mind off things,\" Chris defended, wondering if Justin's boyfriend would view it the same way he had. \"Well, Justin might not appreciate it, but I do. I know he's actually trying to work himself into the ground because he still can't get his mind off of the attack. So he's probably mad you noticed,\" The 28 year old told him, and Chris nodded. He hadn't thought about it like that. \"That makes a lot more sense. How have I known him longer than you yet you know him better than I do?\" Chris teased and JC laughed, lightening the mood slightly. \"You mind if I wait until he comes back?\" \"Of course not. Can I get you something to drink? Beer?\" He questioned. \"You mean can your chef get me something to drink?\" The elder joked, recalling Justin mentioning that JC had his personal chef. \"Is that where Justin gets it from?\" JC responded, an amused look on his face. \"Tell me Justin doesn't make those jokes every time you ask him what he wants to eat.\" \"Every time,\" He laughed. \"He's lucky he's cute,\" He added, and Chris chuckled. \"I'll take a beer.\" It was roughly half an hour later when Kevin finally pulled into Joshua's driveway. Justin had been oddly quiet on the way home, and JC's driver had to stop himself from asking what happened inside Lance's, especially when he saw the dried blood staining Justin's right hand. When the SUV came to a complete stop, he heard Justin clear his throat, almost as if he'd just been scared out of his thoughts. \"Thanks, Kevin,\" The 23 year old spoke, throwing his bag over his shoulder and putting his fingers on the door handle and opening it. \"Of course, Mr. Timberlake. Please let Mr. Chasez know I'm back if he needs me.\" \"Will do,\" Justin replied, shutting the door and walking up the driveway. He pulled out the key Josh had given him from his messenger bag, unlocking the door and stepping inside. He was excited to tell his boyfriend that for once, Lance was scared of him. \"Justin,\" He heard his lover breathe, jumping up from the couch and rushing over to him, wrapping him in his arms. \"I didn't hear from you and Kevin didn't come back… I was worried,\" The elder breathed, placing a kiss to Justin's temple. The younger smiled, wrapping his arms around his lover's torso. \"I know I should've called. I'm sorry. I had something to take care of,\" The Memphis native replied, pulling away with a large smile. \"Yeah?\" \"Yeah,\" He responded, leaning forward and pecking Josh's lips. \"I think you're going to like it.\" \"Well, go -\" JC started, but was soon interrupted. \"What's he doing here?\" Justin questioned, finally noticing Chris standing slightly off to the side, wanting to give the couple some privacy. However, when Justin spoke to him, he sighed, stepping forward. \"Justin,\" The elder strictly spoke. \"God, Chris. I already told you, I don't want to hear it!\" \"Let me fucking explain!\" He exclaimed. Justin was about to respond, but JC's hand running up and down his back stopped him. \"Hear him out, baby,\" He whispered, pressing a kiss to Justin's earlobe. The Memphis native sighed, leaning against Josh. \"Go,\" He simply said, and Chris silently thanked JC. \"Justin, I don't think you're slacking on your work or you can't handle it. I'm worried about you. I know this attack is still affecting you and I don't want you to crash… I just - I thought that if you had someone to help you with everyday tasks, you'd be able to focus a little more on working through accepting the attack,\" Chris explained softly, seeing Justin's features relax with a sigh. \"I get it, Chris… part of the reason I got upset is because I know you're right. I know I'm having trouble focusing on work and I'm getting overwhelmed. But, I thought that to everyone else, I was handling the attack perfectly. It just surprised me that you didn't talk to me first.\" \"I know, and I should have. I'm sorry,\" He said, seeing the smile grow on his best friend's face as he untangled himself from JC's arms, walking towards him. \"I'm sorry too. I shouldn't have freaked out on you like that.\" \"Hey, I understand how you would've thought I was giving up on you. But I'm not, Justin. I know you can, and you will, get over this,\" The eldest said, reaching forward and pulling his best friend into an embrace. Justin returned it, before pulling away and smiling brightly. \"I think I've gotten a little closer to getting over it,\" He announced, turning to his boyfriend. \"What do you mean?\" JC questioned, his eyebrows furrowing. As far as he knew, Justin was still having difficulty even talking about what happened to him. \"Well, I told you, you were going to like where I was, right?\" \"Yeah. Where we you?\" The 28 year old responded, still confused. It was then that Justin raised his left hand with a smile, and Josh and Chris gasped, seeing the dried blood. \"What the fuck? Are you okay?!\" JC exclaimed, rushing to his boyfriend and taking the hand in his own, inspecting it for any injuries. \"I'm perfectly fine, but Lance isn't.\"[Chapter 21] \"What the hell happened?!\" Josh exclaimed, rushing over to Justin and taking the bloodied hand in his own, inspecting it. \"I went to pay Lance a visit,\" Justin happily responded, a little confused when his boyfriend didn't share the smile. \"Are you insane?\" He lowly asked, grateful when Chris returned with a damp towel. He instantly brought the cloth to Justin's hand, cleaning the crusty, dark red blood off of it. \"What? I thought you'd be happy I stood up for myself,\" The younger pouted, grateful that the red liquid was gone from his skin. JC sighed, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to his temple. \"I am proud of you, baby. I'm not proud you went without me or any bodyguards. You know what Lance is capable of,\" He spoke with a frown, but Justin just chuckled. \"No. I know what Lance is capable of paying for. He can't and he won't do shit to me on his own. I proved it to him,\" Justin confidently announced, and Josh licked his lips. He'd rarely seen the confident, sure of himself side of Justin, and he quickly decided that it was a serious turn on. \"You proved it to him?\" Chris questioned with a smirk, breaking the intense glare the two lovers shared. \"I sure did. I basically begged him to try and take me out himself,\" Justin exclaimed, a bright smile on his face when he turned to his best friend. \"Hey, don't brag about that,\" JC softly said with a frown, his hand on the small of Justin's back. \"Sorry,\" Justin quickly responded, but Josh didn't miss the wink and smirk he sent Chris. The eldest of the three chuckled, before shaking his head when he turned to look at JC, who didn't look all that happy. \"I'll take this as my sign to leave. Sounds like you two have quite a bit to talk about,\" He announced, seeing the look in JC's eyes. Justin looked up at his boyfriend, seeing him fake a smile before turning back to Chris with a sigh. \"I guess we do. I'll see you tomorrow,\" The 23 year old spoke. \"See ya, J. Bye JC,\" Chris said, turning to the door and walking out. JC closed it behind him, before rubbing a hand down his face and turning to Justin. \"Sit,\" He said, walking towards the couch and watching as his boyfriend followed. \"Look, I know what you're going to say,\" The 23 year old started, seeing Josh trying to form his thoughts. \"You do?\" The elder asked, somewhat skeptical. \"Of course I do. Do you really think I thought you'd be thrilled that I went to go visit Lance? Hell, do you really think I thought it was a brilliant idea?\" \"Then why'd you do it?\" Josh questioned, turning to tuck a curl behind Justin's ear, who sighed. \"I needed to do it for me. I needed to prove to myself that I'm not as weak as Lance has made me feel. I've never backed down, Josh. And since the attack, I felt like I have and I was missing part of me,\" The Memphis native explained, looking down to stare at the hand that his boyfriend placed on his knee, almost if he was afraid that it was an illusion. \"I get it,\" He whispered, causing Justin's head to snap up, his blue eyes filled with confusion. \"You do?\" \"Yeah. When Lance and I broke up and he took all my time, my parents begged me to stay away from him. They basically told their entire security team to be near me at all times, but I couldn't stand how vulnerable it made me feel so I did what you did,\" He said, chuckling when he saw Justin's eyebrows raise. \"I mean, not exactly what you did. I didn't beg him to hit me. But I needed to prove to myself that I was strong. But the difference between you and I is that at that time, I didn't have anyone to tell me that I was strong. You do. Justin, you're the strongest person I've ever met. If you ever need someone to remind you of that, please just ask me to tell you because I'll be more than happy to,\" Josh finished, and Justin brightly smiled. \"So… you're not mad?\" The younger questioned, and JC chuckled. \"Did you really think I could stay mad at you even if I tried?\" \"No,\" Justin smiled with a wink, leaning forward and pressing his lips to his boyfriend's. \"But it's nice to hear you say it,\" Josh playfully rolled his eyes, wrapping an arm around Justin's shoulder, enjoying a few moments of comfortable silence before he sighed, thinking of his plans the next day. \"I completely forgot to tell you. I called one of my lawyers for you, we have a meeting with him tomorrow,\" He spoke, feeling Justin tense. \"What's wrong?\" \"I… I can't take him to court,\" Justin announced, the frown evident on his face. JC almost chuckled, pulling away from him and bringing them so they were face to face. \"What? Of course you can. He can't just get away with this, Justin. Especially not now,\" The elder responded, secretly knowing that Justin visiting the blonde was sure to do nothing but fuel his fire. \"It's not like I don't want to,\" Justin sighed, and Josh could sense the defeat in his voice. \"Then why can't you?\" He questioned, only to hear Justin sigh once again. \"Nobody's going to believe me when they find out I was having memory problems when I first woke up…,\" He said, looking down. Josh felt his heart slightly flutter, as he himself hadn't thought of that, but he knew he had to be strong and find a solution. Lance couldn't get away with what he'd done. \"There could be witnesses, surveillance footage, somebody else that saw what happened. You not remembering what happened only proves that you were hurt,\" He spoke, satisfied with his answer. He saw Justin's face slightly relax, and felt some of the previous tension in his shoulder his hand was resting on disappear. \"I guess you're right.\" \"Of course I am,\" Josh teased, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to Justin's lips when he playfully rolled his eyes. \"You know I love you, right?\" \"I know,\" Josh whispered, bringing his thumb to the small amount of stubble on his boyfriend's chin. \"But I like hearing you say it… I love you too.\" Josh sat in front of his large vanity early the next morning, frowning as he attempted to style his chocolate brown hair into a style he deemed acceptable. He groaned as he picked up a can of hairspray, hating how his hair felt after it was drenched in the sticky liquid, but he wanted to look good for his lawyer. He wanted to make the best possible impression for Justin. He didn't notice Justin walk in, and stand behind him with a smirk, crossing his arms. \"Remember not to stand near any open flames today,\" He teased, walking over to his boyfriend and draping his arms over his chest. \"Very funny,\" Josh replied with a chuckle, kissing Justin's cheek before standing up and taking in Justin's outfit. The younger male wore a sky blue dress shirt, paired with dark black jeans, and JC smiled, offering his approval. Justin had come to him early that morning, expressing his fear that he had no idea how people dressed when meeting a lawyer. Did they go full casual, or full formal? Or somewhere in-between? \"You look good.\" \"Really?\" Justin questioned, almost as if he was afraid Josh was making fun of him. However, the elder stepped closer to him, gently placing his hands on his waist. \"Of course…,\" He responded, smiling when Justin slightly blushed. \"You ready for today?\" \"I think so… I mean, I don't really know what to expect,\" The 23 year old honestly replied. \"I know. But don't worry, I'll be there. I'll handle all the legal talk. You okay to talk about what happened if he asks?\" \"If it helps get Lance thrown in prison, then yeah, I'll be okay,\" Justin responded, and Josh smiled, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to his temple. His boyfriend would be just fine. \"So, there should be no issues then, right?\" Joshua questioned, sitting across from his lawyer, Mark Smidt. \"I don't presume there will be, Mr. Chasez. I plan on contacting the Old Town Bar right after this meeting and requesting access to the video surveillance from the night of the attack. Once we have that piece of evidence, we may need Mr. Timberlake to come in and correctly identify the suspects before we start planning our trial. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but I think the suspects would be willing to throw Mr. Bass under the bus if it meant less jail time for them,\" The young, dark haired lawyer explained. Justin inhaled deeply as he turned to sneak a look at JC, grateful that he was there. Like he promised, he dealt with all the legalities of the conversation while Justin focused on telling his story. The Memphis native knew that if Josh wasn't there, he wouldn't have survived the meeting. \"That's wonderful, Mark,\" The elder said with a smile, shifting his gaze to his boyfriend with a smile before standing up. Justin followed suite, instantly reaching for JC's hand. \"When should we expect to hear from you again?\" \"It might take a little while for the bar to get back to me or search for the footage, but Mr. Timberlake, your precision with the date and time will greatly help the search. I'll call you within 48 hours to at least give you and update,\" The middle-aged male spoke, smiling as he shifted his gaze between the two. \"Thank you, Mark,\" JC said, smiling as he shook his lawyer's hand, grateful they were at least able to get some answers during their meeting. Justin offered his own smile, waiting for JC to release Mark's hand before shaking it within his own. \"Yeah, I really appreciate this.\" \"It was my pleasure, Mr. Timberlake. That being said, this isn't going to be an easy journey, but we just have to believe that justice will be served. At times, it may be hard, but it's important to stay strong,\" The elder male explained, only to receive a nod from the Memphis native. \"I'll try,\" He offered a small smile, feeling JC squeeze his hand gently, offering a silent promise that no matter what happened, he'd be there for Justin. Justin picked slowly at his fries as he sat at lunch with Josh. He had roughly an hour before he needed to be at the GQ offices, as he explained to his boss, Johnny Wright that he needed half a day off. Josh decided that Justin needed to eat something before his shift, and wanted to see how his younger boyfriend was processing all the new information he'd received. Slowly, Josh reached forward, taking Justin's hand in his own and gently running his thumb across it. \"Hey,\" He smiled when Justin's beautiful blue eyes met his. \"How you holding up?\" \"I'm okay,\" Justin shrugged, offering a smile in return. \"It's just a lot to take in, you know?\" He said, and Josh thoughtfully nodded. \"I know. I don't expect this to be easy for you, Justin. Going through a lawsuit and a trial is nerve-wracking, and it's a lot of work, but it's the only way to make sure that people like Lance don't just get away with hurting you.\" \"I know, Josh. It's just… you seem so calm about the whole idea of going to trial… what if people don't believe me? What if, Lance is clearly guilty but the jury is oblivious?\" The 23 year old questioned with a sigh. \"Baby, the only reason I'm so calm about it is because I've done it. Many times. I was just as nervous as you are when I went to my first trial, but you just have to trust yourself and what you know the truth is. I've learned that if you can't believe yourself, how can you expect anyone else to believe you?\" The 28 year old explained, feeling his heart swell when he saw Justin smile. \"You're right… It's just… I would have never, ever expected that I would be going to trial against my boyfriend's ex for organizing an attack on me. This is all just so crazy,\" Justin expressed with a slight chuckle. \"It is crazy,\" Josh responded, and then heavily sighed. \"What?\" \"I know I've mentioned this to you before… but Justin, things like this… they unfortunately happen in my life a lot. People see the time that my family and the company has, and they think that it would be so much easier to just take us out than earning their own time. I want you to know that I'll always protect you, but if you want to be with me, you need to watch your back,\" The elder of the two explained, looking down at the table. He wasn't expecting it, but he felt Justin squeeze his hand and bring it to his mouth, placing a gentle kiss on it. \"I wouldn't be going to court if I didn't want to be with you. I love you, Josh… and I think, as much as I try to pretend like I can just live my normal life and run free, I think I'm finally starting to understand that I need to adjust to this new life, because I want it to be my only life.\" \"So… what are you saying?\" JC questioned, raising his eyes to look at his boyfriend. \"I'm saying I want a bodyguard.\"[Chapter 22] \"How did you not know what caviar was?\" Josh chuckled as they sat at dinner in one of his favourite restaurants. The past few days had been insanely busy for Justin and JC, with new Chasez Banks projects and the winter editions of GQ magazine, as well as the impending information about Justin's case against Lance. However, the couple ensured to try their best and have dinner with each other as often as possible, wanting to hear about the other's day when they were apart. \"Are we forgetting that I basically ate frozen dinners every night until I met you?\" Justin replied through a laugh. \"So? What do you think?\" The slightly elder male asked, his blue eyes focusing on Justin's face. \"I think it makes me feel fancy,\" He teased, taking another bite. \"I'm kidding. It's good. We didn't have to come to this nice of a restaurant you know,\" Justin spoke, his eyes searching the room, letting his insecurity show. He was brought back to the present when Josh placed his hand on top of his. \"I know. But I missed you today. I felt like doing something romantic,\" The 28 year old spoke sheepishly, causing Justin to brightly smile and blush. \"I missed you too. Everyone's starting to plan for this holiday party,\" Justin chuckled, reaching for his glass of red wine and taking a sip. \"Oh yeah. When is that again?\" \"December 21st. You're still coming, right?\" \"Yeah, I'll be th-\" JC started to reply, feeling his phone vibrate in his pocket. Slowly, he dug it out and looked at the screen, seeing his mother's name being displayed. \"It's my mom,\" He explained to Justin before pressing accept on the call and placing the device to his ear. \"Hey Mom.\" \"Hey sweetie, what are you doing?\" Karen's sweet voice came through the phone. \"I'm at dinner with Justin.\" \"Oh, say hello to him for us!\" She happily spoke, and JC could sense the smile in her voice. \"Mom says hi,\" Josh chuckled, his eyes connecting with Justin's. \"Hi Karen,\" Justin replied with a smile. \"He says hi.\" \"Now, there's a reason I called. Your brother is coming in town in two days and he was hoping to stay with you,\" She explained, and Josh sighed at the news. His younger brother, Tyler, worked at the Chasez Banks location in Los Angeles, and there had always been some competition between them. When their father named JC as Chasez Banks vice president, Tyler had taken it somewhat personally and refused to take any other position at the headquarters, flying to LA and taking over their branch there. However, the siblings got along somewhat well, and Josh would have been a little excited to see him, if he wasn't buried in work and trying to sort out Justin's trial. \"This really isn't a good time, Mom,\" Josh responded, running a hand down his face. Justin's eyebrows furrowed, curious as to what the conversation was about. \"Josh, you haven't seen him in 9 months. The least you could do is let him stay with you for a week,\" Karen said, her voice taking a somewhat stricter tone. \"Mom,\" JC whined. \"Joshua.\" \"Ugh - fine. Tell him to call me. Bye,\" The eldest Chasez son reluctantly agreed, slapping his phone shut and placing it back into his pocket. \"Everything okay?\" Justin questioned after a few moments of silence. \"My brother's coming in town and my mom wants him to stay at my place for a week,\" He explained. Justin just looked at him, expecting him to continue. He couldn't have been so stressed over the fact that his brother was coming to visit, could he? \"And?\" \"And, you don't know my brother. He's very competitive. All he ever talks about is how the LA branch is going to be the new headquarters and he's going to be president,\" He sighed, and it was Justin's turn to place his hand on top of his boyfriend's. \"That hasn't happened,\" He softly spoke, offering support. Josh smiled, taking Justin's hand in his own and bringing it to his lips, pressing a gentle kiss to his hand. \"And it won't. I've been working too damn hard to let him take it away from me because he's jealous dad didn't pick him. But it's still going to be annoying… plus, I like spending time with you at my place. I don't want to watch what we do in front of him,\" He pouted. \"One week, Josh. We can be careful for one week.\" \"I don't know… you've been looking extra hot these days. Don't think I haven't noticed you've bought some new ties.\" \"You're such an idiot,\" Justin laughed. \"I love you,\" He continued, leaning forward and pressing his lips to JC's. \"I love you too.\" \"Man, you really gotta calm down,\" Joey said from the couch, watching JC rush around his house, looking for his keys. Tyler had called him roughly an hour ago letting him know when he was going to land, and JC promised to pick him up. \"I'm nervous, Joe. What if he doesn't get along with Justin?\" \"He will, C. Everyone loves Justin,\" The Italian tried to make his best friend feel better. \"Every normal person loves Justin. Tyler isn't normal. We know this,\" The slightly elder male argued, rolling his eyes. \"No matter how many times he tries to break your balls, you know he still loves you and looks up to you. He's your brother,\" Joey responded. Tyler had told him time and time again how much Joshua inspired him both as a person and a business man, and Joey figured that the reason he tried to compete with Josh was because he felt like he hadn't accomplished anything compared to his older brother. \"I know you're right, and he's a good kid. But sometimes he just goes too far and I'm worried one of those times is going to be with Justin. Especially if he finds out about the whole Lance, trial thing.\" \"Speaking of, what's going on with that?\" Joey asked, as he hadn't heard about the situation in quite some time. \"Mark said the bar claims they're having trouble locating the footage. We can't do anything until they find it,\" The Chasez Banks vice president explained. \"They better fucking find it soon. I hate that Bass is roaming free right now,\" Joey said, and Josh scoffed. \"Tell me about it. I'm just glad Justin finally agreed to having a bodyguard with him when he's not at work. It doesn't completely take away my worries, but it helps.\" \"Oh yeah, has he said anything about how it's been going?\" JC's best friend questioned, remembering JC mentioning that Justin was completely against having a guard. \"It's not his favourite thing in the world, but he gets it and that's all that matters,\" Josh answered, before checking his watch. \"Shit. We better get going, Tyler should be landing soon,\" He finished, pulling his wool jacket on and rushing out of the door, with Joey following close behind. \"I think I see him,\" Joey nudged JC as they stood in the terminal, searching for the younger Chasez. JC's eyes snapped up to where his friend was looking, and as soon as they did, they focused on Tyler Chasez. The younger Chasez spotted him through the crowded airport and quickly made his way to him. Instantly, Josh's worries faded away, and he gathered his younger brother in an embrace, holding him close. \"Woah,\" Tyler chuckled, but brought his arms to wrap around JC's torso. Slowly, the siblings pulled away, and JC couldn't wipe the smile off his face. As much as he hated to admit it, he needed his brother. And little did he know, Tyler felt the exact same way. \"I know. I know. I missed you too,\" The younger said with a chuckle, knowing his older brother wouldn't admit it. Still smiling, Josh lifted his hand, ruffling Tyler's short hair. \"Hey man,\" Joey made his presence known as he watched the siblings interact. \"Hey Joe!\" Tyler exclaimed as his eyes focused on the Italian, slapping hands with him before pulling him in for a quick hug. \"It's been so long.\" \"Too long, kid,\" Joey commented, taking Tyler's bag from his shoulder. \"You ready to go?\" \"Yeah. Is Justin at your place?\" The youngest Chasez questioned, turning to look at Josh, who smiled. \"Not right now. He should be coming over for dinner though,\" JC replied. \"Good. I can't wait to meet him,\" Tyler announced, and JC couldn't stop smiling when he couldn't detect any sarcasm in his voice. It was now the late evening, and Justin stared at the ceiling as he laid in bed with Joshua, unable to sleep. He wouldn't tell his boyfriend, but the idea of a possible trial hadn't once left his mind, and it terrified him. Although Josh tried to assure him that he was only calm because he'd been to trial before, Justin couldn't shake the feeling that he would never be okay with going to trial, no matter how many times he went. It wasn't that he didn't trust himself, it was the idea of leaving the fate of someone who literally wanted to kill him, in the hands of a group of strangers. How would he survive if Lance was just allowed to walk out of the court room with no repercussions? Somehow, he knew that if Lance walked, he'd kill Justin. Sighing, he turned his head to look at Joshua, who had his back turned to him, his tanned muscles rising and falling with each even breath. Justin leaned down and pressed a kiss to his neck, before removing the covers from himself and quietly getting out of the bed. He made his way down the long, marble staircase before he heard the low volume of the TV coming from JC's living room. He scrunched his eyebrows, slightly confused, but as he reached the TV, he saw Tyler sitting and watching the repeat of the night's basketball game. The sight made Justin smile. Tyler was extremely kind to him when they first met, and Justin hadn't sensed any of the hostile vibe Josh warned him of. He wanted to get to know his boyfriend's brother, and the fact that he liked basketball made he so much more comfortable. \"I heard that was quite the game,\" He softly commented, not wanting to scare the other man. Still, Tyler slightly jumped, turning to see who else was up at that time, and smiled when he saw Justin. \"Me too. Thought I'd catch the late night replay,\" He replied. \"You're an NBA fan?\" \"Hell yeah. The Grizzlies are my team, man,\" Justin commented, and chuckled when he heard Tyler's fake gag. \"Lakers all the way, dude,\" He responded. \"So does that make Josh a Knicks fan?\" Justin asked, never recalling his boyfriend bringing up sports before, but was slightly hopeful that it just ran in the family and the subject never came up. \"Please, Josh would rather go stare at an art gallery for three hours than go watch a basketball game,\" He scoffed, and Justin laughed. \"Tell me about it,\" He responded, having been to his fair share of art galleries in his time so far with JC. \"I'm so glad I found someone I can talk about it with,\" Tyler genuinely smiled, to which Justin returned. \"Me too.\" \"You wanna watch the replay?\" He questioned, and Justin nodded, making his way over to the couch and sitting next to him. The two sat as they watched the game, bonding over their love of the sport and their wishfulness that Josh would somehow start watching it with them. Both Justin and Tyler felt extremely comfortable with each other, and were grateful that there was no need to pretend to like each other. Before they knew it, the game was over. \"Man, what a game,\" Justin breathed with a smile. \"Tell me about it,\" Tyler chuckled, then checked the large clock on the wall, seeing that it was now 3:30am. He shifted his eyes to Justin, expecting to see his shoulders slumping or a yawn escaping, but besides the dark circles that were all too apparent under his eyes, Justin looked to be wide awake. \"Shit. It's almost 4am. I know I'm jet-lagged as hell, but how are you not tired?\" He questioned, seeing Justin tense up. \"I haven't been able to sleep lately,\" He shrugged, and Tyler could tell he wasn't telling him the full story. \"Everything okay?\" The youngest Chasez questioned, placing a gentle hand on his knee. As Justin's eyes shifted to the hand, he slowly blinked, looking back up into Tyler's chocolate brown eyes, sensing the genuine care. \"Not really,\" He sighed. He figured that if he couldn't talk to Josh about how he was feeling, he could at least talk to his brother. Tyler sensed the hesitation, and smiled small at the Memphis native. \"You can talk to me. I'm not Josh, and I won't tell him anything we talk about. You can trust me,\" He assured, and Justin took a deep breath, believing the youngest Chasez. \"Okay.\" ","Summary":" \"Justin, you gotta stop with this, man,\" Chris Kirkpatrick spoke, looking at his best friend and "}]